they specialize in playing the one song that is popular right now... over and over and over and over and (well you get the point)i never heard of a club doing that more than twice!!

I would not recommend this place.My constant readers know that I am about as fair as possible when writing reviews, always looking to find something to recommend, but I am afraid the only thing in this particular Cabo was the Bean Dip and I am sure that was out of a can as the tortilla chips were out of a can.My urgent warning is STAY AWAY FROM HERE. Here is why:After taking a bite of my entree there was a high acid, high metalic, high "Smoke" taste that was quite simply hazardous. If this was just in the rice I could live with it, but it was intensely pervasive in the Fajita Burrito as well. After literally two bit I stop and even after being offered a new entree I refused for fear of truly being poisoned. I do not know what the exact contaminant was but since it was in the rice and burrito it was a systemic issue and that tells me no matter what the entree there was a problem.My wife's plate had the same problem but after a couple of bites she had to find a restroom before making a public scene and having the food returned in the "Roman" manner.I have eaten in some of the best Mexican Style eateries in the world, lord knows L.A. has a ton of them. But when the manager insists the food is fine (without tasting it) I must be mistaken. I had sent the food back after two bites so it is not likely my germs were on that plate, there were more germs from the cook and server on it than me and still she wouldn't touch it (or maybe she knew there was a problem). After that the excuse was that it couldn't have a problem because the Health Department gave them an "A" rating which of course means absolutely nothing today when the inspection was whenever in the past.Fortunately I was not expected to pay for those entrees, but a tab did come along for the Iced Teas we drank. I pointed out that my wife was no longer enjoying that Iced Tea and only then were we free to leave, hungry but without an appetite.So, why am I so upset? It's not like this is the first time I have eaten food from a questionable kitchen, but it is the first time no-one seemed to care about it. Here was a restaurant full of people who were possibly exposed to something very bad and they were still sending out plates. INEXCUSABLE.Will this kitchen get better? Most likely but the same team will still be there and I know I will NEVER be back because the place is more interested in serving bad food (in more then one sense) than being safe.The Health Department should be informed.---As an aside I asked myself why people were not running out of the place when I realized it is quite possible people didn't realize something was wrong and opposed to making a scene and returning the food ate it thinking "Maybe this is how it's supposed to taste." If you think that absurd realize most people will keep drinking that bottle of rare vintage wine even if it turned to vinegar years ago because it is a "rare vintage" and are told it is good. This happens a lot.Went to a movie at the casino theater and decided to have a quick dinner at Cabo not expecting anything great and it's pretty difficult to mess up mexican food.

Poor inside the complex itself.  You see residents on their lanai's all the time making calls on their cells...seems to be weak for three carriers I've tried.To Sum up: with this and the other reviews, you should get a clearer picture of what its like to live here. Don't be fooled by their weak attempt to portray a Multi Unit Dwelling as a "resort": Its simply an overpriced, poorly constructed, undermanaged, well located apartment complex. Save your money, and look elsewhere, even if you're mentally under 30...  Disclosure: We are "busy working professionals", and not students: either ultra rich or spoiled!My roommate and I lived here from late July 2010 and our lease ends in 4 days.  I cannot stress enough how DISAPPOINTING this experience has been.We moved in believing it was a nice alternative to more expensive complexes such as Vista Del Sol or the Vue.  We knew it was a younger complex which is fine since we are both students with jobs.  The front desk staff and the tour were both great during our first visit.BUT then it all went down hill.We each signed 3 different leases because the front desk staff kept changing, for our 1st month we literally did not see the same person twice regarding our lease.  In short, they lost it TWICE.  Then, payment issues started arising.  I pay by echeck and my roommate pays by recurring payment.  EVERY SINGLE MONTH they denied either my echeck or my roommates recurring payment saying that we didn't fill out the proper billing information!  HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE THE BILLS COME TO OUR APARTMENT IN THE GRIGIO COMPLEX.  We have spoken to the accountant on 5 seperate occasions and STILL HAVE PROBLEMS.  This is our last month and we thought they would have it figured out by now. But no, my payment was denied then accepted a second time, essentially charging me the full month instead of the half month.  And they charged my roommate the ceiling amount on his recurring payment, charging him $50 MORE THAN OUR TOTAL RENT DUE!We also had to have our dishwasher replaced because it would not start.  And they tried to charge us to replace it.  They said they had no other complaints about this dishwasher model so we must have broken it!  I'm no expert on customer service but I would suggest that you not accuse your tenants of trying to rip you off.  When they replaced the dishwasher is damaged the countertop, which I pointed out at the time of installation.  Yet when walking through the apt. with a front desk representative they told me I would have to replace the countertop!  LIVID!To top it all off, the pools get no sun except from 11-1 because of the high walls.  The sponsored events are crap, they never have enough food or beverages for people who show up. And their amenities such as dry cleaning or maid service, don't even bother trying.  We requested dry cleaning for our suits before going on a trip to Las Vegas.  They called us back 3 weeks later, after our trip to ask if it would be okay for us to give them the suits the following friday.  Do the math that is 4 weeks after we made our initial request.All in all, I HATED LIVING HERE. the front desk is rude and inept. The accountant always tries to make you think that payment problems are your fault even when you have proof it wasn't.  And the services that seem to make this place worth the price don't deliver.Please do not be fooled by the people who give this place 5 stars and write everything that this place offers, cause it's all facade. Lived there for a year - big mistake.Our kitchen had probably the cheapest appliances on the market. Our floor tiles peeled up because a maintenance guy FORGOT to plug back in the ice machine water. My roommate and I refused to fix anything up there ourselves (although we wanted to) because we knew that we would ultimately be charged for doing this without maintenance.We had a "lake" view, even though when we moved in the lake was empty and smelled like a slaughter house. The staff is a joke. The events coordinator (forgot her name) was actually the best part about that place. She planned a half decent Halloween party with free alcohol and some other events we didn't attend.This place gives you some idea that every other room is sold out so you MUST ACT FAST.. don't buy into that either. I think this place costs the same as West 6.... and the shorter building looked like it has some nicer features, although I will never live in an apartment complex again. We would get noise complaints watching Always Sunny In Philadelphia at 10PM on Thursday nights and neither of us are loud guys. We had to furnish the place ourselves which I think in the long run is good, since I do not want to sleep on a flotation device/mattress. The three pools suck. They are surrounded by tall buildings so there's only sunlight between the hours of 11am and 1:30pm.. I actually think they would be best off quarantine all college kids and bros to live in a certain building and the remaining yuppies and saddening families to another. Paying for rent was like pulling teeth. Their "automated" system always screwed up and wouldn't let you evenly divide the rent.Then, when we did pay for the rent, we would get an eviction notice every month saying that we didn't pay... even though we did.. and someone decided to take a half day and not register that we had, in fact, paid rent.As Nikki S. says... yes there is a rooftop... but it is extremely dumb. I actually think it costs money now to "rent" it out.. BUYER BEWARE. Oh, also, this place declared bankruptcy last year at some time  "A Tempe apartment complex known for luxury - and the highest rents in the Valley - has filed for bankruptcy protection." -http://www.eastvalleytribune.com/business/article_27c54224-5d23-11df-87f7-001cc4c002e0.htmlSo, go ahead and not pay your rent. By law you have 90 days to vacate the premise and there's no way in hell they will take you to court.My lease is up in May, and I can't wait for May to arrive.  Ever since Fairfield took over the property, the service and amenities have gone downhill.  I experienced a theft in the 'gated' parking structure, and management did nothing to resolve the problem.  I have neighbors that are not considerate of those around them.  I have made numerous complaints to management, and nothing has been done to resolve that problem.  I am paying way too much for what I am getting, and I will leave this place as soon as I can once my lease is up.Disgusting facilities, mis-leading management, and bait and switch sales tactics. Don't waste your money renting these over-priced unitsAnd there are roaches everywhereWORST PLACE TO LIVE!At first I really enjoyed living at the Grigio because of all the great amenities (that you will never have time to use) and because the location is perfect. It is also amazing to be able to go on a jog right by the lake etc.....So what makes this place so horrible? THE MANAGEMENT!

8. Stains on most of the carpet

clerk: (sighs, waves customer away like he's swatting a fly)

I had been coming here for four years off and on. Some times it was o.k. and sometimes you would just get ignored. It is close to were I live so for convenience I kept coming back. A certain young blonde tattooed lady that cuts hair in the front right basically ignores most customers and only cuts her friends or regular customers hair. If you don't know her well then she will just ignore you like you are intruding on her space.BELIEVE ALL THE REVIEWS THAT SAY THIS PLACE IS NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY. IT IS TRUE! Why have the most unfriendly hairstylist in the front to greet your customers(blonde attitude lady)?! The only nice lady is the bigger one who cuts hair on the left side in the very front as you walk in.I would tip every time I got a haircut from this place. Seems foolish to ignore a customer as myself but that is besides the point. The main reason I am done with this place is the rudeness, the waiting, the ignoring, customers coming in after me getting treated first b/c of friend relationships. You have a circus being fronted as a business over there. A bunch of summer camp teens that never grew up.If I owned that establishment I would be really ashamed. NO CHEAP HAIRCUT IS WORTH THE MISTREATMENT YOU MIGHT RECEIVE GOING INTO THIS PLACE!The cashier at this toys r us was extremely rude.  My husband was trying to return something purchased with the allowed time frame and she was a bit snippy.  She definitely needed some work on the customer service department.Worst experience at this location. First time visit and will not be back. Its older and way bigger. Walk in. No greeting. Had to walk half way throughout he store to find someone and get some help. I had asked for a product and sent an employee I think Roger? I asked how mattresses worked for toddler beds and he explained the cashier would offer and explain. But I had then changed my mind and apologized because I had found a different bed. I explained I wanted the different product and he mumbled handed me back my the toddler bed paper I wanted and walked away.I thought I was suppose to wait so I waited and waited.... I figured I would just take the ticket thing to the cashier but the line got slammed. I waited as the next customer and then the employee I had talked to opened his register and allowed the last person in the line to ring out before me. So I waited some more.... frustration rising.....When I finally get yo the register he asked if they had gotten it for me. I replied "no.  it says on the ticket to bring to cashier" he said okay I'll grab it. Did you want a mattress with it. I replied yes. He asked which kind. I explain well I don't know the other employee had told me the cashier (him) would explain the mattresses. He told me the manager would meet me back there to help me. I said "the manager? Perfect" I thought I could explain my frustration and he could provide some help. I was wrong.

After calling the front desk and getting routed for no less than 3 times,I was told "I need to do something here... click click... you are all set"

Try and call their corporate office in Tempe on Kyrene, and see if anyone answers... EVER. That right there should raise a big red flag.Buyer Beware is my only comment.Applied for credit for a 2014 ranger crew. They applied for a loan amount much higher than was necessary and did so without my consent. When I called them on it,  Mike Smith said they applied for that amount to cover the cost of extended warranty which I did not ask for. Very sneaky and dishonest business practices at Ride Now.I wont be stepping foot there ever againWanted to buy a motorcycle and applied for financing but instead of actual financing the guy applied for a credit card with Polaris and you know Interest are very high on a credit card. Now I have a $15,600 credit card that at 24.99% interest rate that I have plans on using instead of actual financing financing at a lower rate. (my fault for not reading the paper work but come on  sales people, really)When the number came and started looking at then they were as follows

Overpriced pasta that is average.Quaint neighborhood restaurant that underwhelms.

nutes late.The latest news came at this weeks check up. My doctor was worried I had preeclampsia so I had to do some tests and come back a week later. 30 min before my appointment they call me to tell me she's out of the office and had to rescheduled my appointment for the following week. It's bad enough I'm worried about my test results but now I have to wait another week? So the following week I go back and have to wait an hour after my scheduled appointment. When I asked how much longer it would be they told me they don't know and were very rude telling me I can reschedule if I didn't want to wait. When I asked to speak to the manager she had the nerve to tell me good luck finding a better place with less waiting time. When I finally did see the NP (oh yea... I didn't even get to see my Dr) she didn't even look at mt chart or mention ANYTHING about my bloodwork!! 2 hrs down the drain for a USELESS 5 MINUTE APPOINTMENT AND THEY DON'T EVEN BOTHER TO LOOK AT MY CHART! so now... With 8 weeks left to go I'm looking for a new OB. How can you trust someone with your baby that only takes 5 minutes rushes you out the door and then makes excuses that everywhere I go I song find better ( again... Yes the doctor told me this)So in short... Unless to be treated like cattle, deal with rude front desk clerks all for  a 10 minute appointment that leaves you feeling have no idea what's going on in your pregnancy.... STAY AWAY.The doctors are great, but the staff is HORRIBLE! When I call, it seriously takes 8 to 10 minutes to get someone to answer. Not even exaggerating. when I went there for the first time, the staff looked at me like "what do you want" instead of asking "how may I help you." My appt was at 2:30, I got there at 1:50 and didn't get seen until 4:22pm.... I mean, they could have atleast told me that they were behind on patients or something...Again, doctors-GREAT, Staff-HORRIBLE!Horrible staff at the front desk. I witnessed the Indian lady almost hollering at a lady cause she didn't know what she was suppost to say when she picked her stuff up. The young lady that helped me was completely rude when I had a question to ask. I doubt ill ever come back to this place!OK, First thing first: It takes forever to see your doctor. Our shortest wait was 1 hour. It usually takes about 2 hours to see your doc. Be prepared to kill your precious time in the office. The nurses are nice and friendly, but cannot say the same for the office staff! Although we saw Dr. Fleisher regularly throughout the pregnancy, we didn't get him for the delivery. Instead, and UNFORTUNATELY, we had Dr. REBECCA TYRE who was on call for the delivery. In all fairness, we knew from the onset that getting Dr. Fleisher was not guaranteed and that we could get any of the six doctors for the delivery. And we had hoped that it would be OK to have someone other than Dr. Fleisher for the delivery as we had developed a good relationship with him. Now, the perplexing thing is not that we had a HORRIFYING and TRAUMATIZING experience with DR. TYRE, but that it is almost an established fact that DR. TYRE universally and repeatedly gets bad reviews! And please go check as many webmd reviews as you wish! She is unacceptably unprofessional. Now my question is to the office, Green Valley OB GYN: Why do you still have TYRE on board despite the fact that she has an established track record of traumatizing your patients??? It is such a shame when her own colleagues from the same office badmouth her practice and professionalism big time, yet still keep her there and allow her to ruin people's most important and emotional moments... Now please read our personal experience with Tyre below if you think that I am a little too harsh and decide for yourself...When Tyre came in to the delivery room at St. Rose Dominican Hospital, she didn't even bother to greet us! First thing we heard from her was "where are you from?" We knew that it wasn't going to be a pleasant experience, but she was on call that night! In only 15 minutes, she was able to traumatize us big time and to completely ruin the most magical and memorable moment of our life. Our daughter was born with a minor birth defect and Tyre broke it to us in an extremely unprofessional way. She looked at our baby and said "what is wrong with this baby? Take "it" and check "it"!" She didn't even let us enjoy our baby for one moment, shed happy tears, or celebrate the arrival of our precious angel. Then, of course, we completely freaked out, trying to figure out what was going on, but she refused to elaborate anything, stating that it wasn't her job to diagnose the newborn! A heartless and unprofessional woman, a monumental shame to her profession! She should not be involved with childbirth, one of the most emotional and magical human experiences ever. She is an arrogant doctor, and a horrible, ugly human being...Stay away from her, and from this office if possible...Doesn't even deserve one star.  If you have any serious issues you need taken care of I wouldn't recommend this place.  I saw Becky Gonzales due to the fact that uterine cancer runs in my family.  My sister had genetic testing and found out she had Lynch Syndrome. She was told that all her siblings need to also be tested for this because if you have it there is an 87% you will get uterine/colon cancer.  Becky had never even heard of Lynch Syndrome, nor did she realize that uterine and colon cancer were related.  At that point, if I had been dressed I would have walked right out.  As soon as I could, I got out of there and saw her using her phone to Google information, so basically I knew more than her.   She told me she had been practicing for 20 years...not sure what she was practicing but obvious she was not up-to-date any recent medical discoveries.I have been going here for almost 2 years now under the care of Rebecca Tyre.  My experience has been awful to say the least. It's bad enough that I'm having difficulties getting pregnant but to have an OBGYN that is unknowledgeable, uncaring, and not personable just makes my jaw drop and my heart continue to hurt. I thought my previous OBGYN who told me that The reason I wasn't getting pregnant was because I was too fat was bad but my experience with Rebecca (doesn't even deserve the title Dr.) is worse!At each of my visit Rebecca was quick to keep trying to refer me to a Specialist; however from advice from friends I told her that I would rather do as much of the tests with her (since my insurance covers it rather than all the tests with a Specialist). So needless to say after each of my visits I researched what steps I needed to take and just told her what to do and what Tests to order and send me for. Now, I'm no doctor but isn't the doctor suppose to be the one giving the advice and educating the patient on what needs to be done? Well unfortunately, not in my situation.Please save yourself further heartache!  If you are having troubles conceiving, do research and find yourself another OBGYN.This office has too many patients it is very hard to get a non emergency appointment in the same month.  I needed to reschedule an appointment, due to a work emergency, and they could not see me for another month.  Not everyone works a perfect 9-5 predictable schedule, some compassion and flexibility would be appreciated.  I will be finding a new doctor.I was a patient here for 10 years. Becky and Sylvia, the nurse practitioners, have always been very nice.However, I feel that the entire office is completely unknowledgeable when it comes to women that are struggling with conception. My husband and I tried to have a child for 5 years. My husband was working out of town for two of those years and I was never told about medication that would schedule my ovulation for when he's at home. I had 4 miscarriages with that office and was never put on progesterone, baby aspirin, or sent to an at risk pregnancy center. Although Becky did refer me to one of those in vitro fertilization clinics. The office staff is some of the rudest people that I've ever had contact with. Just recently I thought I was having another miscarriage, now at 40yrs of age. I asked if I could come in to see if my baby was ok and was told by Meghan that I never came in to establish pregnancy which I had. She'd asked me if I'd been to the hospital and then asked me if I even wanted this baby. I said, "why would I be calling you to make an appointment to see if my babies okay." Then she told me I didn't have to be rude. Really! I'm the one being rude. They'd probably put my paperwork from my visit that establish pregnancy with them in someone else's file because when I just recently left their office and took my paperwork with me I had someone else's paperwork in my file. And this is just the tip of the iceberg; I could go on and on about all of the other things that I've experienced there in 10 years. Basically they're just rude and incompetent and I don't know where and what the office manager is doing when these receptionist are on the phone speaking to clients the way that they do but if I was a doctor in this office I'd start by firing the manager. If you want to feel like a crackhead visiting a methadone clinic this is the place for you.This waiting room is by far the worst I've ever been to. Staff is rude and has attitude, personal questions are asked loudly (social security, personal information). I even heard staff ask a young woman loudly if she's ever had any abortions or miscarriages. Waiting times are extremely long. Charged 150 for a consultation to show the doctor results I already knew the recommendation for....

Now...Carpets n More will do nothing to fix THEIR MISTAKE !!!!    They have horrible customer service and are a rip off company.   The carpet they laid in my home looks horrible.   Atrocious workmanship from whomever they outsource to.  I would NEVER EVER recommend you doing business here.   There are many other, more competent flooring companies out there.....find one !!!!

satay chic curry stick appetizer are comparable to chicken on a stick with curry powder no flavor.The peanut sauce worst ever. Tasted like plain old peanuts would have been tastier if I whipped out a jar of Peter Pan.Will not eat from this establishment again

And read the review on day old bread... They don't discount day old bread or even late day purchases... It's Full price even a day later!Went in today for a drink, and just to spark up a conversation with the bartender, I asked her name (Lauren) and when she asked me for mine, I said real or stage (modeling) name and she kicked me and my cousin out because she said I was too drunk to remember my own name. Then she tries to defend herself by saying that our IDs  (both out of state) looked funny. You guys should really train your bartenders to be able to recognize different ids. I will not be going in ever again. Don't waste your time and money here. The place is run down and dirty. I only went there because it was close to my house and I wanted to support the neighboring business.The guy was rude and not accommodating never said anything nice like hello and he insisted that we had to pack our stuff outside of the building which I was going to do anyway so he didn't have to say that and he's a total jerk and I don't think I'm gonna go to that store at all. N he was condescending to the black older worker. he was so rude  to us and not accommodating. Young  guy with glasses. Well not that young but he has no customer service skills.Worst location we have ever been to. Incompetent staff with no customer service skills at all! My wife has always liked shopping at Macy's and although we normally go to the fashion show mall we stopped by this one and spent a few hundred dollars. They forgot to remove the security device and when we came back to have it removed they treated us like thieves. Very rude! Will never shop here again.Just an awful Macys.  Inept/mean staff (one was mad we didn't want help with perfumes, and the check out couldn't take off the security tag, so we had to wait 10 minutes for help to arrive).  3 levels.  Homewares did not carry Fiesta ware, which is why we came in the first place.  Whatever!  Just thinking about this place, is still depressing.  Depressing Macys all around.Tried to return a pair of pants with the tags still on and receipt in hand. They only gave me two options - return money back to debit card or gift card for macy's. The debit card I bought it with two weeks ago was a temporary card & is no longer active. No other choice but to get the gift card. Absolutely rdiculous.The slowest people working at customer service all they do is talk. I'm first in line with a 15 minute wait. Top of list of worst shopping experience. I'm so angry right now I don't want to finish this...This is specifically for the service department at People's Mazda.I would give negative stars to these jokers if I could.While navigating through one of the countless construction areas here in town, my wife had to go over a trench plate that was laid completely accross the driveway to her office.  It turns out that the construction people had not removed the loop used to lift the plate and so it dinged against the bottom of her car's chassis.After that, her car started making a horrible screeching sound whenever the AC was turned on, so she took the car into the service department at People's Mazda to see what was going on.They reported that the entire AC compressor had to be replaced, which would run upwards of $2000!   She told them that she'll have to think about it and went back home.  They told her that they'd hang onto the part that was causing the noise, but that she needs to get it taken care of ASAP.Oddly enough, the AC was working just fine on her way home, so I decided to go to the service department myself to retrieve the part that they had removed "For her safety".  It turns out that the part they had removed was a metal shroud that covers the AC Compressor and it was just slightly dinged!  I fixed the damned thing myself by straightening out the dent with an 8 dollar mallet and it's working great to this day.I just could not believe that these shady mechanics would try to take advantage of my wife like that.

Customer service is a joke, they don't care!

i have ever had the displeasure in dealing with for the past year. they could care less  if you are inconvenienced over and over due to their stupidity and inexperience in running a successful company. their main concern is collecting your money each month! but, don't just take my word for it; cotinue reading what everyone else has to say. notice we are all stating the same things and how few positive feedback reviews there are.Do not go to this location. They have gravestones Buy two get one free. I had two that are 9.99 and one that is 17.49. They wouldn't honor their special because they were not all the same price. Douche bag at the register named Alex said it's corporate's fault. Then he tries overcharging me on two other items. Finally told him to put everything back except for the daughters costume. Would have put that back to that she not spent an hour looking through costumes to find one she likes. I will never give this place another dollar.I was parusing delivery places near me and had the misfortune of finding the farmhouse. We ordered their their 19.99 wings bread soda pizza deal and waited for it to arrive.  THe lady that showed up BARELY spoke english and screwed herself out of a tip because she literally had no change. Her loss. Took the stuff inside the house. No garlic bread and the pizza was smashed into the side of the cardboard. Naturally my 7 year old wouldn't touch it. Called them up and they said they would redeliver it. My poor kid waited as long as she could but she fell asleep, they never showed. Called them this morning and the same whiner that was manning the phones the night before (if you can call it that) answered and gave him the rundown, AGAIN. At which point pow wows were had and calls were made and after sitting for 8 minutes of cluckin and beepin the whiney one came back and said NOW THEY WOULD DELIVER IT. 12 hours later is a little above and beyond so I asked for a refund. They told me I had to go through the website. I paid cash!!!! Then I was told that I would have to come get the money. ARE YOU KIDDING?!?!?! You drove out here and took my money you can bring it back. I was recently in an accident so I don't have a car to come and get it so now I am waiting for them to redeliver a pizza that I don't even want. I WILL NEVER EVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN. Money is tight and so when I spend $25 I want what I paid for and if a company isn't grateful for the business especially when the economy is bad, I will just stick with a $5 pizza from Little Ceasars. Someone should have told them that our money is what keeps their doors open.Placed an order on GrubHub this afternoon at 2:45 and it said the food should arrive about 3:18. At 4 p.m. we called and the guy that answered said he'd call the delivery driver to find out what's going on and would call me back. He called back a couple minutes later and said our food was delivered 20 minutes ago. He verified our address and it was correct. Not sure who got our food but it definitely wasn't us. Waited an hour and a half for nothing. Horrible customer service!If I could give this place a NEGATIVE 5 star review, I would! It's been about 3 months since our last experience so we decided to give this place another chance since we had once enjoyed it so much PLUS our options are limited in our area. We ordered off their on-line menu assuming everything was accurate and if it wasn't they would contact us to explain as all good customer service driven companies do. When the order arrived it was wrong...AGAIN!!! My husband calls them and politely explains we just want it corrected. Not asking for money back or any unreasonable request beyond good customer service and to do what is right. The gal that answered (Rosie Wilson) argues with my husband the entire time telling him he is wrong and there is nothing they can or are willing to do to make it right. REALLY!? What the hell kind of business are your running!? I work as an Operations Manager and implement our customer service policies and procedures. I can tell you first hand the way this situation was handled was completely inappropriate! If someone in my company treated customers with half the disrespect we received, not only would I make it right with the customer but that employee would be fired on the spot! We didn't want anything for free (would have gladly returned the wrong pizza), we didn't ask for anything unreasonable (just want what we ordered and paid $40 for), and instead what we got was incredibly RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL treatment. I am all about second and sometimes even third chances but there is no way in hell I will EVER spend a dime at this place again and you damn sure better believe I will spread the news!!! Hey Farmhouse, if you knew ANYTHING at all about customer service you would know that if you are lucky a happy customer will share their experience with one or two people, but an UNHAPPY customer will share their experience with 10+ (usually anyone that will listen). In other words, not only did you lose our business but you have successfully lost at minimum 10 other customers on top of that. Kudos to you for digging your hole deeper...it will only be a matter of time until your doors close if you keep operating this way!This is the worst place ever! The thick crust is thin and I dint even get all my order and they argues with me and told them I can send them a snap shot of what it says. The pizza is small as everything......honestly could have went with little Caesars tasted just like theirs and it would have been cheaper and gotten more. Didn't get my sprite and the guy that dropped off the food had a young boy with him around 9 years old to translate! Never ordering from this place again!I did not have the yelp app before this, but this pizza was so bad I felt obligated to download it. The pizza took an hour and 45 mins to get here not only was it cold but wrong. The wings were cold the fry.s were soggy. Plain and simple THIS PIZZA SUCKED I'll never eat here again.They supposedly open at 12:00pm on Sundays. I called to place a carry out order at that time and no one answered the phone. I guess you don't want my money. The pizza is good and all of the other items that I've ordered are good, but if the service is bad I will NOT purchase your food. I don't care how good it is!If I could give them no stars I would the manager lady is a complete moron she acts like she can't hear you on the phone they delivered $25 worth of food did not bring our pop then they said they had to go back and get our pop didn't even offer us free breadsticks or anything for their mistake bad bad business never will order from them again I asked to speak to the manager they don't want to do anything to make up for it what type of customer service is this placeNever again. 5.99 for a 6 inch Italian sub. FYI not an Italian sub. It's a bologna sub lol. Well it has alot of cotto salami. The bread was actually good. I don't know where it is ordered from but I liked it. Just by having this sandwichI have a feeling the rest of stuff is not so good. Sorry Farmhouse I am not a fan. Sometimes people find a gem in these little hole in the wall joints. Not here. For those who did give a decent review good for you and I am glad someone enjoys Farmhouse. I believe in supporting the local small businesses. FYI I did not smell food when I walked in. That was wierd.Oh My Gosh!!! This place was soooooooo disgusting!!  First of all to pay 11+ for a 6" sub and French fries, was highway robbery.  Just sayinI have a hard time believing some of the reviews for this place.  I don't see how you could like their so called Italian even remotely good.  You must have never had a sub sandwich in your life.  On the board the sandwich ingredients included, your regular meats, ham, cappicola, salami, etc etc.   The sub I got included the following.... black forest ham (maybe?? - it honestly tasted like store bought store brand ham) and COTTO SALAMI!!! It was so thick that is all you tasted.  I will never go back and eat here.As my friend and I were waiting for our food, we thought what a great time to try a slice of pizza as their special was .99 for a slice.  We asked the girl at the counter,( who, by the way also had her two children at the counter as well....weird, yes.) for a slice and she said.... oh, we don't have any...  HUH?  It was not a good experience.... DO NOT GO HERE...IT SUCKS!!!!.  There are other places for desperation food for a lot less in walking distance than to enter here. this is one of those places that you could definitely earn the Maverick badge.... hahahaThanks for reading.I just put one star because I couldn't put a negative 10. I find it hard to believe that someone could screw a pizza up untill I ordered from farmhouse. Worst pizza I had in my life period and for the wings huh. Horrible so bad that my kids wouldn't eat them and they love hot wings that's sad. So to farmhouse after reading a couple other reviews I think you guys should quit and go out of business and do Phoenix a favor. And if your reading this deciding if you want to eat here DON'T RUN AWAY FAST BARROS IS DOWN THE STREETThis place is a disgrace!!! The managers don't know what customer service is! Never will I order their undercooked pizza, cold fries, no extra ranch and on top of it......garlic bread and a 2 liter Coke took them till the next NIGHT after 8pm to deliver since they forgot it the night before. Yes I called that night, they were to deliver. Nope. Called the next day, 9 damn hours to deliver garlic bread and a liter of Coke? I'd rather order Dominos......Worse service I've had in my life. I've ordered delivery from this place on many occasions because I really like their wings unfortunately, they would forget my ranch on the last few times. One time they delivered so late that I couldn't call and get more ranch. The second and last time I requested ranch from the driver and he said he would come back (which took over a hour). I called the store and requested new wings and to pick up the cold ones when they brought the ranch of course the delivery drive brought the ranch and no new wings. It's clear that they have caller ID because they already knew it was me when I called again and they spoke in Spanish and we're talking about me thinking I couldn't understand. Once I responded in Spanish the woman put the phone down and then a man got on the phone who claimed to be the manager and he was even more rude. They completely lost my business for good and I was ordering from them a few times a month. Pure idiots is the best way I can describe the people who run this establishment.The food was disgusting !The fries were tasteless. I don't think I ever felt more disgusted with food in my life. My cheesecake was expired! It didn't even taste like cheesecake. I swear I was fine with the calzone and fries I was like it's nasty but fuck it. But the cheesecake is expired hell no dude that's so gross! Never again!Poor service, small portions, and the red sauce they use was wayyy too salty. Prices are in the higher range. The bread  was good. That's about all that was... Basically your just paying for the name. Never going back.Poor service, over-priced and mediocre food at best. They were not accommodating to special requests such as a different pasta sauce or adding cracked red pepper to a dish. People come here for the name but leave thinking Buddy V should stick to cake instead of restaurants.HORRIBLE...I went there yesterday to celebrate my birthday.  I'm a Cake Boss fan.  I'm 100% Sicilian and thought it would be fun to try.  VERY DISAPPOINTED.. OK tell me what Italian Restaurant doesn't serve bread... you have to order garlic bread full of grease flavor garlic not even real butter flavor and smothered in melting cheese... how about some nice Italian bread you can dip in olive oil ...the Caesar salad didn't have any anchovies on it,,,, HELLO Italian eat anchovies,,, the portions were very small and just NOT GOOD.... the Lobster Claw said it was filled with Canoli filling and cream... sorry it was just straight whipped cream with baileys in it.... very disappointing.  I'm a NYer and I know what a real lobster claw is supposed to be..., I will never go there again and OMG the prices were very expensive.... 2 for lunch came to $100.00 and it wasn't good at all... Sorry Buddy... you need to get those people trained right... and get some good bread in there...I don't even know how to explain how horrible service was. After being seated, we waited about 15 minutes for our server to take drink orders! He was hardly apologetic and to make matters worse, he was so rude while I asked him a few questions about the appetizers. After 45 minutes of ordering, we finally received our food. It was okay. Not worth the bad service. I have been to many restaurants and I have never felt so uncomfortable or treated so rudely from a server, ever.We went to Buddy V's for a late lunch around 2:30. The restaurant was less than half full, plenty of seating, no wait. There were 4 of us, with two more on the way. The not so pleasant manager said they do not sit incomplete parties...are you joking, there were so many open tables!! We said we'd like to be seated to order drinks, they refused. So we waited a few minutes, went back up to the host stand asked if they really couldn't seat us with all the open tables, it seemed a little ridiculous.  Still a very rude no. We left went to another Venetian Italian restaurant, got seated right away.  Will never go back, horrible service. I understand if your busy, but they weren't, just very rude and unaccomadating.Sorry, I couldn't tell you about the food since we didn't get that far.... Buddy might make this food for his family, but not allowing them to sit until the entire party is present is rude!!  I fully understand when it is busy, but there were so many open tables it was almost alarming.    We asked both the hostess and the manager (both rude and short) if we could sit and have a drink and we were told no, but you can go to the bar and get a drink.  Since a few of us worked in the industry, we understand the policy when it is busy, but when it is not I would think a good manager would make the right decision.  We felt like Greg Focker in Meet the Parents when he wanted to board the plane. That's OK, Canaletto happily sat us (they were slammed btw) and enjoyed taking our $250 lunch tab along with the 2 additional friends who came when we were finished of our referral.This review is based truly on the service and not the food.  My husband and I ate here on 3/9/14 during Restaurant Week while visiting Las Vegas.  I would like to start off and say that we are lenient when it comes to services.  It is a very hard job and not everyone is cut out for the job and unfortunately Perry M. at Buddy V's is one of them. Our evening started out with us walking up to the hostess station around 5:15 that Sunday evening.  We asked the two ladies if we could have a window table.  They stated it was going to be about 20 to 30 minutes.  We stated no problem that we will go to the bar and have a drink to please come over and get us when the table was ready.  They stated that was fine.  We ordered two drinks at the bar and about 20 minutes later we saw two tables being cleaned at the window area.  So my husband was paying close attention and before we knew it the hostess was taking up a couple that had just arrived.  Luckily a table was being cleared up behind them so my husband had to go grab the hostess to remind her of our table.  She then remembered we were waiting and sat us down.  Point being, if my husband wasn't keeping an eye out we would have lost those window seats we were waiting on. Now on to our next adventure, we meet our waiter Perry M., he asked if we wanted water and we stated we did.  The assistant waiter came through and gave us bread and I stated thank you to him, but got no response back.  Perry then came back and got our food order.  The food came out as scheduled and was delivered by a young gentleman from the kitchen.  Our assistant waiter came by and gave us more bread and again I said Thank You with no response.  I come from the south and when someone says thank you, your response should be Your Welcome or My Pleasure.  To me this is plain rude.  Again, we are just holding our tongues in the whole situation.  My husband wanted another beer.  Ever since Perry ordered our food we never saw him again at the table to ask how everything was.  I told my husband to put the empty glass on the edge of the table maybe he will notice it and walla' he did.  My husband asked for another beer and he went on his way.  At this time our water glasses are now empty.  Well after 10 minutes still no beer has arrived at the table.  By this time the dessert has arrived and my husband and I are sharing a glass of water since we have not been refilled or asked if we wanted any.  Again, we are not saying anything.  We don't ask for much.  We know it is hectic sometimes doing this job.  We were going to let go not getting the beer, but we do like for our water to be filled up WITHOUT having to ask.  So we just asked for the bill and were just going to chalk it up to bad experience and not return.  Until our bill came, the first two charges are for the restaurant week special at 30.14 per person (which is correct).  Then two additional entrees where added and the kicker was he added the beer that never arrived.  Our total check should be in the range of 60+ change, but the total was 122.00.  So that is the point my husband lost it and grabbed the manager. The manager that night was Sean Fiori whom assisted us.  We explained everything to him expect the experience with the hostess earlier.  We explained our experience with Perry M and his assistant.  We showed him the bill and he immediately apologized and said he will fix the bill and gave us an after dinner drink to make up for not getting the beer.  We are not people to complain.  We put up with a lot from waiters/waitress, but this was awful.  We are simple people and want to be acknowledged and respected and just fill up our drinks every now and then.  Literally he orders our food and gave us the messed up bill.  That was all and wants us to tip you on this service.  Don't get me wrong.  We had no problems with the food, but the service made this experience awful.  Hopefully he gets continued training or he needs to find another profession.This was just bad. Charged us for meals we sent back and for a slice of birthday cake that we didn't want but they insisted we should get. $300 for a meal where only one dish was actually good (the chicken vodka). Went to Tao for nearly the same price and had the best sushi of my life... Buddy V's was just a waste of money.Horrible experience at this restaurant , I looked it up here on yelp and thought It  would be kid friendly . Well I Was súper wrong, my 18 month old started to cry maybe 5 min and I Was asked by the manager to take him outside if I could not control him kinda like a dog. I could not believe it !  OMG  of course I wanted to control him! It was 4:30 Pm on a Saturday, instead of making a scene I walked out of the restaurant with my baby and did not come back in. My husband paid our bill, for the meal that we weren't even able to eat because of this horrid situation.  I still can't believe it ! I felt so angry.  I don't recommend it to anyone and I  recommend that anyone with a child  Boycott it !!!!!!We had the opportunity to visit the new Buddy V's at the Venetian Las Vegas. We found the outside menu to be very interesting and the offer of happy hour irresistible!  unfortunatly, the man we met at the front desk did not share our excitement.  He acted irritated with our presence, but when asked, directed us to the upper level of the restaurant as the appropriate area for happy hour values.  after selecting a place to sit, we were accosted and told not to sit "there" as "that" isn't happy hour seating, "this" is happy hour seating.  (beware the hi top tables as they angle your drinks to the floor). Our poor waitress (April) seemed very unhappy to see us. She described a few of the beverages when asked, but after ordering "bellinis", she told us the Bellini machine was broken. When asked if the drink could be served on the rocks, she acted shocked and said it was impossible as it was made from a mix. We heard the bartender say the machine wasn't quite ready. When quizzed, the waitress said it wouldn't be ready for "hours!". We settled for the house red, and let me tell you, i do mean settled.  the transparency of the liquid lent itself more to watery cool-aid, with legs and bouquet to match. We did sample a pasta appetizer, which might have lead us to believe the food was worth putting up with the service, but a smart phone app lead us to better Venetian opportunities. Our party was met with a hostile glare as we were fleeing the establishment, and i was forced to resort to mad dogging the man(ager?) to make good our escape.greeting cold, directions sketchy, service irritated, food potential but unknown, farewell hostile.  1/2 star....was  the worst place i have eaten in vegas would never go back over priced  not good tasting  as a matter of face we  were there on a  friday night at around 930   while we were eating a bus boy started to unpack dishes  setting them on the counter i asked the waiter if they were going to wash them before use he  said he didnt know  i  made a video  of the busboy unpacking but cant up load it to yelp   not a good place to  go would never go again over priced for the  quality of food you  getLike I said about the bakery, this place symbolizes overrated businesses glamorized by the media for no justifiable reason:The spaghetti my sister ordered was extremely sour and the flavor was disgusting. One bite of it and my insides starting screaming. Mid-way through the meal, my sister needed to use the restroom.. for a while. My margherita pizza? Equivalent to the taste and thickness of a napkin. Zero flavor and toppings spread so thin, they must have evaporated upon baking.After dinner, I left it to Lisa's Nutella Cake with Salted Caramel ice cream to save Buddy V's reputation. I mean, there's no way someone can mess those flavors up - the title alone is perfect. I was wrong. Overly sweet, dense, rich - one bite was too much (and must have contained at least 75g of sugar). The ice cream had nothing salted or caramel about it. I am a huge lover of desserts - and this made me so so sad.Summary:

When I told this new dentist of my anxiety he was HONEST with me and said there may be some pain for a very short time during injections but they would do their best to distract me.

bottom line they do not care about their patients whether their patients live or die all they seem to care about is if they get the insurance money in my opinion!!This review is for the urgent care, i took my two month old baby yesterday and after waiting about two hours we finally got to see the Dr just for him to tell us he could not perform any procedure on my son (who has an ingrown toe nail) and he couldn't give me a referral to a specialty cause pediatrician had to see my son, so I tried to make an appointment and they said the closest one was on june after too many calls and talk with too many people i got an appointment at another location just for the pediatrician to give me a referral and I can't even call to make the appointments with specialist until Monday they say! This is ridiculous my son in two months old his nail is infected what are they waiting for to do something about it im definitely changing pediatrician and never coming back hereI called to make an apt today with Dr. Farmer who my insurance recommended me to (which I called to let them know of the incident that occurred as well). The receptionist (male) Shawn was INCREDIBLY RUDE and REFUSED to help. I ABSOLUTEY will NOT be seeking medical care at this facility. If the office staff answering the phone is condescending with a bad attitude, I can only imagine what the doctors are like.I went here twice for urgent care; The people at the front desk were a little rude at times but in a way it is understandable for the amount of work this company places on them. The wait of course was long, both times. I will say the actual medical staff were friendly and good.My real problem is with the BILLING DEPARTMENT; I paid my $10 co-pay for my first visit on the spot. My second visit I was never asked about the co-pay and didn't even think about it. The second visit was related to the first, the meds they gave me I had a horrible reaction to. Well fast forwards a few months later, I'm checking my credit report and find a collection from a company representing Southwest Medical Associates...collection is for $10. Not only was I never sent a invoice for this bill, they never attempted to contact me via mail or phone before sending me to collections. I think the management needs to realize that they need to make an reasonable effort to collect a debt prior to sending it to collections, which they did not. I hav medical insurance, if at anytime they would have sent me a bill or called me I would have paid the $10 without even thinking about it. This is poor business, poor customer service and borderline against the FDCPA. I will be contacting every department I know to file a complain. I wont bother contacting Southwest Medical Associates since they didn't bother contacting me. SO BEWARE watch what you owe and I guess just send them money to keep them happy even if they don't send you a bill or call you. Pathetic, I will never use them again.Besides being very slow and long wait times, if you miss a payment that really should have been insurance covered, they  quickly turn you over to Collection without notice. BE VERY CAREFUL of this company. There was no problem paying it as soon as I found out.Then when you call they are VERY rude. I was told they do not have the staff to contact people who owe on accounts. Based upon this service and the wait times in their clinics, they are VERY understaffed. It is interesting they would rather pay a collection company 40% of a bill than hire their own staff.  HMO for you. NO CARE, NO SERVICE.This is an HMO. if you can swing a PPO, do it. MUCH better care.I gave one start because the Check In girl was very friendly and professional. Now, my problem is the provider I end up seeing Dr V Reddy, who is very UNPROFESSIONAL. Not only was he confused about results, he read results from 2 yrs ago... Then when he realized it was the wrong ones, he claims he doesnt see the latest one. He told me that even though I am feeling symptoms of chest pains and shortness of breath he will not believe that I am experiencing any heart conditions because in his opinion I am too young (35) and a female. I explained to him i have a family history of heart disease and he had the gull to tell me that i am "making it up". My father had open heart surgery at mid 30's and died 54, dont tell me im making it up. This dr is a joke!!! Do NOT trust him.This review is for urgent care - specifically for Dr. Yamato. He was extremely rude and unhelpful. I left his office so upset and still feeling sick. I have been suffering severe throat issues for years now, and his advice to me was to vacuum under my bed. So ridiculous. I would not recommend this location to anyone. Avoid wasting your time and money and go somewhere else!I took my 2 year old daughter there for croup,she has a real bad cough with stridor. It was difficult for her to breathe  and was preventing her from sleep last night. Due to the weekend, her primary care Dr wasn't available, and I called the nurse advice; so they told us to go to the ER or Urgent care. I decided to take her to the Urgent Care At SMA 2704 Tenaya. I'm very disappointed, the wait wasn't bad,120 mins. But what most disappointed was Dr. Vahe Kazarian , very unprofessional, rushed  through the process, not being informative and bad bedside manner. We paid $75 for co-pay, hoping to get the care for our child, some relieve or soothing for her cough. He had an RN given her 1dose of prednisone, but my daughter throw it all up after swallowed. Then he sent us home with a handout to read what a Croup is, and nothing else to help soothe her. As a mother and a person that has faith and thought that you can trust the care of a Physician to help alleviate our distress. But I'm very disappointed and realized now it's all about business to make money. He probably over charged my insurance for the care he did less than 5 mins. Very rude doctor, no understanding of the Patient care. This is my first Yelp review and I hate to be so negative but I am very aggravated and upset. I would not recommend this place and especially Kazarian, this guy need to have his license taken away.I have had no problem with Southwest Medical urgent care in the past so the rating is for the "doctor", actually Physicians Assistant, Raymond Mathieson.  He was defensive, unwilling to answer questions and rude.  When he first came in I asked him if he was an MD or PA.  Perhaps he tried to get into med school and had to settle for being a PA. I don't know.He ordered some blood tests and came back and told me I had the flu.  He then prescribed Tamiflu.  I had had this disease for three days so I asked him if it wasn't true that one had to take Tamiflu early in the disease.  His response:  "You're just a fount of information aren't you"? RUDE!   He then told me the time to take Tamiflu is the first 72 hours.  Wrong!  When I got home I looked at the prescribing information.  It's to be taken in the first 48 hours , a time which was well passed.If you go to SMA ask to be examined by a doctor.  It might take  little longer but it will be well worth it.I went in for an X-ray last Friday and it wasn't read and sent to my doctor until today. Who takes 6 days to read an X-ray?  At Desert Radiology sometimes the X-ray report comes back the same day. I called almost everyday to see if it was done. I was nice each time and didn't even trade in on the fact that I AM A DOCTOR and they could not have been more unpleasant on the phone. Condescending, impatient, rude, you name it, I got it this week. They know because they are on the phone they can treat people however they want. Talk to me like that in person and see what happens.  I would rather pay out of pocket and go anywhere else but here. I feel sorry for people who can't afford that luxury. You guys suck.False Advertising. Flat out. If you sell "$20 for unlimited games from 7 to 11pm", then you should run games until 11pm, not start the last one at 10:20! We were done with the last game at 10:40 and actually have the open sign turned off at 10:45.Their gear is as dated as the decor. It's much heavier and not as accurate (frustratingly so). When this gear was made (likely that 90s), green diode lasers were horribly expensive. The wimpy red lasers are barely visible since they barely use any haze. (Lasers are invisible in the air unless the beam is reflected off of dust, moisture, or haze.) It just appears that they've reinvested $0 into the laser tag end of things. They have some "escape rooms" now, but I can't imagine that they're super fantastic because they double as the birthday party rooms. The Laser Quest POS computer system is an MS-DOS CGA graphic computer. The vests and blasters absolutely are not as accurate as modern gear. It took multiple shots dead in the middle of a sensor to get it to register. You'd think they'd know how to operate the gear since they haven't upgraded it since Clinton was President, but no, they do not. Our first game didn't have enough activated and getting one running for me took several minutes off the first game. Every other game last night also required the employee talking back and forth to the register to get enough of them working. I guess it's just too much hassle to have them all on at the same time. Game choice is "Everybody against everybody". I asked about teams and got a lengthy lecture about how everyone has to agree and there has to be an even number of players. It's obviously too much trouble for them to consider. If you're expecting anything the cool feature where your vest turns red if you're the leader, forget it. Completely beyond their technology. Refreshments or food? There are machines for that. The kids had fun, but the entire night just reminded me of how fantastic the Battle Blast facility near us is. Getting ripped off by the "Unlimited Games from 7pm to 10:20pm" was the icing on the "We Chose Poorly" cake.We have come to this location a few times and after our last visit tonight we will not be going again. I can overlook the chaos of hosting many families and the staffs' struggle to keep up with it - messy bathroom, broken ticket redemption machines, no ice, scary salad bar.I can't overlook their failure to keep what should be their primary mission - to offer a safe environment for our children.  When entering we received the numbered hand stamp however when it was time to leave no one was at the entrance to make sure we left in the same group we came in as.  My four year old was able to leave through the roped off area without any question from their staff as I followed him out, because no one was there!  When we turned around and brought this to the attention of the overwhelmed staff, they told me they were watching the monitor mounted above the door.  Yet, they couldn't explain how we were able to walk on through without confirmation.  Never again.I would never recommend Chuck E Cheese at 7381 Lake Mead, Las Vegas NV. I just had my son's birthday party at Chuck E Cheese and it was so disorganized. I hope that my guests did not realize it. The party hostess was friendly at first, she got our orders for the kids pizza and adult pizzas. She said, okay i have that you are having 14 kids. I looked at her with a startled expression and said, no I am having 20 kids. She looked at the plates on the table and was like "oh I guess I could of looked at all those plates". I was like, what have I got myself into. There were clearly 20 plates on the table, but she didn't have the correct information. I never saw the party hostess around until the manager saw me getting my own pitchers and I asked for more plates. I had to fill up my own pitchers after they were empty. The tables weren't cleaned off to the very end. I was surprised the cake was ready for the "Big Chuck E Cheese" show. The other "party host / hostess" seemed more attentive to their guests vs. my party hostess. I am not sure if she just didn't care or if she was overwhelmed with the 20 + kids we had. I have had my kid's birthday parties at other facilities (Child's Play, Laser Tag, Sky zone etc) and those experiences were wonderful.  The other party host at (Child's Play, Laser Tag, Sky zone, etc) were always around or if they needed to go on break there was always someone else around. Another thing was the "ticket blaster", she never explained the ticket blaster, that my son FINALLY went in. She said, oh did he already do the ticket blaster and I was like no I was waiting for you. She said, oh that (and she pointed) party host is doing the ticket blaster. By that time, I just gave up on the party host. I took my son to the other hostess who was wonderful. i always give a $50.00 tip to my party hostess/host but she received a $10.00. I don't even think she deserved that. The only thing she seemed to be on top of was handing me the bill. I would never recommend Chuck E Cheese on Lake Mead in La's Vegas.So I was there one early morning where the games where being checked and saw tickets in every game I asked someone if I could get them they said yes so I did I also had some coins I haven't used for a long time. When I go and get a printed ticket it had no paper so I seeked help, they placed new paper but didn't give my printed ticket and so I told someone else and they said did u get the tickets with bought coins? I was so upset I left with nothing.If I didn't love my kid so much, this place would not be an option. I'm afraid I might have contracted hepatitis from this place. First off, it's a Saturday night. Is it possible to schedule more than 1 person? Waited 15 minutes before anyone came to the counter to take an order for the 20 some people in line. Drink station had more garbage on it than the garbage cans. No ice on either side. Tried to ask an employee, but there were none. Waited 35 minutes for our pizza. Went to the counter and asked how much longer and this girl rolled her eyes and brought out the wrong pizza. She put it on the counter and walked away. Just walked away!!! Asked LUV the manager about the wrong order and he ordered us another pizza which I never received. I was robbed. One bright spot, almost all the games were working!!!!!Went here on a Sunday late afternoon thinking it would be better serviced. I had a party of 9 & they messed up the order. I asked for 2 extra large pizzas & they brought large. And girl charged for extra wings when I had asked for the family platter. Then when i asked for my money back the cashier refused until manager agreed with me. Salad bar was disgusting. Would've been better off going to a clean friendly service cicis. Wouldn't even rate for 1 star. Total rip off.We booked our son's 3rd birthday party here. We arrived with our party at or about 5:50 and party was at 6:00 on a Monday. We were greeted at the front and got all of our hands stamped. We were lead to our table by a host. Never seen her or spoke a word again until 6:30. Kids were all at table and finally the host came and took our order for tokens and food. She took forever to get them too. We did not get tokens until almost 7:00 and food 7:30. This was the slowest service ever. We had to ask for plates for the adults when the food came out. She was hardly at our table. We did not get done with cake until after 8:00. Our party was finally done after 9 p.m. I never had one balloon at table or crown for my son. When we were leaving I had to ask for it. After paying $159 for a small birthday package, I will NEVER come again. The manager at front was no help. They were too busy with other parties. I ordered a salad bar and people were going back to salad bar with dirty used plates and manager didn't stop them. This place has gone downhill and I will never returnerick the manager is so rude i called in for information and he straight out hung up on me. i will never ever come to this place, not worth it.Perhaps my expectations where that of my younger days at Showbiz Pizza.  What a great time was had by all back then....ahhh the memories of the Rock-a-Fire Explosion band rocking the house while we ate pretty good pizza and played lots of games.  .  Fast forward to last week and here is what you have....A staff who could care less, machines that don't work and/or out of tickets (the whole reason kids want to play them to collect tickets), a food quality that borders airline level of taste, and all of that equals 2 unhappy birthday kids and one very under impressed impressed uncle.  Wow is all I can say at how simply BAD this place is.  It was actually my birthday last week and since my niece and nephew have birthdays "close enough" we decided to celebrate all the birthdays while they were in town visiting.  The first lady we encountered at the front door stamped our hands to keep us all together (this is about the only impressive thing here other than I saw kids under 5 running out the front door with no one checking their stamp so don't let that false sense of security put your mind at ease).  We then stood in line for nearly 20 mins to give them our money (hello first rule of business...) while I watched several other employees approach the cash registers but then walk away...ONE PERSON working the registers and a line out the door (well done chuck).  What appeared to be the manager was at the front counter but was too busy talking on her walkie talkie to care that the line was so long or to bother to assist in getting everyone in and paid so the line of anxious kids could go play.  I would have walked out after seeing this for a few minutes but thought..."the kids are going to have fun right?".  Me, the cool Uncle, not only ordered the largest token pack with the pizzas but then ordered another $50 in tokens to ensure the kids would have a great time.  This ended up being a huge mistake.  Out of 6 ski ball machines (which the uncle likes to play), only 1 worked fully.  Missing balls, ticket giver broken, just simply out of order with no sign saying so...and so begins the experience.  I must have put 15 tokens into ski ball machines to realize that they were broken except one (well done chuck).  Lots of machines there are all about winning tickets.  The kids started to focus on those...guess what...out of tickets (well done chuck).  After what seemed like a very long time (was only because the games were not giving the kids the stimulus they needed...hard to when they are broken or malfunctioning) the pizzas came.  I don't want to whine about overpriced pizza at an overpriced arcade, but wow was that bad.  Overcooked, not consistent, nuff said.  After we ate a couple pieces and realized that it was not very good we went back to play in hopes the ticket fairy had filled up the machines again.....ummmm not so much.  We had not even begun to crack into the $50 token pile yet and we were done with Chuck.  I found ONE machine that was actually giving out tickets and then proceeded to dump all $50 worth of tokens into it just be done.  And thats when the next bit of fun happened.  We approached the redemption counter behind a line of people (once again, ONE person working it).  We patiently waited our turn for the your lady who was working there (do you know hard it is to keep kids still and calm when its about prize redemption) just then another employee walked up and said "Can I help you sir" only it wasn't to me...it was to a guy who had just walked to to the counter.  The lady in front of me said "excuse me but we have been waiting in line" to which this young guy in a very rude tone said "Mamn, you need to come over here" with a look of disgust on his face.  I am not a violent guy but I wanted to throw that kid out of the front door when I heard him talk that way to a customer.  We finally got our $2 worth of prizes (well the best that $80 of tokens would get) and started to head out the door. This was a Wednesday night 7/9/15 at 5:20pm when we arrived (early on not a weekend) so what happened to these places??  My niece and nephew said..."its ok uncle, lets just not go there again" to which I said "I could not agree more" and finished the night off with some DQ ice cream which was the highlight of the evening.  There are many others things we could have done on their birthdays (and mine) that would have cost much less and been much more fun.  Staff who don't care, machines that are not working, and bad food....what else can I say (you fail chuck). PS:  The Chuck E show is not even the band anymore....he's a freakin DJ now (how vegas) and even THAT was not working properly on this night.I've been celebrating my girls birthday parties @this place for 7 years now! But after tonight this will be the last!!!!! The manager by name of Shelly had no customer service what so ever. My party reservation was made with more than a week in advance,  and when I arrived 5 min before the time set, my table wasn't even ready. The food took more than an hour to be brought to my table! It was a very bad experience! The manager not once came to my table to ask if we needed something. The place wasn't even that busy...Omg not clean the bathrooms and the customer service of manager's on duty .everything was find til my daughter had to use Bathroom my surprise filthly and smelly not what I  expected from a kid friendly place right .when you tell supervisor that bathrooms are dirty  and sends someone to clean it. But when you go again it still looks the same .I frequent this particular location all the time and normally have a fabulous time with quality food.Today however I was greatly disappointed.The debt system was down which for some reason delayed us even placing our order for 15min. even though we were not using a debit card. The "manager" couldn't figure out how to start up the register so we had to wait for Chuck E. to give away free tix before we could order and the counter work returned to her post.After paying for the buffet we noticed the salad was wilted with brown edges. There was no ranch dressing and the pizza's looked old. The ice machine was empty and the paper towels the restroom were also empty.We were here for 2hrs and only once noticed fresh pizza being put out with the old pizza still  sitting there grossing everyone out. Several people were complaining yet still no fresh food. At 2:30 we demanded fresh pizza be put out or a refund. . .2:50 three pizza's were put out and quickly consumed.This was the worst experience EVER.Shame on the manager of this location today that was clearly off game.

The owner is rude- my work was not done on time- I was yelled at and accused of having an expensive handbag- she ordered me to pay in advance- I think she is a nut- she did not call me to tel lme my dress would not be ready- it wa a special occasion.stay awayOne of the worst customer services experiences ever. Not only was the woman rude to me but she charged my credit card twice for the same poor service. Anywhere is better than hereToo many dogs, not enough supervision! This is a beautiful dog resort, but it is a new property that is trying to build a business at the expense of animal safety. One attendant in a yard of 20 plus dogs who are all running after the same toy does not make for a safe environment. I loved the cage free environment and atmosphere, but after being there two hours my dog required medical attention after being bitten by another dog on premises.  I was shocked to learn (from the owner) that the dog that bit my dog had "nipped" two or three men who were doing construction work on site and "nipped" her dog. I do not feel that a dog exhibiting aggression should be permitted in this type environment. The vet attending to my dog confirmed that my dog was walking away and not involved in an altercation. She said that since the bite was to the back leg/groin area it was apparent that she was attacked while walking away. There was a new attendant in the yard and too many dogs for her to have control.A very unfortunate situation, but since the dog who bit my dog is still allowed to stay there on a regular basis I felt it necessary to write this review.  I do not want another pet to be injured.Just beware. I used to take my dog there. She was attacked. Not enough supervision. Karen was blaming my dog and made me feel so bad. She did pay half the vet bill in a somewhat timely manner. Wish things would have worked out because it is a great concept. Same experience happened to my friend Kim and her dog.The owner is nice but way too many dogs for the space and the rest of the staff is clueless. Matter of fact over heard the owner Karen tell another dog owner not to bring there dog on a certain day of the week because the staff member that works either  on Saturday or Sundays is not the best at handling certain dogs. They are also twice as expensive as most places and there fee was always different depending who was at the front desk at the time.Petsmart is a better option and half the cost.After having my dogs stay here on five separate occasions, and after our last experience, I feel compelled to warn everyone to avoid using Always Unleashed. Brian is a great manager, and we really wished that his level of customer service was present in the rest of the business. Karen is one of the most abrasive and unprofessional people I have ever met. During our second time of using the service she literally argued with my wife over a billing dispute, in which Karen was in the wrong, to the point of making my wife cry. This was the day after our wedding, mind you. When confronted by me Karen denied everything, which demonstrates how shallow a human being she is and how delusional she acts as a better-than-the-customer "owner". I just picked up my very stressed out dogs who were literally drenched. When the dogs were given to us, by a 12 year old worker which in of itself was odd, she indicated that my dog just had a panic attack and gave a short apology. Completely unbelievable. My Boston came back with a belly full of marks and with crusty seemingly infected eyes. (See picture.)  I would expect that either when I was away I would have been alerted to such a development or at least have been made aware about this when we picked her up. Not only do you not receive any sort of exit report, but their streaming cameras have not been working. [Edit: They haven't been working on phone browsers, which when you are away and traveling could be extremely useful.] I think this says a lot about how transparent they are and how little personal attention they apply. In short, do not trust these people with your dogs. Follow up to Karen's response: Just to get the facts straight, the Living Social coupon that Karen is referring to was actually a Groupon that clearly stated one coupon per person, not per household. One was for my dog, and one was for my wife's dog. Karen verbally assaulted my wife asking how it was possible that she purchased two coupons. I purchased one coupon, and my wife purchased the other. My wife asked why Karen was being so mean to her, again, the day after we just got married. When I called Karen to discuss the matter she played it off that it was a mistake in the Groupon and that my wife just had a "misunderstanding." When my wife was crying as she left the store, was that also part of the misunderstanding? I would also like to point out that there weren't any other customers in the room when my wife asked if Karen was f-ing kidding with the way she was acting. Karen would like to slander my wife's character in an effort to prove her point, which again demonstrates how shallow of a human being she is and how awful she is as a manager.  To be clear, we never apologized to Karen. When I called to complain about the initial encounter to Brian, he apologized to us and indicated that both coupons would be honored, and we decided to utilize the second coupon during our pets last stay. When Karen attempted to start an argument with me regarding redeeming the coupon I repeatedly told her to call Brian, which she refused to do. To her credit, she did honor the coupon, but not without providing me with the abrasive response that she did. But again, Karen sets the facts aside and wants to present things as she sees them.      The "wet dog thing" is actually a picture of hives that developed all over my pet during her last stay. My pet required a steroid shot and now is on medicine to clear things up. NOTE: I am glad Karen now acknowledges there is a rash, but denies her service was responsible!  But who are you going to believe, Karen or your lying eyes?You can believe Karen or you can believe the person who has clearly articulated his concerns with the quality of service received by Always Unleashed.2nd Response: Maybe you should take the advice of some of the negative reviews and actually talk to your manager Brian. Since you still refuse to provide the actual facts, let me just lay them out for you.   For the record, my wife and I purchased two $50 Groupons (bar codes 2435-8710 and 0801-9536). The first Groupon was utilized on May 19th, at which point you threw a fit and yelled at my wife, the second was just utilized on July 21st in which you refused to honor what Brian had to agreed to to settle this matter. Additionally, we paid for the temperament test, and paid the full rate June 15th for day time services and June 29th for day time services. At no other point did we utilize coupons, Living Social deals or any other sort of discount programs, so stop trying to mis-characterize me or my wife. 3rd Response: Not your resort? THE PICTURE IS FROM THE DAY WE PICKED HER UP. She was FILTHY and SCRATCHING HERSELF when we got her. Did you leaver her outside during the monsoon?! If she was covered in filth, did you think not to clean her? You were negligent to the care of my dog and it cost me $68. We have paid full freight on more than one occasion you slanderous liar. BEWARE11.26 Update: I would point out that Karen is updating her responses to my complaints after she just received another complaint about vet bills from Yelper Sue P. If you want to gamble with your pets health, take them here. If not, look elsewhere.    Prior updates: If your facility is wall to wall artificial turf, and since my dogs came home covered in filth/mud, you have admitted to leaving my dogs outside during the monsoon. Did you know that dust is a significant trigger for allergies? That ties out what happened to my dogs during their stay at your facility.    Karen has more than proven my point regarding her lack of professionalism. In addition to her updates, Karen contacted my wife and I directly with the following two emails:07/24/13 at 11:29 AM: "Your dogs were never stressed and because they you alls as their parents they can't come back Well miss them though they are wonderful"07/24/13 at 2:49 PM: "Crazy they weren't stressed!  As I said I really do wish you well, we just don't get along.  I'm sorry I rubbed you the wrong way and vise versa  I'm not, nor is Always Unleased for everyone, my apologies.  Best of luck." In addition to slandering my wife and I, Karen has now identified us by name on the Yelp platform, which not only demonstrates your her of professional, but I believe is a violation of the TOS of Yelp (which I have made them aware of).  There was never a third coupon, as Karen continues to lie about. I have provided full verification of what actually transpired here, including the actual Groupon numbers, which were purchased.  So long as Karen continues to lie, I will continue to present the truth. At the end of the day, fellow Yelpers, you need to decide if this is the type of person you want to trust with your pets.Note: The actual fine print that this pathological liar refuses to acknowledge: "Limit 1 per person, may buy 1 additional as gift."We LOVED the "concept" of this facility but after spending over $830 in two separate stays (August 2013 & Sept 2013) I ended up spending $973.87 in vet bills.  Both times when picking up our dog she got sick while staying in this facility; first time with upper respiratory infection and second time with kennel cough AND giardia!  I called Karen both times to speak her about it and she acknowledged several other dogs were sick as well.On the second stay we were told our dog was put in a separate area by herself because her new employees couldn't handle her.  (She wasn't an issue the first 2 week stay)  Karen told me a new dog (Pitbull) was allowed in even after her own dog circled the Pit (meaning it alerted her there might be an issue).  When we got her home we noticed a HUGE scab on her neck and looked like a bite on her ear.  It was swollen and had a little tear....but it was OUR dog that was removed??All in all I loved the concept but I think it's dangerous having 50+ dogs in one environment.  We have since found dogvacay.com where individuals take your pet into their home.  Just got back from a 2 week vacation and no issues when getting our dog back.  Healthy as a horse!  This caretaker had 2 of her own dogs and had a couple other overnight dogs and also does dog daycare so Bella met several other dogs during her stay without any incident.

Now, let me preface this by saying that I was a manager in the food industry and my husband worked at McDonalds in high school. We have never seen a restaurant, let alone a McDonalds, that was this nasty. If the fly infestation was that bad in the bathrooms without resolve, can you imagine what is going on in the food prep/kitchen area?!My husband immediately called corporate, and the representative was very helpful and sympathetic. I will also give due props to the regional office, because they did send us an apology letter and vouchers for free meals (though it is not very helpful since we aren't from the area), so I am happy with the corporate response. Futhermore, I know that this particular McDonalds IS NOT representative of McDonalds as a corporation whatsoever, but it does make me think twice about utilizing drive-thrus. This location should be ashamed. I don't know how health inspections work in North Carolina, but I do assist in health inspections in Michigan, and if I saw that kind of infestation locally, I would shut this place down!Ok, I was wrong. Went back and the girl who was working in the drive thru was beyond rude. Won't be back.Slow. Slow. Slow.And RUDE. They need to get someone bilingual in there instead of being rude to people who don't speak English well but saying "I DON;T UNDERSTAND YOU, SOME BACK WITH SOMEONE WHO SPEAKS ENGLISH."A bunch of worthless people with attitudes that I nearly in shock when I meet someone nice.Worst experience at a dmv. 31/2 hours to get drivers license. Staff was rude and had no idea what was going on. No changing table in restroom.Treated poorly by an employee after he smashed my hand between my seat and the basketball hoop he loaded into my SUV.  Instead of making sure I was ok, he sarcastically said "your welcome" before I had the opportunity to say thank you.  Felt incredibly disrespected after spending $400 at this store. Will never go back in fear I will see this disgruntled employee again.The system they have is outdated and need something tangible to scan into their system; they don't input information.  They refused me because I didn't have my medical cards because I'm waiting for them in the mail.  I had all the information they needed that would be on my medical card; I even had a customer service lady confirm that I did have insurance, but because I don't have a piece of paper I can't see a doctor!  The medical assistant wasn't helpful and was rude.  Just because you haven't heard of Coventry Health Care doesn't mean that I'm lying to you.I had something in my eye on a Sunday so I went here.  Dr Kyle was unable to remove it so he gave me pain medicine and referred me to an ophthalmologist the next day.  The ophthalmologist removed a metal rust ring.  I won't go back to St Rose because they billed me $95 for the office visit and and $61 for removal of foreign object (he didn't remove anything).  I called and told them I didn't think it fair to charge me for the removal when I had to also pay an ophthalmologist to remove it.  The said that Dr Kyle had notes that he had removed something and that I would have to pay the bill.  I feel I should have only had to pay for the office visit.Beware of this facility. I don't normally write reviews, but I felt it was important to write one this time so others can avoid what I went through. In short, I was misdiagnosed by Dr. Kyle. He then prescribed medication to me that actually made my condition worsen. I had to seek treatment from another doctor at another facility to clear up the issue. Dr. Kyle seems unqualified to me, and I don't make this statement lightly. I asked him three times if he would check the results of my test and all three times he flatly refused to do so saying "Tell me your symptoms. I can determine from there." I trusted him, which is something I wished I hadn't done, and I ended up worse off than when I'd walked through the door. When I explained the issue to the office manager, Traci, she said they would still be billing me and my insurance. In my opinion, Dr. Kyle and this facility offers dangerously poor medical care.Beware of this doctor. I don't normally write reviews, but I felt it was important to write one this time so others can avoid what I went through. In short, I was misdiagnosed by Dr. Kyle. He then prescribed medication to me that actually made my condition worsen. I had to seek treatment from another doctor at another facility to clear up the issue. Dr. Kyle seems unqualified to me, and I don't make this statement lightly. I asked him three times if he would check the results of my test and all three times he flatly refused to do so saying "Tell me your symptoms. I can determine from there." I trusted him, which is something I wished I hadn't done, and I ended up worse off than when I'd walked through the door. He is still billing me, even though I explained to him the issues I faced. In my opinion, Dr. Kyle offers dangerously poor medical care.HURRICANE KATRINA. I actually had such a bad experience here that I created a Yelp account to rate this provider. If I could give negative stars I would. I will never return to this office again. The office is nice and clean but that is where it ends. The staff member Katrina is awful and abrasive. I don't know if that is her nature or if she was having a bad day but regardless she should not treat patients in the manner she did. It is unfortunate because the front desk staff member, nurse and doctor were all nice. BEWARE!I would not recommend this facility.  I was never clearly diagnosed and was given antibiotics twice. However, the doctor is nice and helpful, his staff is rude. I called to ask for my prescription to be called into the pharmacy or sent electronically and I was questioned by the "office manager" Katrina as to "why I couldn't take it myself." I am sick, I am the patient. I don't feel as though that was appropriate. She also mentioned that its been 12 hours since I received the hard copy. Yes, I am aware. Again, I don't think that matters. I am sick and would prefer not to wait in a crowded pharmacy for an hour. It's 2014, it's standard to send Rx electronically! I have been sick for 4weeks now and clearly the " patient comes first" mentality is not practiced here and I was denied of my prescription being sent because of " the recent events of our phone calls" when I supposedly hung up on "the office manager." Which is impossible considering she hung up first.. Great quality patient care! I suggest you save your time and go to a different facility...Came by today and they are Closed!  Permanently closed since the end of October per the sign on the door.  Bummed because they were so convenient and my primary care physician is never available.I have wanted a prettier smile all my life. I went to them thinking this was going to happen. The story is long, but suffice it to say, They became less and less interested in helping me near the end of my plan. They actually kept and disposed of my lower tray in a visit. And before my new trays came in, because of not having my current tray, my teeth quickly went back to their original position. I would never, never recommend anyone to them. They are all about collecting the money! Shame on you!Was on a business trip in Phoneix and decided I wanted some Paki food. After reading some reviews I decided on Khyber Halal. Since I was from out of town I decided to give them a call and confirm there hours, I was told last order is an hour before the restaurant closes. Me and three of my coworkers grabbed a cab and headed over there. We arrived an hour and ten minutes before closing, as we headed to a table the cashier, Abudallah told us take out only. We mentioned to him that we called and they said as long as we come an hour before closing we would be served. He repeated take out only, we told him we were from out of town and didn't have a place to take them. He told us that was what the manager had told him, we asked to see the manager, he told us that the manager wasn't available. At this point he said we are out of food, and pretty much told us to get the F out. Couldn't believe it, ended up spending $40 in cabs without getting anything to eat. We ended at Curry Corner(Tempe), with better service.After reading all the great review on yelp was utterly disappointed. Definately not an Indian or Pakistani restaurant. Food is bland.

EVER!Literally THE worst apartment complex I have ever stayed in and I've been here for under a month.  Do NOT rent from them unless you appreciate no sleep and loud noises 24/7. Literally better off throwing a thousand dollars out the window every month. I started off on a bottom floor and asked to move apts because of loud noises and was assured my new 3rd floor apartment would be very quiet....NOT. I was moved in front of the light rail where it can be heard night long as well as every noise from the bars all night long. Not to mention every single noise your neighbor/person above you makes sounds like they're in the room with you. Very, VERY, VERY poor engineered building and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I've moved my bedroom to my closet. Only way I can get any sleep. It's absolutely pathetic. That's all.Tried to go and sign up today during their staffed hours.  The hours on their website do not match the hours posted on the door, though when I was there it should have been staffed according to either schedule.  Rang the doorbell 3x over a course of 6-7 minutes and nothing - no signs saying staff was unavailable or anything else.  Obviously not interested in new members.  Went to another traditional gym one mile away and was signed up effortlessly, no fees and only $8/month more than Anytime.Asked for a simple substitution which every other maddness has done (some free some for charge). Not only did they refuse, girl at counter was pissy on the phone as well as pick up. Poor customer service is an understatement.Worst customer service ever! I drove across town after placing an order & the girl repeated order back to me. I got there & she over charged me & then told me I'd have to wait for my food that came up because they were making me a different 1 with less. She was Completely rude & embarrassed the cashier that completely understood me. I left without my food & will not come back again.Had take out from here tonight. Terrible experience. Wait time was so freaking long. Tons of customers came in after me and left before me. Staff didn't care. 8 people working in the back no one even acknowledged that I've been waiting forever. Then asked what's taking so long they said, "oh your order is next". What!?! I've been here for 30 minutes! People have come and gone long after me and I'm still next!?!Anyways, of course the food was cold. I only live 4 minutes alway. This place sucks. I guess you can say they left a bad taste in my mouth.We visited this location for lunch, keep in mind most places of employment only allow one hour for lunch. As we entered this teriyaki madness location we were greeted by the owner Randy, Randy took our order, and assured us it would be just a few minutes, I ordered a spicy chicken bowl with noodles only, which would mean no vegetables. Randy asked if I wanted vegetables I simply said no thank you. We waited patiently for our meal, however, when they brought our meals to us, my girlfriends order was correct, however my lunch was spicy chicken teriyaki bowl with noodles and vegetables. I simply explained to the girl, that was incorrect all I wanted was a spicy teriyaki chicken bowl with noodles only. She grabbed  the bowl off the table never said a word and walk back into the kitchen. We waited for anywhere between 6 to 8 minutes later, and I still had no lunch insight. So I approach the counter once again, and asked Randy for the telephone number to the store because I would like to speak to the manager, at this point I wasn't sure if they were making a new lunch or what? Randy said to me, well what is it that you need with the store manager because I'm the owner? I answered I just want my lunch, he said what what's wrong with your lunch, I replied I ordered a spicy teriyaki chicken bowl with noodles only, he said no you didn't, you ordered vegetables. I said no sir i ordered noodles only no vegetables no meaning none. He turned around and looked at the kitchen and said well didn't they make you a new one they should be making you a new one it's coming right up what is the problem? And I said the problem is by now my girlfriend is halfway done with her lunch by the time I received my lunch it'll be time to go back to work and I won't even get to eat lunch. and he said to me, well it a only be a minute, it should have only taking a minute to make you a new one so what is the problem? I didn't feel like arguing with this guy that it is now been an additional 10 minutes plus since I've been waiting for them to remake a new lunch, keep in mind I've now been waiting 20 plus minutes just for my order. It seemed like Randy could care less about anybody else's time and it was almost a privilege to step through the front door of his restaurant, he was very disrespectful with his attitude and his tone along with his comments. as my order finally came to the window he handed it to me and with this smart tome to his voice said, see. Now have a nice day. As I walked away from the counter I look back to see Randy motioning in my direction laughing with the next customer in line as if it was a giant joke and rolling his eyes at me. I don't think making a joke or talking about a customer behind their back and being disrespectful towards them is very funny. As I left the restaurant it angered me once again because I was not able to eat my entire lunch due to time restraints. I felt somebody else above him should know about his actions his comments, and his disrespect and his attitude towards customers, so I approach the counter one last time, and please keep in mind I just did not want any more conflict with this guy I tried to take the upper road one last time. So I asked the girl behind the counter to make sure his name was Randy, he interrupts the customer that is standing in front of him to look at me and say look buddy what did you want me to do give you a free bowl or something?! I replied to him, No, actually a little less attitude a little respect and a simple apology would have gone a long way. And he said well the girl told me you acted as if you are mad at her, I replied no I simply told her it was the wrong order and I would like the correct order that's all. Keep in mind this is all taking place while he is in the middle of taking an order he actually took the time away from another customer to engage myself?? Then with another smart aleck tone and with the flick of his hand as if to say,get out of my store he says well I apologize! And then asks how's that? And I said, had it been genuine I would probably accept it. He says to me oh well have a nice day! Treating customers like this and acting like Captain Jack Ass, is completely ridiculous. He will treat enough customers like this and eventually he won't be able to make his payment to the teriyaki madness franchise. So I warn you, this guy Randy, number one, definitely feels like it is a privilege for you to walk through the door, number two, your time is definitely not important, it's his time and his time only that means anything. Number 3, if you feel like being disrespected and treated like a moron and being spoke to with an attitude, go there and see Randy.I eat here all the time food is always excellent. But to show up 30 minutes before closing and be told your 'out of food' is a load of BS! It just amounts to being Sunday and they want to go home early. Guess I'll find somewhere else to eat for now on that won't tell me their 'out of food' a half hour before closing.My husband and I have always enjoyed eating at Teriyaki Madness, but this location brings shame to the name! I always get the teriyaki chicken plate with mac salad on the side, and I have to say that I was very disappointed with what I got this time. I can honestly say that my chicken was undercooked and the pasta was a little hard to chew. Yes I ate it only because I was starving. I'll never return to this location ever again! And I better not get sick from eating their food or else...Arrived late on a Thursday evening around 9:00 to grab appetizers and drinks with some friends. Quickly realized that the wait staff was not happy to see us.We grabbed a bar table and waited about ten minutes until someone finally walked

Over the pie

The first beer we ordered was not available (San Tan Epicenter). The Mac & Cheese was only good if you ate the warmer part on the inside, because the outside was cold and hard as if it had been sitting for quite a while. Took a long time to initially get a waiter to our table and was very slow to return each time. The bread that came out with the Mac & Cheese was literally burnt black. The waitress offered to bring out non-burnt bread but never actually brought any out. We were never asked how our meals were. As a place to dine, I would not return here and recommend anyone else against considering eating here. I would however consider returning here if I wanted to drink beers and watch a game, which may yield a different experience.I really wanted to like this place.  My wife and I both had burgers.  To quote the old Wendy's commercial; "Where's the beef??"  The bun was 3-4 times larger than the burger!  It was like they put a slider on a full-size hamburger bun.  What a rip-off.  Extremely disappointing.  Needless to say, we won't be going back.The family and I along with a couple friends decided to try this place for a little variety. The experience was less than stellar. If I could give no stars I would. The Bad: Kids both wanted a cream soda (bottled) and when the waitress came back she informed us there was only one bottle left...really? It's soda for crying out loud. I decided to order a Kiltlifter (some special edition) and again....OUT! Now I'm slightly annoyed...Friday night, full house and by the way...also informed the kitchen is about 25 minutes "behind" so if we wanted to order an appetizer it would be best to put it in with our dinner order. Ok, whatever...we decided to order nachos. Nacho's came out STONE COLD, sent them back as they were inedible. The manager then came over (he was very nice, apologetic and again telling us the kitchen was "behind") apologized, offered to "buy us a round" (that didn't happen by the way even though we ordered a couple more rounds in the 2.5 hours we were there) and wanted to make sure we were "happy". Out comes nacho plate number 2, by the manager stating they were "fresh out of the oven". Not so much, again...STONE COLD ON cold plate. Ugh...didn't bother sending them back as it clearly was not going to do any good. So finally out comes dinner...everyone had yes you guessed it...cold food. By this time we just wanted to leave. So along comes the waitress, who is clearly annoyed and drops off the check....nachos included. Now one would think that if the manager came over, offered a round of drinks and apologized profusely about cold food and slow kitchen service that the nachos would have never made it to the bill. Needless to say we just paid and left...and will never return. Robert Irvine would be having a field day in this place! Total bill for a family of 4 for cold food and a couple beers: $78 (that included my barely deserved 15% tip (normally I go 20% all the way...not this time)The Good: 1. Apologetic manager that seemed sincere, but clearly didn't follow through with any amount of customer service. 2. At least the beer was cold.Save your money as there are plenty of other beer/sports bars with much better service and hot food. Can't believe this place had a full house!Holy cow...I really wanted to like this place, but the overall experience was bad. The food came out at room temperature/cold. The service took FOREVER! Our server kept telling us it would be out in a few seconds (both drinks and food).  A few seconds turned out to be well over 30 minutes. I guess the bar was backed up and the bartender couldn't get to our drinks in a reasonable amount of time (iced tea, vanilla beer in a bottle and the cappuccino stout on tap). There was another booth next to us that hadn't even been greeted by their server...they were completely forgotten!  With all the options of bars/restaurants in the area, I doubt we'll be back.I don't usually create reviews, but...  Had lunch here for the first time and it was terrible.  Asked for the burger to be cooked medium and received a well done burger.  Tastes like rubber.  Received our appetizer within 20 mins and the meal within 2 mins after the appetizer.  Had to send back the appetizer.  The waiter mixed up our meal with the other tables meal.  I overheard her send back the sandwich we ordered.  This place is not busy and there is no excuse for it.  I am disappointed and will not return.  I'm sure their doors will close if they don't change their business.Raw chicken wings..........lousy Food all together, and yes i gave it three tries. Good beer menu but do not eat here. you were warned people.HZI've been to hob twice. Once a couple months ago months ago we went with a huge party and my order never came out after a hour I had to go to work. Well I was walking out the door and my food came out. I told them to keep it.I just left hob a hour ago decided on giving it another try. It was busy. Service was slow but it shouldn't take 40 minutes to put in our order and another 30 minutes for wings and nachos to come out. The nachos were dry like hey been sitting under the heater and the wing were cold on the outside and warm in the middle. Our server never came back to see us or how our food was. If you like sitting around waiting for cold food this is your place.Wow...this place has really gone down. New menu and chef...very sad. Meat pie was burnt on top raw, on bottom, liquids in middle.  Very disappointed. We won't be back.This place was sooo good at one time...then they went and changed their menu. With the new management, changed menu and HORRIBLE service this place is no longer worth the drive. We live a half a mile away, just to give you an idea...The only reason we gave one star is because Yelp does not allow zero. When we first walked in, the hostess was very rude because we were meeting people who were already seated in the bar area, and she wanted us to wait to be seated even after we explained that they had already saved our seats. Later on a few others wanted to join us, but when we attempted to push 2 empty tables together she came over to reprimand us for how the tables were arranged. Then, to add insult to injury, the chef came out of the kitchen area and told us to move the tables back because, and I quote, "You don't want to piss off the chef". The place wasn't even busy! I ordered the meat pie which was ice-cold in the middle, and for obvious reasons I did not trust sending it back to be reheated, well, because, "the chef does not want to be pissed off!" The server never asked how the food was nor did he notice that I wasn't eating, so I made a point to let him know that the pie was cold. He took it back and the aforementioned chef allegedly took the temperature and said that I should have eaten it because it was at the proper temp. This is impossible, since it was cold to begin with and had been sitting for an additional 20 minutes. Also worth mentioning: the men's room was filthy, giving me reason to believe the kitchen may also be filthy! Needless to say, we will never be back.Came in service was horrible, asked a very simple question do you guys have a happy hour menu and was told "I don't know I can ask" by the hostess my wife and I were looking for a new place this will not be it!I've come here several times for decent beer selection. Tonight though, there was the smell of sewer that is overwhelming throughout the entire restaurant. We got one beer and decided to relocate somewhere else. Just a heads up on that stench.Food was average at best. $11 for a Mac n cheese and $13 for a steak sandwich.

But it seems like all the kfc's have issues in customer ratings around here? I know it's not a high paying career but shouldn't it be expected to get what you ordered?I  ordered 10 pieces of kentucky grilled chicken. They ran out of them and they advised me to wait 20 minutes. After i got my order, i went home and realized that my grilled were still not fully cooked. There was blood everywhere in the bucket..i dont know what wrong with this place. I will never come back to this store.I love KFC, but when its my third try in under two weeks to get grilled chicken and they are always out, it starts to tell you to go somewhere else to eat. I was very understanding the first time, a little less the 2nd, but seriously 3 times! Thats ridiculous! And not even an offer to make more. Not once, they just say sorry we only have 1 piece, or we don't have any prepared.This is a good place to sale your clothes if your willing to endure the always rude and disrespectful employees. And as far as shopping goes I'd stay away. Although the store is huge it's filled with over priced trash.My puppy was bit through a gate by another dog at this facility. Owner said my dog didn't deserve what happened to him. Owner did pay full initial vet bill however, he said the dog who bit my puppy is allowed to stay and be boarded at their facility. 4 stitches, mauled head, antibiotics , shots and additional vet follow ups for my pup but the other dog who bites remains in Paradise. I will not be taking my puppy back.Have ordered from here for the past 2 years and it's always inconsistent and not the quality of Domino's in other locations. Occasionally it's bad enough to warrant money back and then I don't order again for a long time. It shouldn't be this way. To be specific the pasta bowl is so empty that it seems as though you are just ordering the bread bowl portion and it is the only thing that fills you up. The pasta ranges from no sauce to nothing but sauce. Used to be my favorite thing to order back home in WA and l loved it every time. Not here.My Last order, Hand Tossed, Pan Pizza, over cooked, not cheesy or any good, the cinnamon sticks  burnt and crunchy, not worth eating. I called and the manager said she could not credit us that they were really busy and the next order is free. I am so sick of having to pay for something that isn't even mediocre and knowing that I have to order again to try and make it worth it when the chances of the food being bad as it has for the last 2 years is pretty good.With Papa John's and Little Caesar's nearby, there's no reason to pay more for lower quality Domino's Pizza.  I made the mistake of trying and internet promotion and wish I'd spent my money elsewhere.  Carry-out prep time was fast, but I would have enjoyed a Little Caesar's Hot-n-Ready a lot more.It's been a long time since I've ordered Domino's - previous experiences were never good, and this was my first time trying this location. I can't drive due to a sprained ankle and the fridge is empty, so I figured I'd give their sandwiches a try - I figured, how badly could they mess up a sandwich? Today I learned. This was a complete waste of money. Please, if you're reading the reviews, don't think that maybe you'll have a better experience and I just got unlucky. I wish I'd read the other reviews. The delivery confirmation said it would be about 15-25 minutes for my sandwich and the specialty chicken. In reality, my food was over an hour late. After it finished cooking it sat around for more than half an hour before going out on delivery, another 20 minutes. So I received it 50 minutes after cooking, and it's definitely evident. I could have excused being late if it took a long time before it was put IN the oven, but for it to sit around afterwards is just awful. I should have known when I was handed the boxes and they were luke-warm that this was going to be bad. The cheese on the greasy sandwich has congealed, as has the sauce on the burned chicken. Also, on each side of the sandwich there were three pieces of sliced ham no bigger than a quarter, really? This sandwich is flatter than most paninis! Where's the meat?!  And the chicken. The breading is soggy, and it tastes worse than the cheap frozen chicken you can get at a grocery store. I ate one piece of the chicken before throwing it away, it was literally inedible. I had a couple bites of the sandwich and now my stomach is turning and I feel queasy. At least I'm not hungry anymore - this turned my appetite right off.Edit - I just threw up. Since I haven't eaten anything else today, this is definitely from the Domino's. :(Wish I could give a good review. I love Monkees of the Village in W-S and Monkees of Blowing Rock but my goodness, nothing feels worse than going into a store and not being recognized. There was not one else in the store and the two women working there did not greet me, offer to help or anything. Super unfortunate because the other review is awesome. Being someone who worked in retail, this was not impressive. I'll stick to my other Monkees locations :)Walked in on Saturday to treat my brother out for a massage on his birthday. It was all booked. So scheduled 2 for Monday at 8pm. I called in Sunday and schedule for 3 at 8pm instead, it was confirmed. (Bringing in business) Came to the shop the time and day of my appt and it was closed!!? It says from 10am-10pm everyday.. At least a call or something to let me know they were going to close early and reschedule. Wasted our time and gas.A disappointment. I felt like I was rushed through my experience. Didn't listen when I expressed the areas that hurt. To make it worse when I was going to leave with told I had to pay a 24 percent tip! I've never been to a place where I was told what to tip a person. Don't waste your moneyThe massage service was ok but the whole place seems a bit shady.  I was there in two weeks ago and one of the ladies gave my sunglasses to another patron.  After my massage I discovered and the guy at the front desk said he would call the guy.  I gave him a week and did not receive a response.  I went in 8 days after incident and had to argue with the guy just to get about 80% refunded.  This was after he tried offering me free massage to compensate.   Dishonest and lacking character.  I would no go again.I went there 4 times and only one time I feel I got a massage.about the Tips - need to be ready to tip 40% and more no matter you like it or not. ):Words can't describe the treatment I received.  The owners girlfriend is the bartender and is so rude. I was treated with disrespect and called a bitch as I walked out the door. All because I asked for a drink.My suggestion for the owner is this:

The owner/manager of this location does not honor military service and personal sacrifice enough to warrant a discount. The good news is there are many other Chipotles in town that do. I would suggest boycotting this location until they decide to respect the men and women who have lost parts of themselves in unjust wars.Very disappointed. I lived in Morocco for some time and have been craving good, authentic Moroccan food. With high hopes and good reviews, I finally went to this place. Aside from the fact that what we wanted was ignored, the food did not taste good. Everything in my couscous tasted overbearingly of bad tomatoes. What I ordered shouldn't have even had tomatoes. The couscous was clearly not made authentically either. I guess I'll continue my search for real Moroccan food...Whoever "HIBS" is bought this studio suddenly and now will not refund the unused portion of my pre-paid card for classes at Yoga Unlimited. Their website explains this as "heated to 80-85 degrees" which they claim is necessary to warm up your body (though all my previous teachers explain that this what the ujjayi breath is for). When i told the new owner I do not like heated yoga they responded, "this isn't heated yoga" - So are you lying on your website or to me directly? Either way i didn't dig the vibe as she said it was just business. No Namaste here apparently. Oddly, "HIBS" stands for "Holistic integration of body and soul" - My understanding from a few years of practice is that yoga inherently IS the holistic integration of body, mind and soul - so in naming this place "HIBS" they are essentially calling it, "Yoga Yoga" but without the integration of mind.  It's too bad they decided to leave the mind out of their process - they may have realized the benefit of taking care of customers of the previous studio and probably wouldn't have ended up with such a silly name.If you like studios that use goofy marketing ploys and lie to you to get yo in the door, this is your studio.Not impressed.  I've been doing Yoga for awhile. I am not a total Yogi but I do enjoy it very much.  It helps me relax my thoughts and stretch my muscles.  I signed up for 1 month unlimited at HIBS Yoga, which not that I knew of,  was changed from Yoga Unlimited to this place.  Must be new owners.   You have to schedule your yoga classes online and supposedly they offer a free class to learn about what HIBS yoga is and what it is all about.  I  tried signing up for the free class a couple of times and the website said I was not eligible to take the class. I still have no idea what this type of yoga really is.   Also, if you like being touched and corrected on every pose you do, this place is right up your alley.  I personally don't like being touched or corrected when I'm doing the poses the way it feels good to me.  Especially when coming off of an injury and having a little hiatus.  Her assistants are constantly watching every move you make and are right there to correct you without asking you if you want assistance. I think I will stick to my yoga classes at Lifetime Athletic.  So much more fun and relaxing.  You should't feel like you are under surveillance while doing your own yoga poses.We ordered our food at 6:45pm and were told it would be about an hour wait. At 8:00pm we contacted Eat24 (who we ordered through) to find out the status, they said the driver was busy but that he should be here in 15 minutes. At 8:30 we contacted Eat24 again, they called the restaurant and were told that they were busy and the driver had already left. There was no offer from the restaurant for anything free or a discount off our next order or anything. We FINALLY got our food and what we found was just ridiculous.To start, I ordered a hot dog with fries for my 8 year old. Needless to say that, by this time, the bun was hard. What was more annoying was the fact that it was covered in jalapeños, pico de gallo, mustard, and relish. A strange combination for anyone, but inedible for an 8 year old. My problem is that none of that was listed in the description, it just said "hot dog".Additionally, my sister and I both ordered chicken burritos, admittedly they were huge, but when I cut mine in half I noticed something weird. I pulled out a Lima bean. A Lima bean? In a chicken burrito? I thought maybe it was a fluke but as I ate the burrito I realized that for some reason there were mixed veggies in my burrito. Looking at the pics on Yelp it looks like their sides of rice have mixed veggies in them (still odd for a Mexican restaurant). Apparently they use that same rice in the burritos. It gave them such a weird flavor that we could each eat only about half of the burrito.Our experience was not good, the food wasn't as described and the wait time was terrible with no effort from the restaurant to fix it.I ordered at 6:24pm, food should have been at my place at 8, but didn't arrive until 8:24pm. I ordered a burrito, taco, fries, and wings. The fries were lukewarm and not all were edible cuz they were cold.. and anyone whose eaten cold fries knows they're disgusting. The burrito was ok, didn't have the cheese like I paid for. Now was gave it 1 star are the wings. THEY STILL HAVE FUCKING FEATHERS IN THEM!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! Needless to say I trashed them and did not eat a single one. Idk how this place has 5 stars. I will NEVER order from here again and I'm GLAD I bought through grubhub so that I could get all my money back. 2 hours for this. Feathers... Luke warm food even though it's in a warming bag. Ridiculous. Disgusting.I placed an order this morning for a delivery. After an hour, I checked on the status of my order, and was told that it was out for delivery with the driver. An hour later, I received an email, saying that my cancellation request was processed, and I will be refunded in 2-3 business days? I was then told that the restaurant has no drivers for the day, and therefore is not making any deliveries. Extremely frustrated, and will be taking my business elsewhere.We ordered delivery for the office. When we received our meal more than 2 hours later it was cold. The hamburger was raw not pink in the middle. The chips and the guac were delicious as were the radishes. I am so disappointed...Food was good, but nothing special. Beware of ordering delivery which was advertised on eat24.  Seriously, it was a Monday.  It took like 2-3 hours to get our food and everytime we tried contacting the restaurant we'd get hung up on or were told 5 more minutes.  Food wasn't even correct upon receiving it, but my kids and husband were starving.Not what I expected all bad if you want good chicken wings go to Boston pizzaBeen waiting for delivery for over 2.5 hours... I would LOVE to review the food but I fear I shall never try itI waited 4 hours for my food. Even though the restraunt said our food had left twice. I had actually cancelled tge order through delivery.com, and a few minutes later the driver came. He promised the food was fresh, it wasn't. But the service! So bad. I ordered food at 6 and it didn't come till 10 at night!I ordered $58.58 dollars worth food on Monday, April 18, through Eat24.  After over 2 hours I called restaurant.  They claimed driver didn't show but they would get it out with another driver.  Another 2 hours and no food so I called again and talked to Rami.  He said they got too busy.  I told him to just go ahead and refund my money and cancel my order.  He told me he'd discount the order but by this time it was 930 pm.  He then said food was on way and to just take food and he'd refund my money.  Needless to say I received no food and my card was charged the $58.58.  I tried calling but both times I've been told he isn't there.I ordered wings from them on grubhub a while back. They called me back telling me that they didn't even have wings in stock and asked if I wanted to order something else. I said "no thank you, would it be alright if I could just cancel my order then". I am not rude to people who handle food. Life's rough. I went to order from them again to give them another chance, and they are no longer on my grubhub. So I find the phone number to ask why. The lady who answered the phone said "well if we can't deliver to you then there must be a reason why"... Whhhhhat!? I just hung up the phone. I couldn't even fathom that kind of customer service. Did I get blocked from something that wasn't even my fault and I kindly declined to order something else. I'll never know because she didn't have an answer for me but I guess the people there just don't care about their service.I literally called 20 times before closing and I was hung up on every time, music, then hung up on. Called Rocco pizza.I ordered beef with spicy garlic sauce. The beef inside my order was very chewy, spongy, and just the weirdest texture. The color is bland and just not right. It looked ok before I pulled out a piece and washed off the sauce before I realized... "Ok, what am I eating?" Take a look for yourself and you tell me if your eating beef. Lol But they do have a nice staff in there! The cook might talk on the phone while he makes your meal with one glove.Tried to confirm three separate times what would and what would not be in a simple one meal order.  No onions, celery or jalapeños was what I requested.  What was my meal loaded with when I got home?  You guessed it, onions, celery and jalapeños.  Shouldn't be that hard.So, this isn't even worth rating.  First time there, ordered from the menu on the wall, which simply says Pad Thai Noodle spicy.  No mention of shrimp.  I asked that tofu be added, like I've done at other establishments.  I get all the way to work, there's shrimp in my order, I return to the restaurant, explain that I'm allergic.   Asked if it comes without shrimp.  It does not.  Well that info was in the hand menu, not on the wall.  Understandable.  I'm new.  I'm good until the owner proceeds to tell me, "you have to tell us", that "I have to READ the details".  Then he says he can "pick" out the shrimp.  Do u understand, I CAN'T pick out the shrimp.  I will DIE.  He snatches my order, is visibly angry...this man isn't fixing any food for me.  I asked for my money back, reminded him that I was looking to be a return customer....but yeah not returning this location or any other.....This might be the worst Starbucks I've ever been to.  It must be one of these locations where it's actually more part of the hotel and less part of the Starbucks chain.My visit to this location featured a long wait so I bailed and came back 10 minutes later only to have another long wait.  While one of the unfriendly employees was making drinks, the other was unloading pastries into the case...very slowly.  This means no one was being served for about ten minutes, while the line doubled in length. This location also doesn't have the ability to accept either the Starbucks card or the app.  In addition. to seeming upset about having actual customers, it didn't appear as though these two sunny types had any time for each other either.If you're thinking of going to this location, there's a Tim Hortons at the train station two blocks away.BED BUGS STAY AWAY!Well our air conditioner went out and the soonest they could come to our house was the next day sometime in the afternoon. I looked on Priceline and this place seemed to have decent reviews and was really cheap which was appealing because even though we were going to have to pay for two nights we were only going to be actually staying for one and part of the next day so we wouldn't get kicked out a checkout and could wait around in the air conditioning while ours was repaired. The first thing I noticed was of course the area was completely sketchy but I knew that going in. The hotel is surrounded on both sides by razor topped fence to keep it separated from the trailer parks on both sides. It is considered a "pet free" and "smoke free" hotel, but I saw a room window with a cat looking out of it and the entire place including the hallways reeked of cigarette smoke. People were just hanging out smoking everywhere. Even though the outer doors are supposed to only be opened with a room key every time I walked outside I noticed people would prop open the doors with rocks which does not make me feel secure because then anyone can wander in besides guests. The room had a faint bad smell, like old cigarette smoke that had been covered up with badly perfumed cleaning supplies. The bathtub was dirty. I figured we could tough it out for one night even though we were surrounded by obvious meth addicts that seemed like they had been living there for a while at the hotel, must be cheaper than renting if they have a lot of people to a room... Next I noticed that after only taking our shoes off in the room and walking around the carpet ALL of our socks were completely black from how dirty the carpets were. So I stopped taking my shoes off in the room... So disgusting. The bedspread had cigarette burns in it even though there were signs in the room saying it was "no smoking". We spent the night anyway despite my misgivings and 2pm the next day our ac unit was finally fixed so I headed home with the kids very glad to get away from the hotel and not have to spend the second night. The next day I woke up itching terribly and noticed my body was covered with red bites. So far I've counted about 20 bites. It took a day for the bites to show up and after googling I have learned bed bug bites don't usually show up immediately but a day or so later when your body starts having a reaction to them and 50 percent of people don't have obvious bites because they aren't allergic to them. Now I am washing everything we had with us at the hotel and hoping, hoping that we didn't bring them back with us. I regret trying to save money by staying a cheap place. Please don't make my same mistake. I see lots of good reviews for this place saying despite it only being 2 stars it is very clean but I can only conclude those are all fake reviews or outdated.Worst hotel I've stayed in. After checking in I was directed to park at a certain entrance and use that door well, it was out of order with a sign on the door, so I walked around the building to use the opposite door to find that one broken and wouldn't even accept my keycard.

Went back one more time with some of my co-workers from the lodge lets just say between 5 people and $700 THAT WAS THE LAST TIME I WILL EVER GO BACK THERE.The first time i went to this bar I was satisfied with the service. The staff were friendly and attentive. I was at the bar playing video poker. My drinks and food were both comped as I played for a few hours. Then the second and third time I went the bartending staff were rude and appeared as if they were doing me a favor by pouring me a drink while I was sticking money into their machines. The third visit two of us were playing on the same machine for at least three hours continuously and they only comped us one drink each. The bartender was talking to what appeared to be her friends sitting next to me not playing on a machine and was comping their drinks - probably with my play! When I asked about their comping procedure, the bartender was rude and just walked away. I payed for my drinks with exact change and no tip. I will never go back there! They shouldn't advertise themselves as a gaming bar when they actually are trying to be a club - with club priced drinks - that is sponsored by people who play.Good food; cool vibe; bad service and, apparently worse clientele.Tonight was my second visit here and it will be my last. The food was fine, the beer was great, the basketball game was on. Service was slow, but they were busy and I'm generally inclined to cut service people some serious slack since I've worked in the industry and my boyfriend still does.Where I am not willing to cut slack is when a customer returns to your establishment ten minutes after leaving to attempt to locate an expensive phone that they left at the restaurant only to be flippantly dismissed by the staff. I accidentally left my iPhone on the table at BAR. I realized it shortly after leaving and immediately returned to collect it.  While I've never left a phone at a restaurant or bar before, I've seen several friends do the same and always had the phone picked up by a staff member. I assumed the same would happen for me.When I returned, it was impossible to get anyone's attention. I had to hunt down my waiter to find him and rather than even give me a moment's attention, he simply said he hadn't seen a phone and dismissed me. No one else could be spared a moment to answer my questions or to help me. No one let me tell them what kind of phone it was; no one let me leave any kind of contact information; basically, no one gave a sh*t.When I got home, I attempted to call the phone number on their webpage. Not only is it impossible to actually get anyone on the phone, it's impossible to even leave a message without having the last name of someone to leave the message for. How management at this place expects to be able to assist customers without any venue to contact them is beyond me.While it is clearly my fault that I left behind the phone and the fault of whoever took the phone, the utter disregard for a customer attempting to get anyone's attention is sincerely appalling.I can't even rate this bar due to the very upsetting experience. I use to go to this bar and brought 5-8 people every time. We love the food and I even enjoy gambling. The servers have been wonderful. But I went in with my boyfriend on Sat Feb. 11th, 2012 to have lunch, drinks and to watch the UNLV game. When we arrived at NOON every table and chair was reserved with half of the place empty. So a large well built gentleman came out of the kitchen and I walked up to him and said, if every place is reserved can you help us find a place to sit. Without asking us, he turned to this couple and said can 2 people sit with you? I do not mind sitting with people, but it was a set of seats that had our backs to the large TVs and we had to look across the room to very little tvs. We asked for another area and he gave us attitude. VERY VERY BAD service.... apparently they did not want my business and word of mouth has hurt other businesses that I have gone too. Too bad they do not know how to treat their customers and a great idea would be first com first serve!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Eff this place, I ordered a Red bull vodka, got a vodka sprite.  Ordered it again, got some kind of flat soda, I don't know what they were trying to serve me.  Service sucks.......  Outside furniture is tied down, so u can only sit with a group of 4.  Would be a great place for watching games, but I can't get past the bad service.I've been 4 times, late night, happy hour, and 2x for lunch - all times I was disappointed with the food and service.Food is mediocre at best, it all sounds really good on the menu, but is all done poorly when you actually eat it.Drinks aren't anything special either, just standard average gaming bar qualityThe clientele and most of the staff are douchy jersey shore wannabe types who don't care about quality service or friendliness.The one redeeming quality is the atmosphere of this place, it is well decorated and the TV's and seating are cool and trendy.  I now treat this place like a small sports/gaming type bar to watch the games at as they have a decent football happy hour.Got food poisoning from their bar classic sliders last night..:( Will no longer be returning.Straight up disappointed. Tonight was my secon time to this bar. I had heard a lot of great things and wanted to bring my friend here. We were both warmly greeted at the bar by a cute bartender and everything was great. We both played $60 in our machines and lost but were enjoying the ambiance and service. The artichokes were amazing. About an hour in we both stepped away to the ladies room. My wallet and car keys were at my machine and a huge black bag was at my friends machine. When we came back a lady we had not seen all night (we got there at 9 and it was 10:30) was moving people into our seats. I assumed it was a mistake and asked our bartender what was happening. He said "it's my boss and I can't help". I turned to the lady and she told us she didn't realize we were there and then said we weren't playing $ And had to leave. More dialogue happened but bottom line my friends and I moved to a booth & they calmed me down. The worst part was the "manager" came over and felt she had to prove us wrong (that we didn't play any money) and then said she had no time to argue with us. It killed me because I am in the service industry and no matter how hard my clients get there is always opportunity to turn it around. Her ego got in the way of pleasing her customers. Two of which who work for high end real estate and me who is a manager of a hotel. I know how little it costs to comp a round even if you don't agree with the customer. Instead she turned her back on customers. So unfortunate. Btw the players she moved into our seats which cause all this in the first place didn't put in a dime and she never approached us again. At the end I met the great security guard who lightened our mood and said the owner would not think that's OK. He was a great mend to the night. I just hope this review gets taken seriously. Thank youService is terrible!  I've been 3 times now and service sucked every time.  This time my drink was empty for 20 minutes.  Last time my group waited over 30 minutes for drinks.  The owner is seriously losing some major bucks. In the future If anybody I know suggests going there I'll be busy.  If you want to hang out for free with no drinks or food then this is the place.  I'm sure the owner doesn't want to hear this but it's the truth.  The staff is so slow. On my first visit I thought ok it's just an off night but then two more times and it's the same terrible service. It's like the staff is depressed or on downers and are sluggish. Hire more staff or replace existing staff  if you want to be a successful business.  It's not that hard to keep an eye on drinks and move at a speedy pace. . As a business owner I see dollars flying out the door!My wife and I have always wanted to go to BAR. We finally found a reason, with another couple, and boy was that a mistake. The prices were very average for pub food. The atmosphere was dull, surprising during a football game. The food was ok, nothing spectacular. We tried fried Mac and cheese, dumplings, and sliders. Nothing blew us away. The main issue I had was with the service. Our waitress was not attentive, not proactive, and just all around seemed annoyed with our presence. However, I would not give 1 star for averaged food and bad service. My main issue was smoking was permitted in the restaurant. Yes, it's a bar but everyone was smoking and nothing was being done about it. We had a smoker in our group and even he was uncomfortable. It was confusing and disgusting. Won't be back.Worst service ever. Draft beer selection is pretty large and food's not bad. But unless you're a pervey old guy that's a regular and tips $100 good luck getting attention.I'm easy to please but this was the worst service I've ever encountered. McDonald's has better service than this. The food was cold. The eggs were like leather, the places nice decor over compensates for this bad service, cold coffee, and awful food. I asked for a hot coffee and that took 30 minutes and it was still cold. The worst part is the bar was empty. Id hate to see this place on a busy day. I really wanted to like this place based on it's reviews.Only good things about this place is that it looks nice inside and out and the chicken wings were good. We had a range of food including chicken wings, grilled artichoke, chicken lettuce wraps, and French toast. Everything was actually below level decent unfortunately, and we were very disappointed overall. The chicken lettuce wraps were honestly horrible, the worst ones I've ever had. Just terrible. The artichoke tasted like it had been soaking in bland water for hours and definitely didn't taste grilled at all. I asked for drawn butter that tasted like warm oil, so I didn't use that either. The French toast couldn't have been more boring either. No butter even on the side for it. Zero taste to it.

the apartment is the cheapest thing i've ever seen.

3)prices for canned goods and frozendgoods healthcare are ridiculously high

-2 as they don't clean their bathrooms, pee"cake is not for anyoneIt hard to say that they got good food, when hungry fist off and then the way they don't clean their bathroom and or dustI highly recommend the owner of this franchise to invest more training in the customer service department.  In three separate occasions (and different employees), the employees complained about the inadequacy of the store (in earshot of the customers), they seem lost when there is more than one customer, and they start serving a customer without determining which customer was first.  Lack of communication/teamwork was very apparent with the S. and S. team (on this date and during the evening shift).  Rather than go into detail of the incident, which I am loathed to do, it would be beneficial for the owner to brainstorm for its need of improvement.

#4  Had to wait for new orders and the birthday girl waited an additional 10 minutes for hers.

Oh and food was horrible. Ordered the farm raised chicken, seared scallops and potato leek soup(which was ok).  Only 3 parties at 11:30pm at night. Eventhough we came late, they should of still had their establishment together.Robert needs to work on better customer solution with conflicts. He didn't know how to make things better. It appeared that he was on employees side (team employee) but he shouldn't make it that obvious. Customers come first

The wifi is horrible too. You have to log in from your room every time and only have a max of 2 devices unless you want to pay more. How is it "free wifi" if you have to pay?I definitely won't be returning to this place. It needs some serious management shuffling and training in people skills.This place was a disaster!!!! We were told we could check in at 4:00. We went right at 4:00 and our room was not ready. We finally got in to it after a long 45 minute wait with 3 very tired and anxious children. The water slides I had read so much about were closed. My children were very disappointed.Shitty service, gross rooms. There were cockroaches in the cabinets and water stains on the carpet. Get it together.Very disappointed with management.  I had the worst Bday ever in Vegas.  I arrived & to top it off they lied to me that they had plumbing problems to find out they overbooked & moved me to another sister hotel which when I arrived to the room the bed was full of hairs & the sheets were dirty.  They told me they would comp me & till this date I haven't gotten a call or email.  Tried few times to get a hold a management.  But all they've given me is the run around.  I really enjoyed my previous stays but this one was the worse.I like this resort but the hard sell initially after you check in is really annoying! Skip the concierge desk because they try to sell you the timeshare. Thanks but no thanks, I'm here too vacation and don't want to here some sell pitch, learn to take no for an answer and don't be so pushy! It cost $100 but I would pay $100- just to get out of a timeshare presentation so there was no way I was going to but it, they act like it's part of check in..smh. Now on to the resort. The pool is suppose to be heated and it was 90 degrees outside and the pool was beyond freezing so we can't even enjoy it! We came to enjoy the amenities which are not even up to par. The bathroom has cracks and scuff marks and the tub needs cocking. There was even a hair which doesn't belong to us. This resort use to be nice..What happened???? This will be our last time here, will go back to stay at the resort across the street Tahiti Village.Been coming here for many years at least 8years this has been by far one of our worst experiences we booked 6 rooms for my sisters bachelorette including a penthouse, before booking they told me pool would close at 10pm in which during our 3day stay with a group of 27 people pool for the adults closed at 6pm come on really kid pool stayed open ?? If we would of known we could of booked elsewhere.. Seriously Who wants to swim with the kids when you came to have a getaway with adults. While during the tours some of my guest did do were also told hours of pool area in which were lied to. Went to talk to the front desk and their excuse was to not heat the pool to cut down on cost last time I check as a timeshare owner we pay maintenance fees. All they wanted to do is bring up a champagne bottle!!  The employees at the bar give the worst customer service not friendly and take so long to even take your order. On day 3 time of check out then get told once again pool will be open till 10pm  cancun resort needs to stop lying to their guest after being their guest for 8years we don't plan to take our business there any longerKeep in mind this is a time share resort community and not a hotel. Our family currently owns a time share within this company so being forced to put a down payment to take a 2 hour tour to try to be sold on another time share? Not cool. They ask you after they have charged your account and claim its refundable, but with previous experiences that's not the case. It took weeks and other unmentioned charges were charged to our account. Horrible headache I didn't want to go through again.Other than that the rooms are nice and a decent sizeBy far the WORSE place EVER to stay. They have no customer service. Wasting a whole day trying to check in and switching rooms because their doors don't function. They love to WASTE people's time pretending they'll do something about it and don't do a damn thing. Management is truly PATHETIC to say the least. If you want a nice time with your family DON'T STAY HERE.We will never be coming back here. Doesn't deserve a star but I'm forced to give one to post.Wow this place has gone to shit since diamond took over. It's nothing like what it used to be. For starters the the rooms are disgusting! The walls were dirty, carpet all stained, furniture dusty, sheets smelly, I was going to shower and it got all clogged up with brown water. The pool is nasty! There is nothing but hair everywhere, things floating, and bacteria looking stuff in the pool. I called the front to inform them and see when the pool will be cleaned cause it is normal to want to go swimming in a clean pool and I was told that it is cleaned as needed. I explained to the girl what the pool was like and she said that is because of the wind in Vegas, that Vegas is very windy. What kind of response is that?!? Then I was looking over the menu for room service and wanted to place an order and the girl that answered was rude and very sarcastic. The first night we stood I ordered a piña colada from the bar it was so nasty and so strong my mom and I got sick. That whole first night we couldn't go out as planned due to being sick. It was for the whole stay we were  sick but had to make the best of it. When this resort used to be pacific monarch it was well kept up and everyone was very nice. It was more of a family place and you had to be a member to stay. They didn't let just anybody stay. Now with diamond they let just anyone stay in the resort. The elevators have no ac in them and smell nasty, the activities room was dirty there were starburst wrappers everywhere. The parking sucks. Be prepared to park far and walk to the parking structure to go to your room. We were told that the next time we come that it will be better cause they are putting millions into the resort. If your still a pacific monarch owner don't expect to be treated good. We felt as if we were treated bad. This was by far the worst experience ever. We used to enjoy coming to this resort and knowing that we would enjoy our stay.The only nice thing about this resort is the pool, it's gorgeous. However, the service is terrible!! - Rooms were suppose to be ready at 4pm, yet we didn't get them until 6pm because they weren't ready

The low fares are a ruse anyway once you add up all the hidden costs that can sometimes accumulate to over 200% the cost of your actual fare.In short, f*** Allegiant Airlines. I'd rather pay double for dependability than ever fly with them again.I could go on and on, but I won't bother. This airline was a bad mistake on my part...leaving years of Southwest flights. At this point I would be amazed if Allegiant has ever had a plane takeoff with 2 hours of it's scheduled time. Never, never again.Delayed without notice for 5 hrs and given a meal voucher and $50 off future travel with no explanation for the delay. The local supervisor was called to the gate by another passenger whom was clueless and not empowered by "corporate" to solve problems what-so-ever. Every question I asked about why the delayed occurred or what would happen next was determined by "corporate". Every answer. Corporate does that, corporate determines that, etc etc. I could not get straight answer for anything they were responsible for. Horrible customer service, useless leadership, low quality aircraft, poor scheduling, a terrible business all around. I will provide Allegiant's phone call list in Las Vegas. Please help stop this madness or end this airline.I had to cancel a trip due to a death in the family.  When I booked my flight, I had specifically checked the airlines cancellation policies, as I had never flown with this airline before.  I noted that if I had to cancel by a certain time prior to my flight, I would receive a voucher.  Thinking that was fine, I booked.  When I had to cancel the trip, the website would not let me cancel it - although I did receive a voucher for $30 credit for my luggage that WON'T EVEN BE GOING!  (Isn't that nice)  The customer service agent was extremely rude, and told me I can't cancel because the cost to cancel was greater than the price of the trip!!!  Honestly, do you think that two weeks from now they won't resell my seat???This company practices FRAUDULENT cancellation policies.  Their website and cancellation explanation is so chopped up that it is IMPOSSIBLE to figure out where the cancellation fee comes in.  In between them telling you how easy it is to cancel, they have so much other information that you miss the fine print stuck inbetweeen two different subjects!!Do NOT do business with this unreputable company!I wish I could give Allegiant Airlines a negative rating for ALLLL of the issues and BS I have dealt with from this airline. They are the most unorganized, poor excuse for a business or an airline. I have flown Allegiant about once a month for the past year, only because they used to be the only somewhat affordable airline into Wichita. But Thank GOD for Southwest joining the airlines to fly into Wichita airport now. I understand certain issues may arise that are out of ones control, but EVERYTIME to have a delay.. it used to only be about an hour and it just keeps getting worse. I did not have any major issues with this airline until about April, but since thenevery flight I have been on from Vegas to Wichita or Wichita to Vegas has either been delayed or now Cancelled... TWO TIMES IN A ROW within a MONTH. After reading some review below, they always use the same excuse(s) or reasoning for the delays, which now lead to cancellations. They will begin by saying that "the plane has not yet arrived," then the plane will arrive, but there will be some kind of a mechanical issue.... I have heard all of the issues from lavatory, radio, navigation or something with the lighting and then the hydraulics. But, once this is repaired (usually 2-3 hours later), they will say there is no flight crew and push they delay back to every half an hour until you have been delayed up to 7 hours or more and then they decide to cancel the flight completely. This happened to me on August 25 leaving Wichita and they put us all up in a hotel, then the flight was rescheduled for the following day at 12p. I now had to miss a day of work and sit in the airport longer. We all arrive at the gate to hear the original broken plane is still not repaired and the plane that flew in the part is now inoperable..... HOW ABOUT YOU DO PROPER MAINTENANCE ON YOUR ANTIQUE AIRPLANES???? Long story short we were not only delayed 7 hours the previous night, had to stay in a hotel room, but now our new departure time of 12pm is pushed back to almost 4pm. They finally offered an $8 food voucher around 2:30pm, but we were supposed to leave shortly after and what is $8 going to buy me at airport food prices??? Supposively, they were giving everyone who was inconvenienced a $100 voucher to use on a future flight... I will believe that when i see it, but why would I ever fly this airline again?? Well I did... or attempted to and that was before finding out on 9/21 at 11:26am that my flight due to depart on 9/22 was cancelled. I had called the "customer help line" as my text alert told me to and I waited on hold for 1 hour and 45 mins before speaking to one of the unprofessional (lack of) Customer Service agents, Josephine.... Once I finally was connected with someone, I insisted that they pay for my flight through another airline carrier, since all other flights are now close to $400 being it is less than 24 hours before departure. I was told by JOSEPHINE that they could only refund my money spent or put me on the newly scheduled flight the following day. I then asked to speak with her manager and she said, she could not transfer me and I said, "then have the manager come pick up your phone to deal with this unhappy customer (ME)." I was then told by Josephine she was not authorized to allow me to speak with a manager... ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? This went back and forth for about 5 minutes until I said just cancel my flight and I will submit a complaint about this unprofessional airline and also your (Josephines) lack of customer service. When I asked, "What is my cancellation number and amount I am being refunded?" Josephines reply was.... "UGH!!!, Sigh" Well excuse me for inconveniencing you.... JOSEPHINE!!!!! Herb was apparently the manager on duty and I was denied being able to speak with him or even another agent after Josephine's unprofessionalism pissed me off so bad. I was as patient as, as nice as I could be... based on my current situation of being stuck in Wichita and not having a flight home and not having to fork out almost triple what I paid for my original flight on a separate airline, because it is so last minute. I had sent a complaint in on Augu

Bloody Mary pitcher was just tomato juice and horseradish, one of the worst we have tasted.The food arrived not all together and items missing.

Microwaved meat, wow.So I gave this restaurant a lousy review about 3 days ago...I ordered through grub hub. The food that arrives is disgusting.The manager has now been sending me insulting messages, ( real mature dipshit).

-We had to ask multiple times for rice that we ordered

Been here 3 times first time was after a workout I wanted a juice but they stop juicing an hour early. So I got a smoothie they guy seemed a little annoyed but I just figured they wanted to close and were tired. I know that feeling. 2nd time they got my order wrong and it was obvious they were annoyed. I came a little few min before they closed once I got my bowls we sat outside and when I realized it was the wrong one they locked and closed the store. Luckily I liked with the bowl they gave me but was really craving PB not berries. Anyway the 3rd and last time I came with my BF so he can try a juice this was the nearest one, once he saw how dirty it was he didn't want anything so I ordered a custom juice the guy seemed really annoyed and GOT MY ORDER WRONG AGAIN. After that I'm not gonna go back.If I could give Zero stars I would. The staff is unbelievably rude, has a superiority complex, and think that their shit doesn't stink. Their Acai bowl had the stems and leafs of strawberries in it and the bananas were brown and the acai was extremely watery. If you want quality, go to Thrive!, not this backwater "juice" joint. Don't waste your time or your money.This place is ridiculous! I went in to get a smoothie and there was no one there except me and the two friends of the employees there. They finally noticed me and asked me what I wanted, made it and the guy just put his hand out for money when he did not even tell me what the amount was. This happened on September 1, 2014 at about 230pm. Unprofessional and will not be going back to this place!!!! Horrible! I hope management sees this and does something.The staff here is extremely rude, I mean it's almost like they go out of their way to be jerks. To top it off, if you pay with a credit card, they have the audacity to turn the screen towards you and ask for a tip. I won't be going back.Disgusting!

ARE YOU KIDDING??????

I could go on about the tip amount being okay or not, but whether it was or wasn't he had no right to try and embarrass me in front of my company. It was more than just one snide comment. He really tried to rub in the fact that he was unhappy with my tip.

wanted more bread sticks, of course we said yes

---------------------------------This car wash damaged my car on Sat. 6/3/13 around 6PM and the owner has not called me back after leaving a detailed voice mail on his personal cell phone; the manager on-site gave me the number and insisted that I call saying the owner was really good about taking care of things like this.My car is 3 months old and had no prior damage to that area. (Fender & Glass). DAMAGE: Something was ejected from one of the air dryers at the end of the wash. It hit my car with extreme force and sounded like a large rock or brick was hurled at the back right side of my car.(not saying it was either, just sounded like it)When I inspected the damage, there was some kind of black material starting around the fuel door moving up the fender and onto the rear glass. This substance wiped away easily, however, the impact of whatever it was chipped the paint in one spot on my fender and made two large scratches into the glass.I understand they have a sign that says use at your own risk or something along those lines, BUT, I would think most people understand that minor surface scratches can occur in the paint from dirt and debris in the brushes. I DO NOT believe we would reasonably expect projectiles being launched at our cars at high speed causing a chip in the paint down to bare metal and gouging marks into the surface of your glass!I HOPE the owner calls me soon to take care of this. I will update this review on how that goes.After coming to this car wash a few times, I was only semi-satisfied with their car washes. I have tried the $3 wash and the most expensive and neither of them are anything special. My last visit I used the $3 wash and not only did the attendant completely ignore me when I tried to get his attention to rinse off my tires, but at the end of the wash my car was still soaking wet. There are so many better washes in the area with great customer service, save yourself time and money by going somewhere else!While vacuuming my car the hose to their vacuum came crashing down into the side of my car leaving a hug dent in the rear door of my car.  My insurance has proved that Quick n Clean was at fault because of their equipment failing and having no secondary safety measures...Quick N Clean has been very immature about the whole process not returning calls to myself or my insurance company...If they do not get it together quickly they will be sued and most likely shut down....Avoid this place, these people are criminals...We called Steffy a few days ago to inquire about a home for rent In Tempe. She was apparently busy so she asked us to email her . I emailed her through zillow but never received any response. A friend of mine got in contact with another agent (Jim) and he was nice enough to reach Steffy for us. Today we had an appointment to see the house. Steffy called my friend Christian while he was on a important call. She could not stop interrupting and was being rude and unprofessional. We cancelled the appointment.RIP OFF ALERT!  Although I have never had any dry cleaning done here, I have had alterations done here twice.   I wouldn't dream of taking my dry cleaning here after seeing their prices for cleaning.  I took an evening dress in to be hemmed last year which was lined and it cost me $35.  I was told the price was doubled as it was lined.  Fair enough.  Earlier this week, I took another evening dress in to be hemmed.  Before I knew it she had pinned it all down the sides telling me it was way too big.  I lost 5 lbs since I bought it, not significant.  I asked her how much it would be to take it in (we hadn't even discussed the hem price yet) and she told me $120.  I told her we needed a plan B.  I asked her how much it would be to shorten the straps and she stated that since there were jewels on them it would be $25.  Thought that was a little pricey, but given I needed it done within the week I agreed.  For the hem she quoted me $25, as well. I told her last year I paid $35 for a lined dress and was told it was double the price since it was hemmed, so shouldn't the hem be more like $18?  She just ignored me.  So I gave in for the $50 price.  I also told her I would like it pressed.  When i went to pick up the dress today, the total was $67.95.  Are you kidding me?  I asked the gentleman behind the counter how much it cost to have it pressed and he showed me the ticket.  She had charged me $60 for the alterations instead of the agreed upon $50.  I told him what she had quoted me and he stated he would have to call her (given that I am pretty sure this is his wife, I found that pretty stupid, but whatever).  When he got her on the (speaker) phone, they proceeded to chat in another language and he told me that the straps were $35.  I argued that she quoted me $25 and then he handed me the phone.  She stated she said $35 because of the jewels.  I told her I didn't appreciate her calling me a liar and I know what I heard.  After a nice little argument (isn't it nice to argue with your customers - - or in this case ex-customer) she gave in and took $10 off like she was doing me a big favor.  I am one of the most honest people you will meet.  I pay attention when someone quotes me a price, I know what I heard and it wasn't $35.Went into the Downtown Campus bookstore today, and I was appalled at the lack of respect I received from not only an employee but the manager as well. I went in to return a book, and the receipt was with my mom in California. It was a cheap book, so not a big deal if it wasn't possible. The manager was incredibly rude and felt the need to yell the bookstore policy to me in front of everyone in the store. In fact, the older lady in front of me was able to return her book without a receipt and nothing was said--I watched this happen, so I assumed not having a receipt wasn't a big deal. I usually spend about $800 here each semester, but I will now be taking my money elsewhere where I am treated with more respect.Very unhappy with how I was treated at the Tempe Campus bookstore.  Bought a USB to mini-USB cord there two days ago.  There was no sticker or anything on the packaging that said the product was non refundable.  Well the cord sucks.  Sometimes isn't even recognized by my iPod and when it does it recharges at such an incredibly slow rate it's laughable.  So I take it back into the store and ask for a refund.I'm told they don't accept returns on these items.  I ask where is that in writing, and the employee runs off to the electronic section of the store to go look at the product and talk to another employee.  Later they both go in the back room.  Then he comes back to me, points to the section of my receipt that says "Other restrictions may apply" and tells me that there were stickers on the packaging that said "No refunds".  I reply "Really, can I go look?" and he's just quiet.  Well his buddy is over in the electronics section putting the stickers on right at that minute!I can understand a stores need to resell an item if it's returned, but don't lie to me that there was a no refunds sticker on the packaging when there clearly wasn't.  Extremely unhappy at ASU and their bookstore personal.Manager offered to give me another cord, but would not give me my cash back.  That makes NO SENSE.  You're still out of the money either way!Not coming back.I really hate using the ASU bookstore! The have all these employees and everything is still crazy, hectic, and unorganized. To start, a bunch of classes have custom books that can only be found at the bookstore and of course, are extremely expensive! I ordered a book online and received an email saying it's ready for pick up. I waited 30 minutes for them to find the book after I gave them my order number. Countless people had come and gone by the time I actually got my book. They made the process that is supposed to make the buy/pickup of the books easier and made it such a hassle.It's Mothers Day and they didn't want to assist me because I would be using their $20 for $40 flower arrangement certificate. They said to use it on another day, I was very disappointed. Spent my $60 elsewhere.This review is a review of the corporate stores such as this one. I love their food but there is one thing that always makes me second guess going to Five Guys and I am sure you know what it is. The music. I am a very patient person but every time I walk into these places I want to walk right out. Don't go here if you are on a date or plan to visit with anybody. You will not be able to hear them without everyone else hearing the conversation. Thank god this one restaurant does have outdoor seating and there is no music. What you'll feel like when you go to these restaurants is that you're having five guys screaming at you the whole meal. Please turn the music down so people can enjoy each other's company and  also enjoy the food. Aside from the very loud music of this restaurant is the fact that when you order the most basic of the meals at this restaurant you will feel like someone picked hour pocket. Don't get me wrong the food is fresh tasting but I can feed a small family with what I have spent eating here and that's just a combo. Five guys you could be so much more!Damn, usually LOVE Five Guys.  Got my cheeseburger to go.  Got back to work and noticed that the bottom bun had obviously been dropped on the floor.  It had several pieces of hair and fuzz all over it!  Flip'n NASTY!  I still give this location 1 star because the Cajun frys are second to none.  It'll be awhile before I visit this location again.Okay, generally good food and pleasant service overall.

Always read the real reviews stay away from this body shop.Never ever go to this body shop.Even if they give you cheap estimates.they lie just like the owner. From first hand experience this body shop is shady and if you want to be upset, spend extra time and money then this is the place to go.   Even though it sounds like a great deal (don't pay them up front), you will get what you paid for and it will be nothing in return.Horrible shop! Had them come and to fix my window regulator and the mechanic ended up shattering my driver side window and didn't tell me. I ended up having to chase them down and they gave me the run around for about 2 weeks before the mechanic came over and put THE WRONG window back in. I also have my windows tinted dark and the window didn't have tinting. I ended up taking photos because the shop owner kept insisting the window was correct, but it wasn't. Eventually they put another window in and that took 2 weeks. When I went to finally pick up my car, the owner tried to charge me for it after I had already paid for the labor on the regulator. Window still wasn't tinted and had a large gap/air leak between the front and rear window. Possibly still the wrong window. Small Claims in progress for the damage they did to my car and never made right. DO NOT USE. You have been warned.Would give no stars if I could. First off super unprofessional, sexist-because they take advantage of women who don't know anything about cars. Dishonest because they're always lying about the time it takes to finish the car. Took my BMW to be fixed and they took about a month, I wouldn't have minded if they would have initially told me that it would take that long instead they said it would be a week. Also they never fully repaired the car never gave me receipts for the parts that were put in. Never gave me correct amounts on anything. The "assistant" was a liar. On the day of picking my car up they made me wait four extra hours. Then when I paid them they called me to go back, never gave me a reason just told me that it was an emergency. When I went back they asked me to cash the check, I went with the "assistant" and she admitted to me that they had stopped working on my car for a while and lied to me basically because they thought I wasn't going to pay up. I would seriously re think even bringing my car here! Also they had some guy in the front who was just messing around and the "assistant" treated him rudely. Bad customer service, dishonest, and bad results. Don't take your car here, advice from a previous and never returning customer!I would prefer to give this NO STARS or -5 Stars.My review is super long but this is worth reading, think twice and read all the reviews before taking your car here, like I wish I had. I previously posted a review under my boyfriends' account, but it was put into the "not suggested" category. So I decided to do another one since I kept receiving e-mails requesting a review. First and foremost, the business is a sham. My decision on taking my car there was solely for the lower charges which ended up still being pretty high. Before taking my car I called, and the owner Juan answered he seemed like an honest guy and he gave me an estimate of $2-$4,000 at the most for the repairs that had to be done. Sounded like a good deal considering all the other places would have charged me $8-$9,000. Later that day I set up a time for the tow man to take my car, he came and picked it up on a flat bed which is preferred especially for for a BMW. I didn't want the wheels or front to be damaged. It was also free. All was good until they actually started the service, I was assured that the car would be done in a week or two, but it took a month and a half - by the time I tried to take it to another shop they "already began working on it" I would call almost every day asking about the car and to request receipts to each part that had been replaced - the clerk at the desk was an airhead, she would put me on hold for what seemed like forever and then sometimes she'd even hang up on me. I'd call back and she'd play stupid and tell me that they need to wait until the car was finished so that they could provide me with all the information. I went in a couple times to see how they progressed with my car and of course it's in the same condition, I asked what was going on and Juan told me that it took time to find the parts blazie blah. - Point being this business is unprofessional, and sexist. The clerk at the desk didn't know what she was talking about half the time, and there was always a guy up front named "Lee" just messing around, and the clerk would talk down to him. Anyways they provided horrible service from the day I stepped in to the day I FINALLY got my car. Still when I got my car, they made me wait FOUR extra HOURS because of things that they had to check. Realllllly. Then after I paid and left they called me back for an "emergency" which that they wanted me to cash the check I had paid to them. The clerk took me to the bank and on the way there she admitted to me that they kept egging me on and lying to me about when my car would be done because they thought I wasn't gonna pay up! I don't suggest ever taking anything of value to this shop especially not a foreign car like a BMW! Due to personal experience and especially if you're a woman, you better bring a man who knows a little something about cars because they will take advantage of you, and won't even provide the right paperwork or a good job! A few months after the repairs they did I had to go to a REAL shop and get it repaired by REAL MECHANICS -because some of the parts hadn't even been changed and some were super old and rusted. Plus they didn't even fix the A/C because they said that wasn't they're problem, lol so I had to roll around in Las Vegas at the peak of summer time with a car that was done by a half ass body shop! READ THIS REVIEW BEFORE YOU THINK ABOUT TAKING YOUR CAR TO THIS SHOP! - from a previous and NEVER returning customer!!! Thanks Desert Inn Auto Repair & Body for pestering me for this review. Have a great day.I received a nasty letter in the mail from Hank, one of their sales people, after he wasted about an hour of my life I will never get back. I read the poor reviews about ADT last year. Besides poor service you can expect all around from ADT, the people that represent them apparently have poor people skills. Please do a little research to find a person and company you can trust.Absolutely horrible experience with a very rude salesman who thinks it's OK to swear at and threaten potential customers! This'll be a little long but worth your read if you're considering going with this horrible company.Hank Monem, salesman for Moore Protection, arrives on my doorstep and was extremely friendly and had has his sales pitch down for their giftcard promotion. He promised free Visa giftcards, if you make purchases at approved stores, and that would basically cover the cost of the ADT monitoring service. At that point in time Hank seemed like a decent guy, smiling and jovial, and I told him that my wife and I were in the process of doing a home remodel and were extremely busy during this time. He actually witnessed this himself since he was at my front door and I had construction guys working on the empty home at that time. I told him that I would call him back and let him know what my decision was regarding his services.Every day for the next week Hank decided he would call me at odd hours, Sunday at 9pm and today on a Saturday morning, and definitely not during what's considered normal business hours. I reiterated again that I would call him back and that I was very busy. He could not get it through his head and would insist on calling me repeatedly and I got so frustrated that I wouldn't even answer his calls.He called this morning and definitely had a Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde moment. I answered the phone and he said "Hello, it's Hank from ADT" and I told him that I was no longer interested in his products or services. Instead of letting me finish he interrupted me and said "You could've told me a week ago and not have wasted my time!" and then proceeded to hang up on me.I decided I'd call him back and let him know why I came to the decision that I did. My main reason being that Hank didn't listen to my needs and the fact that I told him I was busy and I'd call him back. Instead he decided to harass me by calling every day and that's what killed the deal for him. With that in mind Hank answered and I told him not to call me and then hang up on me and he rudely interrupted me and began screaming and yelling at me and calling me a motherf*cker, a b*tch and several other obscenities and proceeded to hang up on me, again, after having his temper tantrum.I highly suggest doing a Google search on their company and reading the reviews that other people have posted. I am in no way a lone case and you should really do your research before spending any money with this company.Buyer BEWARE! if it sounds too good to be true then it is and these are the guys spinning the stories. They are rude,ruthless, and only concerned with the bottom line. Hank and Bob are especially horrible. I am currently going to court over a contract issue with this company. It appears that someone put my initials in a couple of places on my contract after it had been signed and taken back to their office. You would think that they would know better than to alter a contract by fording the buyers initials.This was a complete waste of money. I hired them from out of state to serve documents on my ex.for a custody support case  Of course I knew the more information I gave them the easier for them. Not only did I give them the exact address where he lived, I gave about 6 different photos of him and other's that lived in the house he owned. I told them he was an under the radar guy and they would need to surprise him .  The first thing they did was go knock on the door and asked his girlfriend if he lived there,(of course she lied and said no) because they were trying to serve him!!! Wow , i told them he was an under the radar guy and ,they told me not to worry they handled these type of people all the time and knew what they were doing. When I received a call from my Ex asking me if I was trying to serve him, i couldnt believe it!  This company told me they tried several times, which I totally don't believe. The guy works from home has a bunch of kids and is easy to spot. Then the people that work there when i called to ask about what was going on, seemed annoyed with me for even asking them. The lady  there then proceeded to tell me to change my court date so they could try again, ya right lady, it's taken several months to get before a judge and now i should extend it because of June's legal services incompetence! Oh she also offered to charge me $60 an hour to do a stake out.I really have that type of money to hand out and still get some bogus answers of why they couldn't find him. When I contacted them initially they said that with what i paid they would do as many attempts as they needed to , to make sure he was served. I don't believe they did more than 1. STAY AWAY THEY WILL JUST RIP YOU OFFNOT WORTH THE TROUBLE!!! I spoke to Juan "the manager" and we agreed on a price for (3) tempered glass on Monday and then I called back again on Tuesday to purchase the tempered glass; however, Bill answered the phone and instead gave me a different much higher price and I explained to him that Juan and I already made agreement for the tempered glass yet he was really hesitant and not willing to give me the same price that was agreed upon after speaking to Juan. However, he lowered the price a few dollars so I decided to purchase the tempered glass from them and he said it would be ready by Friday. I called back on Friday before I went to go pick up the tempered glass and he said that he forgot to make the purchase so now he would have to ordered it again. I asked Bill since he made the mistake of not ordering the tempered glass if he could provide me a discount for wasting my time and having me go through this trouble and he said "NO" so I asked to speak to the manager and he said he will be back on the following Monday. I call back on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday and he kept giving me a different excuse every time. I DON'T RECOMMEND ANYONE GO THROUGH THE TROUBLE WITH J&J GLASS ESPECIALLY SPEAKING TO BILL!!!!I wouldn't recommend these guys at all.  After 3 attempts,  multiple forgotten appointments,  and blowing us off, I'd never use them again.  What a waste of our time and our money.   Juan is a joke and so is the guy who answers the phone.  Promises, promises.To look at this store I would have to say "meh, why not." But when the associate runs to the door to rip the OPEN sign out of the window at 7:30, when the sign on the door says they are open until 8:00 just makes me think *PUKE* this was 2 weeks before Halloween. Seriously lady do you even want to be in business? Secondly looking at the wears I was wildly unimpressed, think Legs Avenue and a glue gun threw up on satin. Tape a piece of cardboard around your tummy, it will look better than anything you can pick up at the bad attitude boutique.After receiving a comment from whom I assume to be the owner saying I only post negative reviews, which she says are 90% negative (my negative ratio is 17%) I decided to review my rating of this establishment. In her comment she said that she wasn't closed, but then goes on to explain that if she is closed it's because of her kids and old mom. So what is it? Are you closed or not? Secondly I don't need you to piss on me and tell me it's raining when it comes to the quality, ingenuity and creativity of garments. Final thought: you messed up lady, your customer service is gross and so are your clothesBad Attitude is a perfect name for this store and it's staff , specially the boy that works there, i went there with my friend during there business hours to shop(4:16 pm) ,the door was locked with the OPEN SIGN on the window, i notice a boy sitting in the back , he saw us but totally ignored us, we drove all the way from henderson to check out the store so i tried to get his attention and very lightly knocked , he came to the door vey pissed and said WHAT DO YOU WANT??!!!!!! I said we want to take a look, he said its not for look i can let you in if you are buying!!!!!!!! He was very angry and scared us away, we are never going backVery bad business, in a terrible neighborhood, stay away .Great products but rude. Lost money on layaway and not worth it to come back still broke and could spend my money on food and an oil change spent over 400 dollars there and was treated like shi* won't be coming back.The Salvation Army discriminates against people who aren't like them.  Did you know they spent $10 million dollars to try and prevent their organization from having to following anti-discrimination laws in hiring?This Hospice we used was address 8655 S Eastern Ave Las Vegas Nevada 89123 If you want good care please don't choose this Hopsice!  First I was given the wrong information to use equipment important to my mothers health-second I had to use life alert and as I called 3 x's no nurse would call me back-my mom was taken by ambulance and later that night taken off hospice because her first diagnosis of COPD turned into stomach cancer. She lasted 4 days. I had alot of nurses-I had a manager tell me I was going against my mothers wishes to put her in the facility (I could no longer control her pain-which the nurse me and my mom discussed before hand and the manager told me I would hurt her by moving her. I still can't get over this and probably never will. If you want good care check out the hospices first and see there reputation before hand as there are several in Nevada. I'm so sorry I used this one:( This is the same business as downtown's just different addressSo far I'm pretty disappointed. They are not anything like what I hoped hospice would be for my family. I had expectations of thorough support, I assumed they would offer information and support around the dying process .. And they are basically just showing up once a week to give my dying relative a sponge bath and collect from our insurance company. They have been minimally helpful and gave offers no information about this process. They should be ashamed to even hold the title of hospice if you fail to actually approach the subject of dying and help the family.If you would like to be catorgized then by all means go here. I'm going back to my dr who went to Harvard in CaliforniaIf you like to talk to anyone in this office but your actual doctor then you will be fine going there.  I was only able to hear from doctor Misti after I had called 8 times.  The office is old and sort of dirt.

* The Rice in the Rice and Beans side dish was not fully cooked. I let the waitress know and she brought the same thing back and was rude when I asked her to take it back and cancel the side.

-Bartender (I think he's the owner too) makes great drinks

me: "It doesn't say that anywhere on the menu or walls"

I find it odd that none of the reviews are being shown to this company.If there was a way to give  this company less than one star I would do it! Our community, Eagle Highlands North, has retained them for the past four years. We have changed managers within Brown Management a number of times. Each manager gets progressively worse. Now we have to go through the hassle of firing  them and trying to find a new management company. But happy to say anything that we find other than Brown Management will be a vast improvement! It damn near takes an act of Congress to get them out to inspect the property or to handle each resident in a fair and equal manner. There is a great deal of favoritism it appears, between Brown Management and certain residents.  Do your homeowners association a big favor and avoid these people.Living in the area for 2 years. This past 2 months have received "warnings" regarding parking on landscape (in front of our RV gate - date of said incident had landscaper backed in to trim palm tree) , Unapproved window covering / actually a USMC Curtain on a garage window which dubs as my gym and has been there for over 2 years , and Draining pool in retention area. Letter states to drain pool into the roadway, which Chandler does not allow, and of which, would drain directly into the same exact retention area... Sent an email as how to advise , any cleaning of erosion from draining pool, that is a locked non public access retention area. Multiple tries to contact with no responses. Completely unacceptable.Only wish there was an option for zero stars, because that's what these guys deserve as our property management company at Traviata/Scottsdale. Aside from having a new property manager about every 6 months, none of them seem to be able to return calls or e/mails without having to hound them again...and again. It's like they're all still stuck in the 70's using the out of office excuse as to why it takes forever to get back with you. Which is really quite patronizing considering that most everyone has a cell phone with them at all times - not to mention a tablet or laptop.Even once you are able to finally connect with your property manager du jour, they never really seem to be able to get the job done on whatever the ask was of them. Bottom line, they're really highly-unprofessional and I'd NEVER recommend them.As everybody has said, I wish there was a zero star for a review. This is the worst property management company I have ever had to deal with. They never return phone calls, they sent out bogus notices to addresses with no viable proof that the property is in fact violation of something. They say it is not cost effective to print out a photograph and mail it with the violation to the address. There is obviously favoritism for certain residents in the community. The community is slowly looking like a ghetto. Lack of rock in certain areas, badly trimmed landscaping makes the property look old outdated and unmanaged.Too many unmanaged rental properties with blight conditions around entire sub make it look horrible. All in need a painting. They do NOTHING for what we pay them.Masters of extortion.  Failed to process a payment I made over the phone and then didn't tell me about it for 11 months.  Rejected the automatic payments from my bank account for 3 months in a row, only to threaten me with legal action for nonpayment all the while accumulating late fees and 'collections fees' even though they were the ones rejecting payments.Their idea of landscaping is hiring a crew to walk around at 5:30 on Monday mornings with leaf blowers and blow all the things from the street into my doorway.  The only time they trim the trees is when the city threatens to stop trash collection. Zero communication about meetings, or anything else.If you are ever in a position to buy a property in a community they manage, run, don't walk, away.The most unprofessional, condescending, arrogant, unresponsive property management company possible!  I cannot believe they have the nerve to claim their motto is "promises kept, expectations exceeded" and say "satisfaction is guaranteed".. couldn't be further from the truth. The only time I ever need to contact them is when we need help.. they are rarely even available, never answer the phone, (the person we have to deal with (Tennille) has even told the receptionist she see's me calling and to leave her a voicemail) they have never once come through, always tell me "NO" what they can't do, never how they "can" help... Repairs are not fixed for months (i.e. security issues, e.g. broken windows, parking lot gate, front entrance gate).. and always blame it on procurement of the part. Onsite maintenance is never available, the place looks like a ghetto with trash all over the place and CCRs not enforced... I WOULD NEVER HIRE THIS COMPANY, and will lobby for our HOA to get rid of them!This company is a JOKE... avoid it if at all possible. Simply put, they're overpriced "leaches" who do a horrible job "managing" any community they touch.Seems like the reviews are very hit or miss and largely dependent on your assigned property manager. Thus far it has been nothing but difficult receiving returned calls or updates in any type of timely manner what so ever. When calling multiple times due to no call back, be prepared to receive a horrible attitude and the feeling that you are bothering your manager! They are very quick to send tickets, have your car towed or send notices about things you are not doing, as the homeowner- yet when you need assistance or are attempting to hold them accountable for their lack of urgency or productivity in various matters, don't expect much! Homeowners beware! I would never buy another property managed by this company!It has just been a horrible experience dealing with these folks. I have been requesting some shrubs to be trimmed for 2 years. These are the responses I have received..."we have received a lot of rain and they grew quickly and "they are out for bid". I attended an HOA meeting and I was told by the board member that if I didn't like it  that I need to get out there and trim them myself! Kim sat  there with her chin in her hands, about to fall asleep and said nothing when this board member suggested this. Are you kidding me? I pay $115 per month for a home that is only worth $160k! They clearly do not want homeowners too attend meetings, they don't want to be bothered. So unprofessional and rude. It sickens me to have to pay them every month.I have been in an HOA through Brown Community Management for several years now. I understand what they are trying to do. The problem I see in my community and talking to people within the community is that we have two groups living here. Those who care and those who don't. Those who care are constantly getting hammered for violations real and imaginary. Kids leave the basketball hoop out overnight? Violation. Weeds pop up after a monsoon rain? Violation. Neighbors dog craps in your easement. Violation. Neighbor parks in his own easement? You get the violation (True story). The more you react to the whims of the HOA through Brown Community Management, the more complaints you seem to rack up. Those who don't care about the property they are renting or other really don't care what the HOA says or threatens. Their houses are trashed, their yards are trashed, they park anywhere they want and the HOA through Brown Community Management seems powerless to stop it.The latest complaint we received is for not painting our home. We sent the required Architectural form to Brown Community Management four months ago and although we have followed up, we have yet to receive written approval. Today we received a complaint and threat of fines if we do not paint our house. I have heard people comment that you get what you deserve if you you're dumb enough to live in an HOA. Fine, but receiving these kinds of notices from Brown Community Management feels a lot like overreach, abuse of power and/or incompetence.I have yet to have a positive experience here and will be looking for a new doctor now. I've never been able to call and get a straight answer or the right person ever. If it is anything beyond scheduling an appointment, i.e. a simple question such as "since you can't get me in to see any doctor within the next week, can I get an extension on my prescription until I can see the doctor?" you get set into a phone maze, sent to person after person who tell you the exact same thing, "let me transfer you to someone who can help/the office" and then you are back to someone else that can't help you. I have only been a patient for six months, I've only been into the office twice and have only called three times and I have never had a positive over the phone experience. Of the two times I've gone in, once I had to wait for over an hour past my appointment  time for the doctor and I was the FIRST appointment of the day. This is absolutely unacceptable, especially considering I was there with pneumonia. When I tried to get blood work done, I got caught in the phone maze (actually transferred to the same person three times) only to find out that I didn't need an appointment for blood work even though my doctor told me I needed one, then when I did show up to get it done, the girl "wasn't in."  Once I get my prescription filled so I can make it through the next month-- I'm getting a new doctor because Mountain Park Health Center does not deserve any patronage.I won't be back.My son needed to get Vaccines for school.  So I made an appointment for here, as it is close to home and they could get me in quick.  I also had him do a physical, which is good.  The doctor was very good with him, my son has Aspergers (ASD) and the Doctor that saw him was very particular in his words, and he really understood my son, So this is not a reflection of Dr. V.  I am giving this a one star because...When I walked in, the lobby was EXTREMELY small, clean, but small.  Then I realized why, This Doctor office shares a lobby with a WIC office and a Lab that takes walk ins.  We had a 3:15 appointment, didn't get home until between 5:30, and 5:45.So my son and i walk up to the counter sign in, wait to be called.  They see everyone there from newborn on up.  So it was a very chaotic lobby and LOUD!...  its a cold lobby.   So we got there at 2:45 (as suggested for new patience) I signed in for our 3:15 appointment.  I finally get called up to fill out paperwork, they give me Spanish paperwork to fill out, I had to ask the woman at the front for English instructions.   She says something, and I say, I'm sorry, what?  She barely speaks above a whisper and this lobby is LOUD!  being so small, no carpet, cold furniture, etc...  So finally after a couple of exchanges, I realize she wants my insurance card.  I give it to her.  So I sit down and finish my paperwork.  I realize, there nothing on there asking about the health of anyone.  it was all about insurance and payment.  I thought to myself 'that's odd, every doctor i have ever been to always has something there about medical history...  but here... nothing -  wow, they care!  So I turn in my paper work and sit back down.  We don't get called back until about 3:30  (remember, my appt was 3:15)  so, they take my sons vitals, normal enough, but then we had to go sit back in the lobby...  Where we now wait until 4:00 when they call us back.  Well, the doc must be just about ready for us.  I wish...The doc comes in at about 4:45, where then he goes over medical history etc..  Get a physical, needed vaccines, and seems to try to upsell me on 2 other vaccines that he doesn't need (chicken pox, which he already had, HPV which he doesn't need at this time, and another one)  When I denied them, he tried to talk me out of it, but I stood my ground.  So the doc does the physical, and the MA comes in and give's my son his vaccines.  Then someone else comes in to give me a piece of paper saying the vaccines he received so he can get back into school.Finally after all that was done, it was about 5:20.  We leave the room, and the place is kind of confusing, so I am just walking around trying to figure out the exit and no one takes it upon themselves to ask me if I need help, so finally  I had to ask someone and (what seemed like bothering them) where the exit is, once we finally found the exit we were able to leave and then we went home.  So i got home about 5:30-5:45.  So i am looking at the paper as my husband asked "what shots did 'j' get?"  I take out the paper and tell him, he got this, that and the other...  THEN... the thing of ALL THINGS!!!!...  seriously, I can't believe this.  They scheduled us another appointment WITHOUT EVEN ASKING!!!!  yes I am serious.  That is gutsy.Good news is, my son got his needed vaccines, and he can go to school now.  However the doc and the MA was really good.  The check out girl was super nice.  But this place is just one giant factory, that seems to put money above everything else.  pro: The doc seemed to get my son, which can be difficult at timescon: I didn't appreciate the 'upselling' of unnecessary vaccines (for the moment).  I don't appreciate them scheduling another appointment without my consent, and the LONG wait time, 2.5 hours in a doctors office is just rude! All in All I just feel like they didn't respect my time, didn't really care about my sons health all that much.  And why do they have such a small lobby with sharing it with WIC and a Lab?This place really sucks, no one knows anything here, it seems like some of the employees are monkeys. They don't know anything probably are mad because they get paid minimum wage. I would never recommend any one there the ladies that work there are fat and always talking about their huge weekend consisting of eating food and becoming more fatter than their own mothersWARNING! Do not waste your hard working money on DR. BRYAN DAVIS. He is not educated well enough to provide service as a doctor. Additionally, really bad customer service.I was a patient there a little over six months ago and I will never go back.Have you ever being to a clinic that is so damn unprofessional well let me fill you in on these people.The staff are so rude and they don't leave out shit when they talking about you right outside the door.OH and dont let me forget they love to laugh about you afterwards. All of the doctors Heidi Dillingbeck ,Rachel Sy,John H, and the psychologist Traci D are deceitful and I still havnt gotten an apology from their ass. Not that I need one now...I hope that they will learn to respect other patients by not letting them overhear their conversation.SO Unprofessional of them. I GUESS YOU HAVE TO SELECT A LEAST ONE DAMN STAR IN ORDER TO SEND THE REVIEW ,so dont thank me.The facility looks new and great, but the faculty failed to answer very important questions, provide alternatives for me, and to send the required paperwork to my insurance prescription carrier. I made it very clear to my doctor that I needed an emergency inhaler. She prescribed it. The first time the prescription wasn't sent to the pharmacy. The second time the pharmacy told me they were waiting on my doctor's approval. The doctor's staff assured me they had sent the necessary paperwork to the prescription carrier and asked for the approval to be expedited. I took it upon myself to call the prescription carrier to ask for an update. Each time they informed me that they had not received any paperwork from my doctor's office. Seven days later the prescription carrier informed me they had just received it (via fax- I would assume this is almost instantaneous.)Due to several days without my long-term inhaler I suffered from an asthma attack. Thankfully Urgent Care provided me with emergency care. This could have been prevented if I went to a different facility where the staff is not just friendly, but knowledgeable and responsive to patients. I will not go back for any type of medical care. The location I am reviewing is the Gateway Family Practice at 3830 E. Van Buren St., Phoenix, AZ 85008.Horrible. From the start I felt like I was applying for welfare. The check-in people were awful, busy socializing and incredibly rude/unprofessional. I had issues with billing and scheduling. I went for my well woman exam and it was the most uncomfortable one ever.  The nurse practitioner and the assistant in the room were socializing the entire time and were very insensitive to the entire experience, I was practically in tears when we left. At one point during the exam I had even asked if they were doing me a favor or if I was paying for the service. When it came to answering any questions I had, they made me feel like I was wasting their time and were rushing me out. I would not recommend this facility.I just found out SW Dental in Spz overcharged me $483 & they are keeping the money for 2 months. That's outrageous!I am giving this office one star because 0 or negative stars aren't available. My last visit was almost 2 years ago, but I remember it clearly because the experience was so horrible. The staff is rude, and the scheduling is a joke. Once you manage to get your appointment scheduled, you show up and wait every single time. Maybe 20 minutes, maybe an hour! And I rarely got an apology for the delay.But the tipping point and the reason I will NEVER be back came when Dr. Infeld made a point about how easily bacteria breeds in the mouth by comparing it to a woman's genitals!!! I strongly considered reporting him to a state board, but honestly didn't know where to start, so I ended up just leaving that appointment and never returning.After finally getting the work I needed done back then completed by a new dentist this week, I was inspired to come here and at least share the appalling experience. After such a wonderful experience with a new dentist, I truly realized how horrible my experience was with Dr. Infeld and the Surprise Southwest Dental office. As a side note though, I received good care from another Southwest Dental office in the East Valley when I lived over there. It's just this office that was so bad!I highly don't recommend them. Skip to the last paragraph if you don't want to read my experience. I was a patient here in 2012. I came in for a filling. After 24hr since the procedure I realize something was wrong. When I sow the dentist again I explained what was wrong with my face. He ended up sending me to Orthodontics Southwest Dental office to see if they can figure out what's wrong with my face. I was confused why he would sent me to a different office when he was the one that did the procedure. I didn't question him I went with his professional opinion.When I got to the Orthodontics Southwest Dental office I was under the impression I would just be looked at not be charged. The Orthodontics was clueless why the dentist that did the procedure would even sent me to his office. He sent be back to the first office after poke around with my face. I went back to the first dentist office to confront him a second time. I ended up interrogated why he hasn't figured out what wrong with my face. Of his 30+ years as a dentist he still didn't give me an answer/ explanation about my face.At the end the right side of my face was left with lost feeling of nervous, permanently inflamed cheek and lip and lost a dimple. Wait time to be see is awful and expensive. I highly don't recommend them. My new dentist told me what happened to my face at southwest was a freak accident and was handed very unprofessionally.Would rate them 0 stars I fucking hate this buisness!!! this is the most unprofessional business ever!! Along with their orthodonist they worked on my mouth for two years and lost all my paper work over 10 or more times! My poor mother had to do 10 or more consultations which cost 300$ every time they would have a new orthodontist every 2 months and they wouldn't even know where to start because they would lose my paperwork every time!!! they also charged my Mom over 9 grand and they messed up my teeth now having to go to get two implants my mom is now in dept and struggling never go here they will mess up ur teeth and ur life!!!!!!!!!If you want to buy a car from the shadiest dealer in the state, by all means, World Motors is your place.  We purchased a car that we were assured was in mint condition.  When we showed up to pick up the car, it had thousands of miles more than advertised.  Thousands!  "It's never been in a wreck!" they claimed.  Later that night, it was brought to my attention that the navigation system did not work at all.  By the time we got it home, one state away, the paint on the back bumper was starting to chip.  Within the month, without any physical damage from our end, 1/3 of all the paint on the rear bumper had chipped off.  This is a luxury high end car they claimed to sell us! The body shop we took the car to up here said that the only reason for this was because the car had been in a wreck, and the bumper had been recently (and poorly) repainted.  When contacted, the owners basically told us that because it had been past 15 days, they would not do a thing.  I've never met more crooked people in my life.  Save your money and go elsewhere.  Don't let them rob you like they did us.Avoid these shysters at ALL COSTS. My car had a burnt up clutch one day after the 15 day warranty, putting my life in danger. This bunch of crooks said, oh, not under warranty, not our problem, but offered their mechanic to "fix" it at wholesale. Not admitting any guilt in putting a car in that condition on the lot for sale. Wouldn't identify the  mystery mechanic, gave me no information on repair or parts or warranties, just a bill. Two months later, the turbo on the engine went, costing me another $4000. This car was advertised in "pristine" condition. I am assuming that means they washed and vacuumed it. The REAL mechanic I took it too said they never even bothered to change the oil or give it a tuneup before they sold it to me. And when you complain to t hem, all you will get is the "sorry, after the 15 day lemon law warranty not our problem." Knowing full well that the car was sold in poor condition, knowing that they'd lied about it, knowing that whatever went wrong would be after the 15 days and they wouldn't have to do a thing. Might not be illegal, but unethical as hell. These guys are the lowest of the low.I bought the lemon car from this dealership over a year ago. I have spent THOUSANDS in repairs, and have verification from the original dealership on the horrible condition it was in mechanically when sold to me. This dealership continues to threaten me and slander me and post these nasty comments and responses more than a year later. Shouldn't they be working on improving their rep instead of kicking this dead horse? Shows what jerks they really are. Get a real job boys.Now, almost two years after I have purchased this car, after I have had validation from the original dealership about the poor shape it was in when it was sold to me, they continue to bash me here, and claim I am "slandering" them when they absolutely will not own up to anything they claimed, anything they promised, or the agreements we made about my trade in, which they had COMPLETE information on. More lies from these slimeballs. I am amazed they are still in business.i tried to buy a car from them, spoke with them several times about the car , it was a 2012 750i bmw, market price.. they wanted me badly to pay a deposit eventhough i said i will be there tomorrow ... it felt fishy when they also wanted me to wire the money immediately, so i checked carfax  and i was shocked to know that carfax stated that the car is A LEMON... i was really unhappy about that and couldn't believe it ... they responded by saying ... " we told you it was a dealer repurchase ".. ha !!?? dealer repurchase means that it came from a lease NOT A LEMON.. .. i lost my ticket money... so i personally won't deal with these ppl at all.If you love being lied to, then Chase is the way to go for your mortgage! I had a terrible experience getting a mortgage at Chase. I had to call multiple managers at Chase before anything was done. They reimbursed me about $1000 for all the headache and bad information they gave me. $1000 seems like a lot, but they should have given us at least $3,000 back for deceiving us.I used Chase as my mortgage lender, and it was one of the most frustrating experiences I've ever endured. Robert Page, my mortgage lender, said that we would close on October 16th. Then he pushed it back until October 18th. Then he pushed it back until October 21st citing some ridiculous reason. Of course, we couldn't close on the 21 because of another ridiculous reason, so Robert pushed it back until October 25th. You see the trend? Then, we were supposed to close on October 28th....which didn't happen either. If you can't close on a certain date, then don't make a promise. It's that easy! I would have been much happier if you told me from the beginning that we wouldn't be able to close until October 29th...in which case I could have chosen a different lender.The situation got so bad that I had to reach out to Robert's boss, David Campbell. He said he would "take care of us" which is also another broken promise. In an effort to rectify the situation, Chase promised to reimburse us for the rent we had to pay when we couldn't move in on October 16th. Of course, they reneged on that as well.Take your business elsewhere!This is my first review ever on yelp but I just felt compelled to provide this feedback. This is the least helpful branch ever. I have been to this branch no less than three times to try to get something notarized. Each time the notary was not available or I was told there would be a long wait. Ok fine. Today, I wised up and called ahead and they said yes, someone named Justin can do it. Well, I went in and then was told, there is actually not a notary available at this branch that "Justin" can't do it and to drive to a different branch. Do you know how difficult it is to get a baby in and out of the car seat and the car on a hot summer day? No, I am not driving to another branch. Which is specifically why I called ahead to ask. And the person I spoke with blamed it on someone at the drive thru probably answered the phone and didn't know. Um, no, I think I spoke with YOU and you were the misinformed one and didn't know it and are now trying to blame it on someone else. Not once did anyone ever inform me during all my past visits that there actually is not a notary here. I've been a Chase customer for over 15 years and this alone makes me want to switch. So frustrated at the lack of customer service here.Friendly staff and I never have to wait.  prices are very affordable and everyone is a friend.  Love it.

Representative, Customer Relations

Well then there was intermission and the second half began.   Oh boy where to begin where to begin.  It was so slow and boring.... The Tucson Puppet Works should really look into another hobby.  The puppets were poorly made.  It was just bad.  I think I heard maybe one or two people laugh during the entire thing.  For about 4 minutes it was just puppets having sex.  It was boring.  Team America Puppets having sex funny, this, well this was crap.  I kept hoping it wold be over and the new sketch would start.  It kept going and going... I finally stole a program from the person sitting next to us.  When I saw that the Tucson Puppet Works had the entire second half of the show, we stood up and walked out. Children Shows Awesome! Adult Slams... I guess the best way to describe it would be Painful. Extremely PAINFUL!Ugh...where to begin...this was such a waste of time. My friends and I attended a Friday night adult puppet show, just curious to see what it would be like. I am glad it was only $8. I felt like apologizing to everyone afterward  because the entire show was so disappointing.The jokes were not witty, the skits were disorganized and one of them just sad, no one laughed the entire time. For example, one of the skits was about a gay pirate. What is funny about this? How is this an adult theme? Just because he is gay it is an adult theme? Another skit involved a jilted Cinderella-type character who was angry that her Prince Charming left her for a man. Again, it's adult-themed because he's gay? Ok... just not funny. Another low-point in the show was the improv skit, where they asked the audience for a topic and just went with it. The only word I can think of to express what happened is "cringe-worthy." So, what did I expect from an adult puppet show? Well, FUNNY jokes that I have not heard before, and weren't funny just because they're gross. I expected intelligent humor, maybe innuendo and some wit. I don't mind cursing or sexual humor at all, just wanted it to not be so...lame.For the adult puppet slam:We were excited to go.....and we wanted this to be a riotous and fun night.....but.....Just. Not. Good. Seriously bush league, a hodge-podge of barely talented people claiming artistry or humor. Only mildly entertaining for a few (very) brief moments.  That was pretty much the consensus amongst the four of us.I am extremely disappointed.  I planned my whole Sunday around this area, since we wanted to see the puppet show.  The twins were talking about it all morning long.  We went to lunch, and then the twins said " puppet?", it was still a little early so we stopped by to get to sweets to take home.  We got there at 1:15p.m.  They told us to be there by 1:30 since then is when they open the doors and it is first come first serve.  There were two families before us.  The place seemed a little cleaner than last time we were there.  We got in and sat in the carpet (which is the closest for the kids).  The seats are now a little farther away, so I had to sit also on the floor to the side by my twins.  I don't like to leave them unsupervised yet (yes, I am a little bit of a helicopter, they are 4 after all).  The show was supposed to start at 2:00p.m.  The cute little brothers in front of us were asking us the time every five minutes.  When it was 2 they got all excited, but nothing.  10 minutes went by and nothing.  20, nothing, I had to whip out my iPhone and give it to my little girl to have her watch some netflix to keep her calm, my hubby did the same with our little boy, for a while we had a crowd surrounding our kids around the phones.  Finally at 2:30, after sitting in the hard floor for an hour they tell us they are going to start, so they begin with their schtick and "rules", this started to go on and on, it seems like they are frustrated comedians trying their material on this audience.  After 15 minutes I had to leave, because my kids could not take it any more.  I cannot blame them.  They were very good for one hour and 15 minutes of doing nothing but sitting on a hard floor.  I am glad it was a Groupon and not full price, I didn't even ask for a refund, because I am never, ever, ever coming back.The staff is extremely Rude. The blonde older lady was Nasty to us and our kids.  We finally had to snap back when she was mean to our kids. We drove 2 hrs with our family it cost us over $50.00 to get in. Caught the last show, it wasn't a puppet show. Just old props and singing. My kids were disappointed. They are under 5 and also expected a puppet show. I will Never recommend this place. Is this what Pheonix has to offer? Horrible money grabbers!! don't talk to ppls kids diguisting "Ever" lady. Or the Parents.  Save your money ppl and catch a movie.I have been going here since I was young. I always enjoyed it. However, the staff is completely RUDE. I bought a groupon for my family and it instructs you to make reservations in advance. So, I attempted to make reservations the night before, and I was snapped at and told to stop calling and not go make reservations, but to just show up. Let's just say we'll never be attending a show again.Completely underwhelmed by the whole experience. We saw Goldilocks and the Three Bears today.$17 for a 45 minute experience (15 mins of songs only good for the preschool set and rules - 30 minute show) was a bit pricey.The seating was extremely uncomfortable.There were no backgrounds or impressive props. Done on a black curtain backdrop and only 3 bowls, 3 chairs and 3 headboards.Only 5 puppets used and it was obviously all done by a single person. My child could have done this at home. All in all there is no GREAT at The Great Arizona Puppet Theater in my opinion.Do not be fooled by the fact that they have the same location and phone number as the previous florist at this location. (Green Wood Pecker was awesome. I live out of town now and they were my go to for local delivery) Called Floral Fantasy directly, twice to ensure next day delivery to a funeral. I was made to feel that I was inconveniencing them and was told to order via the website instead. I did this WHILE ON THE PHONE with them as I wanted to be sure delivery would take place when memorial would start at 8:00 am next day. I even put the times, address and phone of the service and church in the special instructions field while ordering on line. I was mortified to hear that no flowers were delivered. Do not go here: http://www.floralfantasy.info/ Waiting to see if the promised refund will materialize.I learned my lesson not to use Budget.  I made a reservation with Amex services to later get a bait and switch upsell with an inaccurate quote.  Only rent from budget if you like getting a pressure upsell job at the counter.Further, they later $25 charge for the administrative services to provide my contact information to the AZ robo camera nazis.  I suspect all the rental people charge for this.  However, they certainly didn't have to charge me.Last, arrive at the airport early.  They only had one guy checking in dozens of cars in five lanes.  CHEAP...VW Beetle was listed as the vehicle available when I requested online. The vehicle received was a Kia Soul. From the first time openeing the door it smelled like chinese food. For 5 days.An absolute nightmare! The wait is excessive (almost an hour), staff is curt, slow and non-caring. One of the worst rental car experiences ever! I recommend renting from ANYONE other than Budget in Phoenix.We went to Sedona on our honeymoon and rented a car from Phoenix. I got a priceline deal for the our rental car which said it included tax.   When we arrived at the counter we were told the tax was not included, fine.  They tried extremely hard to upsell us on a car, but we declined and asked for what we had reserved, a compact... she said there was one car of that class left....Well good! we reserved that size, right?? I went to call priceline to ask what kind of raggedy situation they had gotten us in.  Meanwhile, Paisley, our rep, also told my husband that "we HAD to insure the car" after we declined any sort of coverage.  She basically made him feel like he could not leave without buying that insurance.  We should not have signed the agreement but it was really late and we just wanted to leave and we were made to feel like we had to.

* 1 1/2 tablespoons tomato paste

Feigned unbelief and obvious don't bother me ...To topmost off , went to Vons had asked for 35 on pump 4 Rang me up for 5 .. At least the gas guy apologized ... What is it with  VONS ?one star because:

11. Don't take anything they offer for free, they will waste your time and ruin your vacation by making you regret you ever accepted the offer.

Dr: "Let me put it this way, vaginal birth is safer for Mom, c-section is safest for baby."  What new/young mother wouldn't do what's safer for her baby?  He wrote in my chart, "Advised patient of risks/benefits of c-section, patient 'declined' trial of labor."  I didn't even know I could have one!

I have never been served a saltier main course than I had here.  You could not taste the food, only salt. The chef's solutions to mid quality ingredients seemed to be to keep adding more - every dish had too many ingredients and was large.  They have small portions on the menu yet the waitress dissuaded us from them in most cases.  This is the kind of place that makes a salad unhealthy.

I couldn't wait to get him out of my houseMarc was very rude and I would NOT recommend these guys to anyone.  I did not like the bait and switch pricing.The food was good. The wait was horrible 1 person waiting on 10 tables. Hostess did not care that we were waiting more concerned with personal business. The waitress was snippy when we ask for more water eve. Though our glasses were empty.  Can't imagine how this place has been in business this long*sigh* I don't even know where to begin with Adolfo's...nothing was good about this place. First off what is the deal with them being a Venezuelan and Italian restaurant. Just because your restaurant is located in a primarily Italian neighborhood doesn't mean you have to also serve Italian food. Pick one style and be the master of that style food. I would have more respect for them if they just stuck to what they know and only served Venezuelan food. The menu is SO small and there are barely any vegetarian options. My husband and I looked at the menu for about 15 minutes trying to figure out what to order, we didn't want to order pasta we wanted to try a Venezuelan entree but due to no vegetarian options we had to order a pasta dish. Honestly we were a few seconds away from walking out but didn't want to cause a scene, figured we're already there mise well try something. Started with the onion soup and fried plantains. The soup was so so but really oily with a big lump of cheese in it, which was really chewy and the plantains had a bunch of cheese dumped on top of them and were so greasy and mushy! The entree came with a small salad. No thought put into the salad. Cheap lettuce and the veggies were not even diced, the tomato was hard and the dressing choices were so basic. We split the pesto pasta...not good. Barely ate it. Once again too oily/greasy, too much cheese and a generic flavor!

Now comes the biggest issue. Upon checking out with cashier 0135, Eva store #11 I gave her a coupon for Coke Cola which clearly stated .77 a bottle with my rewards card MAX 6. After we were done I checked my receipt and saw she only took off 1.22 for Coke which would equal only 1 bottle. 1.99-1.22=.77. Perhaps she should stop commenting on everything I bought and pay attention.I took my receipt up to customer service and cashier #501, who I really hope was not the manager.  I explained what happened he immediately takes my receipt and goes all the back to the Coke aisle to verify the price. While he was doing that I simply went and got a copy of the ad with coupon so I could show him. He comes back and tells me it's a MAX of 5. I show him the coupon to prove I was telling the truth it's a MAX of 6 so according to my calculations 1.22*5=6.10. As I am showing him this he is quickly working the register and tries to give me back a 1.99. My husband at this point is losing his patience and has to correct him and tell him No... 1.22 Per bottle discount times 5 is 6.10. Finally the guy gives me my refund.Can you please tell me why I have to do your employees jobs for them? Why should I continue to shop at Bashas when Albertsons and Frys are just are close and have better service.I am disabled. Every time I have gone in there the power chairs have broke down. Then the guy at the register was rude and seemed like he hated his job. Been in a few times each time was a disappointment... I'll drive the extra distance and go to Fry's or Safeway...I just moved to the area and always used the UPS where I moved from with no problems, always had great service.  This location is less than 5 minutes from where I live and honestly at times I'd rather poke myself in the eye than deal with the Post Office.  I had a few small packages that I needed to mail.  I don't think sending them at UPS rates would be necessary but I've seen the signs that the ship USPS too.  I go on today and see the same younger man at the counter I've seen at another visit.  He's not friendly or rude just surly but I guess he's not thrilled with his job, whatever as long as my packages get mailed. So I tell him I want them sent USPS, he tells me they don't mail USPS, I inquire about the sign in the window so he back-peddles and says they  don't mail USPS rates, only the post office itself can do that, so they have an "upcharge".  Actually the post office does have contracted locations that accept packages, sell stamps etc at the USPS rate but I'm not there to teach this kid a lesson, I have other things to do with my day.  I ask what the upcharge is and hear "it depends on what you're mailing and where it is going" etc etc and by this time he's being extremely rude and condescending.  At this point I'm done.  Don't advertise something you're obviously not doing just to lure people into the store and scam extra money off them or convince them it would be better to ship via UPS.  There's a FedEX store in the same plaza or a post not 5 minutes away, I'll give either one of them my money just to avoid dealing with someone who has no concept of Customer Service.Well, here I am again.  In the last couple months I have had to return defective merchandise from Amazon. My husband went a couple times on his way home since I didn't want to set foot in this store.  He had great service from Vanessa so we decided to give them another try.  On 3/11 I mailed a birthday gift for someone and after the timeframe had passed for delivery I call UPS, who as usual is worthless. I contact the store directly and talk to Vanessa, again AWESOME customer service.  She tells me the package was damaged and she has to leave a message for manager to call me back.I go to the UPS site today and see that the package was "damaged" and discarded on 3/16.  Hhhhmmm, would have been nice to know. I call this morning speak with Lucas, who apparently doesn't care to be helpful or courteous.  All I am told is that Mike, the manager will call me back; however, he only works 10:00-3:00,  I finally get a message, from Lucas stating that UPS "opened a claim" then denied it for "insufficient packaging because the items should have been in a bag". Considering I was shipping 2 Yankee Candles that's is a pitiful excuse.  I call again and get Mike who tells me that (a) he never received any notification from UPS. I guess it's difficult to get things done when you work 5 hours a day, possibly less if he takes a lunch, then (b) that UPS did not state that the claim was denied "because the items should have been in a bag", he can "try" to dispute it (only once) because "sometimes it works."  Sure, I bet that will work considering UPS threw away everything.  Of course they are always happy to "package" things at a charge.  No thank you.  When I took the package in it would have been obvious if 2 candles were not packed properly.  Considering this is the 3rd package damaged by UPS in 2-3 weeks I'm done using them for anything. 2 packages shipped by a retailer and this 1 I shipped. Of course I'm sure UPS refunds retailers without question. The entire time I am talking, Mike is talking over me and interrupting me.  After telling him numerous times that he needed to stop talking over me, I finally let him know that based on his attitude and Lucas I will not be back.  The only reason they are getting 1 star is due to Vanessa being very cheerful and helpful even on the times she's been by herself with a line of customers.  Very telling that the positive reviews on Yelp for this store are for Vanessa.Me and my wife got a mailbox here so we could begin the moving process before we bought a home in the area. The help staff is very friendly and in the capacity they have, they do what they can. Carol (the lady in charge of the mailboxes) messed up the paperwork for the mailbox number. We got that cleared up, but she did not "open" the box in her system, so when we needed an address verification, they were unable and unwilling to help. It was very frustrating. Then a month goes by and I go to check the box, there was a note that the box had to be upgraded due to having occasional business labeled mail sent to us. We had clarified that we would get mail by different names on the mailbox. All in all, I can't wait till we are able to cancel this box, so that I don't have to ever set foot in the place again.As a guy with kids I've been a frequent visitor to McDonald's all around this great country. I've kept a mental list of the best and worst McDonald's we've visited. Congratulations are in order to this location for finally officially taking top spot from the Maricopa location on John Wayne Pkwy as the WORST McDonald's in existence. How fortunate am I to have a beautiful house in Ahwatukee next to this pathetic and disgusting excuse for a fast food joint. I have waited a year to give them an opportunity to improve or change managers but whatever is wrong here runs deep. It is almost miraculous how standard McDonald's fare can be prepared to taste this bad and be this unappealing despite the obvious attempts to provide equipment and product that makes it foolproof and consistent. In order to keep my faith in humanity I must assume the staff is intentionally trying to undermine and destroy McDonald's reputation. Normal human beings are likely incapable of this level of pure incompetence. The lobby is layered in old food and filth, the employees are angry and rude, the orders are incomplete or wrong, and everything takes for-ev-er. While I sit here I hear two more people ask to speak to the manager (don't bother we've done that too over the past year-nothing will change) and I hear employees arguing with each other and using foul language. NONE OF THIS IS UNIQUE TO THIS VISIT. We are done with this location permanently and will take extra time and gas to cross I-10 to a better location.  Please do yourself a favor and do the same.One of the slowest places I've been to. Do they know it's supposed to be FAST FOOD!? They seem surprised when people show up to  eat at 11:30 for lunch.  They give you some lame excuse for your order taking so long such as "waiting on fries"  and then when you get them they're cold, or they mess up your order and you have to wait even longer while they fix it.Maybe under new management they might do better but I don't know. Maybe McDonald's has just given up.Absolutely the slowest McDonald's in town. All four times this month I have had to wait 20 minutes !!!! So much for fast foodthis place is awesome the only bad thing about it is management. Which is a big deal! I complained to corporate today.

I ordered a Pink Flamingo, which consists of ketel one Citroen, Grand Marnier, cranberry juice, and something or other non-alcoholic.

Ugh.. Never going there again..I just got off the phone after half an hour on hold trying to ask one simple question about my prescription! This was the third time I called today. The recorded voice said there were 2 callers ahead of me at the beginning of the call. Within 5 minutes it said there was only one caller ahead of me. Noone ever picked up. I used to go to CVS but my insurance stopped using them and now I am forced to use this incredibly slow place. Every time I go to pick up a prescription there it almost always takes at least half an hour or more even if there are only one or two people in front of you. The employees don't seem to make any attempt to go faster and don't seem to care about how long they make you wait. I really need to call my insurance company and find out if I have any other choice because this place REALLY SUCKS!I always come to this Walgreens because it's right down the street from my house, and also on the way home from work. Tonight is the absolute last time I will ever visit this Walgreens. We just sat in line at the pharmacy to go for one hour and was told that my prescription wasn't ready. I dropped the prescription off last night they told me it would be ready at 10 o'clock this morning.They told me I had to come inside for my prescription where I then had to wait for another 25 minutes while people try to figure out what was going on with my account, and try to find enough pills to get together not even a half of a prescription for one of my fills. Every month I come in to pick up the same prescriptions and they always tell me that I'm coming to early and that they can't fill my prescription when I'm clearly not coming to early if I've run out of medication.I've never received an apology or even a "I understand this must be frustrating". Management needs to take a look at what's going on here, it's quite disappointing.The pharmacy does not answer phone calls at times. They take a while to answer and just leave the phone ring. Also, the pharmacist take a while to assist customers, give them their prescriptions, and make the line go by faster. What happened to fast customer service?The pharmacy at this Walgreens sucks major weenies. I only go here cause I ain't rich and this is the only place I can go to with my insurance. There are always like 10 people in line to get medicine or whatever and I'm standing there 30 minutes for a damn prescription. Smh and it's not like it's only happened once. EVERY TIME I GOT GET A PRESCRIPTION. I wish I could say I'm never coming here again but I'm a broke ass college student on my parents insurance.The line for check out was absolutely ridiculous!  It looked like we were at a Walmart! Short staff.  Poor service.Horrible and ridiculous wait time for an over the counter ointment really? They take longer much much longer than estimate time they give, when you call it's 25+ min for them to pick up and when they do they hang up! Definitely will be going across the street for my prescriptions.I used a 75% off coupon to get a wood panel picture printed here. What they failed to let me know was that they could not do the wood panels at this location. I even got an email saying it was ready. When I went to the store to pick it up the girl had a serious attitude and told me that someone should have called me but they didn't so there's nothing she can do. My coupon was good for one day only. Her only solution was to order it at another location and pay full price. Very disappointing. Employees look very unprofessional and have attitudes. I will never go to this or any other Walgreens again because of this experience. Terrible terrible customer service.Worst pharmacy I have been to. I only came to this Walgreens because it is 24 hours, but far from where I live. I waited 25 minutes in line to drop off my prescription and was told they did not have 1 of the 4 medications I needed. They recommended I go to another location who could fill all 4 medications and that was not close to this location. I asked if they could double check to make sure they had all my medications so I would not have to come back and I was assured that the other location did. Of course the other location also did not have 1 of the medications so I filled the 3 there and went back to this location. I waited another 25 minutes in line and explained I had already been there but I was sent away and wanted to at least make sure they had the last prescription I needed there. Once they checked they said it would be 1 hour. Then once they verified my information 2 minutes later I was told an 1 hour and 30 minutes. When I mentioned I was just told 1 hour they said no 1 hour 30 minutes. I was extremely disappointed in the service especially since they sent me to another location guaranteeing they would have everything I needed. I wasted a ton of time and they should have originally filled the 3 prescriptions when I was there the first time instead of telling me to fill all 4 at the other location. I will be switching to CVS from now on!Horrible service. Drive through a are supposed to be fast right? I got here at 8:59 it's is now 9:49 still have not got my prescription. Been pulled up to the window for 15 minutes now and no one had greeted me or anything.I wish I could give this negative 5 stars. Yes, as a retail store, it's fine; in fact, I like the retail side. But as a pharmacy, which is supposedly it's main purpose, it sucks BIG time. They actually frequently run out of medications. How is that possible? If they do, they will get the med from another local Walgreens, but then the consumer pays for the pharmacy's inefficiency by having to refill that med at the other location. The lines are incredibly long, even though the pharmacy is staffed by so many people that they're falling all over each other. Of course, it's not as if the customers might be ill and have difficulty standing or anything! They don't even have the courtesy (or is it the brains?) to post a sign when one drive-up is not functioning, as it wasn't from October 2015 through January 2016. I took them four prescriptions for heart meds the day I was released from an ICU. Their stock was so low on some meds that I could not get full prescriptions, receiving instead various percentages of what was prescribed. Now I have to get refills almost weekly and deal with the endless lines either inside or out, even though the original prescriptions were presented on the same day. Walgreens is one more example of what large centralized corporations have done to our economy. We never had this problems when businesses were locally owned. Unfortunately, from what I've read on YELP, no pharmacy in this part of town is any better. Thanks, Walgreens, for helping to make living in this economy so difficult.When they say 24 hour pharmacy, they are referring to amount of time you should plan on waiting to get a simple prescription filled.  This is the worst run pharmacy I have been to.  Save yourself the headache and run to Walmart pharmacy across the street.Seriously I do not know why I bother with this place other than it's the closest fast food to where I live.  So many fails it's unbelievable.  Burgers with no buns, wrong orders, soda without carbonation or taste.  I've even gone far enough to complain to corporate.  Even though they had someone call me about it they actual place didn't seem to improve.   Just skip it.Starts as good still serving breakfast I'm happy ok. Then the McCafe machine is broke ok screw it I'll just by Starbucks. Next order taken employees shift change and forget to make my food. All I can say is are you kidding meWent there on a Sunday afternoon.  It was only moderately busy. But only one cashier (Jessica Carter) taking orders. She complained that kids in general in restaurant were screaming too loud and that she was too busy to accurately take our orders. Waited more than 20 minutes for our food. The order as placed on tray was incorrect.  A new low in fast food...Terrible service! Staff was too busy chatting with each other . I left with my 2 children after waiting 5 min to place an order. I will never return to this McDonald's ! I will take my business elsewhere and recommend you do the same.Came to this McDonald's a couple of times and tried to order a few drinks and their machine did not work for anything. No hot chocolate no hot mocha no anything. On top of that the lady in the drive thru said it hasn't worked for a couple of months. A multi million dollar company and they can't fix the machines?  Wth? Not coming to this mcd again.  And they are slow 10 mins to get a drink.The worst service I've ever seen! They act like you're bothering them. I'll drive an extra couple of miles to go to another McDonald's. or just go somewhere else.This was the third time in less than two weeks that I have tried to order from the drive thru and they said the system was done and they could not take any orders at that time.  Either they have very poor systems that continuously crash or someone is lazy and doesnt want to take orders. Either way I have wasted three trips to this McDonald's and will gladly go to another burger place across the street from now on.Drive thru is absolutely horrible. Every single time I go to this location i sit in the drive thru for the very LEAST 30 minutes and most of the time it is just for 2 drinks not even food just drinks. Not to mention the staff is extremely rude!!  I will from now on make the drive to Lone Mountain and Decatur where they are quick and decently friendly.Ewwww never eating from here again, ordered a bacon ranch salad they forgot to give me the ranch part, plus found a baby cockroach in the salad! Yuck I threw up once I saw something moving in my dam food! This is gross! How the hell do you give people food that has bugs in it! Please management check the food!!Always a long wait and employees are sooo ghetto. I order egg mcmuffin a and usually get burned buns...always check your order before driving off!!!!My niece and nephew wanted McD's all day breakfast so we packed into the car and arrived by appx. 11:30am when we ordered the nice young man informs me that his manager is not allowing them to make certain things from the all day menu. Now what is frustrating about this is there is a FULL tray display marked all day breakfast with every item I wanted to order on it. WTF!?! Why even have the display directly on the counter. I understand they have the right to not participate but then DONT DISPLAY IT. The management here is always terrible.  As a store manager myself I am always appalled at how this location is run. I'm done with this place and I'll be sure to inform people to avoid this location and go to the new location on Cheyenne just west of Losee Rd. Considering it took us 30 minutes to get one happy meal and an order of cinna-melts. SMH wow!Every single time we came here they messed something up! But that's not the worst thing about this place.The dumb ass kid employee's with their fucking salty ass attitudes!The last time I came here, there was no line, maybe one car behind us. The young girl who took our order had the worst attitude. She completely messed up our order, she tried handing us an iced coffee and I don't know how she heard that, but we didn't order it and I guess that set her off even more so she rudely took it back without saying anything at all and so my bf got mad and said out loud "Wtf is with this bitches attitude?!?" We then told her that she forgot our straws and she came back and THREW it at my bf's hands, luckily he caught it in the air. So my bf cussed her out through the window and we drove off.Now, I recently made great change in my life so I miraculously didn't pull her ass through the window and beat the shit out of her. And for that, I am very proud.So I really hope that girl, you know who you are, I hope she reads this:You need to consider yourself very lucky.1. because I didn't break your face2. because you have a job. You are a very unintelligent, ungrateful little dumb bitch and you deserve to get knocked the fuck out. It is not the world's fault that you work at McDonalds. How about stop being a cunt and get an education and go somewhere in life.And be careful who you throw straws at, next time you may not be so lucky.This place is horrible. Everytime we go there there's something wrong. Either they don't serve items at certain times like lunch items during breakfast, or the ice cream machine is never working! Just fed up with this place.... I'd rather drive further to go to a better mcdonalds.If I could give 0 stars I would. This is the worst and when I say the worst I mean it they 1. Take FOREVER the slowest fast food in history. 2. Food is never fresh NEVER even if you ask nicely. For instance I just left the drive thru all I ordered was 4 cookies and a large fries I'm told everything will be fresh when I get to the window to pay...cookies were damn near cold, fries were old, stale, greasy and I had a large fry container but only enough fries to fill a small..so I said something the cashier gives me the look like I'm a complicated situation, I'm told to pull to the side for less than 3 mins and they will be right out...BS! I waited an additional almost 10 mins and they had the nerve to give me the same fries...you know the stale , old and greasy ones and just added a few hot fresh ones on top...I will never go back to this pathetic establishment they need to retrain staff, rehire, or just close it down all together.I am stuck in the drive through  for 10 minutes now. Waiting to order food. The employee still had not taken the girls order yet. Bull shitthis mcdonalds is so damn ghetto.. keep drivingIf you hate your life that much, just commit suicide. Take some pills, put a gun to your head; don't get a job at McDonald's and be rude. It isn't my fault you're on parole and can't get a job anywhere else....I wanted to pick up some dinner, so I went to the McDonald's location on Craig Road and Camino Al Norte. I ordered a fillet a fish cooked fresh with extra tartar sauce, what I received was a burnt fillet a fish with barely any tartar sauce. I have been trying to contact that McDonald's location for hours, the phone number that is listed is (702)649-7578. I do understand I'm referring to a McDonald's, but if I am paying with my hard earned money I should get what I'm paying for, so I will continue calling that McDonald's location until I can speak to a manager.It wasn't the best Sally's I've been to. When I walked in, the cashier said hi, then I went ahead to do my shopping and she followed me everywhere. Way to make a customer feel welcomed? What, are you afraid I'm going to shoplift? Every time i went from one isle to another, she followed, and then pretends like shes just organizing merchandise. Get some cameras or something if you're so concerned with people shoplifting... stalking people down the isle and pretending its just a coincidence is just a way to make costumers feel unwelcome, and trust me... you're gonna lose costumers that way.DO NOT SHOP HERE!  My wife bought hair for my daughter, and the size was not what was indicated on the package.  They refuse to allow a return or even an exchange because they have a no return policy.  We are out over $100.I usually go to this store every 3 months for hair supplies, I had encounter one of their associates, she's the older lady, I'm not sure if she is white but she's light skinned. Short hair. She had horrible customer service. I brushed it off. Then last night there she is again, I am waiting to be checked out while she is standing there looking at another employee show another customer some merchandise. In my head I'm like should I tell her to check me out, I don't want to sound rude. Then she looks at me and tells me, "do you need help?" I answered "yes I am waiting to be checked out" then she says "that means you haven't been helped therefore the answer would be yes" but she said this in a very sarcastic way. Omg after that I was so upset, I am a customer not your friend daughter etc. you don't talk like that to customers. Then I had a coupon for renewing my membership, I gave her the code, she looked at me and told me "that's not it", I gave it to her again and again the same thing. I told her " I have it right here that is the number" she just acted like she didn't care then another employee comes and shows here what she was doing wrong and she didn't even apologize for acting like I was stupid. Honestly I'm totally disappointed, they won't be seeing me there anymore.I am usually not inspired to write a review about a business unless its positive.  I typically think it's not worth my time to post a negative one.  My recent experience with this particular Sally's was a whole different ballgame.  I am like most people in that I adore excellent customer service and abhor poor service skills. I needed something that I would have gone to another store closer to my husband's job to look for, but I had a few basic questions, was in this area and in a hurry. I phoned ahead to make sure they had what I needed for my sixteen-year-old daughter.Instead, I received a rude associate who answered the phone without any idea about what I was talking about and acted inconvenienced by my call, period.  Subsequently, it caused me to hang-up feeling confused and frustrated.  I ended up finding another AWESOME beauty supply store very close to this Sally's, thank GOODNESS.  I found great customer service there and was helped personally by an owner who understood the meaning of customer appreciation.  I was moved to write the good review for their store and thought, "You know, you should let others know about your negative experience so that they aren't subjected to it."You're welcome. LOLThe workers here are incredibly rude and disrespectful, including the store manager she's horrible!There is always a guy panhandling outside the store.  I've been there three times and he's always hanging around outside the smoke shop.  I mentioned it to the employee and they acted like this was just normal.  I should just deal with panhandling 5 feet from the door.  I bought one item that was marked as a sale price and it rang up almost $10 more than the marked price.Was down there today to exchange a flat iron they told me I couldn't without a receipt... After questioning them about the policy (nicely) the girl went to confirm with her manager. She came back and said no we can't I said that's fine and then the mgr came out and said the policy states... I interpreted her and told her I don't need the policy read for me if u can't u can't. As I left the manager was from behind the counter as if she's wanting to square up with me... I just kept walking. Try another Sally's this one is ghetto.Awful customer service.......ok other words necessary..my advice don't waste your time nor moneyI do not recommend this place. They are very friendly and they need to be due to the poor job performance. My manicurist was polite and talkative, but my simple manicure was uneven and not cut as short as I requested. She did push for polish, buffing and a pedicure. I will not be returning.Worst nails I have ever seen in my life!!! Don't go to this place!!!! A bunch of hacks who can't do nails to save their lives!!! Told them I was unhappy and hated my nails and they refused to give me my money back!!!!Just walked in the door to my home my wife took my daughter to this place to have her nails done for a birthday gift, worst birthday gift ever should've just bought her a Pinto. with how bad this place is I can't figure out how they're still in business do not go there very rude and they do not know how to do nails it should be called crappy nails not classy nails. they refused fix the problem or redo them and would not give me my money back after they tried to charge me $15 more than they were supposed to absolutely a joke I will be contacting the Better Business Bureau. if possible I would give zero starsHorrible place, dirty, and the male techs look like they could care less about nails. Don't they realize they work for tips?  I've seen them dilute nail polish with polish remover and that makes the finish very dull instead of shiny. I kept hoping they would improve since I work nearby and it's so convenient but it really is pathetic.Worst nail experience ever! DO NOT use your debit/credit card at this salon, they will give themselves a tip! My tech cut my finger open and then added a 6 dollar tip on my card without my consent. It should have been 32$ even for my mani/pedi and I get a receipt for 38$. I am definitely never going back.Walked in for a pedicure.  25$ down the drain.  Worst pedicure ever.  A kid could have painted my toes better.  Asked for square shape there rounded.  Rushed and hardly took any time to do a good job.  Save your money go somewhere elseWent in for a pedicure today and eyebrow wax, waxing went ok even though she had a full conversation with a coworker as she waxed my eyebrows. The pedicure was awful I chose the $25 pedicure the most expensive one is $35 he literally took 15 mins my feet barely touched the water! The polish he used was old or something Bc it has bubbles and feels rough. I paid extra for  callus remover and it made my feet turn white and start peeling within an hour after leaving! I asked him for change to leave a tip (before I realized how awful they were) and he brings me back 4 fives I said I need singles he said he didn't have any and stood there waiting for me to hand him a five dollar bill. I WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK HERE! THIS WAS THE WORST PEDICURE I HAVE EVER HAD! My feet are rough and dry, the looked and felt better before I allowed this place to touch them! Giving them one star was generous. I don't know names Bc they didn't introduce themselves no attempt at customer service!This branch is slow. Full staff but yet one teller? Just don't make any sense. 21 people in line and one teller. 20 minute wait. You think they would come out and help but NOPEThis is the worst and slowest place for a kids haircut... Only 2 girls working and have waited and hour and a half no one greeted nor said thank you for waitingDon't go here.. Came in advising how my sons hair is very curly and I wanted it short but even and if she isn't able to do that she can do a Mohawk both of which didn't seem well received. I asked should I take him elsewhere as my son is 3 and she wasn't even going to put him in any of the fun seats . When she began to buzz I could tell this wasn't working out . She got her manager who attempted to rectify the situation but damage was already done and no apologies were made. If she would've said sorry I would've tipped them each $5 but got nothing but "oh his hair is curly" no duh! I came in with a full head of hair and now I've got a bald baby with patches. Don't botherWe have been going to cool cuts for a little while. But yesterday was the las time. We had a appointment at 4pm. By 4:15 we walked out. The person we had the appointment with was out doing something else. Nice service NOTI really like the concept of this place but I hate the attitude of the people that work there. This is my 6th visit and it is time to give my opinion. My child is Autistic and has trouble with hair cuts, especially the cut hair touching his skin and he hates wearing the cape.  I usually make an appointment ahead of time, and tell them in advance that my child is autistic. I hear the same thing every time, "We are trained to handle children with Autism".First there are various levels of Autism, high functioning to low functioning.  Yet every time I go in there, an overwhelming feeling of disappointment comes over me. I am already stressed from getting my kid there and then the attitude just adds to my stress level.  I get checked in by the same short young woman asking, "What is your tel number?".  You would think by now she can smile when she asks me this information.  I get the same cold attitude, the bit of awkward silent treatment, not even a smile, they never acknowledge my child.  I happen to ask for the same person every time thinking that my child with begin to be at ease with this person but no it's the same ugliness.  I am pretty sure she hates having to do my kids hair, and he can probably sense her attitude.  She asks, what do you want me to do today? Hello, this is the kid you can't forget that easily, do I need to spell out exactly what I really came in for.  How about "A decent haircut that will make my kid look like any typical kid at school". She butchers the kid hair every time and says oh it will grow back it is only hair.  I think they should start to advertise that they only know how to cut hair using an electronic shaver that can set to the # 2, 3, 4 settings. So they just have to run that thing the the hair and cut it all off.That is how I feel and they charge $18. That's a great spend of $23 with a tip. Nasty attitude and a rough cut.Not sure if I will go there again. Hope you all have better luck, no wait they are nicer to everyone else.I got a pedicure here. First, i sat in the spa chair for an hour before anyone ran my water, mind yu, there was only 3 customers ! A lady started on my feet and stopped to tend to my friends hands and she didn't even wash her own hands! Ew! And when she came back to finish my feet my water was cold! She half scrubbed my feet and I had to remind her to get my cuticles, and then she left again for another 20 min and a young guy came finished my feet, I had gotten white gel on my toes and he did a horrible job, the paint was all over my nail bed and cuticles, it looked like I did my own pedi, my feet were so dry and 3 days later my feet peeled horribly for days.. And then my gel chipped in a week! NEVER AGAIN.! Beware! It should never take 3 hours for a pedicure in a place that had a total of 3 customers with full staff!Why have this restaurant listed? IT HAS CLOSED DOWN!!!Im so Damn Mad right now I cant see straight I ordered lunch for my boss and I to be delivered and I got the fuckin short end of the stick! I had the BLT sandwich and it came with extra burnt bacon and rancid mayo. I called back and asked them to replace my meal with fresh Items the owner who happens to be the cook in her russian voice said no im not replacing anything...Really you dont know who you fucking. If you like eating here you wont for long. because im going to see to it that this place get every demerit thats coming to them.Don't ever eat at the restaurant here. I ordered a salad that was served to me with moldy cucumbers, old tomatoes and onions along with watery and soggy lettuce. Our server was nice but her foreign accent was so thick,there was a communication difficulty when I was trying to tell her the salad was basically crap. I asked her if it was fresh and she said it was! So I asked,"Do you know how long it takes for vegetables to grow mold?". I also ordered the chicken fingers with a side of ranch and a pepperoni pizza. I noticed that all three (Chicken finger batter,Ranch,and Pizza) had the same parsley spice mixed in them and thought it was very weird. The pizza and chicken fingers were good and tasty though. The experience reminded me of an episode of "Kitchen Nightmares".Ordered a pizza to go very light on toppings and sauce asked to reorder said no not very good customer serviceSo aggravated!! Went to pick up our order today ( 1 dress, 1 men's 2pc suit and 1 men's dress shirt) and when the items were hung for us to pick up, the suit jacket was missing. When we pointed out the missing jacket the older male behind the counter asked me if I in fact turned the jacket in to be cleaned. Of course i did. First of all, I know what I brought. Secondly, the drop-off receipt clearly read 4 items to include a TWO PIECE SUIT. There were only 3 items in front of me. The female behind the counter stared at me for a minute as if she were trying to see if I was lying. Finally, the male and female began to look for it and what do u know... They found it. On the floor. Under the racks. It was kind of funny watching them climb through the rack, searching. The male picked it up and showed it to us, full of dust and ridiculously wrinkled. The male stated that because the suit jacket was too long (my boyfriend is 6'9") for the rack, when the jacket came around it brushed over the top of all the boxes that are under the racks causing it to fall. The male offered to brush the dust off and iron it. I just wanted to take it and leave but my boyfriend wanted it fixed right there.Once the jacket was finished, the male hung it so we could inspect it. He lifted the plastic and there was dog hair and lint all over it from the beating it took on the floor. My boyfriend asked them to remove the hair with a lint brush or something but the male insisted that the dog hair wasn't dog hair, that it was fibers from inside the jacket and they don't "do that". Meaning they don't remove the fibers but they weren't fibers!!! Anyone with eyes could see the difference between fabric fibers and dog hair. I was picking lint and DOG HAIR off the jacket and was showing it to the male. I was so upset!The male did offer to re-clean the jacket but at that point even my boyfriend was DONE! The male did take $1.75 off of the $11.75 total. The main reason for choosing Oasis was because it was so close to my home. Now, I don't care if I have to drive 10 miles to the next nearest cleaner, I will never return to Oasis Cleaners.Was there yesterday because I was told they were a good old fashioned shop. I come from a long line of barbers on both sides of my family and I can say with absolute certainty that I received the worst haircut here and as for professionalism if I could rate them -5, I would.Crappy service.I live REALLY REALLY close to this Krispy Kreme and up until now I had only ever used the drive thru. Today (Fathers Day) I wanted to go grab a dozen glazed and a dozen mixed for my AMAZING neighbor.  I decided to go inside so I could see the different selections of doughnuts. In retrospect I should of just stuck to what had been working because there was only one car in the drive thru when I parked.  Dun..Dun..Dun.. Upon entering the location I got into line but the customer in front of me was being helped by a male employee.  Now please keep in mind it was a holiday so I was expecting to wait. Honestly I would of been HAPPY to wait. My problem was more the fact that after the employee was done helping the man in front of me he literally walked away after making eye contact with me but not even acknowledging my existence. Maybe I worked in the service industry too long but in my view you are supposed to say "Hi! someone will be with you as soon as possible". Anyhow by the time (atleast 5minutes) someone did finally help me it was a female. I asked about the "hot" glazed because I just wanted to get out of there. She stated they are going to be WARM. Now the HOT sign was on but I said go ahead and give me those. Well guess what? they didn't seal the box with my doughnuts so when I was leaving it FLEW OPEN and in a pursuit to not DROP them all over I smashed some of them. Needless to say the love affair with their addictive doughnuts will CEASE to exist in my world now. I just cant excuse tons of CALORIES a long with a Mood killer!!!This is by far the worst customer service EVER. I will never return to the store. I went the first time and was helped by Stephanie, when I asked for 2 seperate boxes it was nothing but attitude, like I just asked her to do the impossible. Then when I wrote to corporate, a guy named Ken responded and was very nice. He claimed to be the owner of this location and said that for the inconvenience he would put my name down for a free dozen donuts. When I went to claim that donuts, Erick (the manager) again gave me nothing but attitude and said he didn't know who the owner was and that my name wasn't in the book. I will NEVER return to this store, not even for free donuts.This Krispy Kreme is so dirty. I took my little sister to the restroom and cockroach came out of now where. When I confronted them about it, they told they came from outside but the WHOLE store was filthy. All the tables were dirty and so was the floor. I wish I could give them NO STARS. The staff wasn't very friendly either. I will not be returning to this establishment ever again.I was a new customer who never tried Krispy Kream donuts before. I walked in, browsed the menu and looked at some donuts in the case. The girl working asked if I needed help and I said "yes I have never had your donuts before and I was wondering if I can sample a plain glazed donut" she says.... "Wait! Are you gonna buy something, because I only give samples to the people that buy something." I was absolutely floored by her lack of professionalism. I have never been profiled in such a manner nor have I ever encountered such terrible customer service. She definitely scared off a new customer and I will not ever return to this location or recommend it!The doughnuts here are amazing, but the customer service is horrible! The girl who helped us (Karina) was super unfriendly and rolled her eyes every time we tried to order something. The one man was super pleasant making the doughnuts and waved at my nephew but the 2 girls working on Monday were very rude! I would expect a place like this to be kid friendly but she wouldn't even listen to my nephew when he asked her a question, she ignored him! Definitely not coming back here because of the customer service! Hire new people and I'd love to come back, until then the girls should check their attitudes!The Krispy Kreme website clearly states that this location has their drive thru open at 5 AM. Currently waiting in drive thru at 5:18AM and they are not open. Google states the store hours are at 5:30am but drive thru should be open. The customer service here is awful as well as I have been here before. Ordered a iced vanilla coffee and the person in drive thru charged me for a vanilla latte and explained to me that that is what people normally mean when they order a iced coffee! Nope! Please update hours on the website to reflect when you actually want to open please so no one wastes their time.The donuts we received were cold even though the "HOT" light was on. I asked why the donuts were cold if the hot light was in. He replied, we usually leave the light on. I was amazed because everybody knows what the hot light means. After several more attempts to get hot donuts when the light is on, we gave up. Save your gas and go to another location. Oh yeah, did I mention poor service. On one visit, the counter person said "I'll be right back" and started helping load their truck. I had to honk several times. Then someone else came to the window 5 minutes later and apologized.Thanks Krispy Kreme.Went thru the drive thru to order donuts and hot chocolate.. First off their menu is out of date, they didn't even have the chiller drinks listed, Second the 2 hot chocolates tasted like plain hot water! My co-worker and I didn't realize it until we were already at work so I called the store to let them know it was horrible and all the lady said was she would check her machine in a rude tone. Horrible customer service!! Would never recommend this store..The donut I had was delicious.  The attitude of staff and cleanliness of the restrooms were both disgusting.  Also the espresso machine was broken.  Coffee drinks are a HUGE part of the menu at donut shops, so if you ask me, that is unacceptable.  I have included a picture of the bathrooms.  What you can't see in the picture is that the entire floor was wet.  I couldn't tell if it was pee or water but either way, my pants got soaked and I am absolutely disgusted.Their food is... "okay" We ordered and then literally 2 minutes later, we got the food. The food was dry and cold. I know it doesnt take 2 minutes to make 2 meals, so maybe this happens to be someone elses order that they forgot or something... who knows, but there was no way they cooked up our food in 2 minutes. I think applebees has become my last resort. we didnt even finish our food. it was gross.Now I remember why we don't come here in the past couple years.. Ok come in , request table for 2.. 4 people that come in 10 minutes after us go right to a table, we ask why we weren't seated there since we request a table... She says because that's a large table.. Um ok so if there's only 2 of you then u get seated sometime after larger parties .. Get seated and no shit 14 minutes later we stop someone to maybe order.... Just crap service... Crap food.., will NOT be backDon't waste your time or money at this Applebee's. They have terrible service & the food is not up to par by any means. When my plate came to the table ( I ordered to steak & shrimp) I got a horrible wiff of a terrible smell ( I thought the lady at the next table passed gas). The smell wasn't going away so I cut my steak & smelled it & nearly threw up. It smelled rotten. I asked the mgr to take the meal off my tab & he rudely stated that "it is just the Parmesan". No it wasn't. By the time we finally got our server back by our table for the check, she dropped it off and disappeared again. We tried asking another server to cash us out, and she wasn't able to. So we practically left exact change on the table after another 10 mins of waiting & left. I have friends that have had similar experiences. Will never go back to this place again, never ever.The menu items and food were decent and VERY affordable. This location at lunch time is run VERY POORLY. The waitress took forever to bring out our food and when she finally did bring us our lunch she brought my Mother and Sons items. My food was left back in the kitchen. Which I didn't receive until AFTER I saw her walking out of a little cubby on the side of the back area of the restaurant looking baffled like she realized she forgot something.Once my food actually arrived guess what her response was  "Sorry we were waiting on the shrimp, and they are making us all do quizzes." Which really made me upset because I had heard two of the employees over by the bar discussing results. One of which happened to be the manager (a heavy set white male) I  believe his name was Jason could be wrong on that. I decided to walk over and give him a peace of my mind.He was unapologetic and fake. Once he realized the issues at hand he came over and kneeled down and simply said "Well how is the food now that it is here?" honestly I have never in my life experienced a manager who was so unprofessional.I am glad my meal was a little over $20 because that made it a STEAL. I typically tip 30% for good service this waitress got the standard 15% all because she wasn't genuine or able to realize you should NEVER tell customers excuses just Sorry. Only time I got a sorry was when I had lost my cool and she replied back with a "WELL SORRY"Ugh Applebees on craig road probably doesn't care about their yelp rating but it makes me sad because the new honey crispers are delicious. They are the only reason I am happy to give 1 star.Went here tonight let's just say the service was horrible when the server said we were putting miles on her feet to get us drinks and half our party got food and finished while the others waited and when the food did arrive it was wrong and my grandmother ordered a steak that was a Mistake dry and over cooked being in this industry I would not recommend this place to any one . This is for sure the worst service I've ever had :(We went to Applebee's for dinner. Placed our order. Had a nice time until the food arrived. The Manager helped our waitress deliver our food, he reached across the table past two glasses of lemonade and yes you guessed it both glasses were knocked over spilling all over my husband. No apology no nothing except of course the bill without even a dime taken off. We will never again enter this establishment and I suggest if you do bring a change of clothing.So they used to have strawberry lemonade on their menu. If you go here and order a strawberry lemonade or a quencher lemonade the only difference is one has some canned strawberries added and cost two dollars more without refills. Asked for the manager and he clearly admitted that the picture in the menu is very misleading. The menu shows what looks like a premium drink and what we got was from the fountain. Applebee's in general is declining in quality and atmosphere but this location has been particularly hit hard. Service is bad and waiters and waitresses are a mess. The food here tastes like they just pour salt on everything way too much. You shouldn't have to Yelp Applebee's but I found it very comical that the menu and what you actually get has such a discrepancy.Worse place ever on top of the food being bad, and the server not on top of the ball, the manager at night was just as bad. this has got to be the worse establishment ever... Started of great got sat down quick took a while to get drinks, when appetizers came out they were cold ask if they can just throw them in the microwave the waitress gave a attitude... When done with the meal we paid and were about to leave when we were so quickly to get blamed for not paying the bill wtf the manager came out very inappropriate when I asked kindly that his actions were rude all he did was blame the server and the server need to be retrain blaming for no pay when we said we paid twice inside the restaurant... After all said I told the manager he need a attitude change because that's no way to treat PAYING customers.... He quickly said I can act and say whatever I like honestly this restaurant is garbage and I will never come backWent here for dinner last night. We received a gift card as a wedding present and we're very excited to have dinner here. Our waitress was incredible she was nothing short of lovely smart and very consistent with making any of our needs happen. We gave her a $10 tip and suggested to her to find a new job somewhere else for her talents can be appreciated. The food however was absolutely disgusting I ordered the triple bacon burger which I would assume would have triple the bacon and had two tiny slices of bacon on top. I I was hoping it at least would taste good. It did not the Baconator from Wendy's has more bacon than this did and the taste is much better. Now for $12 for a burger I would expect more. My partner had the steak and shrimp parmesan he looked nauseous as he ate it. We both just got through our meals and hoped we could just finish. I'm sorry we both agreed we would never go back to Applebees again. We told our waitress over the huge concern over our food however I know there's nothing she could do about it. She did her job and provided exceptional service Applebees did not do their job by providing absolutely terrible food for their clients to eat never ever ever ever will go back.Not extremely happy with the service or the condition of the sliverware. I had to ask for a cup of hot water so I could clean my knife and fork. I tried really hard to be as discreet as possible, as to not bring attention. My server was multi-tasking, however when I was ready for my bill, she was busy having a personal conversation with another employee (a pretty long one I might add). She came over to check on me, but not really checking on me. I switched out regular fries for sweet potato fries, but she never told me it would be extra. Not that big of a deal, but it would have been nice to be informed. Don't think I will go back to visit that one.I have been to this Applebee's many times before but this is for sure my last time! I have never been treated so badly. The bartender we had to ask for a drink and the manager to order... The bartender walked past us about 30 times not one time looking at us to see if we wanted anything else to order or drinks it was the worst Jessica is terrible don't go to this Applebee's they have terrible customer service!Bad service! I came here at 10:30 at night. My friend and I had to wait at least 15mins before anyone acknowledge us.  We had to ask a waiter if anyone was going to help us. Once we got someone to come to our table. She came with an attitude. It took them 45 mins to serve us the appetizer by the time we got to our meal we weren't even hungry anymore. I asked for a water and she forgot about my water never got a refill. This place was horrible for my first time coming here.Never going to this location again! Horrible experience! My sister and I got completely burnt chicken strip and when they remade them it took over 45 minutes! Our server told us he informed the manager and that gave us the oh so generous 10% off our meal. I was so mad I complained on their survey, an hour later I get a call with an apology, i was told the manager was never really told and the server just gave us the military discount to save his our butt, and a $25 giftcard. Not even that was enough to ever make me come back the the Craig location. If I could give it half a star I would!Very disappointed with our visit here yesterday afternoon. My husband's order was never put in. No one came to check if all our meals were given to us or if we needed refills. When we finally were able to get someone's attention, we were told that his order was never put in, and if he wanted to wait it would be an additional 15 min. By this time our group was almost done eating. My husband said forget it. We were only offered a dessert by the manager. I would have hoped she would of at least offered us a free meal when we came back (which we never will) or a discount off our tab. No tip for you.Worst experience.  Ordered 2 for $20 meal.  Boneless wings appetizer were all bread dipped in bbq sauce, too much sauce and you can't see if there's any chicken.  Ribs was dry and tough.  Cedar grilled lemon chicken was over salty and too sour.  No apology from the lousy server.  She didn't offer any refills.  She said she's fixing the others order.  After waiting for a while.  She gave us our check and said the other food we ordered is not coming.  What a waste!  No match for the nearby Panda Express.Good so far haven't been here in years let ya know when the food gets here and I just got my food and I ordered the blazin Texan w/fries and let's say the fries were better then the burger this is the reason y don't go to places like this tgifridays is so much better stay away the burger didn't even make senseAt Applebee's, beware of that little computer tablet sitting on your table.  This innocent looking machine might be nice for ordering and paying your bill with a credit or debit cards, but looks can be deceiving.While waiting for your order, it sits on your table begging for you to play a game.  Thinking that it will only charge a credit card, curiosity got the best of me and I started playing with it.  I played one game.  Well, surprise, surprise!  Applebee's charged me $1.99 for this stupid game I only played once.  I am extremely disappointed in Applebee's allowing this scam in their business.  There is no mention of the cost of playing any of these games prior to playing.  When I complained to a waiter about the extra game charge on my bill, she laughed and said she was not aware of it.  Why would Applebee's risk their hard earned dining reputation on a cheap scam.  By the way, the food was OK.Horrible service ordered a rare steak got it well done ordered a Blue Moon got a Bud light2nd time coming to this location. 1st time bad experience 2nd time had another down fall. Fries cold took over 20min to get a new batch. Received Cold again. Come on only fries how hard could that have been. Then when telling the manager all he could say is I could get you a new order. Wow sure why not let me eat another cold batch with another 30min later. Sure I am just going to site around and wait for another cold plate of fries.Our waitress was Jennifer and it took awhile to get our drink order which was fine but our food took awhile which was delivered by another person  and my mashed was cold so they replaced them my ribs were dry and hardly had any sauce on them I am guessing our food sat in the window awhile .server had a party of about 10 people whom I noticed were getting excellent service ..we have been to this applebees b4 and had excellent service from a waitress named Kat .very disappointed this time Jennifer would have known the ribs were awful if she had at least come by once to check back but never did ..she took excellent care of her large party .I usually don't complain because I to am a server but there was no reason for her not to come by at least once to check on our dinner we were just a party of two ..I did tip but she did miss out on a very large tip because of our service .hope large party tipped well cause she only took care of themA COMPLETE AND TOTAL MESS!Imagain a bunch of 14 year olds with no supervision running a restaurant. Absolutely no leadership, minimum staff at best, and what is there, lacks knowledge, customer service, and initiative. If there is a manager in that place, they are either 100% incompetent or dead. It's 3PM on a Saturday, over half the tables are empthy, but need to be cleaned, the waiting area is full of people waiting to be seated, people are waiting outside to get in, and people are leaving as they are tired of the wait,  attitude, and overall lack of leadership and organization.Worst customer service. Called for a to go order and they said it would take 20 minutes; came inside after waiting the 20 minutes; sat at the bar for another 15 minutes and the food was cold.Ok. We come here and find out they are out of fries, out of potatoes, out of lemons and out of won ton tacos.   In addition we find out the wait time to get our food is an hour.  Really, whoever is the manager needs to be fired and they need to start over.Service is horrible today. So very slow, but tons of waitresses standing around or sitting down eating. One server was rude and threw utensils on our table when we asked for some since the table didn't have any. Very unfriendly. Last time coming to this Applebees.Curbside service food NASTY!

Room is not big but clean and okay.

So opinion  if free - why not if staying at hotel and not wanting to venture out. Better option - get the Fremont experience- people watch in the open mall area, grab a drink, etc. An opportunity to feel a part of Vegas as opposed to feeling another part of vegas, tired performer, old act , some laughs but won't leave smiling and saying I wished act was longer or we have to come back and see him.

We were a party of six and spent a $100 on pizza and salad.

Went to cancel this month, December, and noticed i was charged $29 for the next year's maintenance fees and $25 cancellation fee. I asked if I could be refunded the maintenance fees because I shouldn't help pay for next year's maintenance if I'm no longer a member and canceling before the next year starts!!  They told me they need a 10 day notice before a charge is made to your card to be refunded. What?!?!? Sorry I don't have my crystal ball with me to warn me when you are going to charge me a hidden fee!!!!  Boooooo Youfit!!!!  Good riddance!!!!!!Horrible equipment. !!!!Horrible experience  !!!!After moving out of state.  They really make it tough to cancel a membership. I've been trying to get this done for 4 months now !!They will make you send a Certified letter to cancel and charge $ 30 plus Dollars to cancel .  Spend the extra money and go 24 Hour of LA fitness !!I was a little, make that a LOT, unsure about giving a bank account number to pay for membership fees and should have listen to my gut. I have tried to camel my membership and was told I have to come in person to do this or send a certified letter to cancel. After explaining I have moved out of state and work "post office" hours, can the cancellation be emailed? Nope. I talked with a manager, then another supervisor and they are not accommodating at all. Well, I spent my Saturday in line at post office, sent the letter, and then found out it had to reach them 10 days before the billing cycle to not be charged for the up coming month AND that I had to pay an additional $25.00 processing fee to cancel (REALLY? A fee to cancel???!) which was not disclosed by any of the 4 people I spoke with when I had initially called to cancel. This place should change their name to "YOUFILL my pockets".If I could give zero stars, I would.  I was in temporary housing for two months.  I explained to YouFit my need for ONLY TWO MONTHS membership.  They insisted, "no problem".  Today they took money out of my checking account ... I am no longer in the area ... when I called to address it, they said I would have to cancel 30 days previous, and send a "certified letter" to cancel my membership!  REALLY, A CERTIFIED LETTER?  YouFit misrepresented themselves 1,000%!  They NEVER mentioned what it would take for me to no longer have to pay monthly.  I truly feel taken advantaged.  They staff at YouFit seem like it is all about you ... but it is not ... it is all about how they have their gimmicks!I am not a fan of this gym. Do yourself a favor and open a member ship where they actually give a shit about you.$10 a month? Look out for the hidden fees! Why join a place that's dishonest about fees? Read what Alan H. has to say. "They will make you send a Certified letter to cancel and charge $ 30 plus Dollars to cancel"  I go to Tangible Fitness. Locally owned "No Hidden Fees & Reasonable Monthly Rates"THIS GYM IS HORRIBLE!! DO NOT EVER GO THERE!! They are CROOKS! They say it's $10/month, but they don't mention all the hidden fees. AND unless you cancel on the first day of the month, they'll charge you for the next month! So, I just tried to cancel my account, it is only June 10th, and I'm getting charged for the month of July!The employees are rude. The managers are assholes. The trainers are rude. A lot of their equipment have broken parts. The drinking fountain water is warm. They do not offer any classes. I was lied to by omission the day I signed up. When I told this to a manager the day I tried to cancel, she basically called me a liar and refused to waive the extra fees.Seriously, DO NOT USE this gym!! After all the hidden fees, it's closer to $20 a month than $10 a month, and at that rate, just spend a little extra and join a GOOD gym instead.As everyone has said... DO NOT SIGN UP unless you wish to pay all sorts of hidden fees and unless you want to go through hell to get out. I honestly don't know how these guys are allowed to get away with this crap. Yelping is fine but what about someone stopping them from being criminals??  Doesn't the BBB shut down criminal behavior?The only gym I have ever been too that you cannot jump rope in, It was my first day at the gym after singing up yesterday and I was asked to go outside to jump rope.... No one told me when I signed up I would not allowed to jump rope, I'm a boxer who's gym just closed down and I was hesitant in joining a non boxing gym. I figured I'd beable to jump rope between sets as I enjoy it, not unless I want to go outside....they say there's not enough room and their gym is too small which isn't the case I have trained in small gyms haha and there is still room .bullshitNot what I thought it would be. Very typical to wait in order to get onto equipment. I changed my bank card and was charged a $30 service fee for them to change it to a different bank card. My membership increased to $15 because I belonged for over one year. it lacks sincere service. I canceled my membership which was never canceled so the following month I canceled it again otherwise it would have continued. Then I was charged a cancellation fee.Employees are friendly and the place is clean but that's about all that is good about this place. The equipment is very cheap and there are not very many choices. A lot of the equipment doesn't feel comfortable either, especially the ellipticals. Yes I know it is a small monthly payment right? Don't forget to add in the 100 dollar cancellation fee once you want to leave. There is also a  40 dollar annual fee and a little spot on the contract that says after your first year your monthly rate will increase by 50%! My advice to others...Go find another gym, even if you end up paying just a little more, it would be worth it.I just received some junk mail from Youfit Health Clubs. It's addressed to "Fitness Friend" - I Don't Think So!

Sorry but thats my experienceMan, I hate giving one stars. But this place needs to call Gordon Ramsey's kitchen nightmares show. I have no clue where the 4 and 5 star reviews come from.  This place sucks. My boyfriend and I were in the area and decided to give it a shot.  First of all the owner, is amazing. Really nice guy. Walking in, the place is hideous. Everything is outdated. Food wise:

Sincerely - a chronic over tipper so your ass really sucks!!I had horrible customer service. The waiter took 15 minutes to comeback and take my order when I told him I need a moment and to finish everyone else's orders in my group. Not only did it take him 15 minutes to come back and ask. My friend had to loudly grab another waiters attention in order for me to have my order taken. The food was good but the customer service is horrible and the cocktails where weak and not worth the cost. Much better concepts and places to go to. I do not and will not recommend this place to anyone I know. Especially when my first review was deleted off of this page.I was visiting phoenix for a few days and found this spot with great reviews. It unfortunately did not life up to the standard set by folks on yelp. I was seated quickly and a waiter came to ask for my drink order as soon as I sat down which didn't give me enough time to look at the drinks menu. I ordered a green Bloody Mary which they claim to be famous for but it was gross ( maybe it's an acquired taste). I ordered eggs Benedict with ham and some roasted potatoes. The eggs themselves were nasty. The hollandaise sauce was more of a tangy mayo with egg than what it's suppose to be. The potatoes were too salty and dry. Getting my servers attention was a real chore and I had to ask separate wait staff to help me close my check. Definitely do not recommend!A manager reached out and apologized for our experienced.  He stated he would comp our meal.   I responded to him and now nothing.  No return email and no credit either.   HmmAwful, no place to sit, crowded and noisy. Food is not great,'people smoking everywhere, will not recommend, crying babies and kidsOk we have been coming here for years and the last couple of times it hasn't been great by decided to give it another try.  Once again this was by far the worst! On top of that my husbands food had a nice sized black hair in his el matador plate, waitress gave us the wrong order and the ceviche was bad smelled like lake water.  It's a nice place to sit outside and have a drink but if you are looking for good food and a clean place, don't stop here.  We won't be back.Was a family meeting place for the holidays until last night. Waitors/waitresses were too much in a hurry to serve you. Ordered a Windsor Burger well done no pink. What I got was rare undercooked burger.  I sent it back and received a burger that was really burnt on one side as if the cook was trying to make a statement. Any good experienced cook would have taken his time to make sure it doesn't burn and would have used a thermometer to make sure the meet was fully cooked before removing from the grill. If you can't fulfill a customers burger preference then the waiter shouldn't ask how you want it cooked.Good food. We made a reservation for my bday for 8 ppl outside we get there and they stated they had no reservation for us..... Then we sit inside to eat and we get 4 different waiters the last one that was helping us kept coming to take plates away and it was just weird. Then when we were done we got the check as a whole because 2 ppl switched chairs, she stated they wouldn't be able to split since we were playing musical chairs. I don't know why she wouldn't just ask us what we got then and go get checks she didn't she brought us the check for 8 ppl and we had to sit there and separate each thing. Their food was great but not their service it was horrible and we kept getting random drinks we didn't  order as well.  So disappointed in the service we were provided we prob won't be coming back.My car wasn't even turn on in my parking lot, i thought it might be dead battery. After i googled on yelp i found this guy with a nice tittle ( save money towing) i thought to myself this can be a good choice. I called him and he said it cost 75$ to tow my car, and i said ok. He didn't show up at the time he gave me and it was like two hours later.He was so on rush at the time i was talking to mechanic and he kept saying "you killing me man" every single minute, as if he is doing a favor to me and it's all free. He ask me for 5$ more after i said i pay by debit card. This is exactly what i experience with him. i give him one star cuz i think he needs to be patient and respect the customer. He is not running a hotel he should know that his customer is in rough situation and he should help customer instead of making more stress on him or her.Bottom line got a quote over the phone. Person said he would waive a $25 fee. When driver got there they did not in fact waive the fee and ended up charging me almost double what they quoted, to tow a car literally less than half a mile.What a flake. I called three or four times to check on when they were coming. Was given one time that passed. Called back and was told it would be another hour. Called back two hours later, got some woman on the phone who sounded drunk, who said the guy didn't feel well and went to the ER. Thanks for letting ME know, while we waited and waited and waited and WAITED for you to show up. Never again.THIS IS ABSOLUTELY THE WORSE TOW SERVICE I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!! STAY FAR WAY....Run!I spoke with a man name Dee by phone, (What man calls himself "Dee? - Should have taken as a warning sign to run). Dee quoted me a flat rate price of $50.00 provided I pay cash and write a positive review (unhealthy...quid pro quo...another clue to run - a company delivering good service does not have to ask customer to write good reviews).  At any rate, I cannot write a positive review because my experience was...anything but positive.  When the person from "Save Money Towing" a.k.a "Chandler Towing Service" finally showed up, after an entire - nonproductive day of waiting, I asked if his name was Dee. The little man stated, "yes" to my query regarding his name.  He then asked me where my auto was being towed, again this should have been another red flag to not do any business with these people. Dee, the man I spoke with by phone had prior knowledge of where my auto was to be taken because we discussed it at length during our many phone conversations.  Initially I was going to have my auto towed to my house.  But I found an auto mechanic in the area who suggested I have the auto towed to his business.  And when I explained the change to Dee on the phone, he again quoted me the flat rate of $50.00 provided I still agreed to pay him with cash and write a positive review.  However, the person showed up calling himself Dee he had no knowledge of our prior phone conversations. This little man had a rental u-Haul hitch attached to a white pick up truck and immediately attempted to extort more money.  He stated that he was not in fact, Dee.  He emphatically stated that the he was not the owner and had no authority to alter or haggle with price.  He stated that he would require an extra $10.00 due to company policy requiring an additional $3.50 per mile.  When I asked him again if he was Dee, the little man stated he was indeed not Dee and that he did not care whom I spoke with by phone.  He stated Dee had no authority to make any decisions.  He then stated that he was in fact the owner but had lied because he does not want anyone to know that he is the owner.  My husband explained that we only brought $50.00 cash as per our telephone agreement, to which the little man stated he would have to call someone to see if accepting $50.00 to go three miles was acceptable.  This after he just stated he was the owner, go figure...After some considerable more time waiting, given I had been waiting all day for Dee to arrive; The little man came back and agreed to tow my auto to the auto mechanic for $50.00 cash.  He angrily stated he would need the money up front, to which I ignored.  I never pre-pay for services not rendered satisfactorily!!! He then stated it was a one-time courtesy, as if he was doing me a favor...the unmitigated gall!I was quoted $80-85 for 7 miles. Tow truck pulls up, loads my car calls the owner to get the price and tells me it's 5.4 miles and $98. Called the owner and he said the quote is only a guess and he can't help that it's more.  Offered me $10 off my next tow. I'll pass and so should you.I would put this below a one star because just today I asked them to come out since my car overheated and couldn't run. They told me about 45 minutes which is okay but NEVER told me about a $60 cancellation fee if I wasn't there. I told them my phone was going to die soon so i didn't know if it would last that long which it didn't. I got a ride from my mom to try and quickly charge my phone but since she had to run errands i wasn't able to charge it but didn't realize i was in a rush because they never told me about any cancellation fee when i called so i, the CUSTOMER, assumed under no obligation that i didn't have to pay any fee. Now i'm down $60 because of a modest error in which these guys are too greedy to repay!I wish that I could give this company less than one star!! I have never been so disrespected by a company in my life. I called them to pick up my vehicle from my residence and take it literally 1.5 miles away. I was first throw off by the abrupt "hi" I received. I had to ask him if I had the right number and asked him to verify the company he was with which off the bat is extremely unprofessional. And then he quoted me $90 which I felt was too much so I told him "no thank you." He then proceeded to yell at me.... no exaggeration.... he yelled at me telling me they weren't a non-profit organization and they don't take charity cases.OVER PRICED AND EXTREMELY DISRESPECTFUL!!!! DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!I had Master Bathroom remodel and required new valves to be put in. I called Advanced Plumbing Services to put the new valves in.When they completed the work, I noticed the transfer valve was crooked in both up and left direction, in addition to being "out of plumb" with the main valve below it. What this meant was the handle would not fit properly and the valve would stick out beyond the finished tile. I read the instruction and it stated the transfer valve should be set back from the main valve by 1/2". I pointed it out the issue to them and the main guy (presumed owner) said "it didn't look that bad". I said they needed to fix it. He then proceeded to take an easy/lazy approach and tried to straighten out the valve using a "wrench". He gripped the valve and forced it with his body weight. This created undo mechanical stress on the valve, weakened the solder joints and did not fix the problem. In addition, it bent the valve.After he did this I told them to leave. I paid them, but was so unhappy with the work I had to hire another plumber to redo their work. I did'nt want them to fix, since they did bad job in the first place.I would not recommend them for any plumbing work.Let me start by saying if I could give it NO stars then I would have done that. Moving on to the review.... So my coworkers and I head here for lunch today..go in check out the menu which is quite small and limiting but whatever..decide to order a bacon breakfast burrito..go up to counter and ask if it has potatoes in it.. the girl replies with yes and I say "okay good" order my burrito/ drink (side bar -- they have their drinks behind the counter and I had to wait for the girl to finish taking the rest of lines order to get my drink..annoying but okay). The three people im with all order AFTER me and then ALL get their food. Im waiting..waiting.. after about 10 ish minutes and my friends PLUS all the people after me getting their food I go up and ask where my burrito is...they all look around at each other and are like "ummmm we accidentally gave it to a car in the drive thru" so my first thought is...IF YOU REALIZE THIS WHY DIDNT YOU MAKE ANOTHER ONE!? Whatever. The worst is yet to come. Get my burrito..yes, its piping hot. So I take a bite..hmm no potatoes and by being the freak I am; I then decide to open it up and look...nope, no potatoes. Roll it back up and decide to eat it because im starving. Well after about 2 bites grease just comes POURING out..im not talking a little bit a grease..a TON of it!! I have ate at Filly's/ Los Favoritos/Someburros all these kind of places and NEVER HAVE EVER ON ANYTHING experienced SO MUCH GREASE. I put down the burrito and my hands were covered in grease, my napkins, plate. Too disgusting to eat. So by now all my friends are done anyways and I just threw it away. It was only 5 bucks...but they will never get my 5 bucks again. Also, I was talking to a seperate co-worker on my way out of the office about this place and she said there was one by her house but it closed down! Should have taken it as a sign......... NEVER AGAIN!

Decor looked like something from goodwill 40 years ago...

PattyOne word...EWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!   Seriously they should blow this place up and start from scratch. Its just really super oldddddddd. You feel like you just stepped into a greasy 70's movie!  The ceilings are super low which really bothered me.  It was just so weird. If i would've jumped, my head would've hit the ceiling.  There is no air conditioning units in the rooms, just a crank window. Yes, you heard me right, A CRANK WINDOW.  My friend and I were too drunk to realize that they actually had a window in the room and that it was open on a rainy stormy vegas night...so our clothes and shoes that were by the window got SOAKED. I've never seen a window open without a screen in a hotel before, weird.   Basically, when it comes to vegas, you always get what you pay for.  We chose to stay here because it was a last minute weekend get away to vegas and we wanted to spend money on booze rather than a hotel. It was tolerable for a one night stay but I will never stay there again.I will say one positive, its located on a good part of the strip :-)We stayed in the older part of the hotel and the experience was gross.  Peeling wallpaper in the room meets urine stains from a previous guest on the toilet which took 5 hours for the staff to address properly (you know...like cleaning it).  Disgusting.  It may be inexpensive, but it was also unsanitary.How have more people not reviewed this place? It's a 20 minute trek from the lobby to the motel six looking room. DO NOT GO HERE.UMMMMM yeah never again.I have no problem with older hotels as long as they are kept up. Unfortunalety this one is not in that catergory. First off the staff , when I checked in, was very unfriendly and didnt help any in solving our problem of the room not showing up as prepaid. Second, the walk from the front to the "paradise tower( i think this is what it was called but it was not paradise)" had to be about 7mins long. By the time I got to my room I was SWEATING!!! Third the rooms are out of some bad 80s porno movie with mirrors on the walls next to the bed and the ceiling( i guess this could be a good thing though). I was told the buffet was good by some friends who ate there but I cant speak first hand about it.The casino is average, but the deals at the table games were beyond nice, helping with rules for anyone who didnt know and joking around.I will never stay here again but honestly if you dont plan to spend much time in the room this would be fine. Although dont say I didnt warn youWhat can I say about this old relic of a casino/hotel. Well I can compare it to an old whore who is way past her prime and is still "trying" to work it. Keep in mind I went in the summer of 2007 so it has been a while it might or might have not improved. So I walk in and you can see the old paint fading everywhere. Once you walk in you can see the hotel has aged bad. From the check in desk with the ancient fish tanks behind them with the half dead fish to the ugly ass carpet that was cool maybe in 78. The elevator is as shaky as a freight elevator and the rooms are interesting. The room we had were stained walls and carpet. A shower that sprayed everywhere but your body. The pool is another story the day my wife and I decided to go swim it was shut down due to some idiot who almost broke his neck goofing off. So the only pool open was the adult only pool. Yeah it was cool till the cougar in the corner took off her top and the slight odor of extra chlorine and semen in the adult only pool. All I can say about this hotel is just like the old whore who is still working it, its good only if you are in a pinch and don't got cash to splurge on something better.Good god this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at.  The rooms smell bad and are humid but cold (odd I know).  I don't trust the food one bit.  The swimming pool, though expansive, is dirty and smells bad.  I found bandaids all over the pool area (gross; seriously gross).All I have to say is "shit hole"  Just thinking about it makes me want to vomit.  And don't even get me started on the mirrors on the ceiling.I'd say that I'd never stay at this place again with a certainty.  Good Lord.  I have nothing bad to say about the casino except for its lack of waitresses.  Our room, which was supposed to have a "balcony", actually had a patio that lacked any view besides a gross wall and the nasty, smelly SANDBAGS that rested upon it.  The room itself was big enough, but lacked lighting and absolutely REEKED.  So gross.  I can still smell it days later.  Besides that, I can't think of a whole lot more to complain about.  The staff was nice enough, but for the price, you're better off sacrificing location and heading to Circus Circus, where at least your skin won't be crawling the entire time.So, a few friends and I decided to be cheap and come to a hotel in Vegas that was cheap. That was something that I regret to this day. The hotel room is alright, slightly better grade than a motel 6. The room felt a bit dirty though. It didn't look like it was dirty, but it sure felt dirty. The casino itself was OK. There are a wide range of tables and slots. The are one of the very few casinos on the strip that has $5 tables. Not many, but some. What made this a freakish trip was actually what happened during our stay.*Story time!*

I've supported this place since day one and i

The place looked nice but unfortunately, the food was not.Checked this place out during a quick visit to Vegas.  Stayed next door at the Blue Green hotel. These guys have an awesome wood fired oven at their disposal.  Producing decent pizza should be a no-brainer.  Ordered one two top 16", one 14" two top and a 2lt coke, $30.

* General Tso's Chicken-extra spicyThe rice was overcooked. done, done, and done again. The rice kernels were almost stale tasting, just looking at the pork made me sick, and I'm pretty sure i said extra spicy...and there was none. Very blandBeef & Broccoli was surprisingly good--but it wasn't mine, so boo hoo, moving onSteamed rice--average...but how could you screw this up?General's Chk--Much like the rice actually. WAY overcooked. The chicken was extremely dry, and the breading had been BURNED. Also, where the heck was the extra spice i asked for? And lastly, did i order chicken strips? boneless wings? because i got chicken tenders, not chunks. **I would also like to mention, there was NO language barrier that would cause the mess-up of my order. Unless you consider high school kids to have a different language than us adults--which is entirely possible**$40 and few dollar tip later, most of it ended in the trashcan, and i ate toast instead.I won't be backDon't waste your time or money.  The service is poor and the food is below average, nothing to write home about.  The restaurant is also very small.3rd time we've tried - 3x bad. We paid $114.77 family of 6. Pork pot-stickers undercooked. One bite & threw out. All chicken - low quality dark meat w/ grizzle. Ate few pieces of chicken, couldn't stomach. 4 hours later woke w/ extreme nausea & began vomiting - persisted 18 hours. Don't eat here.We ordered out some veg. food.  Sorry, not good at all.  Quite bland, watery, dishes. Egg rolls were more spring rolls with thin deep fried paper wrap.   Our go to place is Yao's in Chandler, but we need one closer to home.  Will keep looking.Was told by manager that this restaurant had honey walnut shrimp so we sat down and ordered hws. However,  not only did they not have honey walnut shrimp, their substitute was honey pecan shrimp that was really nothing like hws. I asked for the white sauce that normally comes on hws and what I got was a side of sweetened mayonnaise which was practically dumped on our table by the manager.  I asked the manager if she was angry and in a raised voice said, "No, are you?"  Anyway, it went down from there. Needless to say, we don't recommend the pecan shrimp (no broccoli either), and we don't recommend interfacing with the manager. However,  our waitress (who was new to the restaurant) was very good and tried to mitigate the manager's poor performance.Omg as I read the reviews I ran across  a similar situation pertaining to the Honey Walnut Shrimp!

I told her that expecting a tip for NOT doing your job is not the way it goes. T.I.P. means "To Insure Promptness" and since I did the job for her, she did not deserve a tip.The unfortunate thing, is that the sushi is actually good and affordable. I might suggest take-out for this place.I like the food but I hate the service there. It took us 20 mins to wait the seat and another 20 mins to wait for the waitress to come and take the orders. There were several things made us leave the restaurant without order any food. First, when we were ready to order the food, the waitress told us no matter which table gets ready first she has to take the order for who ever comes in the restaurant first. So we have to wait for a 20 people's table until they finished order and got their drink(actually we got there first, but they got table before us because they have more people).This was my first time hear a waitress reject the customer to take their order with this reason. Second, the waitress told my friend who order a bottle of beer that if he shares his beer with other people she will REPORT him. OMG !!! (I cannot believe the waitress would say things with no manner and threaten her customer). Third, she put the beer on the table with a big sound of "poo". After all of these impolite, we left the restaurant with only purchasing a bottle of beer.I've been here a few times. My girlfriend is a big fan because it's inexpensive and good. The last 3 times we've gone the service has been beyond bad, long wait for food, no refills, moody waiters. They just don't care about the customers or good service. I'm sorry to see what used to be a good place lower their service like thisI used to be a regular at this place since it opened and let me tell you this place has gone down hill. Japanese people tend to be the nicest people but the women waitresses at this place have got to be some of the rudest I have ever encountered. They barely acknowledge you and when you ask for something it arrives 15 min later. The tall waitress is by far the worst, and it feels like she is doing everyone a favor by just doing her job. It's too bad the service is so bad as that really kills the experience regardless of how good the food could be. If I were the owner I would read these reviews and fire those b*t**y women.Besides being one of the better ramen shops in the valley this place is not worth the visit.  There are much better sushi places around the valley.  I like others also experience horrible service, and given them multiple chances.  I totally understand bad service when you are trying to do things quick and efficiently, and the place is packed.  Maybe I'm just use to cultures where they don't value service, but value being fast and efficient.  But I draw the line when the place is maybe half full and we have sat down for over 20 to 30 minutes without even asking us what we want to drink.While I'm a regular user of Yelp.  This has been the first time I've ever posted on Yelp because no place has actually gotten me so angry about them.  Also I've never played the race card before, but I truly believe that the servers there might be racist.They've really gone downhill since I've last reviewed them. The last few times I've been here have been sort of disappointing. The service still is slow, but now the price has gone up. There are more servers, but only a couple seem to know what they are doing leading to a severely understaffed place. I've seen a couple just run around yet not accomplish anything. The quality of food doesn't seem as high anymore either. The portion size also has shrunk. What draws me back? It seems like they are cutting corners than trying to be an amazing restaurant. It's no longer a place I really care about going to anymore. Such a shameMeh. Won't be going back. Check out photos with comments. A bit worried about the quality of the food I just consumed. Praying to the food gods I don't get sick.  Ugh can't get the wet dog smell out of my head. Really?  Have to nuke a piece of nearly paper thin chicken to reheat?And thinking about it the miso was watery as was the thin, strangely colored teriyaki sauce!   $32 lunch ... What a waste!Final note:  Parents who let their children run around restaurants yelling deserve to have to pay the tabs of those around them the inconvenience. I mean really. Why is it the world's responsibility to raise your children...you should be banned from spreading your DNA!Ugh can't get the wet dog smell out of my head. Really?  Have to nuke a piece of nearly paper thin chicken to reheat?And thinking about it the miso was watery as was the thin, strangely colored teriyaki sauce!   $32 lunch ... What a waste!I've been here many times but will boycott this place now because of my last visit.   I was here during lunch time with my coworkers.  Food was good as usual but service was by far the worst we've EVER been treated!   When the 3 of us finished our meal we paid with 2 different credit cards.   When the receipt came back to us a gratuity was added.   We asked why was gratuity added and they said because they had to spilt up our checks with 2 different credit cards.  WTF... We never have this issue anywhere we go!   It wasn't worth the time to fight this since we had to get back to work anyway.  After the stupid gratuity issue...my coworker had leftovers to bring back, so he grabbed 2 chopsticks to go. One of the waitress saw him grab 2 so she grabbed 1 of the chopstick from his hands and told him that he only needed 1 chopstick!  WOW!  We were so shocked that we had nothing to say to her.  Bye bye Sushi Ken!!!  NEVER AGAIN WILL I OR MY COWORKERS BE BACK FOR YOUR RUDE SERVICE!!!!!just had dinner there earlier, 4 adults and one 16 months old baby.  the bill came out around 80 dollars, and they charged me almost $15 for tips.  I asked why, the server told me because we were party of 5 and we made a reservation. I worked as a server before and I never heard any restaurant charge customer's tip because of making reservation for party of 5.No complaint about the food, they are pretty good, better than a lot of sushi places.I will never go back to this place again after how they treated us.  Thought it would be busy and we made reservation for a party of three.  Long story short, we were handed the bill with an extra item called "Reservation Gratuity", an 18% charge of the total bill.  In my decades of existence and restaurant experiences, I've never heard of reservation gratuity.  Besides, when we arrived, the restaurant was not packed and plenty of tables (at 6pm).  The person on the phone did not mentioned anything about a charge to make reservation.  I've been to restaurants high and low and none has a reservation gratuity.  When we disputed this charge for a party of three, we were not presented with a manager.  May be all the wait people are managers of some sort.  We were told they do that all the time, but we were not told on the phone when making the reservation.  Shady and unprofessional way of doing business.  It's not going to happen again.  I can get just as good sushi somewhere else.They include the tips in the final price on the receipt, but did not even tell the customers about that. So it is highly possible that most people double tipped them. However, their service is not good at all.WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!! The server literally yelled at us when we tried to talk to them about letting our food sit at the sushi bar for 15+ mins and taking 30 mins to bring us check. Not to mention how terrible their dishes were! A simple, quick dinner turned out to be 2 hour waiting hopelessly. He NEVER apologized. Very disappointedCame here again they added 20% grat since we did 3 separate checks with only 5 people. Or order wasn't even big and checks were hand written so it's not like there was extra work.The food is always good, but the service is always very bad.  Everytime we come here we have to wait for long time, and the attitude of the waitress always very bad, hope they can hire and train them more professionalI made a reservation for a group of 12 for 7pm. We came here on time and some people got seated early. It's now 8:35 and we haven't gotten our food and no one has been around to update us or refill water. We put in our orders at 7:35 because that's the first time the waitress came around. When we called someone over to take our order he had to tell another waiter because he couldn't take orders. At 8:35 the waitress came back around to tell us that they just started to make our rolls so we'd get them soon. Then we got our first refill of water.Now, at 8:38 we have finally gotten 2 people's orders of sushi. Once they get started its pretty quick but don't expect fast service, if any.Worst service ever!!! Will never go back!!! Food was just okay. Such a waste of money and time. The restaurant was not the cleanest as well.WARNING: CHECK YOUR CREDIT CARD STATEMENT! They are con artists!A friend and I had lunch here. A few days later we discovered that they had added $2.00 each ($4.00 total) on top of what we tipped. My friend called the restaurant and they claimed that it was because we had paid with two credit cards (split). Not only is this charge ridiculous, but it would have been more appropriate to add it to the pre-tip amount or inform us about the charge when we put two cards down. Increasing the amount AFTER WE LEAVE is simply deceptive. From reading other reviews, it appears that we are not the only ones that have experienced this.The food is mediocre and, as other reviewers state, the service is poor. I will certainly not be back.Really not a great place to go. Their food is OK, the service is horrible. They never come to refill any drinks without asking, then if we ask, they are not happy to do so. They make us feel like we aren't welcomed to be there. Food is OK and price is OK too, but this is not a restaurant i'd recommend to anybody.YEAH YEAH IT'S A GREAT PLACE BEST SUSHI IN ARIZONA. Well I guess if the cost of living is low you would settle for CRAP!!!! The only reason I give one star is that I'm hoping you read this before you enter the abyss of flavorless food, the out dated torn furniture, the lack of communication and the unpleasant smell of rotting carcasses of old fish. I'm not picky, I don't look at yelps and judge, I  give the benefit of doubt that maybe one or two, even three bad yelps could just be normal. $62.00 later I judged. My family and I went there and of course the first thing that hit us straight in the face is the odor. Odor it was, we were hungry my son wanted Rosatis I said tomorrow for lunch. It really should of been that night. I wanted to give a chance, we were seated and it seemed slow but we were early. The waitress took out order, we waited the soups came out fast and so did the eddis mommy (edamame). Our plates came out one by one as it does in most places of that cuisine. We waited for the waitress to come around but all we got was her back as she took care of the other tables, yes understaffed. Places like this use the phrase KISS Keep It Simple Stupid. That was the service and food. They will do what the order says and nothing more besides give you the check and take your money. I was very disappointed, the chicken teriyaki bento was something so unique with combination and the fake chicken breast they use, just as bad if not worse than a frozen lean cuisine, fried soft potato and a baked cup with some onion and chicken I have no idea WTF it was, but I was hungry. I had to try it thinking I would be surprised with some delightful tastebud exploding extravaganza in my mouth, only to have to eat 10 certs after and a shot of JACK to get rid of the bad tasting odor that followed from the room into my mouth. I really would at that point snorted some wasabi, not only for the flavor but also to keep my mind off of spending that kind of money for nothing. If you are in town drive further and eat at a chain sushi place, they lack the creativity of thinking out of the box but it will be consistent. This review is my opinion, take it or leave it.Obivously here in Phoenix, we can't get top grade sushi, so this place is okay. (I usually do not order sushi but other dishes)  The quality of the food is bearable but the service you get, not so. It seems from other reviews this place does this quite often to its customers but my girlfriends I went for a brief lunch on Friday and asked to have our bill split.  When the old Japanese waitress heard that, she got really irritated and said "we'll add tip to your bill".  WHAT?? for splitting a check you have to add on the gratuity?  Since there were four of us, we thought, okay whatever.  When it was time for us to order, some of us were bit hesitant trying to decide and the waitress got all frustrated and showed it on her face like she didn't want to be there. OMG, it wasn't like the place was crowded with customers, she had only two other tables and she was working with another waitress.  And after we ordered, she NEVER CAME BACK to our table!!!!  When the food came that was the only time she came back to give us our food, and never came back to check on our drinks or to see if we needed anything.  Fortunately the other young waitress came and tried to tend to our table which was nice of her.  Finally the bill came and she wrote everything down on one sheet and total was like around $59.xx for four of us, and she added 11.80 for tip.  So I asked her if it was cutomary for them to add 20% gratuity.  Then she rolls her eyes and goes "it's 18%, not 20%"  What?  I may not be a math genius but that is about 20% not 18% that she claimed.  My girlfriends and I did not want to make a big deal out of 2% difference so we left it at that.  But to be honest, I did not want to leave any tip for her.  I couldn't believe they tagged on gratuitiy simply because we asked to have our bill split.  This was the second visit we wished we had our lunch somewhere else.  I guess we're not coming back here anymore.We went to sushi ken today. They close at 230 and we arrive at 2:00. We have 30 minutes. Still our waitress thought it was okay to rush us through everything. She was yelling our Orders to the kitchen as we ordered it, grabbing the menus, stood over us almost forcing us to eat faster. It was horrible. And she was so rude, almost like "wow your going to come in and eat when we're about to close?!" I didn't tip her well because I thought she a very rude to us. When she saw the ticket all she could say was "REALLY!? WOW! WOW! WOW! REALLY??" She didn't even bother to come over and ask what was the problem. Safe to say we won't be going back thereDO NOT TIP THIS PLACE! They include the tip in the statement and DON'T TELL YOU. Furthermore the customer receipt EVEN INCLUDES A PLACE FOR YOU TO TIP. I was dumbfounded to see how my $10 even meal became $12.90 on the receipt. They must really love patting themselves on the back because AZ sales tax is only 5.6% which makes this a 25% tip!Onto the food. I've been to this place twice. First time I ordered a cha shu ramen. The noodles and the char siu  tasted very authentic but the broth was remarkably plain. It tasted like something I'd improvise at home if I only had leftover noodles. It also didn't include extra ingredients you'd expect like a soft-boiled egg.Second time I ordered a korokke curry. This dish really puzzled me, the curry was as thin and almost as flavorless as water, the korokke was hard and tasted like they added no salt to the potatoes at all, and the rice was overcooked. Japanese rice is characteristically soft as it is but it tasted like they cooked it a good half an hour longer than they should have.The food is really bizarre. I can tell from the people speaking Japanese and the ingredients that this is supposed to be an authentic Japanese restaurant, but it's almost like they've never been taught how to cook it properly. If it was just for the food and service I'd give this place a 3 star, but the tip scamming really miffs me. I don't expect to ever come back here again.Horrible experience here yesterday. My husband likes to come here for the chirashi and now i remember why i do not like to join him.  I eat sashimi at least 4 x a week. I know sashimi, i am not new to this. The salmon i received was so pungent it left a lingering taste in my mouth. My husband who would eat anything agreed, it was fishy and unlike the salmon in his chirashi. It was a cheap cut of the tail and it was not treated properly.I do not mess around with fishy fish. I sent it back. The waitress argued. She did not apologize, did not ask if I wanted to order something else. I had lost my appetite anyways. As i sat and watched my husband and daughter eat I could see the servers huddled in the corner. She only returned to tell me " I tried your food it tasted fine!" and walked away again with a huff.I dont know why Im surprised by such rudeness and audacity. As if I wanted to send back my food and first meal of the day? We had been running errands all morning. I was famished! The accusatory tone and stares were so appalling.No wonder this place is empty. Aside  from the gaudy decor, stained carpet and filfthy restroom, now i know why they tint the windows, so no one can see how gross it is inside. Thank god i sent my food back. I would have surely paid for it later with sickness.Thank you previous yelpers about the tip about the credit card fraud. We made sure to pay and tip in cash. Shouldnt have bothered though. but karma...so I did. (tip)This is super close to home so decided to check it out tonight. I don't see us coming back. Spent $80 and left most of our food on the table because it was so awful. The server never asked how the food was or offered a substitute when dish after dish was untouched after a bite or 2. When asked for something else, was told that was not an option. The only item comped were the Shrimp Shumai because they were still frozen in the center. Will stick to travelling a few miles rather than a quarter mile for a dinner that consisted of stringy and improperly prepared sashimi maguro, the masago was an odd pale orange color with little flavor, the sweet and spicy roll was more cream cheese than anything spicy or appetizing. The cream crab korokke...resembled a deep fried phlegm ball. No flavor and I imagine had comparable texture. Even the California rolls were underwhelming. The only thing we enjoyed were the gyoza, though we had to request a sauce to accompany the dish, they were cold by the time the server returned with about a tablespoon of brown liquid in a bowl.They should rename this place "Sushi When?"  WHEN will you notice that we have been standIng there for 5 minutes, waiting for a simple hello or at least a nod that we exist?  WHEN will my party of two be seated at either of the two empty tables that sit vacant and lonely?  WHEN will your serving staff bring us water and utensils after looking at your menu for 10 minutes?  WHEN will you communicate with us?  Even just some eye contact will give a glimmer of hope that you want us to be there.  After a total of 20 minutes of sitting and waiting for basic service (we never received a menu, water or utensils nor a "we'll be right there") that is WHEN we stood up to walk out.  The staff was rude, unprofessional and clueless.  The sad part, we are regular customers.  Well, former customers.  Sorry Sushi Ken... Your quality of service has slipped while your disrespect for your customers continues to rise.  We will travel farther to enjoy quality Japanese food in a cleaner establishment with a friendlier staff who offer quality service.Waitress didn't smile once or check in on us.Forgot soy sauce bowls and waters more than once.Food came out at different times.Sushi haphazardly rolled and falling apart. Rice to sashimi ratio wasn't good.No water refills.I found a hair in my food.One of the worst dining experiences I've had. I actually started drafting this review over a year ago and I'm finishing it now. Guess what -- I still remember how bad of an experience we had.Honestly... Where do I even begin with this place?When planning my 5 year old daughters birthday I thought Pump It up would be the perfect venue. WOW. I have never felt like I have wasted my time, or my money, more. i had ordered 6 pizzas through PIU to be ready when all of the kids got there. The party started at 7, I waited until about 7:30 until I said anything...First of all, the staff was so rude. You would think that people who are in the business of hosting parties would be hospitable. WRONG.  I had the "pleasure" of meeting the manager. When I asked her what the status on our food was it was almost as if she rolled her eyes at me. Our food didn't get there until almost 8:00! An entire hour sitting in a room with 15 hungry kids waiting... and not even an apology.It doesn't stop there.Once the kids went into the jumping room, I was nervous for their safety the entire time. Their employees were standing off in the corners having their own conversations... Not interacting with the kids, or making sure that they're safe. I would understand if these were older children, but 5 and 6 year olds?! REALLY?! I even saw 1 young girl on her cellphone!! I said something to the manager who was there and she said she would correct the problem... Which never happened. These were the 2 main things that made my experience at Pump It Up so terrible. I won't go into detail on :

4) Apologize to customers and staff

When I asked for more chips with the three dips I ordered they said chips were extra because you buy fhem separately at the grocery . Them after waiting 30 min for a takeout order of fajitas they left out the tortillas ...you're right separateThis is not going to be a good review. Our visit was horrible. we thought that we wasn't going to be waited on after about 15 minutes from being seated. Finally our waitress arrived with this nonchalant attitude. If it hadn't been the fact that we were tired and hungry, and would have eaten our shoes at this point, we would have gotten up and left. We ordered the under 550 calorie Sizzling Chili Lime Chicken. The chicken on top was cold and some of the vegi's were burnt. The plate was a mess. I will upload a picture for all to see. The only taste that could be detected was the sauce that they poured all over it which I bet made it more than the 550 calories that was claimed. We won't be back to this location.I'm not a fan of applebee's never have been and never will be, but I was out numbered yesterday when my family decided that they wanted to eat there.  So I went, and I explained that it would be nasty but they said let's give it a try so we did.  When we got inside I noticed that the music was soo loud that it's they were having a concert for the neighborhood, it was soo cold in there that it was warmer outside and it's the fall people.  Any who, our server was in the back laying down when we were greeted, he finally came to our table very nice guy and he was the high light of the whole visit even though it didn't start off well.  We ordered our food, the choices were not good not enough of a selection.  Any way, we all ordered our food and waited, for some reason we didn't notice that we didn't have eating utensils until I food came.  Our server didn't even realize it, so my question is why wasn't the tables set at the time of opening?  Ok I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, and I must say that the bacon was the best part of the burger.  Applebee's has the most flavorless food I've ever had in my whole life, and yall know I like to eat...lol.  Any who, it was horrible I had to make my self get through most of the burger because I was hunger, normally I would complain and not pay for it and move on.  But I just was ready to go at this point, when I got my food my fries were so cold it's like they had just taken them from the refridgerator, so he took them back and I got more not too much better so I just let it be.  The rest of my family didn't enjoy their food either, so it was like ok I'm going to eat this because we are hungry and we waited for it.  I will never ever ever in my whole life even if it's the last place on earth to eat, even if their are no more grocery stores, and I can't grow my own food ever ever eat at Applebee's again.  It was just nasty, I said to my family before we started to eat our food I can't believe that their even still a business.  And after that was over, I don't see how they are in business really.  I didn't think factory food could taste that bad.  Oh yeah and the bartender had to seat us, I must say this was the first time I have ever seen that.  Any who never again.Only gave one star because you can't give no stars.  Tried to order off their pick a pair lunch menu, the French onion soup and chicken wonton tacos, that is clearly on the menu pic I posted.  They said the chicken tacos wasn't an option.  Obviously they don't want my business.  I will go to Bonefish, it's right around the corner.Every time I think to give this place another try, I quickly regret it. The people there are horrible! Out of all the times I have been, only once did I have ok service. There have been times I literally waited 1 1/2 hrs for my food. The staff is snotty and managers don't care. I have waited so long the I just left without anything. Don't waist your time or money!!!I don't think I've ever had a good experience here. They either get my order wrong and/or the food is disgusting.This Applebee's does not deserve one star,it is the only way I can leave a review. Beware...!!! We had take out, so as I type this I am sick with food poisoning. The food was not that good either but when you spend your money you feel the need to at least try what you ordered.Never Again! BEWARE!!!!I'll review both trips to this terrible location.  First trip was a late night trip so expectations were low. They were extremely slow, it was hard getting refills of drinks, and I'm pretty sure I saw our server buy drugs in the parking lot (while waiting for my refill.) this was my first trip and I let it slide because it was late, but we went back last night during normal hours and it was the same situation the server was slow and ride. We had French onion soup which is usually great at Applebee's but it was disgusting, so much so that they comped the soup without us even asking or complaining about it. I will upload a pic of it. My finances steak was cold. They also messed up my entrée and we had the same problem with refills. We will not be returning.Food was poorly prepared. Too hot and then other items cold. Service was far and yet the best part of the visit. Will not repeatSo I used to loooove going here!  Now I go every so often and usually wonder why after Im there.  Went on Saturday night and wow...what an experience.  There was a group of teenagers there celebrating something. Now im not an old dud, I know teenagers aren't quiet and they are with friends and having a good time.  However, they were comlpletely disrespectful.  Yelling and singing and clapping so loudly that other patrons in the restaurant couldn't even hear conversations at there own tables.  Then they were actually standing up and walking over the tables while singing and cheering!  So while i understand the actions of these rude teenages is not the establishments fault, how they handled it is.  And they did nothing.  When our waitress came to out table we couldnt even hear her it was so loud and the manager just stood their and watched the show, did nothing and said nothing to them.  But as we had time to just sit and look around as we couldnt hear one another.  It reminded me of a really nice hotel that you felt special going to, then it gets super run down and no one takes care of it anymore.  As I gazed out the window to see cracker barrel and knowing we could've eaten better for cheaper just across the street.  This was the last straw.  Won't be going back.If I could give 0 stars I would. A friend and I decided to stop and try the stuffed french toast. We're chatting away waiting for our food and drinking and here comes a cockroach running across our table. I immediately grabbed my purse and stood up. Our waitress came over and was just as shocked as we were and kept apologizing (she was new so I'm sure she had no idea). We told her that it wasn't her fault and we wanted to cancel our order and leave. We spoke to the manager on the way out and he seemed like he wasn't surprised when we explained what we saw. Thank God we didn't eat. The only thing nice about this place was our waitress. Will never go back though. That ihop has been there for a very long time, it's time to clean and remodel or shut it down.Not many places motivate me in such a way that I feel compelled to walk out but say for 40-minutes, at least 25 of which were unattended.  The 25-minutes were order-to-walk out.Very poor service. We came at around 8 am and not very busy, but the service was slow and substandard. After being seated for about 10 minutes, we sat watching another table, who came well after us, received service before us. Once the waitress came to our table, she never introduced herself, but only ask if we're ready to order. She didn't bring out creams for the coffee or straws for the water and juice, we received the creams after we asked for them but not the straws. As for the napkins, we had to use the ones that hold the utensils. After we received our food, it was literally no more than 5 minutes, when she came back and put the check on our table. And here's the best part, as she walked away she asked us if everything was ok, and did not pause for even 1 sec to hear our response. And that was the only time she ever "checked" on us.My husband and I visited IHOP tonight because that is where he wanted to go for his birthday.  It was 6pm and the place was almost empty. We ordered and got our drinks.  We were seated in the middle section where you could see the food prep area.  I looked up and saw our waiter standing on the counter where the prepared plates are put for the garnishes to be added.  He was walking, with his shoes on, back and forth cleaning the wall tiles above where the take out trays are kept.  This turned my stomach.  My husband walked up to the kitchen and told the waiter (Tyler) that he shouldn't be walking across the counter.  Tyler told him he would wipe it down when he was done.  He wiped it down with a wad of dry paper towels.  I could only pick at my meal.  Before we left a woman, not dressed in the IHOP uniform, came into the dining area with a bucket of water with enough bleach in it to burn your nose.  Do Not Eat Here!!!!  There's no telling what you might find on or in your food.Horrible experience. Im very lenient on my reviews but for me to give this place 1 star it had to be ridiculously awful! Came on a weeknight around 9:30 after choosing it over waffle house because the bf wanted to "chill" a little after a long day of work. Well, we did "chill" alright...an hour long chilled and waited for 2 entrees. They sat us down at a booth that just had got sanatized therefore it was still wet and i mean wet wet with strong fumes that i breathed in for 10 minutes before it dries out. Then came the utensils, wrapped in white napkins...only if it was completely white! How could you not see stains on both white napkins?? yet they put it neatly on our table as if nothing was there. If that was how they present themselves to customers, what could possibly be behind closed doors?! No acknowledgement whatsoever of timing and we had to ask how much longer for her to go check after 50 minutes wait. The food came overcooked, they forgot the bananas that supposed to be on the french toasts, asked for it and didnt get it till the toast was almost gone. Overall, quality of service and food were one word "poor". Never again.I will never go here again. Went here on Thanksgiving day for breakfast with two friends of mine that I haven't seen for months. We were seated immediately and were given our menus. That was about the only positive thing about my experience. Our server came for the order. I'm not a huge fan of pancakes and I resumed to tell the lady that I didn't want any. She stared me down almost in awe that i didn't want any. She asked me what I wanted instead I wasn't sure what I could have so I asked if I could have an extra strip of bacon. She laughed and said no honey you can't get no meats. I'm sorry but I didn't know. I'm sure the lady must have been unhappy because she had to work on Thanksgiving, but you don't have to take it out on the customer. The food itself was complete garbage. No flavor on the meat the bacon was too salty and the hash brown were way too crunchy. Overall a pretty negative experience. Thankfully I don't live in Charlotte and I won't have to visit this location again.I love IHOP. I hate this location. Service is BAD. Even the Manager doesn't care. I am not sure how you mess up mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli, but they managed. The rest of my meal is coming back up as I write.Food and service were what should be expected by a restaurant of this caliber - HOWEVER - the attitude of an much older woman with a British accent could be changed and hopefully the owners will have a word with her!!  Very rude and the main reason for the one star.  I would consider returning  BUT only - after I run a spy pattern to insure this Downton Abbey understudy isn't in the wings.Based on the good reviews -- and the high prices -- my spouse and I expected a great meal. We were so disappointed. I chose the "Pumpkin Gnocchi Pasta with Merguez Lamb Sausage, Mushrooms, English Peas and a Sage Cream Sauce" and asked for grilled chicken on top instead of the lamb sausage. I was told that the gnocchi would be made with spinach instead of pumpkin. What I got was a plate of mushy creamed spinach along with mushy lumps of spinach/potato that were sort of fried/browned/blackend. It was barely edible. No discernible spices or herbs. Maybe it would have more flavor if I'd kept the lamb sausage instead of swapping for grilled chicken breast, but it doesn't change the fact that for $21, this was a badly prepared and presented dish, and nothing like the actual menu item I ordered!My husband chose the special: Scallops over risotto with vegetables at $35. Again, barely edible, uninspired and boring. Four Scallops over very plain risotto, a few spears of steamed broccoli on the side. The overwhelming good reviews make me wonder (a little) if we should give it a second chance. The atmosphere is pleasant, and the service was fine. When we visit Matthews again, maybe we'll try Sante again for lunch when we wouldn't have to spend as much. Blah food plus high prices, and the fact that their website is awful and partly broken,  make it only 1 star for me.This store carries a very limited supply of shoes and clothing and not the hip, cool items offered on the New Balance website.  It's independently owned and they will not place special orders from New Balance and have it shipped to the store.  They just want to sell you the overpriced, outdated merchandise in stock.  Note to self ... never shop here in the future!!!I quit going to this place years ago as it was a sh-thole then and sounds like things haven't changed much, plus the allure of the "bloomin' onion" wore off a LONG time ago......with all the great steak places in Charlotte to go to, why would ANYONE still want to go here?...a little hint, as far as chain-restaurants go, Texas Roadhouse serves a GREAT steak and a great meal, I'd compare some of their cuts w/anything I've gotten at a Sullivans or Ruth's Chris...as far as an upscale steakhouse I don't think you can beat SullivansAte here with a $25 gift card from my boyfriends work. We didn't come with any high expectations, other than a free meal.I knew there weren't going to be many vegetarian entree options, but there were NONE. Oh man, so insert the part where I have to look like a total jerk asking for a frankenstein-style salad with no meat, while the waiter looks at me like I'm crazy when I ask him which dressing is the best.The salad was boring and small and overpriced, but it was edible.We ordered a Bloomin' Onion for an appetizer. It was actually pretty tasty at first (or maybe I was just ravenous), but the more I ate, the more I could feel my mouth, face, and fingers getting soaked in oil. Ugh.I left the restaurant feeling kind of gross, but at least the facility was clean and the staff were polite.I'm going to keep this short, because I didn't even stick around for dinner.  99.99% of the time when I have a reservation, I have a table waiting for me (or I have to wait a nominal amount of time, such as 5 minutes for the staff to clear one).  When I called this location yesterday (6/30/12) to schedule a reservation they told me my preferred time of 6.30 pm was full but that they could get me a table at 6.45pm.  We arrived at 6.45pm only to be told that it'd be 20-30 more minutes.  Now the situation was exacerbated by the fact that when we told them the name our reservation was under they simply handed us a pager and said it'd be 30 minutes, not once even looking at the reservation book...Having just purchased movie tickets for a movie which was showing at 7.40pm, waiting an additional 30 minutes for a table we had already reserved wasn't going to fly.So Instead we went to Hops across the street, we were greeted and immediately sat, the service was quick, efficient, and we made our movie on time.  Needless to say for all future dining needs in that area I will not waste my time with Outback again, instead I'll go right to Hops...  To everyone else out there, wake up, Outback isn't worth the kind of money they charge, you live in a city with great dining options you should skip this restaurant location...On a recent trip to Outback Steakhouse in Matthews,  I ordered a burger, medium well and it came to the table completely raw in the center.  After showing it to the other people at my table I decided to return it to the kitchen.  When the waiter saw it, he agreed it was way undercooked and was very apologetic.  Another woman, who I assume was the manager also came out the to table to apologize.  The waiter took it back to the kitchen and returned a while later with a new burger, which was properly cooked, however by that time, everyone else was finished eating, so they had to wait around while I finished my meal.  They did not discount our bill at all or offer a free desert or anything for their mistake.  I will not be returning to this location.Double check your Togo order because they did not put anything I have requested in my Togo order. Not enough of sauce, wrong butter, and gave me the wrong shrimp.If a steak house can't cook a steak where can they cook a steak?Worst outback I've been to. The service sucks and there food is not good. Very ran down so don't waist your time and money at this location. I do love outback tho, just not this location.This location sucks.  I ordered a steak salad for takeout, and it was basically the bag lettuce you can get at Harris Teeter with absolutely none of the other toppings from the menu.  The steak was average at best.  I would have returned it had I not arrived home.  I'll never go to this location again.No Service...No Stars.  We would have had to interact with someone to at least give it a star.  We chose Outback because it was late on a Sunday evening....and most of Charlotte shuts the kitchens down by 9PM.From the moment we walked in, the crowd was an odd mix.  The hostess staff seemed confused and clueless.   We were seated for about 5 minutes and passed by several waiters.   No one spoke to us. And no one seemed to be in the weeds.There must have been 20 families with kids under 2 after 9 pm.  A few kept letting out blood curdling screams.   I looked at my friend and we decided that since we hadnt even  been greeted.....it would be OK to leave and Go next door to Monterrey for a quiet dinner.  On the way out, the host and the manager looked surprised that we were leaving.....and said...."did we not get you service fast enough?".  If you had to ask that question....then chances are you may know the answer.#outbackfailI'm not sure if this is under new management but we just went here for my sons birthday because he loves their cheese fries and our experience this time was much worse than before. Our cheese fries were undercooked so they took them back and gave us a new order and then our steaks came out and were dry, old looking, and had zero flavor. We asked if we could have them seasoned a bit more and the manager came out without asking any questions and gave us a blank check saying he comped the whole meal but didn't even offer to remake anything, nothing! He was annoyed and wanted us out! I hate complaining at restaurants, especially on a special occasion, but nobody wants raw fries or dry old steak so what were we to do? I have never had anyone just negate the whole issue and not even ask if we wanted anything else. Sure it was nice of him to comp the meal, but really?! We had 4 little kids who were starving and he just wanted us out! Btw, we were one of 2 families in the whole restaurant so they were not busy at all! Just a bad experience and a very rude manager! Oh and the manager also made an excuse and said, "oh yeah that might have happened bc we have a new chef in training!" What?! So I guess it's ok then, right!This one sucks. Go to the Pineville-Matthews location! Our steaks were over cooked and took a long time to get. My husbands salad was thrown together and my clam chowder was cold. No BuenoCharlotte native here.  Have been to Outback at Windsor numerous times over the years but not recently.  Tried eating there this week, a Tuesday evening when they weren't terribly busy.  Service was non-existent; the waiter had a surly attitude like he was miserable being there, never checked on us or asked if anyone else wanted another beer; the prime rib was barely palatable and not the quality one comes to expect from the Outback franchise. In the essence of time we lodged no complaint because it took so long for the steaks to arrive in the first place. This Outback is not worth your time or money.  Go to Pineville or East Blvd.Completely underwhelming. Slow service, over-cooked burger with a cold piece of cheese on it, barely warm mashed potatoes. We could never eat here again and be fine.

atmosphere:1

Me: OK, how about a turkey wrap.

You have been warned.....Not sure if the regular cook and staff were off duty. The reviews don't match the quality of this restaurant.

this is going to be a $300 board, and your competitor is getting our business.

Spend your money somewhere else.These douche bags made us pay our bill TWICE on Sat. night!!!!!!!!  We left $60 on our bill on the front COUNTER in front of the MANAGER & they came up to us after we left & were waiting to cross the street out front, saying we hadn't paid our bill!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The fried rice with vegetables, was crunchy. Yes, including the rice. An absolute disappointment.In the middle of Winter, the parking lot was a complete ice skating rink!! Not a drop of salt was used.This is simply my opinion, yet my suggestion would be, don't eat here. Save yourself money and have better food at China Town.Used to be great. Not sure what happened but I ordered Hunan dumplings and General Tao. First: my food took well over an hour to arrive. The delivery driver shoved it in my face. Then, no chopsticks. What type of Chinese delivery doesn't give chopsticks? But the kicker? ALL my food was SOAKED. The dumplings were sitting in about an inch of water and the chicken tasted like, you got it. Water. Save your money, get your food elsewhere.Une soirée gâchée. J'étais à la recherche d'un bon steak house et je suis tombé sur cet endroit qui est un genre de casa grec en plus mauvais encore. J'ai eu le malheur de choisir un plat de moules. Le cuisinier (dans une tentative de faire une mauvaise blague?) avait foutu une salade par-dessus les moules pour ensuite les faire gratiner avec fromage fêta. Le tout donnait un mélange raté qui ne ressemblait à rien de connu sur cette planète. Ma bien-aimée à eu droit à une brochette de bœuf accompagnée de frites tièdes. Le tout pour une facture de 70$. Le décors est une mauvaise imitation de ranch entremêlé des restants de l'ancien resto qui devait être portugais à juger par les peintures aux murs. C'est vraiment n'importe quoi !For the first time in ages I felt like turning into Gordon Ramsey over (A) the way too extensive menu, (B) the execrable "salad bar" that is an insult to salad bars everywhere, (C) the silliest plates I have ever seen in a restaurant (basically a small bowl with a wide brim which makes cutting anything well-nigh impossible), (D) the half burnt half raw and cold salmon "steak" I was served with (E) a way overly drenched pasta that tasted like nothing but acidic tomatoes and last but not least (F) the too loud music that made conversation difficult at best. No wonder they were giving away coupons to the place on the boardwalk. Never going back ever.En résumé : mauvais service , mauvaise nourriture.  À éviter (il y a de bien meilleures alternatives toutes proches).Nous y sommes allés pour le souper avec les enfants - le menu pour enfants est affiché sur le napperon à 7.99$ avec breuvage et dessert.  Toutefois, une fois les commandes passées, voyant que les enfants ne recevaient pas de breuvages, la serveuse nous apprend que le menu pour enfant à été change 'cet été' (nous sommes maintenant en septembre), et que le breuvage est maintenant .99$, le dessert 1.99$... Un peu tard pour nous en aviser!  On demande à voir le gérant (je pense que c'est le proprio qui vient)-- il ne trouve qu'à hausser les épaules... Malheureusement, la qualité de la nourriture n'a pas du tout compensé pour cette déception- trop froid, cuisson imparfaite, portion inégales...  Bref, ceci fut notre dernière visite.On aurait dû regarder les avis Yelp avant d'y aller, ça nous apprendra! ;)Worst ever, lunch menu includes soup, which was the most liquid cream of tomato soup, tasted ok.  Salad bar included salad greens old and wilted from last night the worst was the mold on the baguette, i returned the bread and they brought back cold ciabata.... Ordered from the lunch menu pasta which was half cold/hot we returned it and asked for the chicken tortilla wasn't bad but you had to look for the chicken.  The comment from the server was i guess it wasn't your day ... We will never go there again  and never recommend it.uSorry folks, but it was the worst steak i have ever had (and I'm 60!!)...pretty good service and menu but i guess i chose the wrong steak.i told the waiter when he asked how my meal was that is was not a good steak he simply shrugged his shoulders. Next time I will be walking past this place!First off, I'd like to say that I really enjoy the food at Gina's. Unfortunately, my experience with them from June-July was an absolute nightmare.. I first learned about Gina's when I purchased their burratta at my local farmer's market, It was great and when speaking to the rep at the farmer's market, I learned that they sold wines, pizzas, homemade sauces and more at their Scottsdale store location. I started going about once a month and purchasing pizza's, biscotti and wine. I learned that they were starting to hold classes and I was super excited. Even though my boyfriend was out of town, I signed up for their cheese making class in January. I had been wanting to learn how to make mozzarella cheese for years. The class was great. I met some wonderful people and even though the class was a bit crowded, it was totally worth the money. When I had the chance to tell my boyfriend about it, he wanted to sign up too, so a pasta making class, sauce making class and several trips to their retail store in the following months, we thought we had found a great, neighborhood spot to meet like minded people and learn how to make great Italian food. The last class we took was in May and they told us that they were going to have a "food rave" on June 8th which would consist of endless amounts of food, wine and great music, etc. My boyfriend was out of town but I knew it would be a great night, so I paid $100 and signed up. I was looking forward to it for weeks and on the day of the event, I was nervous about how formal it would be, so I called to ask about the dress code. I received an email two hours before the event from one of the owners, Chris Buskirk to tell me that the event had been cancelled due to an illness of one of their children. In the email he asked if I wanted to use the $100 as a credit for product in the store or a credit to a future class. I wrote him back less than 3 minutes later and stated that I was sorry to hear that their kids were sick and said that I'd like to use the money for a future class. In fact, I knew that there was an appetizer class being held on June 25th, so I would call later in the week and reschedule for that class. I figured that since that class was cheaper, both me and my boyfriend could go!I never heard anything back. EVER. I called a few times a week for the next two weeks, sent emails... nothing. June 25th passed and I missed out on the appetizer class. The few times that I would not get an answering machine and actually got an employee on the phone, they would tell me that they personally delivered my message to both of the owners and they didn't know why they weren't calling me back. I felt like a stalker. None of my emails were addressed, none of my phone calls were EVER returned. I wanted to go to the store in person but felt embarrassed and awkward. I kept trying to call for another few weeks and each time the owners were never available but the messages had been delivered according to the staff. I was utterly confused. I still am. Eventually, when it had been a full month of me trying to get in touch with them to no avail, I contacted my credit card company to have the money refunded to my account. To this day, I never received an explanation, an apology or anything. I still don't understand what happened. I think their food is still good but the way they treated me was absolutely horrendous. This is NOT the way a local business should treat their loyal, paying customers.I do not know if this place is open or closed.  We stopped by today, it was dirty and a dive.  Lots of dust and the windows were so dirty you could hardly see inside.  The place is only about a 10x10 little tiny room with only 2 tables and one counter.  It looked terrible and I would not suggest anyone eat there until they clean up.  Not sure what the deal is here or even if it is open for business any longerNo sign - door is locked. Voicemail is still working but at 1:30 pm on a Saturday this place is definitely not open for business.My boyfriend and I both had memberships for unlimited tanning.  On many occasions they would open late.  On a few occasions they closed and hour early.  If you showed up 20 minutes to close they wouldn't let you tan.  They are closed for every holiday.  Some of the women who work there have bad attitudes.  I gave them my thirty days notice to cancel my membership.  They still drafted my account the following due date after the thirty days.  This put my account into overdraft causing the bank to deny  another transaction that caused real havoc with my bank account.  When I called the corporate office, the woman was real snotty, talking over me, exacerbating my anger.Absolutely horrible.  Went to the first location at Tatum and Cave Creek.  Told her I needed spray tan.  She let me fill out paperwork while she chatted away on her phone and then told me the one sprayer they had was down. Not sure why she didn't tell me at first.  Then sent me to the location a mile away. Got to the next location and my information wasn't entered correctly from the first so she had to find someone else to fix it.  Then after paying, and 30 minutes of trying, found their sprayer was broken too. They told me I'd have to wait 2-3 days and then call back to speak with a manager about getting a refund for the services I never received. You take an hour of my life and my money and won't even refund it when you can't provide the service? Horrible. Bunch of kids running the place with a manager who has no idea what customer service is about.Absolutely horrible service, I went to the location on Tatum and Cave Creek,  the girl couldn't find my name in the system, after about 10 minutes, she looked at these sheets of names on the desk and found my name on the sheet, I had purchased my spray tans when it was Diva Tanning and that's why i wasn't on the system.  She said her manager would have to look at transferring  my spray tans to the new system so If I wanted a spray tan today, I would need to pay for it, she looked and looked and told me it would be 5.00, I thought that was a great price so she ran my credit card, she then couldn't find the mystic tan on the computer, after about another 10 minutes, she said she found it under a different name, then asked me how many minutes I wanted, anywhere from 11 to 45 minutes?  i can't imagine standing in a mystic tan booth for 45 minutes??  she then asked me what level I wanted and went though more confusing questions, I said I wanted level 2 and she said that would be another 7.00, then she said she found the mystic tan in the system and it was 21.00, I was not going to pay 21.00 for 1 spray tan, I told her I would pay the additional 7.00 but before I paid the additional amount, I wanted to make sure the spray tanning machine was working, I did not have a good feeling about this and my gut feeling was correct, she went through every level on the system and it told her every level of tanning spray was out of stock.  She went to the back to try to turn on the machine but she said it didn't work.  She wanted me to go to the other location on Lone Mountain to see if I could get a spray tan there.  By this time, I wasted 45 minutes of my life and just wanted her to credit my 5.00 back, she said she couldn't do that, she said to come back at another time to see if I can get my 5.00 back, she said she didn't think that would be a problem and wouldn't know why it would be a problem?  I said it won't be a problem because you will give me my refund, I don't care if it was 1.00, I was going to get my refund.  The girl was clueless and showed no empathy at all.  Avoid this place, it's not worth the hassle and it will be a complete waste of time and money!Will never go back! I had a similar experience as the other reviewer Brian A. The location at Tatum and Cave creek was recently bought and became affiliated with Celebrity Tanning and I had bought multiple spray tans a few months prior. When I went to the location at Tatum and Cave creek, I said I wanted a spray tan. She proceeded to tell me how many people weren't transferred over from the previous owner so she has no way of knowing if I have tans or not but will have someone call me. I was expecting this to be a quick in and out but now I'm filling in a form to be entered in the computer, am worried I've lost money if they don't find my tans. Then after all of that she says the machine is broken right when I think we are done and I can tan! She sends me up the road to the celebrity tan where it got worse.  It is more expensive than it ever was before. Frustrated to buy a tan when I already have some, been given the run around, I'm not in the computer and they can't call a manager about my tans. Kids running the place that have no idea about making something right with a customer. Left there leaving my phone number for the mgr to call me about my tans. They never called. I called them and they said they found I have 3 tans when I had 7. Went to use one and they have a new machine ( tatum location) and it turned me orange. Previous machine never did that. They can keep my two remaining tans that would just  make me orange. Don't give a company like this your business unless they start treating customers as they should and train and empower the kids that work there to help customers.Their customer service pales by comparison! I was one of the original customers at the Tatum/Cave Creek location (formerly Diva Tanning) and stayed with Celebrity when they bought it last year. As a monthly subscriber, I spend nearly $1,000 a year (12 x $80/month) on tanning services. My wallet was lost over the holidays and Visa had to send me a new card. I brought it in to (manager) Nicole to update my account as soon as I received it, explained why I had to change the card number and was told 'Too late! We already tried to bill you for your monthly fee and had to charge you a $5 fee because your card would not go through.' Really? I spend nearly $1,000 a year there and you are going to lose my business for $5? I guess so. This Celebrity Tanning experience has moved to the top of my list of horrible (and incredibly short-sighted) customer service experiences ... which is a shame, as it was otherwise an okay place to tan.Bought a 3 tan package and this was very close to my home. My first visit was on a Sunday and the counter person was pleasant and didn't charge me extra for the tan spray ( how do you sell a tanning package and then charge for the spray?)2nd & 3rd visit was ignored and the counter person was just snotty. Of course they charged me $5 extra for the spray. 3rd visit they charged 7.95 for the spray. Do yourself a favor-go someplace else!Oh Grace, you are too rude!!  Customer service is extremely poor and how to you sell a tanning package without the color??  If your going to advertise a"deal" then be clear on what your getting. This review is mainly about extremely rude customer service. When is it appropriate for your staff to roll their eyes at the customers?!?I base my rating on the fact that it's impossible to get anyone on the phone or to return my phone calls. I sent a tour request online and heard nothing. Then, a couple days later I called twice and left a voicemail and nothing. So disappointing. They looked so promising.Way too expensive. $125 to take away a bed! Hung up on me when I asked if there was anyway to do it less expensively. Learn customer service!One of their drivers just drove me off of the road rv110029, I can't imagine that they are a good service to use. Their support line was somewhat responsive.My brothers girlfriend and I wanted to try Mimi's nails as I work down the street and reviewed one o their fliers on my car. Let me start by saying I get my nails done every two weeks so my nails aren't f'ed up by any means. We got there at 5:20 I wanted a gel shellac manicure and pedicure. This usually takes about about an hour hour and half tops. They used a nail file to try to remove my polish from my toes an in the process cut the skin around my nails on every toe. And proceeded several times to pour more nail polish remover over my cuts even when there was no polish on my toes left. This process took 30 min. Usually is a 5 min. process. They took so long that I had to go with regular polish instead of the gel. When using the cuticle cutters on my friends toes. They cut hers up as well. I had 20 min left to be where I needed to be for dinner and they still had not put on polish it took them 30 min.  We left the salon at 7:05 I had dinner plans for 6:45.  It took almost 2 hours for my manicure and pedicure( they did them same time) it took 2 hours for my friends pedicure they were that slow.  This absolutely has been the worst experience ever. I think I want to call the state who issues licenses and send them a pic of my toes it is clearly visible how bad my toes are cut up. This was not a relaxing trip to say the least I hope the state can help me out because this can not be safe leaving a salon with do many cuts. Save yourself the pain I wish I had I wish I could upload the pics of my toes for you as they are horrific. My friend called me yesterday and expressed how bad her toes hurt. This is not ok!! Do not go there!!!The owner did my nails, the first time I was very happy with the result.However the 2nd time I was absolutely disgusted with the level of service I received. He scoffed when I asked him to push back my cuticles and then proceeded to use this bond that smelled like dirty socks, then he proceeded to tell me if there was anything I didn't like that I should let him know as he would like to keep my business. No more than 10 minutes later after my nails were done drying he proceeded to argue with me about the price for a basic acrylic fill, and normal nail polish top coat. I remember how much he charged me the first time $20 and now for my fill he was going to charge me the same price. He then proceeded to tell me his services are normally $35 for what I wanted done and that I was LUCKY I only paid $20. I could not believe how rude that statement was. My advice to future customersBEWARE OF THIS SALONThe owner doesn't post his prices and will tell you anything you want to hear only to overcharge you in the end! I was very disappointed. And furthermore my nails turned yellow after only two days. WHAT A RIPOFF!Worst customer service ive ever experienced. Everytime i come here i have to wait an hour at least. They always have 1 person working and that person always ignores whoever is waiting. They take their time no matter how busy they are getting. Even when they have 4 people waiting and someone else comes on the person was working leaves and could careless they have a line.I have no respect for people who don't know how to run a restaurant. I ordered take out and had three soup noodles.  Two small and one large.  The small didn't even have enough soup to fill a spoon.  I phone ordered my food 45 minutes before I arrived. Only when I arrived did they tell me that they won't start making my food until I show up.  I could go on but this restaurant is not worth any more frustration.This is mainly a Chinese noodle restaurant. The area is pretty small, so it feels really squished. Decend variety to choose from the menu, and prices are fair. The noodle was ok, but I feel like the meat wasn't enough, and the soup was WAYYY too salty. Probably won't come again any time soon. There were also many critical health inspections done to this place and I've of many horror stories from people. So definitely not the cleanest restaurants out there...My husband is a 68 years old retired police officer from Los Angles and former war veteran of the Marine Corp. I am a 61 years old retired professional event planner. We have been very active in our local community of Casa Grande for twenty years; involved in Rotary, Board of director on the Boys & Girls Club, representatives of our local Chamber of Commerce, Chairperson for the Relay for Life for twelve years and many other community services. We just purchased our forever home in Province 55+ in the city of Maricopa. We have been looking forward to beginning our retirement years in a new community. Between the two of us we have purchased in our life time over 10 homes. We have NEVER encountered such nonprofessional customer service as we did with Thoi Trong at Stunning Home Realty. I will highlight a few of the antics of this company. Mr. Trong constantly called and badgered my husband almost to the point of harassment with continual changes. Most nights we were exhausted from dealing with the situation. The final slap in our faces is that we closed on the house on Wednesday and we still do not have our keys to our home four days later. Basically, Mr. Trong and I text this evening he said " if you want your keys you have to come to the office in Tempe and pick them up." What happen to old the days when realtors brought you a small house warming gift and presented you with your keys. Perhaps he treated us this way because we are elder and he is a young man. It very sad situation. Unhappy customer..Nicholas & Carolyn GranadosVery disappointed with this particular DQ location. My boyfriend ordered an ice cream cake for my birthday as a surprise. He ordered the cake two days prior to needing it (although this location claims they only need 24 hours notice). He clearly explained to the employee that he needed the cake promptly when they opened at 10am to which she replied that would be no problem. When he went in to pick up the cake at 10:15am, it was not ready. The employees claimed that the top of the cake had not been finished, however we later realized that the cake hadn't even been made at all yet. They informed him they needed an extra 30 minutes to an hour to complete it. Two hours later, we came back to DQ to pick up the cake. It looked absolutely atrocious. It was obvious that the cake was rushed to be made as it was not frozen and the icing work was incredibly sloppy. At this point, my boyfriend was very frustrated and asked for a manager. After much conversation, the manager went to the back of the store to speak with either another manager or the owner of this franchised location. He then begrudgingly offered to take the cake back and refund the money or take $5 off the price. My boyfriend decided to take the $5 off, however looking back, we wished we would have given the cake back and taken the refund. I also found that offer quite strange because I am not sure what they would do with an already decorated cake. Regardless, these cakes are quite expensive and should always be made properly and on time. The owner of this location should be embarrassed they are selling such a poor product.Overall, this was an extremely poor experience and we will never order another cake from this location. If you are looking to order a cake, consider the Windmill location as we ordered one from there previously and it was made perfectly.Very upset at this location. I work across the street and went on my lunch break. I spent 45 minutes in the drive thru and they really didn't even have a line. once I finally got to the window, I paid, then sat for 15 minutes. I actually watched them put my food together 3 minutes after I arrived at the window. The girl at the window disappeared , and I finally found her dancing in the back of the store. There must have been at least 10 crew members inside the kitchen and it took 5 minutes just to wave someone down. When I finally got someone to speak to me I told them the situation and all I got was an attitude. Not even a sorry for the wait. Then practically got my food thrown at me. When I asked the girls name that was supposed to be at the window the guy shut the window. And said bye. it's ridiculous how rude these kids were. I've been in fast food, I know it sucks but they should have at least some sort of customer service or shit.. Common sense.!!!!We went through the drive-thru to order figured that it wouldn't take as long since there were only two cars in ahead of us. Gave our order and silence... The girl came back on and asked to repeat the order from the beginning and rushed through like I was wasting her time and she already knew. Okaaaay, why did I need to repeat from the beginning?? Rude.

So my husband went down to the front desk and advised them we were leaving.  Then another manager came out and said that he had an "upgraded room" that we could have and that he would waive the upgrade charge, but it was on the "Pet Floor".  By this time, it was so late (and since we were only booked for 2 nights) we decided to give it a try.  The new room was at least clean and didn't smell of urine.  The only thing this room had the other room did not was that it was clean, it had a larger TV (probably 32") and a small empty mini-fridge.  (I don't know how they would consider this an "Upgraded room".  To think that people pay more for this is astounding to me.)  Rather than waste more time finding a room at another hotel, we decided to stay and make the best of the situation.

I was visiting from LA and we hav tons of hookah places. Since the moment we sat down they gave us a huge attitude. After seating us it took them over 10minutes to even akcnowledge us. They had only 4 other tables so not busy at all and the waiter visited them several times before he even responded to me flaging him down. I asked him for any hoolah he would like to bring us. 10min later the hookah arrived but we had to wait another 5 mins to get charcol. They put this tiny charcols which went out in a few minutes. I actuallt had to get up and go to ask for more. Then i asked the waiter is he can give me a menu to order some food and something to drink. He said ohh the kitchen is closed. I said well can I atleast get a drink? He said sure and got me a beer.  The interesting part was that they continued serving the other tablea with food atleast 30minutes after i asked him.Service is the key in these kind of business. I guess that is acceptable in Arizona but this place would not survive one day in LA.Poor management...heres a tip directly from Gordon Ramsey himself....

I have never tried Chinese food from New York, but if this is how New York Chinese food is, then it's really not as great as people say it is.I don't even know that this is worth one star. I will give it one star because the fortune cookies are good. This was horrible. The WORST Chinese food I have ever eaten. It was close to my house and after a long day I did not want to cook. I did a pick order, had to wait 45 minutes. I ordered Chicken with broccoli, it was horrible. I ordered Chicken Lo-Mein, again horrible. The third entree was Mongolian Chicken, it was average.  The Crab Rangoon was greasy and nasty tasting. The hot and sour soup tasted like beefy dog food. We will not be back. The sad thing is this place was busy with to go orders and the phone was ringing off the hook. Sad! I guess when you are looking for Chinese in Sun City Summerlin and this is the only place near by, people make it work. Not this person. It was disgusting.The food is disgusting!I knew the was not going to be good when the egg rolls were pink in the inside.  Who makes pink egg rolls.  Then, the Chicken Egg Foo Young was plain and the gravy (which looked like country gravy served with biscuits) were on a different bowl. I didn't want smothered chicken, I wanted egg foo young. The chow mien (Lo Mein) was average as well as the shrimp fried rice. It was no better than a food court Chinese food place. It was edible, but no one in our family fought over the food. We left our food and didn't even take our left overs.  $28 down the drain. My husband said, " I was extremely disappointed.  The plates were so small, all of the food couldn't fit on the plate. The table was sticky." My daughter said, "Even the Fortune Cookie was nasty."  I joked and said, "My fortune cookie said "Next time eat at Taco Bell..  I hope this food doesn't come back to haunt me in the middle of the night.  It's just a strip mall Chinese food place.worst food ever, wouldn't feed a rat their food, the food was so bad I might have well thrown my money in the garbage disposal. thrity bucks what a waste. I have absolutely nothing good ta say about this place and cannot emphasis how bad the food was. I have to believe that anyone who wrote a good review either has no taste buds, or they are made of  cardboard or is working for them because they SUCK, SAVE YOUR MONEY! I am only posting one star because otherwise I can't post this message, but if I had a choice I would post a negative 5 star.  Plus your house will stink even after the food is out. Hot and sour soup tasted like beef stock, the fried rice was dry and tasted old, sweet and sour pork was so gross, it was breaded pieces in one container and sweet and sour sauce in another....no vegetables and don't even get me started with the Mongolian beef. One bite of each and I walked the whole thing out to the dumpster. If I had not bad cash I would dispute it with my bank!!I used to work in the business and I come from a family of chefs, this restaurant should be shut down. DISCUSTINGEek Methinks they owe my 30 bucks and a health department visit or at least a real chef!Food fair, but it doesn't make up for the absolute rudeness and lack of customer service from the employees. They act as if they are doing you a favor buy taking your money. And the customer is just an annoyance. If you open a business in America your employees need to be able to clearly communicate with your customersNot my cup of tea. When you place New York in front of the name, you BETTER be ready to provide flavorful dishes. I must say that I am disappointed also, the smell inside the restaurant kind of had a stitch of either sewage or old mop water. I will not be returning here. It wasn't at all what I was hoping for. Disappointed...Well this used to be our family's favorite chinese restaurant in the city until the spring  of 2014. We have tryed going back after the 1st bad experience 4 more times and we were so disappointed I felt compelled to write this review. I will tell you all the problems that we encountered.

Now for the twist of events..... Our food arrived in less than 10 minutes which is great but I was skeptical, The Burger was massive and looked so good but it was warm to the touch at best I had approx 3 bites and noticed the bacon looked as if had been microwaved from being cooked days ago and was the same a spaghetti in consistency-(Gross) The cheese was not melted, The fries looked like they were cooked in old oil due to the almost black color in nature. I tried my hardest to stomach this but I couldnt. I proceeded to flag down my waitress and ask her if this was old vice cooked to order at first she replied yes and then said something that made me raise an eyebrow, she began on informing me and my wife that she wouldnt doubt if the food was old because of the way the owner is. I asked her to elaborate and she said he is so cheap that he makes his staff count each napkin and plastic cup everyday in order to cut costs. She also informed me she almost walked out her second day on the job because of what he acts like in his day to day operations. She looked excited when I asked to speak to him about the quality and preparation of my food. When the Owner/manager Jon came to the table he sat down opposite from me and was very hostile. At this point I was pretty much amazed I would assume he would address my concerns in a professional and couteous manner vice an attempt at intimidation and apprehension. I said I would please like another burger due to the dissatisfaction of it not being fresh. He looks at myself and my wife and says' " In six years I have never comped a meal and it won't be today!!" I proceeded to inform him I simply wanted another burger and I am not looking for a comp. He then informed us that he would call the police if we didnt pay I said I would not pay for a burger like this especially one that i didnt touch. From his demeanor at this point I wanted to leave so i said look I will pay for my wifes and her drink and the beer i did not even drink but i will not pay for this quality of food.

Second time ordering to give them another chance. NO LUCK!

The drinks were weak and the fries were super, super greasy!

No Bathroom Towel's

It's bad enough the federal government gets away with charging high interest rates on student loans. Do they also have to cost us money by using an inept company to receive those payments.Ever since Café Royale took over the scene, the coffee is not fantastic. The baristas are always super crass and I know multiple people whom have applied for positions there and have been turned away because their lack of coffee making skills. So, rather than hiring someone new and exciting and completely qualified, they don't want to bother with teaching others coffee making skills, so they keep hiring people with huge egos and previous experience. How neat! I don't come here anymore - bad vibes. Go to The Victory a block or two down!We have had a terrible customer service experience with this place. The sales is experience was fine, but find a different boat shop for ongoing maintenance, repairs, and upgrades.Horrible service. They are a complete abomination and I should report them to the Better Business Bureau for their lies. They have had our boat twice in the last three weeks, not because the boat itself is changing or breaking but because they first said that nothing was wrong with it, but then it wouldn't start for us. We brought it back, after having spoken to the second in command, who PROMISED that they would look at it and fix it, and two weeks later we call and they haven't touched it. Unacceptable. No apologies or anything, so we took our boat back and are finding another individual to help us.Prtty much a super lier. Keeping lieing about anything. Recommend DON'T GO. Unless, you want to have terrible service and regret about your money. Cannot believe it!This place is horrible for service.  We bought a new Four Winns H200 from them last year.  We brought it in for repairs for damage caused by someone else and told them we also had a gas leak.  After two weeks of them having our boat, we didn't hear a word from them.  We followed up with them and they hadn't even pulled the boat into the shop to look at it!  They said they would look at it the next day after we called them.  Another week went by and we heard nothing.  We called and left several messages for the service manager, John L. without a return call.  We finally talked to him and he said there was no gas leak.  My husband stopped in the next day to pick up our boat and lo and behold, they found the gas leak.  The motor had a leak and was covered under warranty.  We were told it would be repaired the next day. It is now a week later (for a total of 4 weeks that they have had our boat) and several more messages have gone unreturned.  My husband has stopped in several times and they won't tell him anything other than our boat is not repaired yet.  With a service manager who doesn't care about the customers, it's no wonder their service stinks.  What kind of example is he making for his employees?  Look at all the bad reviews for this place.  Surprised they're still in business.I am writing this while I sit at their parking lot waiting for my boat to be put on a trailer from the dry dock. I called yesterday morning and requested to have my boat pulled from the dry dock and was told that it will be ready today at 1 pm. I came out here at 2 pm thinking it will be ready for pick up. I looked around and my boat was nowhere to be found. I asked the lady at the service department and I was told that it will take 20 mins for them to grab my trailer across the street. I've been sitting here for and hour and a half now and nothing. I walked in there again and asked the same lady and she had already forgotten about me. She comes back and tells me that the first guy they sent could not find my trailer and they have another guy go grab it (I actually just saw my trailer pull in). I wouldn't be this upset if I didn't feel like "another customer"to them. See, I bought the boat brand new for 35k cash. I even added a swim platform for another 3k. They said that it would take 2 weeks for the swim platform to be installed. A month has passed and no swim platform. I go in to see what was going on and found out that they have not even placed an order. I smiled and told them that it's ok and I would like to cancel the order. They said they will write me a check and mail it to me but I didn't find anything in my mailbox. My gf had to yell at them before they found someone to write the stupid check. We are picking the check tomorrow.... It has been 2 months... Skipper will treat you like a you matter until they take your money from your account and you will fall under their radar. Crappy service, crappy treatment of their customer and you will feel like you are an inconvenience to them.They recently came under new ownership.  Absolute worst dry cleaners in Madison.  They break buttons on your shirts, have destroyed 4+ shirts, and consistently miss pick up times.  I have had to return multiple shirts because they were not cleaned properly.  I would strongly urge you to reconsider before bringing your clothes there.I used the Whistle stop under the previous owners and they were great.  The new ownership has completely ruined that experience.  They have destroyed multiple shirts and the service is poor.  I would beware if you are going to them and not bring anything you care about.The new management is awful. The turn around time is brutal and the customer service is even worse. I would not recommend.Very disorganized!  Write down exactly what you drop off because you may need it to get all of your clothes back. I've used them twice and and the same issue both times. Credit card iPad and Square system they use isn't reliable and had a problem trying to pay also.I went to Jacobson's for years to get standing rib roast for Christmas dinner.  It was always fabulous.  Last year, I picked up the roast, prepared as usual, and it was dreadful.  Full of gristle, didn't taste good, etc.  My guests struggled to pretend it was good and tried to keep cutting it.When I called to complain, I was told they had a lot of lower grade roasts left and "had to get rid of it" so I got one of them.  I am quoting them exactly.  When I complained to the owner, there was never a response.  Make sure if you're going to use them that you insist on prime+ or you'll get something else if they "have to get rid of it."Terrible service. The women that work here are not friendly at all! Not to mention, they are overly adamant about no picture taking. I was in with my sister dress shopping because our mother was over seas and would not be back until just before the wedding. The lady would not even let me take a picture to send to my own mother! Her reasoning was because we could go make the dress or have someone else make it... Like what the actual hell. I highly recommend NOT going here. Brides and Belles in Reedsburg is where it's at!Although I like Kohls products, and prices, I haven't shopped there in 5 months. Five months ago while purchasing almost $200.00 worth of clothing, a salesman next to me offered a couple an extra coupon he had under the desk. When I asked my saleswoman if she had any extra coupons she told me "the only way I would get a discout is if I took out a Kohls card." I complained to the customer service department, and was told in essence "too bad". When I wrote the corporate office they offered me a 15% discount on line,(only after I said I wasn't sastified with their just speaking to the store manager.

Walking in was very awkward since no one greets you and you face the bar area. Right side is the restroom which when I was there, it had a broken handicap stall door. Lighting is good, music fits in pretty well. Then walking forward, you can see the wall of meat and seafood to one side and vegetable on the other. The worst part about the whole buffet area is the sauce area, way too crowded and the spoon are way to small to fill the sauce bowls. So a lot of people are there trying to decide on sauce then uses additional time for using the small spoons. The soda machine is next to the seafood area, again 3 dollars after the ridiculous 35 dollars. Great. (sarcasm)Service:

tacos with a hair baked into the shell. This place really needs to pull themselves together and make some changes - too many other options these days.Dropped by for happy hour at this iconic mexican food space in Old Town. extremely disappointed. HH is only in the bar. The bar only had seats AT the bar - the remainder of the bar was dark - no lights turned on. We asked if we could go into the bar area for HH and were told, no, there is no room. We took our money and our appetites to Cien Agave  down the street. will probably not return to Los Olivos....So it starts like this. I walk in and see two counters with people standing at them. The first has a girl standing there wiping down a menu. She looks up and doesn't say anything. I ask if we can be seated and she still says absolutely nothing. I walk over to the other counter and stand in front of the gentleman at that counter. He stares at me, doesn't greet me, and asks, "do you want to eat?" Well, of course I do. He walks passed the first of multiple open tables. He stops at the first. Shakes his head and keeps moving, goes do a second, stops, and then continues. At this point I'm really confused. It is obvious by the hosts body language he doesn't want to be there and could give two shits about his job. After passing the third table he balks at that and places me and my son in the furthest corner table possible. He throws two menus down and I ask if he has a kids menu. No smile, no emotion, just pretty much turns and walks away. I waited about 7 or 8 minutes and he never returned. I walked to the front to find an employee but I couldn't find anyone anywhere. No joke! The same female stood there and I asked if he worked here. She looked up at me and then put her head down and totally ignored me. I was miffed but I figured Id stick it out. I walked back without the menu.A server walked by us. Ignored us again. After about 10 minutes someone came out with waters. Let me preface this by saying there was approximately 15 people in the restaurant at this time. I asked for a kids menu again and this server finally spoke up and said they are making copies of one.  Eventually service came and we were able to order. I was l, well, pretty underwhelmed with the food. The absolutely horrible welcome and service left a sour taste which wasn't helped by average food. It was very obvious why it was dead at 6pm in downtown Scottsdale. If they ever want to survive they need to do a 180 degree turn. My recommendation would be to walk around the corner to The Mission.I went there last night with a large party (10). You would think they would see a larger group and be excited and or a least kind. However everyone was pretty short and rude. We decided to stay and try out the food, even the the table was messy and the menus were greasy. All of which should have been warning signs of what was to come. What we received should not be called Mexican food. We had hot plates but cold rice and lukewarm food. When we informed our waitress of the issue she stated she would get us more rice which she did. However she didn't take the plate back, she provided us a plate to put the cold rice AFTER we had asked for the plate in which to do that. I personally ordered the Carne with an Enchilada and it was the WORSE enchilada I've ever had. I've made better ones using canned chile. The steak tasted like rubber and was very chewy. There was 0 consistency with the food seeing as though 3 people ordered the same meal and none looked or tasted the same. I live in Phx now and i was hoping to show my family a decent spot for some Mexican food. I was extremely disappointed in this place and will never go to it again nor will I recommend it. If you're thinking of coming here just go to chipotle or even Taco Bell, it will be cleaner and the food will be done with pride.I would give zero. This is by far the worst Mexican place ever. They increased prices and the service is so deplorable... I hope this place goes under soon!I just had the worst margaritas I almost tried to drink. It was also difficult to dip chips into salsa on a flat plate. I had not been there for decades and I won't  need to go back for decades.My wife & I are Scottsdale residents so we've had Mexican food a few ( hundred) times....this was an UNPLEASANT experience.  We had the Carne Asada & Beef Fajitas.   Her Med Rare was charred done.  My fajitas were a salty, oily pile of onions & peppers.   To top it off we gave our Groupon to our waitress & the fun really began....Claudia wrote the voucher # down & tried to redeem it but there was bad reception and it would not show as "Used".  We offered to go outside & try to connect... No luck... Groupon server was down. We went back in and Claudia told us we would have to call Groupon and she couldn't honor the voucher.  We asked to speak to a manager and she was very pleasant and explained that it happened to them three times this evening and as long as the waitress already had the voucher # it would be no problem. The picture is of our unbussed table after we paid our check and went through this 15 minutes of hassle!  Claudia needs additional CUSTOMER SERVICE training!Are you kidding me? This place is absolutely awful. We were there today before the giants exhibition game. All 6 of us thought our entrees were terrible. Sensing we were less than pleased the young waiter told us we should have asked him for his opinion before we ordered. Dude, if you have the key to the secret menu share it!  One guy in our party ordered the Caesar with chicken with the dressing on the side. It came out wrong and when by the time it was replaced the rest of us were long done with our entrees. Oh yeah. He threw a tip on the bill ( I assume because we were a party of 6). What a tool.From 30 minutes after we ate our Green Chicken Burrito, for 2 days -- major stomach issues. Not coolio. Not even close.I don't even know where to start with this review except to say that this is, hands down, the worst restaurant experience I have had since I moved to Scottsdale a year and a half ago.A friend planned a post-work happy hour here with a large group of friends (7 total), with most of us arriving around 5:30PM. Before being seated, as we arrived a little early, my boyfriend and I found seats after the bar. After a short wait, the bartender came over and served us each a Corona, which was the only reason this place got a star at all.Once our friends arrived, we were seated in a large booth with an adjoining table. Our waitress was kind, but ineffective at her job. Repeatedly, she walked away from our table mid-sentence or once we'd asked to order. Being new to Los Olivos, I decided to stick with a relatively safe entree: nachos with chicken. She asked me if I'd like to add guac and sour cream and when I said "sure", she informed me that each item was a THREE DOLLAR upcharge, and that the basic nachos (cheese, jalapenos) with chicken were $14.95, meaning the resultant nachos with guac were going to be almost $18!! When I saw a menu and realized that only cheese and jalapenos were on the nachos, I called her back over and asked to cancel the order altogether so that I could get something else. She said that they were already done and she would charge me $15.95 with the guac because "some of the prices in the computer are wrong". Okay, I ordered them, they're nachos, how bad can they be, right?Wrong. Ten minutes after she told me that they were done, they came out with the rest of the food. The base chips were greasy and covered with what appeared to be dried up shredded cheese, melted 10-15 minutes ago. You couldn't even get a chip without it breaking off from the baked-on cheese. The chicken was dry, and had no moisture. Yes, the portion was large, but that doesn't matter when the food is inedible. I -never- send food back or refuse to eat it (seriously, I could probably count on one hand the number of times that's ever happened to me in my life) and I -LOVE- nachos... but these were terrible. The entire rest of the table shook their heads in apology, and even when I offered them up, no one else wanted any.At the end of our meal, I approached the ticket counter to pay and told the young girl there "Look... I ordered these, so I'll pay for them. But you need to know... those chicken nachos...", then she finished my sentence "Were terrible? Yeah, I know... They're bad! You should try something else next time!" I said "I'm just going to be honest, there's not going to be a next time here. This was really, really bad." She took my card and ran it (for $20, with the automatic gratuity) and told me to have a nice day. No apology, no offer to let me speak to the manager to at least make them aware of the food quality... just an acceptance that she KNEW they were awful and then swiping my card.So, that's it for Los Olivos. They're my first one star review, and I have to tip my hat to them because they really earned it. The rest of our table all had reasonable experiences, but this was enough to turn me off of them for good. (Except their tiny $20 margarita pitchers... which the entire table thought was a rip off. $27, if you want strawberry.) Save yourself the trouble, go to Dos Gringos, Loco Patron, or any of the much better places with decent service to boot. At least they take decent care of their customers and will care about the experience.So today me and a friend decided to go out to eat at around 5:30 ish so he suggested to go to Los Olivos and I was like sure lets give it a try once we got there we were greeted by the guy up front he asked us where we wanted to sit so we said anywhere is fine,one of his servers was nearby and he asked him if he could seat us and serve us and he said "I GUESS" could've been more nice, we decided to start with some queso in the menu it had the option of either medium or large the server didn't even ask which we wanted he just brought out the large one,we were like ok it's cool,we looked over the menu some more until we decided to get some chimichangas the server suggested we add beans and rice without even saying it was an extra charge,we asked for a side of sour cream instead we received a huge spoonful of sour cream on top of our chimichanga,the rice was dry and had no flavor the beans were really really dry and the lettuce that came with the plate was hot and looked really old,we got asked if we were okay ONCE the servers helper came to refill our drinks like 2 times without even asking if we wanted a refill and when he came he didn't even talk after the server was done helping a huge group he came to drop off our check without even asking if we were done or if we wanted desert, we waited for 10 minutes and he never came back to pick up our cards to pay for the bill so we decided to get up and start walking out until we saw the greater in the door,we asked who we were supposed to give our cards too and he said I guess I can take care of it, when he charged us we asked if we could split the tab and he responded with I don't know if I can do that,he eventually figured out how to do it.

Long overdue getaway turned sour!Ok so here's the condensed version: bathtub drain clogged, air conditioner sounds like a bomb blast going off, construction vehicles outside all night, drilling going on all day, maids yelling outside room when they come by, horrible meal at TGI Fridays, worse than horrible meal from room service, roving bands of unsupervised inner city teenagers (there for some kind of basketball camp or competition), bellman took nearly an hour to arrive when departing.  I've stayed here many times and really enjoyed my stay.Note to new manager, get your act together.Will not stay here again.  My sister and I took a quick trip to Las Vegas with my two kids.  So we wanted stay somewhere off the strip and after looking into hotels this seemed to be perfect for the kids.  Bowling, movie theater, arcade and a kids zone you can check them into.  On Sunday we drove from San Diego after my sons soccer tournaments and check into the hotel around 10:30 get settled in and relax after a long drive around 11:25 pm all this drilling noise starts.  We were aware there was remodeling going on but that was between 9am and 6 pm.  Called the front desk and they acted like they had no clue what it was turned out it was construction being done way past midnight.  We left to eat so by the time we get back it was over.  On Monday after taking the kids to the pool we return to our room. We had plans to go to the strip I open the closet to grab the iron only to find the biggest cockroach.  At this time I'm half way out the door.  Call the front desk and was told they would send housekeeping to take care of it.  I requested a new room ( I really wanted out of that hotel) I was told they would send a bell boy with a key to a new room.  Almost an hours later they bring a new key.  I asked him if he wanted to see it, he said no he believes me and acted like no big deal.  As we are struggling  to get all out luggage out the door as fast as we can one of the housekeeping ladies walk by and asked if everything was ok.  I said no!  I show her what we found and she said its common there but normally they are found in the restroom.  So we go to the new room they put us in and the A/C is not working.  I went to the front desk and request a new room. We finally get into a new room with working A/C and get settled.  I didn't sleep at all with the loud A/C and being traumatized with the roach.   They next day we get up and ready to the strip for lunch and as I'm walking out the door the maid just opens the door no knock no mention she is coming in.  She asked if we are checking out I told her no. So wed morning we are due to check out at Noon.  My sister and my kids are sleeping and was tossing and turning and around 8:35 am our door just swings open.  I jumped up terrified to see the maid just walk into our room again!!!! Doesn't say anything and just walks out.  By this time I'm meant to leave the hotel.  I find a maid supervisor and told her what happen,  she said that's how they do room checks and they start at 8 am and walked away.  We are all getting ready to check out as quick as we can.  As I'm getting ready to put my son in the shower there is no water! My sister calls the front desk and is told it won't be on for another hour! Our whole stay was a mess.  The point of our trip was to relax and get away but turned into a stressful trip.  Will never stay here again! A few pros -the kids loved the pool and bowling .We stayed here the weekend of July 10-13 and it was passable.  However, on Sunday July 12th I was playing the slots and had just taken out a $90.97 voucher and put it into another slot machine...which ate it up and I received no credit for it.  I called the slot lady and she told me that they were upgrading their computers and that the slot machines shouldn't have taken my voucher.  'HELLO' IT DID....I proceeded to show her the machine I took it out of and she said "Well, how do we know that you took it out of that machine?" BASICALLY...CALLING ME A LIAR...She then called her supervisor and they talked.  She then took my phone number and told me that there was nothing they could do until they did an audit and call me back to refund my money...she never called back. BUT SURPRISE, SURPRISE, Last week Ms.. Revel Pabon from their offices called me and apologized for all the inconvenience and miscommunications and yesterday I received a check for the $90.97 and a complimentary stay for 2 nights which includes a meal credit....SURPRISE, SURPRISE....maybe we will return!!I checked in august 17 2015 slept right away as very tired from long drive. When i woke up the next morning i saw a booger on the bathroom wall and blood on the toilet bowl, i didnt report it as i didnt want the cleaning lady to get in trouble so I left a note before leaving today to sanitize the booger and blood on the toilet, but when I came back after 12 hours of work, it is still not clean!!!!! Their cleaning lady need to learn a lesson, when someone leave a note means clean it!The free shuttle service at the Orleans is a joke, not only are you dropped off at a very isolated location at night, outside Caesar Palace but the shuttle does not always run after midnight.  We took the shuttle tonight and arrived at the pick up place at 11:40pm, no shuttle.  They had a broken down one and the driver said another shuttle should be along soon.  After 45 min. I called the Orleans, and the lady knew nothing about another shuttle and she had no idea who to call.  I told her we have 10 people here needing  a ride to the Orleans and she said she would try and help me.  So she called Bell Tran and she then tells me that they had no idea who or if anyone was coming for us.  About that time, a total of 60 min waiting, a bus shows up to take us to the Airport.  Of course, none of us wanted the airport but the nice lady did take all of us to the Orleans.  Stay at the Orleans if you have your own transportation but do not rely on their shuttle bus in the future.This review is for the casino. Went on a Monday. All of the dealers looked like they had all of their toenails pulled out in some sort of torture. They were all mean and nasty. Just plan nasty!!!  People go to gamble and have a good time. One of things that make a good time is when the dealers are social. This place is horirble.Not worth your time here! We stayed here, cause we were here for a wedding.1) the blankets, the blankets is a joke, it's a thick rug, it doesn't keep you warm, and they don't have anything else to give but another cheap rug.2) Food, all very very terrible. 3) everything is old, but you get what you pay for its expected4) we got the upgraded suit, according to the website, the new renovated suit, so the room is ok, but the bathrooms shows the age.5) the casino is all smoke! The carpet and the walls probably soaked all the smoke through out the decade, it's just bad news. When we checked in, the front desk told us 90% of the guest they check in are comps, so she encouraged Ilya to gamble, she made it sound like if you gamble you'll get it. After staying here for 3 nights, I question even with free rooms if it's worth it.6) the Central air does not work, the hotel is freezing with paper thin rugs/ sheets, when you higher the temperature it shoots heat air,   Or just shoots more cold air. This didn't just happen to our room, it also happened to all of our friends room. Bring your own blankets or sweaters, cause it's hard to get good sleep, unless your wasted!7) no frig in the room! Cheap cheap cheap hotel!Stay clear from this casino, they rent a booth to western union who has the nastiest, rudest clerk I have ever made contact with,  bc of her I will never step foot in this casino again,  and that's too bad bc they have the best clam chowder in the world in big als, Ill miss the chowder but not the service in these booths they rent space too, well back to the strip!Just avoid at all costs. You would think that customer service would be a priority in a place that's off the beaten path and not as upscale as the competition. You would be wrong. There is no reason to subject yourself to this kind of punishmentAttempting to make a long story short:

We both agreed that this was a overly expensive burger for its quality. The burger seemed huge in size, but you'll notice that the burger patty is very thin actually, the big size of the burger is basically because they use a bunch of cabbage and the bun in tall, you can confirm that from other people's photos here at Yelp.The fries that came with the burger were a joke, they were probably worse than McDonald's, and came with a ketchup-like (which was probably just ketchup) sauce.The drink my wife ordered (named Smoke and mirrors) tasted and looked great.Service was good, nothing really special about it.We will never go back or recommend.Place feels exactly like I imagine Guy Fieri, lots of flare, very little substance.My friend and I stopped by on our way out of Vegas and were extremely disappointed. Starving and walking away with money in our pockets we were ready for one last great meal before we returned to the daily grind, should have gone somewhere else.Service was eh in the beginning, 14 empty tables and the hostess tried telling us that they had no seats available. A manager came up and yelled at the poor hostess in front of us.After being seated, our waitress was extremely friendly and the only good thing about my experience here.We both ordered the Sashimi Won-Tacos and Drunken Fish Tacos. They were dry and underwhelming, Guy is all about flavor and sauces and spices and his food was awful!I would never eat here again and cant even watch Diners anymore, how can I trust someone who can't make a decent fish taco?Wanted to give this place a try and see if it was any good. As Las Vegas is known for many chefs that open restruants he on the strip or in one of the major casinos.Well this on is next to the Quad by the Linqs and the new high roller.

-ceiling lights installed in the wrong spot

Crossing this restaurant off as a food destination when visiting Phoenix!How can a fellow Yelper rate this as a 5 and me a 1? Maybe it was an off day?This place is absolutly beautiful! The service was average to slow, considering I was 1 of 3 tables. The chips were bland and the salsa was crap. If you took strained canned tomatoes and added an onion powder from the dollar store and a little salt. That was the salsa. Totally crap. I ordered the appitizer combo, thinking it would be a good way to sample a little of everything... that was the thought. it had a mole` type covered enchilada with chicken in it. The mole` was decent, but it was very sweet, no spice at all. Maybe this was dessert?

Billy, Jamell, Tyler and the group were the best. Dee would have the best massage anywhere on the strip pool side. Christina would take care of drinks and each year we would meet new friends and hang out with old friends. After the casino was built it took on a new look.The cabanas built up on top never seemed to work. Everyone wanted to be at the pool for the action.

Inquired about shipping to Carson City and rcvd delayed correspondence/email that from Ken that it would take about a week and half to rcv it from 'our' warehouse and then they would ship it out.

After apologizing, he said he will have his manager remove the extra charge as well as remove the 2 sundae charges for us as a courtesy. I thought that was very nice of him. A few minutes later, he came back embarrassed, to say that his manager removed the chicken charge but not the desserts. I did not find this to be a problem since my kids consumed the desserts anyway. After he brought the credit card slip to sign, I took a closer look at the bill and realized both adult meals were at twice the listed price. Then I remembered the 2 menus. On our way out, I asked the hostess what the difference between the two menus was and after she told me the smaller menu was for lunch, I asked what was needed to order lunch items next time. She replied: "We serve lunch until 4pm".

-don't get me wrong, I'm a cheese lover, but it was sooooooooo cheesy that I just couldn't eat it without wanting to vomitClam Chowder mediocre KIDS MENU ANGUS SLIDERS:

Food price is considered quite high for a hot pot place.  It was $100 for 3 adults and 2 kids.  Serving size is small to medium.  All 5 of us were still somewhat hungry and left to find another restaurant for snacks and drinks.Service:

Went to Old Navy  about three years ago they said we were pre-approved for a new credit card and we never received this card

-The air conditioner works, but it extremely noisy.

Don't get sucked in by the cheap pay structure. If the adjustments don't feel right to you. Don't do it, or you may end up like me with your holidays ruined because of being hurt.Dr. Gillespie is great but one of the front desk receptionists was so incredibly rude to us, we're not sure we will return, even though we still have pre-paid months on our package. It's a shame, we actually try to time our visits when the other receptionists are working. Depending on when you visit, you'll either have a great visit or get treated with a level of condescension and disdain that you'll never return.Hi folks, Sorry if this sounds rantish but I wanted to get this out there. I had a terrible experience with ZeroRez carpet cleaners and wanted to get the word out to be cautious when dealing with them. My wife and I had used them before (groupon/living social deals) and found their service to be excellent. We had a "pet incident" where our dog was peeing in the upstairs hallway, my wife yelled NO, and the dog ran down the stairs still peeing. Since we were having family in town for Thanksgiving, we called Zerorez and they said they would squeeze us in. The woman explained for the hallway and stairs it would be 119 dollars plus a small fee for a pet enzyme solution. She explained they could not give us the price until they saw the area, but she had said a small fee so no worries on my end. The guy shows up today and says we are lucky because the pet enzyme solution was "only going to cost us $50 bucks instead of $75 since the area was so small." I said there is no way I am paying an additional 50 dollars on a 119 dollar for a small fee. He explained they charge 50 or 75 as a flat fee for this and I should have been told about it up front. I said there is no way I am paying that and I would like to cancel the appointment. He called the office and informed me they said I had to pay a $50 dollar cancellation fee. I tried not to laugh and said no way man time for you to go. He asked if I would speak to someone at the office, so I said sure because I did not want to get him in trouble. The woman at the office was super rude, told me they said there would be a fee and I was liable for it. I said look if you told me the fee on a 119 dollar bill would be 50 dollars I would have thanks but no thanks and found another service. She said I had to pay the fee and I said your crazy if you think I am paying a penny for your lack of transparency. She then said "we will cancel the appointment, but if you ever use our service again there is a 50 dollar charge on your account. Thank you and have a nice day," Click. Needless to say, we will never use zerorez again. I know they have a good rep on here and that they do good work, but if you are doing business with them make sure to get ALL their pricing up front.I used Zerorez in September 2014 and had a wonderful experience.  They were nice to deal with and I got an appointment right away.  My carpet looked great after they cleaned.  I called again a week ago, and did not have the same experience.  The woman who took my call was rude and argued with me about the service I had in 2014, even looking up the "notes" and reading to them, which was insulting when I know what I paid for.  Couldn't get an appointment time with less than a 4 hour window (even though I did the first time), and nothing for over 3 weeks out.  They did a great job, and I was planning to use them again, but not after the rude conversation I had attempting to book an appointment.  I found another company, locally owned (not a franchise) and I will use them from now on.  Maybe this lady was having a bad day, but it's not the way to run a business.$250 for two average rooms, one treated for a couple pet accidents.   The room treated for pet odor is worse than when we started.  Not worth it at all.  Very disappointed.I went here because it was open on Sunday, and most chiropractors are not.  I was leaving on a plane trip in the evening, so I wouldn't be around to see my regular chiropractor the next day.  I've had a very focal sharp pain by my right shoulder.  It was a subluxed rib.  I know this, because I've had one before.  I'm also a medical professional.  But I could not perform the maneuvers I required to replace it by myself.I gave Dr. Heath the whole story, and I built up hope that he would focus on it.  Instead, what he did was a routine standard spinal and neck maintenance maneuvers.  He didn't do any maneuvers that corrected my specific rib issue  (or tried to), which is the only reason I went.  I left in the same pain (scale 8/10) that I had when I walked in there.He got my $29.99 for the Walk-In option,  but I won't be returning.Went here after being injured (dislocated shoulders, wrist) and detailed all this to Dr. Lovaas who began treatment which was VERY painful and offered no relief. At no time did he say that I should not be there or that it would cause more pain and damage. Selected a 6 mo plan yet due to the major pain I was going 3 x week (paying extra) but nothing worked. I had to go out of the country for the month of Aug and I informed them of this fact, the receptionist said that they would freeze my account until I called and let them know I was back, when I returned to LV I had to undergo the appropriate medical treatment (rheumatologist/orthopod/rehabilitation therapy since the pain was very bad and per doctor's orders, so I called to let them know I would not be able to continue with them. Not only did they lie about freezing the account and continued to charge me every month but their answer to this problem was "you can continue normally" or "we can cancel your account but you can continue to pay"- that is not a solution. They actually told me I needed to follow their procedures (and I know this how? their representative NEVER mentioned nor give me any forms/information to this effect (which I think is THEIR procedure so they can then come back with "you didn't follow our procedure because who knows what those are unless they tell you, right?) So it's BUYER BEWARE..... but I will continue until I get satisfaction from this place which should have known their limited services would not be of benefit for someone who is actually injured, this is not ethical nor correct.I went to check this place out since it is closer than where I normally go to, and my boyfriend recommended it. The place is clean and nice, but the receptionist was very rude. Maybe I am just used to the friendly staff at Align. I filled out my paperwork and she tells me I can't be seen because I was recently in a car accident 5 months ago, but she says I can wait for the doctor and talk to him, she let 3 other people go before me when I was there first...I only got up and left because her attitude was not welcoming, and I am definitely not a sensitive person, but her attitude was not acceptable. Customer Service is important. I'll continue to go to Align...the drive is worth it.I am very disappointed in this clinic and feel they are more interested in scheduling their clients for ongoing 2x a week membership/appointments than a clients immediate needs. The receptionist seem rude and irritated with the people calling in with questions or appointments.... I felt scammed. I prefer Align!I went to chiropractor's office as a referral, called The Joint - Boca Park​. Because I know better that my neck and shoulder pain was temporary, I would never sign a one year subscription. I specifically told the front desk receptionist that I was only signing up for the one-month subscription that included 4-visits at $60 and paid this upfront. I returned for a second visit, but didn't return for the last two visits. A few months later I get letter that I have not paid for 6-months. I call to speak with the Wellness Coordinator that says that I initialed for the monthly subscription, because that's where the Veteran receptionist pointed for me to initial. I would never expect that a healthcare provider would rip me off like that.I made the call 10-minutes ago. The Wellness Coordinator said she would e-mail me the cancellation form, which she shouldn't have to because my intention was to never ever sign up for a monthly subscription. In the meantime, I still haven't received the e-mail.My husband has 1200 friends on FB. I will be sharing this review and I will be sharing this on Yelp.And you best better believe, this is going to BBB!Rant not over!I have been seeing chiropractors at The Joint for a few months now. I was very pleased to find them and really applaud their business model. In the past I have gone to chiros who wanted me to come to their offices more than three times a week! I appreciate the efficiency of The Joint.

- Selection - Compared to other places, the selection has gone way down. You get a couple hot items you wouldn't get at other places (Sushi, cooked fish, variety of soups, etc), but it's not worth it.

Just to give you an idea of the situation, I gave very precise, "kindergarden" instructions about the decorations as we wanted it a month in advance (with pictures to help)  and made a CD of 3 songs for the ceremony (one for the groom, one for the bride, one for the couple), and gave all that to the Hilton the day before so that they will be able to plan ahead.

The first time I was completely freaked out, thinking someone drained everything out of my bank account some how, since I gave the Wingstop girl my debit card... I drove right over to Bank of America and checked my balance... Nope! The money is still in my account... So I got cash, drove back over and paid... Then left, extremely stressed out... The second time I experienced issues with their register I actually had cash on me so it wasn't a big deal... However this time I went in unprepared (totally my fault I guess? Never mind that they should have reliable registers that accept all VISA cards in the year 2016...) since it has been probably 6 months or more that I have refused to spend money there... I have friends coming into town late who will be extremely hungry no doubt after an 8 hour drive from California and I worked late SO I decided to order out from this Wingstop when nothing else was really open at this hour... BIG MISTAKE! I get there and the little girl behind the counter proudly states to the whole restaurant that my card was declined... I tell her that is impossible, what did your register actually tell you. "Oh well it says your card is expired" so... 1. It's telling you my card is expired not declined and 2. It is clearly not expired as per the date ON my card? I dunno... Maybe a lot of people come in there and order food who don't really have money to pay for it and that gets irritating? But maybe... Just MAYBE you guys need to get a clue and realize it is your register since twice now, I had to drive myself over to a bank and retrieve cash?! Never coming to this location again. Honestly so ridiculous and annoying."VISA, it's everywhere you want to be."

Ok granted i don't work at a bbq and yeah i don't live out in memphis. But dam it don't assume s*** about me. When you cook at a low temp for a long period of time it's to keep it juice and give it some smoke flavor. Not dried out jerky! They would have gotten a 2 maybe 3 stars from me. But mister manager you drove it over the top with your insulting comments.Sad. Sad excuse for barbecue. I ate the toughest and most flavorless piece of brisket that I have ever had in my life. I didn't know that cow could have that little flavor. The sauce was weak. The sides. . .I could've gotten better sides at 7-11. Our server was drunk or under age or both. She could barely get our order and move from one side of the restaurant to the other. If I had to do what my mother told me and say something nice I could say the fried pickles were good. But that's no damn reason to eat at this restaurant. Please don't eat here.Ate here a million years ago. It was pretty gross. No clue if it even exists anymore. Moving on...I had the St Louis Ribs with Cole Slaw and Mac n Cheese. I asked the server is the MacNCheese was baked and he said yes.  When the plate arrived, it looked like Kraft or velvetta with elbow mac.  I sent it back for the beans.  Beans tasted just like Bush's canned beans with a few pieces pork added to make it look homemade.  The Cole Slaw was blah.  Just regular cabbage with a mayo dressing. No colorfull presentation with red cabbage and carrots like Mom made.  The ribs were meaty and were pink with smoke flavor.  The wierd part is the cut line on the ribs. It was clean and flat.  When you cut good ribs apart, they break apart before a knife can cut them. These ribs looked like they could be refrigerator magnets because the cuts were so sharp.  You have to use the squeeze bottle sauces on the table to give  the ribs some moisture.My goodness. I try to see the good in every place I try to go eat, and yet this place just couldn't get it right. I went on 4th of July (hello, prime BBQ day!) and I ordered the Brisket combo with a couple of sides. My BF got a 3 meat combo, with Burnt Ends, Brisket, and Pulled Pork. I couldn't manage to choke down any of it -every piece of meat in front of us was either dry as a bone or burnt to a char....and the burnt ends (I won't ding them for those being charred, it says it in the title)...were practically PURE FAT! AND NO FLAVOR! And, BBQ Sauce didn't help; they didn't have any sauces I liked (and none of them helped enhance the flavor of the food) I tried to poke into the sides (greens, Mac/cheese) and was equally dissatisfied. This is probably the ONLY time I've ever sent EVERYTHING back (except my Sweet Tea, which was good) and actually exited the restaurant. It was disappointing too, because it always smells SO good around there...but the food...well, I wouldn't even eat it for free. On the other hand, our server was very gracious, and because he noted our displeasure with the entire meal, he did bring us some peach cobbler to snack on while we waited for our small check (for the sweet tea). Would not consider returning.El stinko grande. There isn't a single thing I would recommend about this place. The "BBQ" is lousy, the service is pathetic, and it just isn't worth the effort. The sides are passable, but not at the price. A McDonald's McRib sandwich is better BBQ that what this place puts out. Go anywhere else but here.The service was way better than the food until a large party came in, then the waiter couldn't handle the 3 tables he had. The drinks, (which was a Washington Apple) was served in a extra large shot glass instead of a martini glass. Worst of all, it tasted like cranberry with a squirt of Crown!  Last Friday's for me!I was really disappointed with the service here. I went for a quick lunch on the Tuesday before Christmas and ordered  a draft beer and a burger. It took forever for the beer to come, even after I managed to intercept the server to ask about it. When it finally showed up it was flat, and I went through the process again to get a bottle instead, thinking they couldn't screw that up. Meanwhile, I could see the bartender practicing his bottle-flipping moves -and he wasn't very good at that either. The place was nearly empty but the server was usually nowhere to be seen. When the burger finally came, it was fine I guess, but I was too pissed off to enjoy it. I had to flag down caught the manager to get my check. Then I had to get her again to charge the meal to my room - they needed to use a different check for that, and no one asked me how I wanted to pay. The place was not very well run and seemed indifferent to the customers. I won't go back.I think T.G.I. Friday's is a fine establishment, especially for chain restaurants. But this spot is terrible. I've been here twice and have been thoroughly disappointed. The first time my problem was with the service. It took forever to be seated and to be served. The second time it was with the food. My wings were undercooked and my well done cheeseburger was pink. Then my date's well done burger was pink also, by that point she didn't even want to send it back because we already sent two things back. And on top of that the waitress took forever to return with the bill. I know some casino restaurants are crappy because they don't rely on repeat business and make it up with volume. But this one is pathetic. I will not be back to this one.This place sucks. The food is so expensive and tastes like shit. The gm is a nazi psycho who treats all employees like garbage so obviously theyre not in the best mood when they serve you. i hate them. fridays at home rules way harder than this stupid placeI was here on the 4th of July because it was the only place open I could find at 11pm. Everything started off great. the hostess was nice and friendly. She gave us our menus and told us our server would be with us shortly.  It took him 10 minutes to finally show up. It wasn't busy at all. Don't know why it took him that long. He too our order for drinks and cameback 5 minutes later.  At this point, I'm starting to get annoyed.  We finally ordered and he took our order and seemed confused. We had to tell him 3 times exactly what we wanted.  20 minutes later, our hostess was bringing our food, not the server. WTF? She apologized for the delay. I looked across the room and saw our server handing drinks to another table. Really? We were waiting a long time.  We were all pissed at this time and to make matters worse, he got one of the orders wrong. Nothing remotely to what we wanted. We didn't say anything because we wanted to eat and get the hell out.  I finished my drink and waited for the server to come by and offer a refill. I waited and waited and waited. He walked by our table at least 4 x and not once, bothered to check on how we were.  After 15 minutes, I finally got up and spoke to the manager. I explained to him what was happening and he asked me to described the server. I gave a brief description  and he stopped me by saying "Oh, that's Ryan" with a bit of bite in his tone. I guess Ryan  has had complaints before. The hostess brought our drinks and apologized again.  When it came time for the check, he actually brought it to our table, the nerve of that guy. He came back to pick up the check and to clear the table. The server dropped silverware on me as he was taking a plate off the table. Good thing I ate everything or else food would have landed on me. That was the last straw.   I signed the slip and where it says TIP, I wrote NONE. DOESNT DESERVE ONE. I have always left a tip behind and am always generous with 18-20%, but not this time. The food was good, but the service was horrible. Only good thing was the hostess. I should have tipped her since she was doing his job.This TGIF is horrendous if you sit anywhere, but the bar.  Slow service or no service every time I go eat there.  Then why do I go back?? Because my family put a gun to my head, tied me up,  and dragged me there so they can use their comps.  Ugh.  I noticed it doesn't matter which server I get.  They will seat you and sometimes it takes 10-15mins before anyone notices you didn't even get drinks or place settings. Then it takes another 15-20 mins before the server asks for your order.  Once you get your food, you better make sure you have everything you need when the server asks if you needed anything else otherwise you will not see her till she/he brings you the check.  It's like they go in the kitchen to chat or something.  The place isn't even busy during the times I've gone.  This franchise ruins TGIF's brand.They do not have any of the special 2 or 3 course menus. Not worth the drive to this location. I would go to Sahara and Decatur or inside the suncoast. Def will not be coming back to this location. Don't want anyone else to waste there time coming here. Hope this helpsI know what to expect coming in to a place like this, food wise, but I wasn't prepared for how filthy it was.  The booth we sat in, right in front by the hostess stand, was just caked with crud on the walls.  Just sitting there made me feel dirty...but we were hungry, it was late, so we stayed.  The service was absolutely the WORST I have ever experienced.  Anywhere.  Our (frumpy) waitress never refilled our drinks, I had to chase down the hostess to get another round.  We waited about 50 minutes for our food to come out, and it was typical Friday's salty nosh.  The chicken with cheese was ok, although my ankles were swollen in the morning (as usual when I eat at Friday's the night before) due to the saltiness of their food. After having to watch the degenerate gamblers and obnoxious loud fat people stroll in and out of there all night, we wanted to leave.  The waitress gave us our bill then disappeared.  I tried to flag her down, but we waited at least 15 more minutes.  We got fed up, counted out enough money to leave for the bill, and were even generous enough to leave her a $.17 cent tip.  I normally leave at least a 20% tip, even for crappy service, but crappy sevice is better than NO service.  This place needs better management...Terrible service. Went on Super Bowl night and after being seated we waited for 15 minutes without  even one server coming to our table to greet us much less take our order. We saw 5 servers watching the game instead of doing their job so we left. On the way out we spoke to the  hostess about the problem. She apologized, but they need to do a better job.Just terrible. Sat down and didn't see a server for 10 minutes. Took our orders and had to track her down afterwards.The salad was HORRIBLE and was so limp, i couldn't pierce it with my fork.After asking and being informed that they had one large hopper of lettuce, she even asked if i wanted another salad. HELLO!!!!! It's the same lettuce!!!!!! Just bad bad bad all around.Absolutely terrible food. Paying a dinner price for lunch leftovers is anathema to my wife and me. The wait staff are superb, and very nice. The Orleans has other places to eat on site, so avoid this one at all cost.Horrible ribs, horrible service, I will never come back here again. I am speaking this as a person who used to work as a waiter back in my college days. At first, we ordered bbq baby back ribs and food was overcooked and dry. Waiter's name was Dean and he was clumsy, nearly dropped the food at my friend. Well, s*** happens. I used to be a waiter for a sushi restaurant and I've had my bad days. So we were compensated by getting different entree. By the time we got our food, we lost our appetite but still finished the shrimp pasta. We asked for our check to pay the bill. It took him 20 minutes to close our tab because he couldn't get his priorities straight. I recall having bad, clumsy days, such as putting entrees one over the other and end up squashing the bottom entree, spilling drinks, but I've never kept my patrons waiting. I would close out the tabs and let the patrons go so that new customers can come and take the seats. I would never come here again. Rather go to oyster bar next door or drive outside since there are so many restaurants. I've had enough patience and tolerance with this place since I used to be a waiter myself.decided to go out for a late night dinner and ended up at tgi Fridays in the Orleans. Our server's name was Julie...I think. Gave us the WORST service ever. Looked like she was in hurry because she dropped off our and check at the same time. Like expected us to just eat and leave. So we tipped her the minimum of 15% because of her lack of service.I went from saying "Thank god it's Friday" to saying "this is the worst diarrhea I've ever had" on Saturday.This is the worst fridays. I have given them chance after chance and they always get my orders wrong and the quality is severely lacking. Dont eat here-Waited for a table for 15 minutes, the restaurant wasn't busy at all.-Waited 15 minutes for our server to greet us & take our drink order, again there was 6 tables occupied.-Server was the SLOWEST I've ever had!-Waited about 30 minutes to order our food!

The worst part is the owner stick his head out the kitchen and looked at me and my mom because were regular customer there and just kind a looked at us and did not even come to our table to apologize!  Our l waiter came to our table and ask was something wrong with your food he did not even know something was wrong but what was wrong with your food really you don't even know it was a baby cockroach in my Pho!! Trust me I will not want to free food from them anyway but didn't even call our meal it was a shrimp Pho from my mom and vegetable Pho  me and two spring rolls.  they did pick out the vegetable soup that I ate had the baby cockroach!!Thank you very much Saigon Kitchen for treating a regular customer this way!!!I will never come back here again!!! Our family used to love coming here for Pho but tonight in my vegetable Pho there was a baby cockroach!! What the heck!! And all they said was sorry!! Clean your kitchen and inspect your kitchen!!!

DO NOT do business with this company, they can not be trusted.  No integrity.

Amber is a hot mess.  I thought it was just because she was having a hard day that she was 30min behind schedule (we had an appointment).  She had sweat pouring down her face and was busting out of her shirt.  (Gross, but I am generally nice so I ignored it.)  Then during portrait session she seemed pretty clueless.  My child usually smiles for everyone, but not for Amber.  Finally, after she made us pause in the middle of the session for 10min to do who knows what,  I changed things around in there a bit and got my child comfortable enough to do a couple okay pictures.  We placed our order and we were on our way. Well, 3 weeks later and nobody bothered to call or email as promised to let us know when the pictures were ready for pick up so I went in person just as the store opened. Amber was there again.  She was frantic and complaining about her printer and her day has only just begun.  I hadn't even said a word to her and she was crazy.  Whatever.  Then she pulls out our pictures- puts finger prints all over them, btw- and we start talking about the extras which they apparently print to try and up sell the pkg.  I asked a couple questions and she immediately turned vicious.  She accused me of wanting the extras for free just because I was asking questions.  Then she accused me of being the rude one simply because I had to answer no to her accusation 3x.  I generally don't get annoyed very easily, but there was no professionalism whatsoever. I'm not used to people turning ugly to me just for asking questions.  So I asked for their customer service number so they could answer the questions she refused to. She got even more rude and didn't seem too happy to give it to me.   She did a snide curtsy to remind me of her name, and as I turned to exit, she mocked me to the other patrons.  I've never been treated so poorly before, especially unprovoked and in front of my child.  Clearly Amber is the kind of class act whom I for one never want to see again. Not that I planned to go back anyway since the session was sub par to begin with.On the bright side, she did give me the actual, correct customer service number (I called them while in the store bc I honestly thought she was lying). And if you ever have any problems I can assure you that their customer service staff are excellent, knowledgeable, and more than kind in answering questions or concerns.If you go, then I would request someone else to do the session.  And I still love the store in general and the other departments have always proven to be fantastic. This review is only directed towards Amber.The portrait studio is always hours behind. They schedule sessions only 10 minutes apart. The staff is pleasant and nice even though they are under staffed and always dealing with people who are frustrated from waiting too long. I would give the girls that work there 4 stars and the management 0 stars.Christmas shopping at this location over the past couple weeks and wow has customer service here gone downhill quick. I've spend hundreds here over the past few weeks. I'll break down my two recent experiences. First attempted to go to the salon and get a haircut. Simple enough and something I have done here many times. I arrive up to the counter to check in. There were two customers getting haircuts and approximately 3 stylists standing around talking not really doing anything. Barely got any kind of acknowledgement or even a hello. Advised I'd like to get a haircut. They all had a look on their face that it would be a bother to try to cut my hair (especially the lady with purple/pink hairdo she is downright rude). Every one of the stylists with me standing right there all start going back and forth with each other making excuses why they shouldn't have to help me. "I can't do it have her do it." Well I'm not going to do it have this person do it" and so on you get the idea. Makes you feel welcomed wouldn't it? Finally I just say forgot and sorry to bother everyone. The visit after this I was buying nearly $300 worth of jewelry. Long story short they were dishonest and sold a ring I was supposed to pickup that I had on hold for 2 days. Then tried to tell me the display case one was the same one same size and I believed it and bought it. Soon realized the damn ring is two sizes smaller than the one I reserved for pickup. They were completely dishonest and didn't honor their word and resold the ring. In fact the day I show up to pick up the ring nobody has any clue what I'm talking about. This was after waiting to be helped a jewelry counter for 30 minutes to be assisted. They had ONE person to work jewelry in the middle of Christmas shopping season. She did the best she could but helped people that were there after me which was frustrating.This is a Review strictly for Sephora. I always shop at Town Square Sephora or the ones on the strip but I received a gift-card that could only be used at this location. I called in advance one day asking to come in and get my makeup done. (If you spend $50 they do your makeup at Sephora.) They said they couldn't because there was only two of them in the store. uh ok? So I called a Saturday and they said they couldn't because "they were hosting an event". I decided to go in anyways because I need foundation. Upon arrival I saw two cashiers talking to a woman at the checkout. Neither greeted me. After wandering aimlessly around the store & not receiving any help I made my way to the cashier she asked "are you ready?" again without greeting me or asking if I found everything ok I asked her for help and asked if The Sephora line made a lipliner. She walked me over to the section and said "uhh I guess we don't have it in this fixture." & she did not suggest a different line like most good sales associates would do. They are not friendly and they are not knowledgeable of the products. Then when we went back to check out she forgot to mention I had points and could get a free gift. I had to remind her. Also no one told me anything having to do with their "so called event." I will never return here, I'll stick with the more professional Sephoras.If i could give less than 1 star I would. Just went to pick some new clothes up for my kids after our online order got cancelled and we were not notified. At the register we encountered the most rude, miserable, unprofessional person i have ever seen. Im assuming she was a supervisor and she was hispanic. She treated us as if we were not paying customers and as if we were beneath her. She not only treated us this way but the remaining customers in line this way. SHE SHOULD BE FIRED! I will never visit this jcpenny again and I would advise them to remove that miserable person from interacting with any customers. WILL NOT BE RETURNING TO THIS LOCATION!Some of us, oh, maybe 50%, wear bras.  Sometimes they need to be replaced.  Easy if you want to buy what you've always bought.  Not so easy if you want a change.  I wanted a change, and I'd read about a brand that was supposed to be superb.  Problem was that few stores, high end or low, carried that brand.  J.C. Penney was one of those stores.  It said so on their website, which displayed so many different styles of that brand.Old J.C. was never one of my favorite places to shop.  But I had to bite the bullet and go, first on July 4th, when some website that listed open stores on the holiday said they were open.  Ha!  Long drive for nothing.  So I went back yesterday.Department stores in general are in trouble.  And Penney's in particular.  Lotsa trouble.  After my experience, I can see why. I drove back to the store, went to the right department, and searched high and low for that brand.  I came up empty, so I went looking for a sales clerk.  I walked the whole store, finding not a single salesperson in any department.  Disgraceful.  Finally, I spied one in the very corner of the store, folding shirts.  And that's when I learned that these bras are not in the store, only online.I don't know about you, but I find it very difficult to try on bras in the tiny fitting room on my PC screen.  So I can order them online, right?  I have no idea how these bras fit.  I would have to pay shipping, but I can save money on that by driving to the store AGAIN to pick them up.  And then if they're not good, I can drive back again to return them, probably eating the cost of the shipping, or return them by mail, with me paying the return postage as well.Retail is going to hell, and if my experience at J.C. Penney, is any indication, I'll be throwing the first shovelful of dirt.Small facility, very stuffy. They offer lil kickers but they hardly have any classes and to be honest the location is a bit shady. The field is surrounded mainly by boards unlike all glass in another facility close by, so it makes it not very easy to watch the kids. I also played in one pickup game, and for supposedly a new field, the turf is not laid down even causing players to trip. Person working there didn't seem too interested in answering questions. All in all, I will be sticking to the other facilities in town.BRIDES BEWARE! I can't comment on the actual quality of the salon or the services this place offers as I never made it in the door. I did, however, want to let everybody know what happened to me for my engagement shoot/engagement party. I booked an appointment for hair and makeup a week in advance as a previous salon had canceled on me. The receptionist made both appointments for me and I was excited. I then get a call late Thursday afternoon ( just 24 hours away from my event) telling me that the make up guy "would be too tired to come in Saturday morning at 9:00 AM as he is working the night before." Then I asked what the backup plan was and he told me that "the other make up artist is no longer with them." I then asked how he expected me to find another place to go with such short notice and he suggested Tease and Mosaic salons right around that area. He didn't offer to call around for me or find anybody to help. I called both the places he suggested and nobody had any appointments available. This salon knew it was my engagement photo shoot and party upfront and understood the importance of this day. I sure won't be booking my wedding appointments here and I certainly wouldn't advise any brides to trust this place for the most important day of your life.I paid $300 for a dye by Ruben's assistant and although it was expensive, I left the salon happy. Afterall, the salon had great reviews and I felt I was in good hands.After the first wash, I was devastated when my beautiful dye job turned in to a horrific 2-tone. GROSS!I rushed back to the salon only to be told that they didn't have time to fix me and that the work was not guaranteed.Not guaranteed?!!! WOW!I wish I would have saved my receipt - one call to a lawyer would have fixed this!I would not recommend this salon to anyone.I paid 125.00 to get my hair dyed. Well I went to get a blow out today at another salon. She told me she thought I had dyed my hair myself because there were pieces in the back that were just plain missed. This really upsets me as 125.00 was a lot to pay and now I find out it was not even throughout? I will not be going back to this salon as I feel really ripped off.As of today, this store is showing all the symptoms of a store that is going to close in the near future. They've taken out the self-serve checkout lanes. On a Thursday night, they had two checkers, and lines of people wasting their time waiting to buy groceries. I've used this store many times over the past several years, and I often go here to avoid the zoo at Walmart. When I asked the management and the cashier if this is the way was going to be, with people having to wait in line for a long time, and the lack of customer service, his answer was that they were cutting back. I was not the only unhappy customer in line. I will not use the store again. Unless they change their customer service practice, I predict the store will be closed within the next 6 to 12 months. Don't waste your time at this place. Spread the word.Even though this store is nearest to me I'll drive miles to shop elsewhere. Outrageous prices and poor customer service is not a good combination. There are a couple good employees there but that doesn't make up for the rest.I am NOT coming back to this place; mainly because they don't let the dogs play with each other, and it doesn't seem that they let the dogs out of their improvised pens.  They say they play with the dogs, and they walk them twice a day in their back alley way, but who knows.  I didn't see any village, dog house, potty area, or play yard.

Unless I need to visit THE APPLE STORE, I'm staying away.For the most part, the center is a collection of OVER PRICED restaurants and clubs.

A wad of extra oily mushrooms and spinach and onion was topped with a 1/2" thick hard cooked egg "omelet" Are you serious?Three people $70What a jokeI was super excited about this place! As soon as we walked in, I really started getting hungry because the place smells so good. After being seated,  not one person on the staff acknowledged us at all.  After waiting over 15 minutes,  we got up and left. We left before we could even taste the water! Seemed like it would have been a great place, to bad it's wait staff has a terrible attitude and/or poor leadership.Same as all desert appliance, a 1 1/2 star company.  Blahhhh.  This is the review I left on the other This company was sent out by my home warranty to repair my dryer which was not heating due to a bad thermostat.  Well, the gem of a tech (Mark), caused a fire in my dryer, and then told me I couldn't use it and he'd get all info to the warranty so they would replace or pay us out for the dryer.  Just a nice guy, and then stabbed us in the back.  Warranty calls and says they won't cover it because the tech said we caused a fire in our dryer because of lint.  BS since we clean our vent out every year, and I was there when HE in fact caused the fire.  Be very very careful, ask your warranty to send someone else!Can I give less than 1 star?  That is way too high of a rating for this place. My dog had surgery in early December for a dislocated hip. It was a nightmare trying to get in to see the vet for a follow up. The vet they scheduled me with was not the vet that did the surgery and he knew nothing about orthopedic surgery/recovery. The front office staff was rude and very put off by me asking to schedule an appt with Dr. Gilson, the actual vet that did the surgery. I waited 3 weeks to get an appt. They called to cancel twice. I finally got in to see him in late January. 2 months after surgery!  I basically had no after surgery care instructions for 2 months!  Further treatment was needed, and I was told to make a 2 week follow up appt. Here we go again!  When I showed up for my 2 week follow up, they informed me that the vet was no longer with the practice. Thanks for the phone call before I took the day off work. Not sure if Dr. Gilson had anything to do with my horrible experiences, but my take is that the practice is a disaster and I would not trust them to care for my laundry, let alone my pet. Each time I was there, the previous front office person had left and someone new was there. It was like a revolving door. Each more rude than the last. Every interaction I had with Dr. Gilson was positive, so my guess is that he is better off without them. I hope he opens his own practice. Please be aware before you take your pet here!Walked into this so called hospital with my dog a bloody mess from being attacked by another dog.  They immediately brought us back to be checked by a vet tech who said that he looks worse than he actually is and proceeded to put us in a room telling us that the doctor would be right with us. We were shaken up and I found myself annoyed by the talking and giggling of the staff outside the door. Our dog was fading and collapsed on the floor and we asked for a blanket. She gave us one.  After waiting quite a while, my husband and we went to the front desk and asked how much longer it will be and she said your dog is stable and that there were at least four emergencies ahead of us. We scooped up our dog and put him back in the car to take him to VetMed which is 10 mins away. When we got to VetMed, they took him right away to the back and gave him pain meds.  They got him shaved and found at least 30 puncture wounds, a broken foot, broken tooth and he was in shock.  They saved his life. Especially since he is a 15 year old dog. I would encourage this place to take a better look at its practices in its treatment of dogs and their owners.It all started with my 14 year old pup needing a so called emergency surgery to fix A hernia and his bladder. I was told by Dr. Lenney that if the surgery was not done Buddy (my dog) had 30 days or less to live before his bladder ruptured and killed him within a 48 hour. Before this Buddy was happy and still doing everything he was supposed to do during his daily function. When we asked Dr. Lenney about whether or not this was safe for Buddy he said yes. I made it very clear that I did not want this to be the end for him. I would much rather put him down at home in a place he's comfortable, happy and loved. I was kind of in a no-win situation. If I did nothing his bladder could rupture or I could do the surgery in hopes to save his life. My husband was told that he was healthy, that there was no difference between his blood and a two-year-old pup. One of the biggest concerns that we had was Buddy did have a heart murmur so he would have to be highly supervised under Anastasia. Dr. Lenny once again reassured me that he felt very comfortable doing the surgery and that if anything went wrong he would stop the surgery. I trusted him and did the surgery. It ended up being a very complicated surgery. However, Buddy made it through. Buddy was discharged within 24hours. He did not look good but just like us, I just figured he needs time to heal. I was just happy Buddy made it through a surgery. Within 12 hours of having him home I noticed that he was unable to urinate. I called the vet. They told me to bring him in. Dr. Lenney was concerned he was having a hard time with his bladder. I had my husband bring him that day. When he got there he tried to talk Dr Sender about Buddy and the bill I had already paid. $4800. I was charged for meds Buddy did not receive and an extra night in the hospital he did not stay. I was told when agreeing to do the surgery there could be a chance that I would not be charged the full $4800. Upon picking Buddy up I asked if it was the full $4800 and they said yes. Assuming they were trustworthy, I paid the full $4800 not realizing I was charged for things Buddy did not receive. So my husband had questions. My husband made the comment " I just paid you $4800 yesterday" to Dr. Sender. He told my husband (rudely) that we did not pay HIM anything. In my eyes this hospital should be working together as a team. It should not matter who we paid. The money went into a hospital to care for Buddy. Dr Sender then proceeded to say that I insisted that Buddy be released. That Dr. Lenney wanted to keep him. Implying that my dogs new medical emergency was my fault. THIS WAS NOT THE CASE!! I explained to Dr Lenney that once Buddy was safe to come home, I wanted him home. We had originally talked about boarding him after the surgery because we had a family vacation planned. However, I decided I could not leave him so I canceled my vacation to be available for Buddy. Dr Sender was so rude and had no compassion for a family that was grieving the pain that Buddy was going through. That day Buddy was admitted. Dr. Lenny ended up having to put a catheter straight into his bladder. When Dr. Lenny called me about Buddy I was very upset. I was scared for my dogs safety and felt that I had made a horrible decision. I explained to Dr. Lenny that I was so hurt by Dr Sender's lack of compassion for a family that was clearly upset. Dr Lenney said Buddy was ok and explained that in no way was this MY FAULT. That he would have never released Buddy if he felt it was not ok and that Dr. Sender should have never made me feel that way. Buddy ended up staying 3 more days in the hospital. Another $1200. When I took buddy home he looked amazing. Do to this catheter he had put into his bladder, I had to drain his bladder every 4hours. I was fully prepared to love and care for him. At no point did Dr Lenney give me the impression that anything was wrong. Day 3 home Buddy had a seizure. Once again taking him to the hospital. When we got to the hospital he had another seizure. So bad he was turning blue and needed oxygen. I met Dr. Hyatt at this point. I was told that he either had a brain tumor, stroke, or kidney problems. I was given the option to place him in the hospital again for more testing. I was told Dr Lenny was not happy with his progress and that it would be OK if I let him go. The seizures could've compromised his surgery and at this point it's only a matter of time before his seizures take over. I asked to talk to Dr Lenney. I was told that she did not know if he was there. However, the girls at the front desk said that he was with Buddy at that very moment. Very hurtful and someone was lying. He never came in the room that night. I believed in him, his guidance and was let down. I decided to finally say no more. I tried to help my special friend but it was TO MUCH on him. I laid him to rest. 7 days of PAIN for Buddy and our family. I feel I was mislead, cheated, no compassion, and without MY FRIEND!I would like to add to the comments my of my wife,(Heidi S. In other review) in hopes I can prevent one person from having to go through what we went through. I have actually never written a negative review in my life but After going through all of this I feel obligated to do so. I am 100% confident that this hospital did what  was best for their pocket book and not for my dog. Before making the decision to do the initial surgery I did a lot of research about this type of surgery and based on that I felt it was very risky for my 14 year old dog and there would be a high chance of issues either during or after surgery. I felt doing the surgery may not be the best idea, but I spoke to the doctor on my own personally after he convinced my wife it was a good idea. I shared my research and concerns and said I wanted his honest opinion. He convinced me by saying my dog was extremely healthy and he felt very confident he would come out with no issues because of the different way he does the surgery that increases the success rate. I fully understand there are no guarantees with this sort of thing but now I know my initial research was correct. I was initially nervous when they released my dog after one day to only bring him home and determine he could not urinate (I felt that was an important thing to make sure he could do after a bladder surgery). When I returned with him the day after surgery, I was immediately given another estimate for what they wanted to do to see what was going on. I was immediately frustrated that this was the very first conversation they had with me, not what they thought may be going on or asking for more details on his current symptoms. I had already been over charged on the $4,800 bill my wife paid  the day prior (that I had just determined when she brought home the original bill the day prior) The worst of all this was the comment by the final doctor when she told my wife it may be time to let him go. She made the comment that he is already at the end of his life expectancy . This is the exact question I had originally asked before doing the first surgery "Does it make sense to do such an extreme surgery On a dog that is already at the top range of life expectancy" and was convinced it did.  Also, Dr, Lenney who was the one we went through this whole horrible experience with, and knew what we were going through was no where to be found that final day (although we were told he was there) and we have yet to hear a word from him. Making it more clear that he got what he wanted and has moved on to the next. I wish today, I would have gone with my original plan of spending a week of giving him all his favorite things, loving him, saying goodbye and being at terms with it. Instead I didn't get to see him before he was put down and my kids last imagine of him is having a dramatic seizure that terrified them. I have no doubt in my mind that they knew the right thing from my first phone call but chose to get upwards of $7k instead of doing the right thing and in results made this the most traumatizing experience for my entire family, and let my dogs last day be that of extreme suffering and fear. My suggestion to anyone reading this is to know this place will put money before your pets well being and extract as much as they can. To the team at Phoenix veterinary, please do not post the scripted/generic response you posted to every other poor review listed here. If you cared you would have been there on that last day or called after. Caring after a poor review is even more insulting.Terrible place!  I took my sick, 12 week old puppy to them at around 9 pm on a Thursday. She had a fever, and was vomiting - would not eat. Vet examined her and told me she had all the signs of DISTEMPER - a very serious, highly contagious disease - but the test results would take almost a week. I was freaked out! I had them board her overnight. The next morning I went back, and she had perked up a bit, probably due to the IV drip she was getting. I took her home with some antibiotics and more IV fluids. They reiterated their distemper theory, and gave me literature about the disease.. Cost about 1500.00. The puppy relapsed later that day. She was so sick she could hardly lift her head. She wouldn't eat, and was dry heaving. My son checked out her poop, and it was filled with writhing WORMS. That's right - worms - which can be treated easily with over-the-counter meds that cost about 15 dollars. They never mentioned worms, apparently never checked for them during her overnight stay - just stuck with their distemper theory, although distemper is extremely rare, and worms are much more common.They had ALL NIGHT to run whatever tests they wanted, but didn't bother. The roughly $100.00 per hour I was charged didn't include a simple test for worms. Complete incompetence. My pup would have died if my son hadn't spotted what these clueless, overrated "experts" missed.. They don't deserve a single star.Bread is hard because they leave it out. Little expensive for a sandwich that is smaller than at subway. Taste is good but bread the last 2 times is hard. So that takes away the good taste.Went there this afternoon after a long day, they over charged us by $9 ($29 for 1 regular and 2 kids) and wouldn't give us our money back or our receipt. Staff was not friendly and did a poor job with communicating with each other. Will go to port of subs or somewhere else next time.Ordered 2 things and I received two of the wrong thing and it took almost an hour...

Honestly if the service at a place like this continues to be this bad, you're better off going to dickies BBQ further on down Shea.

It was ready within a day or two.  I picked it up, peeked in the box to make sure it was right color...I was excited!  I got home and got into my car and pulled the mat out of the box and noticed immediately the poor quality of the stitching.  See photos.  I put it on my dash anyway...there were no cut outs for the speakers!  So back in the box it went.  I just brought it back to return it...same woman.  I said I need to return it because there's no cut outs as well as poor stitching.  She said 'no, I told you it was a special order and not returnable'. She said 'it's red! What are supposed to do with a red one?'  Ummm, not my problem.

I ask how much the labor per hour is and they say $95.00 and I said it shouldn't have taken an hour or so correct and they said yes that's correct a little over an hour. So I asked how much were the parts

Most of us were willing to roll with it and see if they would really do that. But some said its not worth it.

I am a die hard Michael Jackson fan. So when this show was announced, I could hardly contain myself. Keep in mind, this review is coming from a girl who got a Michael Jackson tattoo the day I turned 18.I hadn't seen any Las Vegas shows and thought it was perfect for this to be my first one.

Unfortunately I didn't find the quality of food acceptable...

life. It tasted like microwave american mexican food.You know it had "that flavor"

OK there's a TON of summing up here and crucial details I have left out of here (but NOT in my letter to the NEVADA MEDICAL BOARD), but bottom line here is RUDE UNPROFESSIONAL NURSES who must hate their job but show up anyways, an ER doctor that doesn't care about his patient's well being AT ALL he just wants to shut you up for the time being and push you through the ER like cattle never diagnosing anything, and ADMINISTERING the WRONG MEDICATIONS!!This is the worse hospital EVER!!!!!!! There is no proper communication between doctors or doctors and patients. I had to stop  the nurses from taking blood pressure in my dads left arm?!?!? I had to stop a procedure that was already done. I had to correct many staff members for incorrect information. And when my dad died ..... Yes died. from them putting a fibulator in him without knowing everything about his heart in the first place and because they didn't do all the testing first my dad got shocked 37 times!!!!!!!   That's right 37 times!!!!! They said they've only seen it go off once or twice!!!!!! It went off 37 times because there was a blood flow problem in his heart. Shouldn't they know this before they do anything????????They couldn't even get the information right on my dads paperwork wrong address, wrong phone number. This place is a serious joke. If your loved one has been suffering for a long time and you wish him/her to pass on quickly take them to this hospital they will have them dead in no time. ....If your loved one is in need of help from some loving caring organized people? STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!!!!! It sucks I have to give a star to send review.....I'm going to start with saying WOW.  I really wish I could give this place 0 stas but I was happy with SOME of the staff everything else deserves 0 stars.  We will start with the fact that my Grandma was on the ER for close to 30 hours and rarely got help from the nurses.  My mom had to help her up to use the restroom every single time. They would ring the call button and it would take 40 plus minutes to get a nurse in the room by then she was always too late for whatever she needed.  At one point blood was taken twice in an hour period and the nurses didn't realize that had happened until my Grandma who is having heart issues and internal bleeding told them.  She arrived at the hospital  around 11 am monday and around 4 pm Tuesday they finally did the first procedure to find the bleeding which came up inconclusive and she hadn't eaten since Sunday evening.  After that there was finally  a room  available for her.  So 29 hours later she finally had a room, that is absurd.  We get up to the room and my mom asks if she should stay the night because my Grandma needs assistance for restroom.  The nurse actually says "If you could that would be great we are busy and funny thing is we don't have a CNA on duty to help us."  That is not a funny thing at all.  They are grossly understaffed and not providing the level of care patients deserve.  I will never take anyone I care for to this hospital and no one else should.The good:Nice location, front staff was nice, clean environment and the overall nurses and X-Ray technicians were professional.The bad:I came here on June 20th in extreme pain. I came under the advice of my gastroenterologist who stated that it was imperative that I go to the ER primarily because of the size of the gallstone I had. My main concern was that the previous week after a routine ultrasound, I had a very large gallstone. I expressed my concern and wondered if my stone could be somehow getting worse. I was already scheduled to see my surgeon at another facility but not until the 30th. After running another ultrasound, CT Scan (which was NOT needed) and blood work, the attending doctor told me to go home and take a laxative and that my gallstone "wasn't that bad". I suffered for 10 more days until I finally saw my surgeon who was livid that St.Rose didn't just pick up the phone and call him during my visit so that I could have emergency surgery. I'll never come here again. The lack of compassion these people have I really have no words for. This hospital is fairly close to my home but I would rather drive the additional 25 minutes to go somewhere better.This places a joke. 5 hrs waiting. Staff doesn't give a care.  No one knows what is going on.  2 freaking  drs in the er on a night the wanna be practitioner says a notoriously busy. A lie or Pisa poor management.Filthy!! I'm curious why they remodeled the ER to look even worse than it did before. There were stains and trash all over the waiting room floor, the bathrooms were worse than a gas station. Filthy toilets, splatter on the floor, trash over flowing with trash and stained wipes from urine samples. Back in the actual ER area there was dried blood and trash on the floor. The seat they put me in had dried up spots of God knows what on it. The nurse that attended to me opened all of the sterile necessities to start my IV and sat them on a dirty chair that also had dried up weird spots. I had to ask her to get a sterile tray and new supplies, which she did very unhappily. She spilled my blood on me and on the tray then used the same tray without cleaning it to IV another patient. I watched another nurse put equipment in her mouth while letting a sterile IV hang over and into an open trash can. There were gloves on the floor that I saw picked up and shoved back into a box containing other gloves. Not once in the 4 hours I was there watching patients come and go, did I see anyone clean or wipe anything between patients. I was in shock! This place literally needs to clean their act up! As far as the treatment I received from my attending physician, I was very satisfied. He was very informative and had a nice bedside manner. Based on the cleanliness alone, I would NOT recommend or return to this ER. For those who think I may be a chronic complainer... This is literally my first yelp complaint post EVER.Jesus Christ this is the worst hospital I have ever been to in my life. No sense of urgency, the nurses and staff are super dismissive.They know nothing of where the doctors are and I even asked another nurse for water and she said "I'll have to check with your nurse" I get it if I was going to go into surgery, but lady, can you check on it ASAP? I waited at least 40 minutes and still had to remind her and she said my nurse was occupied so she wasn't able to get me water. THE WORST. After waiting 2 1/2 hours in the hospital room with bedsheets drenched in my blood, I walk out of the room and ask ANY nurse I find, how long until I see a doctor or maybe if one of the nurses can help me out. The nurse (short brown hair, eyeglasses) says "We only have one doctor on shift until 7am. I don't know when he will be seeing you, he is busy with another patient. We aren't allowed to touch the patients, I'm sorry. But, I can get you some new sheets". Unbelievable. I received the new sheets, cleaned myself up as best as I could and walked out of the hospital room. I asked the lady in the front if I would still be billed, even though I wasn't seen by the doctor. She replied "no? You shouldn't be." -- another employee overheard the conversation and stated, "Yes, because we took your vitals unfortunately you will still be billed even though you didn't see a doctor"Does anyone in this "emergency center" know what's going on? Anyway, I got billed.Thank you St. Rose for this unbelievable health care experience that you show your patients. I'm grateful I wasn't on the verge of death or else I would have been dead. ++ Don't even wanna hear about the wait times. Do not go to this hospital even if you have a minor injury, you're better off googling it or asking others for damn home remedies.This review is for the L&D department. If you are pregnant and need to be induced, do not allow your doctor to schedule you at this hospital. Apparently they can bump you if they want to, possibly as many times as they would like until they decide you're finally important enough. I have been scheduled for weeks due to having a high risk pregnancy, which, obviously, means my baby is at risk. I was scheduled to start the process at 7:30pm (which is a ridiculously inconvenient time anyway that I did not agree with, however that's what they scheduled me for anyway). At 5:30, I got a call telling me that they have "conflicts" at that time and that I will get a call "sometime before 9pm" to figure out when to reschedule me "because according to your chart, we really need to get you scheduled". It's not even 7 yet, how do you know you're going to have conflicts at this time? Anyway, moving on. This doesn't mean I will be rescheduled for a time before 9pm, this just means that they want me to wait by the phone and keep my family waiting (some of my family took off work for this date btw since its been SET FOR WEEKS) for them to call me to pick a new time (which at this point I'm sure they're going to give me another call before THAT time to keep putting me off until, you know, there's serious damage to my child). When I very angrily asked if this meant I would be rescheduled for some asshole time frame since they want it done tonight, for example 2am, the person on the phone seemed to find that amusing and reassured me "oh no it wouldn't be THAT late", but couldn't tell me a time it might be. After this fiasco, it wouldn't surprise me if that time was 1:30am (well it's not 2am hyuck hyuck folks). And apparently even if I go in, they will refuse to take me unless I go into active labor and then they will be FORCED to take me. That's FANTASTIC since if I was GOING to go into active labor on my own, I WOULDN'T NEED TO BE INDUCED WOULD I. I don't even know if it's their policy or my doctor's policy because when we called my actual doctor to complain, we got her answering service (who seemed to think she wasn't aware of what was going on) and apparently I wasn't important enough for her to call back because her nurse did and told us it was the hospital's fault because of their policy. So quite possibly this was decided behind my doctor's back.My son and his fiancé were sent to Siena because she is 28 weeks pregnant and has not held anything down for a few days. I was shocked at the way she was treated. She was there in Dec. for the same reason, and was treated poorly then, too. As soon as staff/doc found out she is using a midwife, she was mistreated and had horrible things said to her. She was told they were going to hurry and get her out because she is "anti-hospital and anti-Doctor (what?!?). The DOCTOR even came in and told her that because she is using a midwife she is putting her own comfort above the baby's health and safety. They gave her IV fluids, Zofran by mouth (that she threw up), and sent her home.We are now at Centennial Hills Hospital, where the doc and nurses have been respectful of her decision, nice to her, and ensuring her comfort. They are keeping her overnight and said they will not let her go until they are SURE she is better.Her first child was delivered at Siena, as were some of my other grandchildren. There were no concerns then, which is why I am shocked.I read through comments here and see that this isn't the only time a mom who chooses a midwife has been treated so poorly.Worst hospital basically based out of the waiting room you will never get a bed even if your dying the staff is crass and do not care. I don't recommend this hospitslI'm nearly 20 weeks pregnant. I went in for pain in my lower back and abdomen. I sat in the ER for almost 5.5 hours and never once saw a Dr. They didn't try to give me anything to help with my discomfort and told me there was nothing wrong. I went to my OBGYN today. Turns out there was something wrong. Maybe if this hospital paid a little more attention they would catch a potential seriously problem. Thank goodness I listened to the feeling in my gut and insisted that I see my actual Dr. today. It makes me second guess delivering at this hospital.The pediatric ER is wonderful and very caring but their billing practices are unfair and excessive for a bead removal from my child's nose (urgent care wouldn't see him bc of his age) the total charge was over $2000 and billed as a moderately difficult case taking 90min+ I was only there for 15 min total and I help hold my child so the bead could be removedThis is the worst ER I've ever been to. The staff are very unorganized. So many people waiting in the waiting room irritated by the lack of help. Staffs are rude when questions are being asked! People are sick and are in pain they don't need to be disrespected by the staff. 3 hrs later we are still waiting....Worst experience EVER!!!! I always rant and rave about what a great hospital this is and cannot believe the new ER room and it's awful staff. At least on 2-17-2016... They are supposed to have 100 new beds and there were only maybe 20 people there in the new and improved waiting room but we waited twice as long only because I had to get up and say something or we would have stayed for days. The staff were cleaning their phones and laughing while some poor lady was screaming and crying and then was basically told to shut up. Keep in mind the ER was a ghost town at this time. People were discharged without medication and the staff didn't even know who was given what. Hopefully they figure it out because this is normally a great place. Do not waste your time. The staff is cocky and only pretend to be helpful once you threaten to speak to a supervisor.Over the last two years I have had nothing but horrible experiences with this hospital! It really has gone downhill ever since dignity health bought the hospital. The most recent started this weekend when I went to the ER Saturday night with Kidney stones. They got me in right away and gave me IV meds for the pain, but the nurse forgot to give me any IV fluids. After an hour and a half with no fluids I was extremely dehydrated from the meds and the vomiting. It wasn't until I had to actually ask the nurse for an IV bag that she said " oh sorry I forgot about that", that I actually received some. Then the doctor came in and told me the stone was too large to pass and that I would need surgery, and sent me home. I  called the Dr they recommended on Monday and he got me in that day. Then he asked when it happened and got extremely upset because he said he was on call that night and could have come in to do the surgery then and there. At that point the soonest they could get me in was last night, Wednesday. So basically I spent 5 days in pain trying to pass a stuck kidney stone, when I actually could have had it done that first night. So I went in last night for surgery at 5:00, I didn't actually get takin in for surgery until 8:00pm. The surgery went smooth but the recovery not so much. The recovery nurse forgot to give me the dr ordered post op meds and then sent me to a different unit, at which time she cleared me from the system so the new nurse couldn't give me the meds I was supposed to get or any for that matter. Basically I sat in a room fresh off the operating table passing kidney stones every 20 min with absolutely no pain meds whatsoever. Then to top it off when they released me, I had to sit there for an 1:15 waiting for them to bring me my wallet from the safe, because the person with the key was "too busy" to get it right away. I ended up not getting any pain relief until I got home from the hospital. Thank God I still had a few leftover pain pills from the prescription they gave to me on Saturday.I won't even go into the fact that a yr and a half ago, my wife had a stroke and we rushed her to this ER, only to have them take an EGK and X-ray and tell her she was too young for a stroke. They didn't even run any type of stroke tests and sent her home. It wasn't until she actually had a second stroke 3 days later while at the neurologists office and taken in Via ambulance did they acknowledge that she "may have" had a stroke.Moral of the story is, this is all very personal info but I am sharing it so that maybe someone else can avoid the experiences and possible life or death situations that we have experienced. Next time I will make the extra drive to Southern Hills or Sunrise, unless someone is actually dying and even then I would think twice about it.I hope this review is able to save someone else the trouble that we have had.

The manager came to the table and offered a tepid apology.

As far as the next car they assigned us.... You guessed it, it also had expired registrations.  Erica's spat at us.  "Just wait your turn until someone finds a car for you."  What kind of car rental company keeps expired registration cars on its lot and tries to rent them? Answer: the same car rental company that hires and retains inconsiderate and incompetent staff like ERICA.Same as everyone else.  Rented this off carrentals.com.  Company is paying so i didn't care about saving money, but I just took the cheapest one in the results.  I didn't read closely enough, they aren't at the main rental center, so 2 shuttles to get there, then a ridiculously long line to fill out the paperwork, then another long line to exit the lot.  I'm already stressed out about the return process, I'm gonna have to budget at least a couple extra hours when leaving (I'm taking a 1 hour flight, so this doubles my travel time). Never again.Worst car rental in Vegas. No effort to wipe down after washing, water marks and dirty interior. Very, very bad customer service. Beware of agent adding coverages to contract without explaining anything.  Supervisor Damien was worst of all. Cheap but they will try to deceive you. I'll never use them ever again.Cheap prices, but it will cost you time.

Service was the slowest I had ever experienced in life

One girl went to the kitchen, came back and never gave us an answer

MIKE GARCIA IS THE GUYCutting corners on customer service!My experience at Acura of Las Vegas has been miserable, exhausting, and truly disappointing. It has truly been a living nightmare. I feel so unfortunate that I have leased my car from this dealership. Do not get me wrong, I love my new RDX and it is a great car, but the service and exchanges I have had with this dealership have been awful. Never in my life have I been treated so badly by people who work in the customer service industry.I came into this dealership in early May and was interested in leasing an RDX. After sitting there for several hours going back and forth about cutting deals, we finally settled on one. I was also eligible for their College Grad promotion that was currently going on. The car that I wanted was not in their own inventory so we had to wait for the car to be delivered from another lot (which they would not tell me where even though I asked about 30 times). After waiting for 3 hours, the car was finally delivered to me! I was extremely excited to receive my car. Problems started to happen the moment my car was ordered. The spare key to my car was left at the original lot and not delivered to me. This was an inconvenience to me because I had to return to Salt Lake City for work in a few days. My salesman, Thomas, told me not to worry and that my parents could pick the key up for me whenever it got there. The paperwork took hours and everyone who came in contact with us was extremely rude and unhelpful. They treated me and my family like we were annoyances to them, even though we just put a large $8,000 cash down payment on my new lease. I felt like everyone was talking down to us and not giving us fair respect. I immediately got a bad feeling about leasing my car through this dealership but I put it off because I was so happy about finally getting a car.Problems have only worsened since the day I got my car. Thomas, our salesman, called me and let me know that the spare key had been delivered and my parents could go pick it up at their convenience. My parents both work full-time jobs and have very busy schedules. When my parents finally went in to pick up the key, Thomas was not at work that day and no one knew where he had placed the key. This should have been communicated better within the dealership before my parents took time to go pick it up!! When my step dad asked the manager to help him, he told him he couldn't help at all. My step dad was mad about the way he was treated and things escalated quickly. My step dad told the general manager that he came all the way from Summerlin to pick up a key that Thomas said would be ready for him and the general manager replied back with "Well then just go back to where you came from!". Both of my parents are immigrants from China and took this as a racial discrimination slur. Whether it was meant as a racial slur or not, I do not believe that a manager of a dealership should ever shout rude remarks to his customer. The general manager treated my parents like shit and I was appalled when I found out what had happened. The next day, I received a very unpleasant voicemail from Ken. The voicemail said that if I did not submit my college graduate papers into them, they would be forced to take my car away from me. I was in shock that he left me a voicemail like that. The college graduate promotion just awards you $500.00, which seems like nothing compared to the $8000.00 I already put down. On top of that, I faxed in all the paper work a week before this and told my sales man that if he did not receive it, he can call or text me. I was not aware that my fax had not been delivered to Ken. This was another communication error that was between the dealership but taken out on me. I called Ken and explained him the situation, and he was not apologetic at all. I am STILL currently waiting for a call from the general manager after leaving several messages asking him to contact me. Thinking about this situation and having to continue to work with this dealership infuriates me. I have never in my life experienced a worse customer service experience or have had so many different people treat me and my family with such disrespect. If I have any advice for anyone, DO NOT GO TO THIS DEALERSHIP. Take your business elsewhere. I wish I would have driven the extra 20 minutes to go to Henderson and work with Findlay Acura. If I could I would return my car back in a heartbeat, take my money and run.I am writing with MY  experience at  Acura of Las Vegas which in my opinion was an experience that leaves me with a very bad taste in my mouth for Acura's and I am advising anyone that is thinking of buying/leasing a vehicle to go somewhere else. I needed to turn my BMW in as my lease was ending and I have never leased a car before so I was a bit green about the process but have bought 7 cars in Las Vegas alone so I have had experience with several dealerships and salesman. I was out one day and decided to stop at Acura of Las Vegas to look at these vehicles as I have always loved the look of the Acura, and wanted to compare it to the other cars I know and have owned for either myself or one of my daughters. I did go  on-line and looked at several vehicles and the "deal" they were advertising was very good and above other deals that I was deciding on.  This was my first mistake, to believe that I was going to get the advertised deal or at least close to it. I consider myself pretty good at reading people and have an idea when someone is telling me a lie or deceiving me in some way or at least I thought I did. Well.. I was so wrong! I found a pretty nice car and the salesman Phil looked at my BMW and said it was in perfect condition (and it was) and then we started discussing a price which took several hours with the old back and forth game, let me check if my manager will do that bull crap and of course it was a much higher price than what they were advertising on the website but again it was the "package" that came with this car and the fact that my car had two payments left so of course they said the price was a bit higher for the Acura. I explained to them that I was not sure how the end of the lease worked and my salesman Phil and the finance manager Louis swore up and down that the two payments were all that was due on my vehicle and they were going to pay it off and that would be that. I, however, told them I did not have my paperwork from the BMW and I would go to BMW and be sure that I would not owe any more (I didn't want any hidden issues coming back to haunt me) (ha) again they assured me that they sell cars every day and I didn't have to worry because they were Acura and I could trust them and I did and I made the deal and that was my second mistake. My third mistake was believing in what I thought was a reputable dealership and not going to someone I knew that would be honest and tell me there might be additional charges to get out of a lease and listening to my inner voice about what I have heard about car salesman in the past but again I have bought 7 cars in Nevada alone and have never had anyone flat out LIE to me and I certainly wouldn't think that anyone at a reputable dealership like Acura would tell me such a lie to sell a car. After all, I was at Acura not a used car dealership on the corner, right? Wrong! I continued to ask Louis and Phil about my lease and continued to ask them if they were sure about the charges and they continued to assure me that nothing more would be due. So, my fourth mistake was not to get in writing, and well, needless to say I received a bill in the mail from BMW for an acquisition charge that Acura assured me I would not receive and when I called them regarding it they pretty much said too bad. They knew full well that if I went to BMW and found out there would be an acquisition charge I might not have made the deal for the Acura or at least I would have been able to prepare for this additional charge or work it out in another way. I did call Acura customer service and talked to one of their reps Chris and explained the whole situation to him which pretty much got me nowhere as well. Yes, he said he was going to call the dealership but they were independently owned so not sure what they could do about it and I asked him if the Acura Dealership represents  Acura and if they stood behind their product and asked who was accountable for the deals that were made to sell their product? Why, is it okay to lie to sell a car and there is nothing the consumer can do about it but complain to their "headquarters" thinking that it might resolve the issue but does absolutely nothing?  I realized when Chris asked me what it was I wanted them to do about this because the salesman are going to try and sell me a car (pretty much in any way they can) that nothing was going to be done and he was pretty much just trying to appease me when he said he would call them and then called back called a few days later and said he spoke to the general manager Tim Donnelly which said he had been in contact with me several times over this matter and the fact is I have never spoke to this man nor has he called me regarding this issue at all.  So, there is yet another lie they told, but this was not to me but this was to Acura.. I am so upset with this dealership and wish I could go back a month ago and read the reviews on here because I would never have walked into Acura. I already hadDeceitful, Unscrupulous, & Awful Customer Service - STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS!!!

kept telling us our order would be right up.

I received a metal object in my eye. I initially went to St. Joseph's Hospital but they were unable to treat me.I then proceeded to call banner health to ensure that they had an ophthalmologist which could see me that day ...

1 glass of Luna Freakout

I wont come back to this store. Because I put 20 dollars on them discount card that they don't want to honor.No Thanks!  My husband bought one of these stamp cards that has free oil changes and other services on it, so I took my car in for an oil change at this location.  They said they would not be able to do it today because they were too slammed.  Ok fine....so I scheduled an appointment for the following day.  I arrived on time to my appointment and they guy was like "uhhh....can you come back later or tomorrow?"  Um, no....that is why I made an appointment!  He said it would be at least 2 hours before they could get to my car.  So I asked them to call nearby locations to see if they were not so busy.  He did and found one that "wasn't busy", so on my way I went.  At the Horizon Ridge location I was given an estimated "30-45 minutes wait time...maybe sooner" once I arrived.  An HOUR and 45 minutes later....my car was FINALLY done.  It didn't help that I had an antsy 2 year old with me.From over-scheduling appointments to grossly underestimating wait times...I will stick to Terrible's for future oil changes.  It seems like poor costumer service is the norm at Tire Works.....everyone in the waiting room was frustrated.This is the worst automotive store.  I purchased one of their discount sticker cards and on all three of my visits they always seem to find something else wrong with the car.  The first time they told me I need a alignment.  After they did the alignment I looked at the results there was no need and I showed the manager and all he said was "oh it wasn't that bad". The second time I went with a different car they said I need new brakes and tires.  The brakes had just recently been changed and the tires although worn did not have to be replaced immediately as he made it seem.  The third time was worst.  It was a different manager this time.  I went for a routine oil change he told me to come out and look at my car.   He showed me some things he recommended I get replaced under the hood.  I told him I did not want to take of that now and I just wanted the free oil change.  He then told me he would not do the oil change because if he did and did not fix the rest of the car he would be breaking the DOT laws and would have to have me tow the car off their property.  Sounded like a bunch of garbage to me so I called their other store on craig street and asked the person on the phone if they have ever heard of such a thing.  He said that sounded ridiculous. I ended up taking my car to their boulder hwy location no hassle all I did was dropped off my car and keys came back when they called me and that was it.  The first thing the pecos shop asks is if you have their sticker card and if you do they start racking up all these other damages on your car.  They wont even work on it.Don't trust Tire Works!!! Went in to get an oil change and they wanted to change the whole pan, $500. Went to the pep boys up the street. They got the oil changed no problem. only $40. Plus $4 for a new plug. This is not the first time I've been way over priced at tire works. They charge for stuff you don't need. Stay away.A bad joke. Took 4 and a half hours to get a set of tires. Was constantly told they will be in at any moment.Called to see if they had a particular tire in stock. Told by Javier they had 3 in stock.

But we rationalized that it's worth paying the difference for quality seafood. So, we placed our orders.When the food came out and we glimpsed the plates-immediately we were concerned. The presentation was awful and the portions small. My meal consisted of overcooked Talipia, with a small, sad pile of potatoes and coleslaw. I don't consider myself much of a cook but I can tell you that I've made far better fish and potatoes at home. My husband took one bite of his shrimp and pushed the plate away. His shrrimp, also overcooked, was completely unappealing and repulsive. We discussed the situation and both decided the last thing we wanted to do was spend roughly $70.00 on a horrible meal. We agreed that we'd had far better at Red Lobster. The price rivaled one of my favorite seafood restaurants The Chart House (where I can guarantee you, you won't be disappointed). We flagged the waiter and asked him to remove the meals from our ticket and that we'd go elsewhere for dinner. Something my husband and I had never, ever done before. The one good thing I can say, is that both the waiter (and the Manager who came by) were very apologetic and accomodating. They were the one bright spot in a truly awful experience.If you live near fresh water (San Francisco, Seattle) don't eat fish here. Everything - EVERYTHING is frozen. Sand dab, no, - scallops - no, prawns eh, no- even frying it didn't help. just don't eat fish in AZ.Veggies are goodWait staff is good

He charged us 370 dollars to replace a fan motor which seemed very high. Also when he replaced the part the fridge was making a very loud vibration noise . He asked me if I had any weatherstripping to stop the noise.You figure if you're paying that much  Money he'd fix it right the first time . Don't use this guy he'll rip u off !!!!!Mike the owner and repair man charged me double the price it should have been. I paid 365$ to fix heater on the freezer . He was rude and also obnoxious. I had horrible experience with this man and his company. Stay away.Called them and they immediately gave me attitude. Asked if they could fix our mini fridge and they said it wasn't worth their time. If they speak to customers like that they don't deserve any business.I called for a repair on our refrigerator.  Tech said he could come out and give us an estimate.  He gave me a three hour window. Two hours in, he called back but missed his call by 3 minutes. I quickly returned his call and left a message that we were still waiting for him. I tried calling several more times over the next hour and left more messages.  He did not call me back. I called one last time and cancelled. Not impressed. Apparently they have more business than they need.  I called another company and they came out immediately.Very poor professional courtesy. They did not show up for a scheduled appointment nor returned my callswill not use this company again....

Bad start.We order our drinks. I got the Barrymore "signature" cocktail that was all whiskey and not much else, and the waiter had to run to the bar twice to find out what style of beer one of their offerings was for my husband. Obviously had no clue about their beer list. Oh yeah, and my drink was delivered to me by reaching clear across the front of me-- not the end of the world but if you want to fancy yourself as a fine dining establishment you need to nail these little details.The manager came around and shook our hands which I thought odd to do before the meal. Seemed like a nice enough guy but I don't want to touch your man hands right before I eat. We started with the caesar salad and roasted artichoke which were both ok. We noticed all the tables around us had bread so we asked the passing manager if we could get some he responded, "sure I'll get you more bread.." I felt like saying "not more bread, some bread." Sorry to put you out there, buddy!Our entrees were far from spectacular. My husbands strip steak was way rarer than the medium well he had asked for and bloody as hell, and while I ordered the scallops without the oxtail stew since I don't eat red meat, I was surprised that that left me with three... THREE. Scallops. Thats an average of over $8 apiece for these sad scallops. I guess the waiter thought this was perfectly fine and offered no solution like "hey I see you're paying 26 bucks for three scallops would you like something else other than the oxtail stew?" But at this point I didn't feel like putting in an effort, so I let it go. Sides were ala carte-- mashed potatoes were yummy but runny like baby food consistency, and the asparagus was not fresh. Needless to say we did not stick around for dessert and will never go back. I rely on yelp reviews everywhere I go and I was shocked that this was so off the mark!Saturday night...45 minutes later...no food!  Poor service!Having visited The Barrymore twice previously for lunch, I was looking forward to giving it a shot for dinner. Unfortunately, bad service and below average food ensure I won't be returning for a fourth time. Our group received slow service every step of the way. Despite the restaurant being 3/4 empty, we had a long wait to be seated, receive menus, have our orders taken, receive our food and get the check. We had to ask for a drink menu and bread. We had long stretches when our server was nowhere in sight. I ordered the filet cooked medium. It was raw. Others in our group also received their food undercooked. I liked The Barrymore as a hidden gem away from the bustle of the Strip, but after this experience I won't return and will quit recommending it to others.

I did not have food here, just a drink.I ordered the blender-sized 35 oz margarita which was then filled with a few of the slurpee-like liquids of peach, mango, and lime. The drink was SO sweet, I could barely drink the thing.

Until right now....

-cocktail waitress at bar was extremely nice-good customer service

(P.S. I'm already aware that they finally decided to start vending them at Alberston's, which, you know, makes sense seeing that it is a grocery store, which is a place that people are more likely to go out of their way for than a fucking Check Cashing place. That's besides my point).Excuse me for not wanting to be forced to pay 3-5  bucks more for a piece of paper which you guys already charge too much for to begin with so I don't have to be forced to spend close to ONE HUNDRED dollars in one month on the bus rides I need to get back and forth to school every day. Just needed to let that out. It always feels slightly better to ride Las Vegas public transportation when you have an outlet to air out your frustrations about it. :)SO. RUFF.  with a million fsOh dear lord.MOAR Problems with the RTC:

Cons: slow, disorganized, limited time with actual eye doctor, seemingly focused on sales volume and turning patients.Your mileage may vary, I have definitely come to expect more from my eye doctors and their staff.My negative experience with Sharona Optical and their apparently affiliated Horizon Eye Specialists & LASIK Center has been too long and involved to recount without boring a reader to tears, but the bottom line is it's been REALLY bad for me.I would only recommend them to a prospective eye care patient if (for some awful reason) I hated them a lot, and wanted them to beat their head against a wall until it bleeds.I'm getting a headache right now just thinking about having made the mistake of doing business with them.Absolutely  hands down ..the worst place in ALL of Arizona to buy glasses or contacts . They are not even remotely concerned with your visual well being  . It's all about commission and they really have no real idea of what your insurance will cover.  But they want to sell you the moon !! Highly unorganized . Everyone is on their cell phones and it's all about commission and not for your vision well being..  once you buy your glasses or contacts .. They don't know whom you are !! SERIOUSLY !!! ????????

-I'm not sure about the America bit, seems unrelated and weirdly feels like fishing for a patriotic vote from readers.-Hopefully you have a better experience than me, if you don't, here's a roadmap of what you are in for...I've never had anyone come after me for posting my experience on here, but it won't stop with this guy, he's abusive if you get on his bad side, everyone can make up their own mind. Here's his latest message to me:"Please be ready to get attacked if you try to be unreasonable.We also do not want to serve you if you are mistaking our hospitality our weakness or an olive branch. In fact customers like you hardly matters to any business as you do not want solution but your own ego satisfaction

I contacted the owner and he refunded some of the tip and said he would replace the picture frame. I sent 2 emails and then he replied stating I was dishonest and they were not prepared for the extra items they had to move. He offered a replacement frame from their thrift store, I offered him to buy the damaged fame for the amount I paid for it. We'll see what happens.I can no longer recommend this company. If all you care about is price or moving one item, they are an option and I would have normally kept them as an alternative. Being called dishonest ended any possibility of that. It has also brought the rating to 1 star. The owner is not the nice guy I thought he was and he seems to project his failures onto his customers. He is confrontational, makes excuses and cannot help himself to lecture you when he should just apologize and move on. He keeps saying he trains his staff when something happens! Give me a break, this is not rocket science, just fire people and get others who actually care about the customers and their property.The owner has responded below and as usual he is making excuses and trying to be right all the time. He still owes me for a damaged frame he said he would cover. There are lies in his response. This could have been so easily resolved had he exercised poise and true concern for a repeat customer. The other 1 star review is right on the money. Stay away from this company if you value your property and want a pleasant moving experience.We used this company to move over two months ago.  The reason I chose them is because of their great yelp reviews and seemingly reasonable price.  On moving day, 2 guys (JR and Chirs) and a u-haul truck showed up.  JR stayed in the truck packing it like tetras and Chris slowly wrapped the furniture, etc.  They said their usual truck was getting serviced and the u-hual was lacking full moving supplies such as tape and blankets, luckily we had some of both.  My husband and I were helping bring stuff out to the truck, load, and unload the whole time, so technically there was 4 of us moving. During the move, they broke two dresser drawers. We were quoted that the move would take 5 hours. It took them around 7 hours and two trips (we had a 1650 square foot town home).  It was also frustrating that the distance between our houses is approximately 10 minutes and it took them 20 minutes the first time (following us) and at least 30 minutes the second time.  I understand driving slow with a full truck, but the second trip I asked if they went to lunch because as a customer paying based on the clock this was frustrating to me. After our move, I wasn't happy with our service but I paid them for 7 hours and I spoke with I believe Andrew about the damaged dresser.  I was initially happy they came and picked up the drawer that same day we moved and said they would repair it.  Despite multiple phone calls and promise of delivery, they still have two of the dresser drawers.  We moved on March 28th, and it's now June 8th. Based on my experience would not recommend this company for moving.If business don't care about receiving your call, you wonder how can they care to do the real work. I have tried to call this company and all i get is a voicemail... that its full!! U cannot even leave a message. Businesses in the business of servicing should be able to at least service a call.Absolutely horrible smoothies are made with water.. Go down the road to Dairy Queen and get a better smoothieCustomer service was poor. And the smoothie I got was so awful I had a horrible taste in my mouth for the longest time.The food is awfull, the smoothies don't even have real fruit. If you ask they will tell you it does but if you watch them make it there is no fresh fruit like Jamba. Not good for people looking for healthy choices.Their smoothies are fantastic but they are never open when their hours say they are. I've gone four times and the doors have been locked during their hours of business. Today four people were waiting outside at 830 (they open at 7). The chairs were down and music was blasting but the doors were locked. I tried knocking and calling but no got no response. Everyone left and one of the other people waiting mentioned that this has happened to her multiple times as well. I did mention it to an employee before and she told me their opener had an emergency. I can understand it happening once but four times (within a month) is ridiculous. They don't even seem to care when you tell them and they don't bother apologizing for the inconvenience.I found a shirt with no tags, Under Armor running shirt with a Superman logo. Couldn't find another one in the entire store so I brought up a white Under Armor running shirt as well, tags said 16.99. I asked the girl since it was exactly the same shirt minus the Superman logo, could I pay that price or close to it?  She DEFINETELY told me it was more because of the logo, ok... she said her kid had wanted it and thought it was 20-29.99 ... No straight answer or price,  I told her I don't want it if she doesn't know the damn price & got the white one.... I left the store & actually went right back because I really didn't want the white one, I want a FAIR PRICE on the Superman one. Asked the manager for a price and her stupid self asked the same stupid woman that rung me up .... Who, I'm positive,  put it aside to mark down for her son. Again with the, "We don't know the price" bullshit..... The woman that was doing my return on the white started being so completely rude to me that I got mad & tossed a 100 dollar bill at them, take it ... just gimme the fucking shirt.  I've never seen a store just flat refuse to sell a piece of clothing,  I'm certain they were going to happily clearance it out for the employee's kid .... I'm just lost s to why I had to pay 29.99 for something she was going to get for pennies... I won't be back to Marshalls,  I can pay regular price in the fucking regular store. You have HORRIBLE,  GREEDY employees Marshalls.HiFirst off all i am or i was very big fan and very loyal customer of Marshall but my perspective got changed today.I just want to bring today's 4/30/2015 incident at your store(4729 East Ray Rd

I called one sunday because my front door would no longer lock (the door was splitting in half) the serviceman complained about having to leave his home on a sunday to fix my broken front door. he didnt fix anything but tighten the screws of the deadlock. i explained to him ive done this numerous times but the door continues to loose grip of the lock since it is splitting down the middle, he refused it was an issue with the door and refused my request to replace the door altogether, rendering the safety of my apartment completely unimportant.All other complaints I have about this apartment complex is minuscule compared to the ones listed above.STAY AWAY.If you are looking for a place to live- this is NOT it! I have never been treated so horribly by a management company in all of my years of renting. The front office is full of rude and incompetent employees. Customer service is not a word in any of their vocabulary. Nothing EVER gets fixed and the office NEVER returns any calls.(toilet has been broken since I moved in and the dishwasher for going on a month now) Hot water is non-existant during the cold months here. I have a dog and they refuse to accommodate  around my work schedule so they can enter my apt with me there.  I have missed 3 days of work in the last two months for some inspection or another. The real icing on the cake was when they never issued my new lease after requesting it for 2 months. They then raised my rent by $300 a month (some month to month trumped up rate) and served me an eviction notice AFTER I finally signed the new lease and had paid the rent that was due upon renewal.  I was stuck here for another year! DO yourself a favor and look elsewhere. There are plenty of nicer and more affordable apartments in Tempe. MEB is the head management company so be on the lookout and avoid any of their properties.If you're looking for some good reviews you'll have to keep looking. I have been here for a year and a half. Since selling this place and becoming The Huntington Apartments this community's level of quality has significantly dropped. The office employees are rude, unorganized, and far from helpful. There is a bug problem that they cannot get fixed in multiple apartments. Their organization is so bad that they can't even keep up with the pest control company's schedule. We have had missed appointments, and not been ready due to miscommunication on their side. I would not recommend this place to anybody period. We do have community dumpster divers that make their rounds every morning at 6 AM however. There are police here non stop because of the amount of crime and disorderly conduct from some of the life forms that live here. Its a complete disaster. No matter how much painting they do around here there is no covering up poor quality living or customer service. If you are apartment hunting, keep hunting and good luck, there are good apartments out there, this just isn't one anymore.What they say is true, you do get what you pay for. Crazy that there really can be a price tag on poor living conditions and customer service, but there is. I have been here for a while now and have been having serious issues with pests, and the office has been the furthest thing from helpful throughout the process. In case you're wondering about the pests, their Bed Bugs and now Roaches! Both of these wonderful creatures are not limited to our apartment which means that  this place is a melting pot for creepy crawlies. You would think that treatment would be pretty standard, but in the past 42 days we have had 0 resolution. We follow the guidelines to a T and have even gone above and beyond double layering our mattress and box springs. One of the biggest problems is that everyone in the office has their head in sand. They are rude, busy because this place is a mess, and unorganized! We have missed appointments and been prepped when there was no appointment on different "treatment" cycles. I think they only use alcohol when they do treat, and thats IF they treat.... Past that we have police visits to the complex on nearly a daily basis for all of the various crimes and domestic disputes that happen here. We've had cars broken into and a window in our apartment shot with a bb gun. I filed a police report nearly two weeks ago and still have a broken window. The only way you can make yourself heard around here apparently is to make a lot of noise, but even then that wont help out too much, just ask my neighbors. If you hate living a comfortable life, come on in! If your like me however and like to work with caring and organized customer service along with clean and relatively crime free housing then stay away! There are other places in the area that cost about the same and give you WAY MORE!This was a nice place to live initially.  The trouble started after I moved out. They sent a letter to my new address weeks later, after I had properly checked out turned in my keys.  The letter claimed I was being charged for additional carpet cleaning. I called Huntinton or whatever they're called now, and they claimed I owned an animal. I never had one while there!! The woman said she'd look into it and get back. Needless to say I probably would not get my deposit back which I should have, but if it meant being done with these guys I was ok with that.  That was not the end of things. Just a day ago, 6 MONTHS after I was out, I get a collection agency letter for $150!! First off, my apartment was in good, clean condition when I left and secondly I should have got my deposit back like the initially said was likely. But now I'm being charged this amount 6 months after for what?!  Shady business practices. DO NOT LIVE AT THIS APARTMENT! Tell anyone apartment searching in the Tempe/Phoenix area to stay AWAY!!As indicated by the comment below, this apartment is now named The Huntington Apartment as of now. The facts:1. The apartment itself is actually not too bad. The layout and floorplan is well-designed for a 1 bedroom apartment. There are plenty of storage space in this apartment. However, it is an old building, so it doesn't have upgraded kitchen or materials. 2. However, the apartment management only cleans what you see on the outside. Before you move in, they walk you through the apartment you're going to move into. It looks fine until you move in and really see the places you didn't look the first time. The toilet bowl has stains that doesn't go away even when I bought Lysol cleaner and cleaned it, the air filter wasn't replaced before we moved in, so there were dust everywhere, the screen door to our patio was detached until the day of our move-in, even when the office manager told the maintenance people to fix it, they obviously didn't. And our kitchen sink disposal was clogged and our sink started flooding, because they didn't clean that out either. What a disaster. 3. Like I said, the management is horrible. The office staffs are irresponsible, unorganized, and unprofessional. They aren't like evil or mean, but they really don't know what they're doing. The girl who helped me when I first went in did not have good presentation skills, where she said "uhm" probably at least 5 times in a sentence, and didn't have correct information where she had to check multiple of times. Maybe she's new, but she really needs to be trained before they put her out there with customers. She also left out couple papers for me to sign, so I had to go back two separate times after I moved in, to sign more papers because she forgot to give it to me all at once. That's inconvenient and a waste of my time. Also, did I mention that they are not consistent with mails or deliveries? Their policy is that they're supposed to send us a note to our door if they received our package at the office. I've had three packages delivered to me, and I received only 1 note. The first time, I went in myself to get it because I got a confirmation email telling me that my package is arrived. It's been hours, and they haven't sent any note to my door. I had to walk there and told them and they simply said "oh, sometimes the note gets lost." Really? She's basically telling me she's irresponsible with her own mouth. The third package also arrived before noon and someone from the office signed it, but still no note on my door at 12am (on the same day). I only found out when it was delivered through the delivery company tracking system. They really need to be more responsible and organized.So overall, I would give it a one star just because of the storage space and layout, but the apartment management sucks. So looking forward to moving out as soon as my contract ends!!P.S. THE PRICE ISN'T EVEN THAT CHEAP FOR WHAT THE APARTMENT IS. IT LOOKS CHEAP AT FIRST COMPARED TO OTHER APARTMENTS NEAR HERE, BUT IT REALLY ISN'T THAT CHEAP FOR WHAT THIS CRAPPY APARTMENT IS WORTH.Nothing changed much since Mill Pointe changed its owners and its name. Oh, yes, and painted orange and blue their main office and pool area, but the apartment I live in is still brown and old. On the top of that, staff is till rude: I asked how many pages is it okay to print in their computer area for residents, to which I got an answer: " Don't print novels, you know, it is not your paper!". Wow. Why did you even bother to set up that computer area?!The other problem is they don't accept credit cards, only debit, because they don't want to pay fees associated with credit cards. The other big and ugly obstacle for me to like this place is their websites. They have one original, through Allison Shelton, and then they use domuso.com. On both websites you can't see the rental history - it is a big inconvenience given the stage of IT development we are living in. The use of two websites confuses me: one has no additional fees, one doesn't allow you to change personal information like your name, nor see it in settings. Very limiting and underperforming websites.     Additionally, now you have to pay rent on the first of each month, two additional days are cancelled. Plus, you have to pay for the water you didn't use because your building neighbors did and it is all divided evenly.The last thing: "pets are welcome!", they exclaim. Well, yes, such enthusiasm is based on their fee - $30 per little furry friend + high non-refundable one-time fees. Leaving soon and very glad.The person is just plain rude. She was yelling at me for my asking what's her average price for a hair length and texture like mine. wanting to estimate your cost prior to getting the service is something you should not ask for? She went on this rant about how she needs to see me in person to know the price without letting me putting a word in, and went on hang up the phone right after she finished. I don't know how good you are, yet what you're doing is basically shooing people away from your business.Emailed like 5 times - finally got some straight answers but alas the managment team is deplorable would not rent if you paid me to stay here....and check out the other reviews many have regretted renting there tooOkay so there are quite a few positive things about this complex. But in this case the bad out way the good. But let's starts with the good:Very spacious gorgeous apartments. Lovely interior two floored apartments that are well worth the price. Multiple swimming pools. Some are more private where the main pool is typically where all the children swim. So if you like a quiet swim experience, stay away from the main pool. Great pricing There is the mountain preserve right behind the complex, with plenty of lovely trails to hike on right in your backyard. Decent location between the 51 & the 17 Very quiet, we never hear any of our neighbors. Safe, despite the area surrounding the complex, it seems very safe inside the apartment walls.The staff is friendly Now for the bad...Our unit has the tiniest and I mean tiniest washer and dryer ever invented. I can fit about four small towels in a load. Takes so much time to do laundry. Although there are on site laundry facilities, I shouldn't have to use them if I have a washer and dryer inside my unit. The staff is friendly but they don't seem to keep in touch with you when dealing with things. You have to constantly call them back in order to hear back about your matter. For instance we needed major maintenance  on our unit pertaining to a piping issue and the maintenance man was hours late than expected with no phone call to let us know. Plus the maintenance isn't prioritized in their mind. Security. Although you feel safe inside the complex. The fact that there are security gates that never work... Is unacceptable. We chose this place thinking there were security gates that were functional... Not the case. Now here is my BIGGEST pet peeve about this complex... The parking. It is absolutely ridiculous!!! You are assigned one car port per apartment. We have three cars. So therefore two of us are to fend for ourselves parking throughout the complex. If you come home past 6:30pm. You will find yourself spending at least 15 minutes trying to park. People park in handicapped spots, and other illegal spots because they have no choice! Residents should have no issue parking at home! It should not be this difficult to come home at night. This problem is huge and needs to be solved. I am not sure how since there is no land surrounding the complex to expand on...but something needs to be done. We were not even spoken to about the issue when moving in when they full well knew we had three cars. I can not even express how frustrating the parking truly is. Also there are so many empty car ports thought the complex. So either they did not tell the truth about having excess car ports or not everyone has a car. Which in that case. They should lease out the extra car ports to leave more uncovered spots for everyone else plus they can make some money off of it too! It might not seem like a big issue. But when you come home and go on an adventure to find parking... It will. All in all. There are good things and bad things about this complex. You can decide if they play an effect on your decision to live here.My previous review, prior to move out, was generally positive. Living at the complex was fine. The pros - quiet, decent office staff, plenty of space and storage, beautiful grounds, unique floor plans, close to North Mountain Park.That being said, upon move out, I must tell prospective tenants to think twice before renting here. I was willing to overlook the cons because all apartment complexes have their weaknesses. This one is in a sketchy area with very interesting individuals. Parking is extremely poor. The gates are always broken. Maintenance does the best they can and respond quickly, but expect to have the same appliances and fixtures repaired several times over.And here is the kicker - upon move out, we were hit with a $229.50 fee. After two weeks of communicating with office staff, the breakdown is as follows (according to their email):"You failed to professionally clean your carpets; the oven, stove, top of the refrigerator, cabinets/shelving were dirty,  and there were areas that were not touch up painted at move out.  Unfortunately, per your move out guidelines, every resident is required to leave the dwelling in good condition.

worst possible Home Health Care & Home Cleaning Services in all of Arizona. They have left me with no substitute home cleaning person for over three weeks after thethe person normally assigned to do it for me went out of town and they were supposed to send a replacement and this so-called replacement never even showed up today

Oh they have a couple wheel chairs.Not very good at all.  I stayed at the hotel and that was a great experience.  I was really looking forward to the buffet, I knew it wasn't going to be 4 star dining but I expected more out of this place, it didn't have the greatest selection and the food had no flavor.  I would never go back.  Please take my word for it, don't try the sushi...I hate this place. Buffet's in Vegas have all gone bad. It used to be like 9.99 for breakfast. The last time we tried going to the MGM buffet they tried charging 3 of us $90 for breakfast. How many freakin bacon and eggs can you eat for $90? So we said to screw it and went to starbucks and got some coffee and a pastry. Way too overpriced to justify.hmmm, we were stuck between shows at MGM so tried the buffet.  i wonder how they stay in business??  Very hard to find anything good to eat!  price is quite high for what you get.  do gamblers get comp-ed to reduce the $25 cost.   if you must eat at MGM, find something else...  but, hey, there was no line!This buffet is terrible and terribly expensive. Unless you're just into mass consumption and just want to gorge yourself on the food, you can't get the worth of the meal out of it.  Go to the Bellagio, go to Ceasers, go anywhere but here.  The selection is terrible....Oh and make sure you don't eat here shortly before going to the airport to catch your red eye.  Disaster will be waiting for you.Horrible. All the food here tasted like it was reheated from 3 days ago. Everything was cold. Haven't they heard of sternos in this hotel?  I paid 30 dollars for a buffet of pure garbage. Go to the Rio buffet. It's the best in town so far.either im not into buffets anymore, or mgm has lost its touch!  the food was okay but i found hair in it! they have cut back  on the quality of seafood that they serve, and they dont have as much of a variety of food as they used too but the hiked the price! i complained and i was drunk! not thats sad!the nasty food was gross.stay out of this placeI remember this buffet from 4 years ago, when it was excellent.  In a pinch, we took some friends to the MGM buffet, WITHOUT CHECKING YELP FIRST -- dumb dumb dumb dumb.I was embarrassed at what we found at the $27/person MGM Friday dinner buffet.  The "sushi" on offer consisted of one old-looking platter of krab-salad rolls and one platter of old-looking krab-california rolls.  Their use of krab (pollock) product in these rolls was puzzling because right next door was a huge tray of cold crab legs.  (these legs were fine).One entire row (of 4) consisted of salad and fruit (yay for healthy choices, but this can all be obtained from a grocery store and was clearly offered as a "space filler").  I walked in HUNGRY but the buffet was so visually unappealing that I only half-filled a plate with this and that and was disappointed to find the taste matched the lackluster appearance of each offering.  I'm sure the fruit was great, but that's more of a snack item for me.After 3 unsuccessful sorties of trying this and that (potato halves with little pasta balls, a fish dish, a beef rib with over-salty gravy, some rock hard rolls, noodles) (none recommended), I resorted to eating some old-looking (and old-tasting) potstickers and some nasty orange-glazed chicken.  My request of the server for some chili sauce?  Denied: "we only have the 4 sauces you see on your table."  (had to catch her in the bussing station to bother her with this request since she was generally not seen during our visit)Oh, and while we're on service, it matched the overall experience.  Perhaps we just got a bad attendant, but really, her only job is to keep drinks full and plates cleared.  No-Can-Do & No-Can-Do.My low opinion of the food was verified by my buddy.  Though he politely pretended the food was fine, I could see that he was not finishing many of the items he chose for his plate.  This coming from a guy who is known to eat PLAIN, COLD, PASTA for lunch.  The man has no taste buds and he wouldn't even eat this crap.Dessert: not good, most selections went unfinished at our table.  The COFFEE, however deserves mention: excellent.Last rant: who are these other people eating here?  Looks like some free coupons were given out so MGM would have a lower trash bill from tossing all this food into a dumpster.  Think trying-to-be-classy www.peopleofwalmart.com meets strip buffet.  Total and unmitigated thumbs down.  Good lesson to always check yelp.com first, because all these other reviews say basically the same thing.Gross Sunday BrunchWasted money and just degrading for a buffet in Vegas.Never again.  Even the desserts sucked.Wish I had checked reviews before eating here =(This is without a shadow of a doubt the worst dining experience I have ever had. Since the MGM grand is such a nice hotel, I expected the buffet to be equally nice. That was a huge mistake! I arrived in Vegas last friday, absolutely starving might I add, and headed straigt for the buffet. The quality and selection of food was ridiculously poor. I had two plates of hummus with rock hard pita bread and was done. Nothing was remotely appealing, other than the exit. I complained to the manager who agreed to credit the price of the buffet to my room. This never happened. Another manager then agreed to take care of it, but has failed to do so. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, right?  Well  this buffet is SO BAD that I'm breaking the rules. Do youself a huge favor by hiking a few blocks down to the Bellagio or the Wynn. For $5 more you can feast like a king!!Why does the second largest hotel in the world have one of the worst buffets? I dunno cause pretty much every other buffet is better. Grand buffet is definately the low man on the totem pole. In the south strip area, hit up Mandalay bay's buffet, Paris' buffet, or Planet hollywood's.The not so grand buffet.  It is neither big nor good.  This place is like 1/3 of the size of the Bellagio or Paris buffets.  The selection is very limited.  Their food is really bland.  For the price I paid for dinner, I should have just walked up the street to Paris.  Their crab legs were tiny and tasty fishy.  Their prime rib had no flavor what-so-ever.  Their desserts were not too impressive either.  Only thing going for this place is that there was no line, but I guess I figured out why.We somehow ended up eating here, cause everyone was starving and we were walking past this place. SO not worth the $25. And you have to pay an additional $5 for unlimited mimosas. Most buffets already include the mimosas in the price. We could have paid an extra couple of bucks and went to a buffet that had seafood. I was so disappointed that I didn't even take photos of the food. The only thing I ate here was the Lobster Ravioli, Smoked Salmon and a piece of Lasagna. There was nothing that stood out about the food.I wouldn't recommending coming here to anyone. Spend a few extra bucks, and go to another buffet. I wish we had gone to Paris' Buffet or even Rio's. :(I didn't know it was possible to put out less at dinner than at lunch and still charge more but they did it. Food was worse than cafeteria food at a hospital and with less flavor. $73.99 for two adults and a child. Half the steamer space was left unused. Save your money, go to Denny's and eat much better.Ugh.  Well, this place was overpriced, but for what I got I'd probably still be saying the same thing if it was $10.00 per person.We went for brunch one morning and found the selection to be really lacking.  I guess that's a good thing though, because what they had wasn't that impressive.  The food was cold and bland and there really wasn't much variety.  Oatmeal and donuts and sushi that tasted so bad made me feel like I was being a daredevil by eating it?  No thanks.Never again. Next time I'll shell out a few more dollars and a little more time to walk over to the Bellagio for their buffet.I was planning on trying a different restaurant for lunch, but it was closed.  Now, you must know I am a big eater.  I can always get more than my money's worth when I go to a buffet.  For this afternoon, I just needed to eat some lunch before heading back to the poker tables.  The MGM Grand Buffet lunch had very slim pickings.  My lunch ended up being a a slice of highly salty ham, a couple of pieces of fried chicken, a few pieces of bland broccoli, and a some California roll.  The lox was suspiciously fishy, and there the only dessert that looked appealing was some ice cream.  This was the cheapest meal of my trip, but also the least enjoyable.The food here is lacking. Disappointed on this morning dining service. I was going to the buffet to get a nice breakfast before returning home but was hammered with dinner entrees on the menu at 11am!?!?! they were dumping the breakfast entrees in the trash!!! If it wasn't fried in cheap batter or drowned in thick sauce, the entrees were either too salty, too bland, overcooked, or left out too long. Didn't receive a refill and had to stack a plate on top of a previous one. The sweet and sour tofu & sesame balls were good but that is it. The budget cuts are showing in the quality of the food. This place used to be the bomb but its turning into circus buffet.Yuck.Big selection, but it was salty as hell. The Mimosas tasted like chemicals. The "sushi" was a joke.  I even saw them pour the eggs out of a plastic bag -- the only fresh ones were over-easy (not even the omelets!)DEFINITELY look for a different buffet experience in LVThis food here is terrible. I use to come here all the time when I was in Vegas for their champaign brunch on Saturday or Sunday, but over the last two years this place has gone downhill. The last couple of times I've been there the food has been bland, dry, & often cold. The deserts are hard, & don't really taste that good. Even the ice cream & jell-o is hard..... Not sure how they managed to pull that off, I guess they want to be consistent at having gross food all the way across the board.It's looks like they have a wide selection of food here but after walking through you realize it's the same lame food on both sides. The only thing decent about this place is their servers are usually good with following up on you, but all they do is refill the soda like any other server at a buffet is suppose to do so who really gives a sh1t about that. If I'm dropping 17-26 bucks on a buffet I want good food not fresh tap water.So in a nutshell F this place, you're better off taking your money a half mile over to the food court and pay 6 bucks for a quarter pounder "without" cheese ($7.50 with) at the mcdonalds and use the remaining 12 bucks getting wasted on the free drinks at the penny slots.terrible! wouldn't eat here if it were free. if i could give it zero stars i would.On our way to Lady Gaga 3/25/11 we decided to try this buffet, and as you can see it didn't go well.Pro:

She stands and stares at me

When leaving to pay the guy at the counter asked me how it was and I was honest and said I usually never complain but this was terrible.As an asian, I feel like I should apologize on behalf of all asians for this craptastic place.This place is cheap in price and food.  Very disappointed.

WORST SERVICE, HORRIBLE FOOD, CHEAP OWNERS, waited a good 10mins just for a cup of water, when the restaurant was EMPTY!

My company was great, so we continued to eat and laugh. We decided to get gelato for the long ride home. It was again, pretty pricey and when we asked we were told that even the gelato is not homemade or locally sourced! After shelling out about $16 for random gelato, we laughed and decided we should have just picked up Haagen-Dazs from the gas station!!!!Overall I'd have to say if you are planning to drive more then 5 minutes to get here- don't bother. There are so many better choices in AZ.I cannot believe I agreed to come back here, but my sister from Chicago was in town for the weekend and she read about this place as a "must do". Well, my opinion hasn't changed and we joked that this place  is a "must don't"!!!Read my previous review... Same situation this time too! New disappointments:FOOD: just not good. Salad was waaaaaaaaay over-dressed,  sandwich - bread was hard (old?, sitting out too long?), chips were store bought ( what exactly does this place make on site????), bruschetta- decent. Ice machine out of ice (yes it was busy), waited for an employee to dump a bucket of ice into the top- not wearing gloves. Gross! TOUR: holy boring, my sister insisted we do this. I agreed, because I was still searching for the "it" about this place.  When I wasn't bored to tears I was being sold to.  Luckily this time, I knew better to skip the store bought gelato and we drove back via Frost off the 202 in Gilbert.  Sorry- I really tried, I can say with immense certainty that I will never be convinced to return.I find it interesting that no one from this place responded to my reviews on 6/30'and 7/. I even got a parking tip reply from my La Grand Orange review. Guess it just shows that they don't care what experience the customers have- it was pretty obvious from my visit too! Looking at other poor reviews, it doesn't seem they respond too often. Really a shame. They could probably learn al it from reading yelp reviews!My review is for the garlic fest. Came for the garlic festival, but oddly did not find any garlic to sample. Food carts, wine, beer and a restaurant selling merchandise is plentiful.When I go to a festival for something like garlic you would think it would be easy to actually taste garlic. I believe this is just this local company's way  of marketing itself. I'm sure they make a good product but not going to wait in the crazy insane lines to find out.New ReviewI would like to elaborate on my original review since I have received a reply to my reviews on Yelp AND Instagram regarding my opinion of the Garlic Festival. I have lowered my rating to one star because I believe things are being handled poorly. Let me further explain...In my opinion (let's emphasize this word "opinion"), this festival was sorely lacking. I have been to other garlic festivals and I feel like a certain standard (that is shared by others I have spoken to since attending this festival earlier today) was not met. Usually when attending a garlic festical, the main focus is garlic - I felt that this was not accomplished. The garlic that was provided seemed like an afterthought. We tested a lot of the food that the Queen Creek Olive Mill was kind enough to provide me in a list in their reply - the garlic was usually in a spread or an aioli that was provided in a small dish and weak in taste. I also found more advertisements for beer on the tents than garlic.The inside of the mill, at best, had garlic-stuffed olives. The main focus was olive oil, stuffed olives, and balsamic vinegars. My party and I voiced many times that we did not know where the garlic was hiding. Pickled garlic? Chopped garlic to put on top of our foods? Bread with garlic? Garlic-flavored or infused foods? Roasted garlic? Garlic salsa? Garlic kabobs? This is usually what you search for when at a garlic festival. None of this was provided here. This festival felt more like an excuse to funnel people into the mill to buy the products that are usually provided on days not throwing a garlic festival.Now, to comment on how my reviews have been handled...I feel that they have been handled poorly. Instead of lashing out at a disgruntled customer, I believe an establishment attempting to keep a high level of reputation should attempt to fix the situation instead of reacting defensively. My review is my opinion, please take it into consideration as constructive criticism for next year's Garlic Festival instead of taking it personally. I am not attempting to be mean, I am simply doing what Yelp was intended for and providing my opinion of something I was disappointed in (an opinion that was shared by my entire party of garlic-lovers and many others I spoke to).Based on my many experiences today, I no longer wish to give the Queen Creek Olive Mill a second try.Original ReviewMy family and I went out for the Garlic Festival today, and we were sorely disappointed. We showed up expecting garlic and garlic-flavored things and garlic-infused foods. Instead, what we got was the exact opposite - NO GARLIC.Now, when you hear the phrase "Garlic Festival", what do you think of? Probably what I think of - a bunch of people going to eat a bunch of garlic. I want the rank stench of garlic for miles around. I want people sweating and breathing garlic. I want mountains of garlic to throw myself into! What I got was sadness and barely a whiff of the beautiful stench I craved.I'm sure the place sans Garlic Festival is lovely. I gave it two stars because the atmosphere is nice and the balsamic vinegar is yummy (however, avoid the Pumpkin Spice Olive Oil at all costs). Don't think I'll be redeeming my free Olive Oil Lesson, though.Was excited to visit and purchase some locally grown products,  we visited mid-day on a Thursday,  BUT after paying $5 for the tour we found it was mostly to promote the various products they are selling. The freebie was a teaspoon of oil that you could have sampled on the shop floor without paying for a tour. THEN after waiting 20 minutes to order lunch we were told there would be an hour wait till it was ready.  can't tell you how good it might have been because we had places to be and couldn't wait an hour for 2 sandwiches.Overpriced, small portions, confusing layout, unfriendly staff.  Dusty and dirty.  Too bad, because the property has potential.Amazing food, however, Horrible & rude customer service and long wait times. Takes 30-45 mins to order and just as long to receive your food afterwards.  An hour for a hotdog is a joke.  Order inside, fantastic food and very efficient. Came a second time and same horrible customer service on the inside.  Did not inform us of the long ticket time until after we had bought and paid for our order.  45+ mins for a sandwich is unacceptable anywhere.  These bad experiences negate the great food and I would recommend you do not waste your time.Very disappointed. Gelato looked dried out. The baked goods and other items in the display cases looked like it had been setting out for a long time.My family and I went to the restaurant for a "Dine-In" experience on November 7, 2009.  We arrived at 6:15.  It took over 45 minutes for my family to receive their order.  There were only 3 other customers in the restaurant so a busy restaurant was not the problem.  It took over 20 minutes for the waiter to notify me that one of the items on the menu was not available.  My barbeque ribs were overcooked and it was not a full rack unless the pig was named "Wilbur" and was from Charlotte's Web.  It was more like 3/4 of a rack of ribs.  There was barely any sauce on the overdone ribs.  Food has a grade of C+ (and I'm being generous).Kitchen Help - during our stay at the establishment I noticed one thing,  the kitchen help was of no help at all. Several times I noticed the kitchen help coming out the back service door to help themselves to the soda fountain.  It was not just one but two or three individuals that came out multiple times.  When I was leaving the restaurant, it all became clear to me. There were probably about 5 or 6 people in the kitchen, and maybe one or two were working.  Several girls were staring through the kitchen door observation window out to the parking lot where one of the employees was smoking a cigarette and checking out one of the cars parked in the dirt.  Most of the employee's cars were parked in such a haphazard way that it looked like a high school drive-in more than a respectable restaurant.  One employee is certainly active because he was also one of the ones that kept helping himself to the soda at the fountain.  It also doesn't help that the male kitchen help were not clean-shaven.  The kitchen help gets a grade of D- (I've seen worse and that's why it's not an F).Service - I would have to say this was the only bright spot in the whole experience.  Our waiter, busted his butt to make sure our dining experience was good.  I know he was covering for the kitchen help because he was very apologetic and seemed frustrated at times with what was going on in the kitchen. I give him a grade of A.My final thoughts:  I have done more than my share of restaurant work in my youth and I have been in the Customer Service field for over 20 years.  This experience was not a good one.  On the website I'm sure Sam Rosati would not stand for this kind of kitchen help or quality of food that I experienced on Saturday November 7, 2009.  Since the restaurant is not in the best of locations, it will have to survive by word of mouth.  It is not going to survive for very long with kitchen help and food like I experienced.Russp.s.  I'm not sure about those earlier ratings of 4 stars because this particular Rosati's was not open during 2008.My wife and I went to this restaurant, hoping to have a nice Italian meal, or a pizza.  We walked in the front door, and stood right next to the sign that said, "Please wait to be seated".  OK. We waited.  Several employees passed us, back and forth, several times - no smiles, no acknowledgment, nothing. Finally, after 5 minutes a young lady, asks us "Did you want to be seated?"Really.  "Did you want to be seated?"!!!!"Sure, thank you."  (although, my wife wanted to say...

Worst worst worst.............................................................................................worst and I could say it zillion times crooks and worst and the last place I would advice any driver not to go.Horrible service. These guys are rude and unprofessional. I had forgotten to write a review about this company, because the day I dealt with them was just bad overall, but was fortunately reminded this morning when I drove behind one of their trucks. The jerk was in the carpool lane holding up traffic (for at least 10 miles - truck #110), but wasn't carpooling. The wait time was just over double what they quoted (I waited over an hour) and they didn't even call to tell me they would be late. Is it too much to ask for a courtesy call? Every other company I've dealt with has. Running late, fine, just call me and let me know so I don't think I've been abandoned. And I originally went with them because they quoted me the shortest wait time. Don't fall for this. They give you a short wait time, but didn't deliver. And I didn't even get a "Sorry, I was busy and running late."STAY AWAY FROM THIS BUSINESS---COMPLETELY UNETHICAL. This towing company is absolutely shady.  They illegally towed my car from a covered spot at my apartment complex, without notice or tag.  (per contract and my lease they have to give notice) They fudged the date of the tow  to try to increase storage fees and cover that they did not submit my car in the tow check to the apartment for review, as is their procedure.  Anyone would be upset at this type of breakdown and injustice to be towed with no notice and no tag and no ability to resxolve it without a tow. Then, when I called in to check on it to "customer service"  the ignorant and unhelpful call center staff were instantly combatitive and unresponsive.  They could not locate a pre-tow photo or a  tow report, or any approval of Apartment management for the tow.  This is supposedly three days(per their fudged tow date) after pick up.  My apartment complex had to call to get them to admit the wrong and cancel all fees, and they won't bring the car back without charging me $110. STAY FAR AWAY.  If you must have a tow, Give your money to reputable businesses, instead.The course was in very good shape but beware of the bait and switch. I called the course to get a tee time and was quoted a "special" rate of $15 by the female that answered the phone. It sounded really good so twice I confirmed with her that the "special" really was $15. When we arrived the "Director of Golf Course Operations" was working the desk and rang us up for a rate of $24. When I told him the rate we were quoted he said there was no $15 rate and that there were no women there that would answer the phone. When I pressed the subject he admitted that they have an answering service that answers the phone with females. Interesting how the "director's" story changes.I agree with the previous person on the recent review of this course.

Auf seltsame Weise verdoppelten sich alle bestellten Getränke - aus 0,25 l Fruchtsäften wurden 0,5 l Gläser, ohne Hinweis auf die Kosten.Ambiente:

And you have to set up/ link a Savings account with them, but seems I can't ever save becasue they keep charging me for the saving account...

"Crap dealers are cool at times"

All told, I spent $40 on dinner for one (including one draft beer which was not cold enough) and left hungry. This place just opened this week. Against my better judgement, I will give it one more try.This place opened 1/21/14 been watching them construct the place, was excited to go there.........it SUCKS!!!! Fox10 news lied big when the had these people on to promote, they should be a shamed of them selves to tell people to go there  when they tasted the horrible food. All my dishes (which is a la cart) tasted like fish, inside smelled like fish. So I sat outside. I has a chicken taco, pork taco, both had no flavor and they give it to you in 1 tortilla.....hello street tacos come double stacked, had the Columbian rice, is was crunchy jasmine rice with lemon squeezed on top, the salsa was bad also had no flavor either. Nothing had flavor. My friend had the fish taco and said it was nasty. They give you a 40.oz empty bottle of beer filled with water (tap I'm sure). And the service sucked, waiter asked if we wanted our checks and forgot. The lunch crowd was gone. I had to get up and going inside and tell the guy "did you forget us". I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!! Lucky I gave them 1 star, guess I had 2 eat it, pissed I did and paid for it.Do NOT go here right now.I am sure this will be a great restaurant once they iron out all the kinks. We went last night with a party of 8, so yes it was a larger party, but 4 of the diners were kids eating off the kids' menu. Not too hard, right?!? We arrived at 6:05 at 7:22 we asked our server what was taking so long and if they could please just bring out the kids' cheese crisps. At 7:35 Two Adult entrees came out, and were cold. At that point we told our server the kids were "done" and we wanted to leave. He came back with the FULL check (even though we had still not received over half our food) luckily at this piont the manager had overheard our disappointment and told the server he would take care of it. Got home at 8:00 and instead of relaxing and enjoying the rest of our Friday night, I got to cook dinner for my family.

- Preise für das Essen akzeptabel, Getränkepreise überhöht - 3,8 EUR für ein großes Bier bezahlt man in Karlsruhe nirgendwo.

The ingredients used are low quality but with a fancy twist .

I want to continue shopping at this store as it is right next to my home, but have no problem going else where if I am uncomfortable just trying to purchase my items or collect monopoly tickets.Now don't get me wrong this 1 star is because of her and her attitude towards customers. Not the store itself. All the other employees are great and we enjoy our experience when we go there and she isn't around.Horrible store ever they don't know what good customer service means because every time I have shop there the cashiers are rude some of them don't even say Hi to you they act like you are bothering them  some of them completly ignore you. They don't make you feel welcome

not only myself, but a lot of friends have had the same experiences.im not a fan at all.Do not go here for tattoos!

THE AREA MANAGER IS THE REAL SCUM-THEY WILL NOT FIX DAMAGE THEIR EQUIPMENT DOES TO YOUR VEHICLE!!!IF YOUR VEHICLE WAS DAMAGED AT CLEAN FREAK CAR WASH PLEASE CALL/TXT or EMAIL ME TO POSSIBLY CONTRIBUTE TO A LOCAL NEWS STORY!

so much so, I left in on the verge of tears.

Told Manager, He looked like he cared less and said yea I will talk to them. Right.

Stay anywhere, but here.Wow good thing they are closing it. I have stayed in Motel 6's that were nicer.I came to see it 1 last time before it closed and now I am glad it is closing. Rude workers , dirty everything,  and just not worth your time.The word dump doesnt cover it.The place smelled of carpet deodorizer and lysol.  No fridge, broken knob on the thermostat, all night leaking shower.  Really?  $120?Lower budget shouldn't mean run down - it was like a vagrant hotel.There is no reason to stay in this place.I am not impressed at all.  We came to Vegas for a seminar and stayed here because of the price.  We paid way too much, even at around $60 something a night.  The place is old, not upkept at all.  You can tell they don't care anymore because they are closing.  It's dirty, smelly and a lot of sketchy people.  We just came back to our room and only 1 bed was made and nothing else was cleaned or done.  They only allow you 2 extra pillows per room and the pillows are horrible.  The bed is one of the most uncomfortable beds I have ever slept in, I have slept better camping lol  The pool was closed, the food choices are horrible, the only decent thing is the $1 blackjack tables (that is if you can get a seat)  Really, don't stay here.  Not cool.Worst customer service! First time staying here and it's been the worst experience! Don't recommend this hotel!As for many things in Vegas, disappointment comes from over-priced, mediocre food complete with tacky neon lights.The food there was bland and uneventful. I had the chicken pesto sandwich that could have been decent if it weren't for the pile of dry mixed greens smashed on the dry bread. There was cheese in there somewhere and little globs of pesto, but paired with a gristley piece of chicken I was far from impressed. And I know what you're thinking- it's diner food, right? Well, I've been to my fair share of diners and had some really decent meals. This was not one of them.  I got fries on the side which were, shockingly, also not good. Some were cold, some were warm, but all of them mushy. Gross.My husband got an omelet with turkey and cheese and hollandaise sauce. He seemed to think it was okay, but not great. The egg was overcooked and made for a hard, chunk of omelet.The best part of this mess... oh wait, there is no best part... the bill was $28 for the two of us and that was without drinks.I give this place one star for tacky, over the top, quintessential  Vegas décor and ambiance. Also, the waitresses wear these terrible tie-dye colored outfits where you can basically see their asses. Except these are not asses you'd want to see.  And then cocktail waitresses come out from the fire side area wearing formal wear to take your drink order. This place is a mess and I recommend it only if you're desperate to go broke for crap food.Fail.Where to start.  How about how our waitress didn't show up to our table for about 20 minutes.  Much of the awfulness of this place does have to do with possibly the worst person who has ever called herself a waitress.  I'm not sure how many tables she was responsible for but the wait at the door would have been at least 20 minutes less if she was even remotely competant.  The food was below average and cold and not cheap.  Denny's quality with gourmet prices...no thank you. With as much velvet and neon in this place the waitress should do a strip tease or something before I get my eggs.A friend recommended we try this place while in vegas and since it's open 24 hr and was right in front of our hotel we gave it a try. It was a Monday night at 1:30am. The decor looked like Prince threw up all over the restaurant. Very cheesy n tacky not to mention old. We had 4 diff ppl ask if we wanted drinks. The hostess asked even before we could look at the menu. After we receive our drinks she tells us the credit card machine is broken and to pay w cash. Ummm probably shouldve told us that before. But good thing I had cash which I usually don't. Food: how can u mess up chicken fingers and a house salad? For the prices they were charging for cafeteria food i expected them to get something right. Besides taking forever to get our food. The lettuce in the salad was browning. And the ranch was running like it had been diluted with water. I don't know if u could call it a salad because it was just iceberg lettuce and croutons for 5.95. The chicken fingers were so hArd they felt like biting into a brick. And their BBQ sauce tasted like hotsauce and ketchup. I'm not digging the hooker attire of the staff either. I will most definitely stick to the restaurants at the hotels.The Steak house at Circus Circus was closed and we wanted to know of a place we could still get a good steak at 11 p.m. The maitre d' recommended we try Peppermill.  The restaurant was crowded but there wasn't a wait to get a table. Ordering drinks took forever because the waitress had to get a separate "cocktail waitress" to take our alcoholic drink order. One of our friends joked she wouldn't order a steak based on what she saw walking to our table. The price for a steak dinner ranged from $26 to $29. I commented back to her for that price how could the steaks be bad. Boy was I wrong. I order a New York steak and shrimp dinner for $29. The steak was the size you would get for a $9.99 steak and eggs breakfast. To say this was over priced is an understatement. I know size isn't everything but this steak didn't even taste good. The other dinners (chicken nachos and a fresh fruit platter)  were no better.  If that wasn't bad enough our cocktails were of the premixed straight from the fountain gun dispenser type. Needless to say no one finished their food or drinks. What a waste of money. As for the maitre d' I wonder if he gets some sort of kick back for sending people to this place. So much for asking a local where to eat.The place is horrible. Nasty and trashy.  The service was terrible: super slow, rude, and unsensitive. I ordered a ciabatta pesto burger and a creme brule. The food was ok. Huge portions but nothing out of this world. I can get the same stuff  elsewhere. It's like a Deny's with neon lights. Expensive for the actual products you get. Our waitress took forever to take the order. I waited about 30 min to get an appetizer. Overall, the service was terrible (slow refills, waiter unreachable). I was so pissed that I didnt care to tip for service.Food was good until we saw a big cockroach on the kitchen counter. Then another on the floor. The guy in the booth next to us stepped on one.we got sat and waited 30 mins and no one came to take our order...this place is sooooo smoky! i almost had to cancel my stay after arriving here lolYes this place may have history and its 24hr operation may help keep it alive but the service just plainly SUCKS!!!! I went there for the first time on a week day around midnight because everything else was closed, no waiting line, not too busy, it took three different servers to take our order and get our food (3 ppl)  about 45 minutes or so later. Oh, the corona beer I ordered took the waitress from the bar 40 mins to come back and let me know she forgot to order it. Hmmm, classy? NOT!! Save your money and go to Dennys instead, they may not have the neon hype and fake trees but their service is waaay better!!okay so someone recommended this restaurant. I realized that it's only in business because they take advantage of the drunk bafoons that crawl in there at 5 in the morning, settling for anything at that point, to satisfy their cravings. they use they're huge portions to try to compensate for the ridiculous ingredients they provide. just don't ever taste the nachos; we have yet to discover what cheese they used.If you want a quick place to eat and not walk through an entire hotel this is a spot that you may like, i.e. Dennys quality.  Some gal on my SWA flight recommended this place for its steak. I should have put my headphones on and toned her ass out.Everything looked OK, quick service, huge portions THEN A GIANT ROACH heading for our feet underneath the table.  Thank God my husband saw its huge antenas and he stomped it out.  No joke, the busboy paused to watch him do it and just kept walking on.  I am terrified of bugs, but this roach was a healthy sci fi thriller type roach who ate a whole rib eye in the back before coming out to the main floor for seconds.Pay the extra $10 and go to Outback down the street!You can disregard my last review. this place got cocky and went to hell pretty quickly.1) service sucked. After waiting 10-15 minutes just to order, the waitress had no apologies. When the food came 5 minutes after that, and was sent back 3 times, she had nothing to say about that. When I went to go pay and the cashire asked about the food I told him it was horrible and he laughed then the waitress next to him said, "ya we've been having issues with that for a while now."

- Bland

I do not come to this location often because I go to the one closer to my home but today I was going to go to Dunkin Donuts but the line was too long so I figured I would just stop here as it is down and the street and omw to work. I opted to go inside because the drive through line was long.  Only one lady in front of me.  I ordered a Venti Hot Caramel Macchiato w an add shot.

b/   I'm not your employee and you could have asked

Warning...if you have children, do not shop here!Dear MgtWhen you have 11 people in line it might be time to open another register. Perfect idiocy.  Typical for Old GravyRight now Chinatown is having specials $20/hr. This place was $40/hr, he asked for a discount since there were 2 of us - huge discount$20/ 30minutes. Must pay first so when you are done with the 20 minutes - and that wasn't even being massaged the whole time since she talks with her hands & was more interested in her conversation than giving a massage. Do yourself a favor & go elsewhereIf I could give this place zero stars, I would. I guess the free panty show deserves a star.So my usual spot was booked and I was with my guy, who doesn't wait for massage services.  I'm a massage therapist.  I'm in business for myself and I understand things fairly well.So it's 9pm on a Saturday night.  The door's open, the neon sign is up and it says "Foot Spa",  it's behind PT's Pub, seems dead.Inside is completely different.  I'm posting a photo.  The entry was empty with no front desk person.  The window to greet a client is covered in lace.  There's licenses and a picture frame with a handwritten paper with pricing.  $35 for one hour.  Immediately we know this is a dirty massage place masked as a foot spa place.  This is NOT a professional reflexology place!  Just RUN.We hear two women talking, in an Asian language, one comes out in heels and short shorts, greets us and we ask for reflexology for one hour.  She lets us into the back, first room looks like an oversized storage closet.  There's three chairs that aren't reflexology chairs with ottomans.  We hear the women arguing, then Shorts comes back with our foot-soaking buckets and asks for the money up front.  We pay.  She disappears. Until the water's almost cold.  They finally emerge from behind their "office" curtain, turn on some music and start working.The second lady had an old woman's voice but was young and pretty and wearing a dress.  To squat on a stool and rub my guy's feet.  He was nose-deep in his cell phone so didn't notice the free panty show until about 10 minutes into the massage.  Flashing her choneys made up for the crap massage.First problem:  besides cold water and uncomfortable chairs is these chicks start working on us with GLOVES on!!  Mine (shorts lady) is using latex, which I'm not fond of.  Dress lady is using PLASTIC FOOD SERVICE GLOVES to massage my guy's feet.  We get spa treatments very often, and have pristinely maintained feet.  Seriously, my guy's feet are super soft.  The plastic gloves were so loud, crunchy crinkle noises the whole time, not relaxing!So the two ladies continue to fight between eachother, Shorts lady only interjecting in English to tell me that my "leg so soff" multiple times.  It was creepy.  Plus she used her fingernails to stroke my legs up to my knees.  The worst part of all of this is they only massaged from the toes to the knees.  No hands, no shoulders, nothing.  After all was said and done, Shorts removes her gloves and runs her hands up my calf with her bare hands because they're "so smoove"Hands down worst reflexology massage, ever.  At least we escaped for less than $100My advice, unless you're a fan of brothels, don't bother!  I wish they would just license these places as brothels and keep massage's name out of the equation.This is such a horrible place that I can't even give it ONE star!!! Today was my second time in my entire life (Not like I'm old or anything but you get the point), that I had to come here regarding a stray dog. I know it's the day before Thanksgiving, yeah, I get that, but what does that mean to the poor and homeless white husky that's panting uncontrollably and whimpering to no end in the back of my work vehicle? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING! However, when I arrive on scene and there is no concern for him or his well being I really have to ask why is it that you applied to work here in the first place? I mean, I'm not asking for you to show top notch customer service like I experience in the ladies room at a night club, (oh come on, we all know those ladies in the bathroom are awesome!) I'm asking you to give me advice on where to take him since your facility is obviously ill equipped to take in any more animals? The whole idea of me jumping out of my car and running in and out of traffic almost getting hit and picking up this big husky baby into my car is that I wanted to save his life! So when your staff suggests that I call animal control or take him to Mojave and Charleston to Lied animal shelter, which is basically death row for animals, I guess you kind of missed the whole point , didn't you?? After over an hour I found a wonderful veterinarian called West Flamingo animal hospital, which I will be transferring all of my pit bulls to after the holidays, and they have the kind of hearts I was looking for. They took him in without hesitation and lovingly took care of him. Thank you W.F.A.H. Which is on Flamingo and Lindell if any of you are looking for a wonderful and caring Vet. I will end on this note: To the "gentleman" who came out to check if my stray dog was chipped, please take the chopsticks out of your hair! They're to be used for other things like...oh, I don't know... FOOD, maybe?!?! Ghee Whiz!Tried to adopt a cat and Debra refused to let me because she didn't think I was a "good fit" to adopt and needed my mother to come in even if I'm 25 years old with my own lease. Little does she know I have two rescue cats and am more than financially stable to care for them. One was adopted with ring worm and was treated under my care and expense. Both of my girls are spayed, vaccinated, healthy and treated better than the average human. They tend to forget about their animals care and need here because I look young and assume I can't take care of a cat and judge by my age appearance. What kind of animal sanctuary is this? By far the worst place I've ever been.  I asked to speak with someone else and said the person I'm talking to is just a volunteer and didn't matter. The director said there was no problem with me adopting, but her pride and attitude created arguments with her own staff. I don't recommend this place at all if you are a true animal lover.Most unprofessional experience. My dog has an absess nearly the size of a tennis ball in his cheek only a week after adoption. I'm afraid its an allergy or infection. Of course Im worried and eager to get him checked out. I call at 9am saturday to make an appointment for 2pm. I canceled my important plans in Orange county, CA for his appointment only to be called at 1:50 being told they must cancel and I can reschedule if I want. No I do not want to reschedule my dog needs attention now! For animal loving people they sure neglected mine and this late in the afternoon I've been unable to find any openings thanks to their minimal notification.The operator Tami didn't seem at the least apologetic and in a sensitive matter like this a new animal parent would have liked at least some guidance or a suggestion of where I could take him same day.Hi There, I took my dog to Dewey because that's where I adopted him from and they're close to my home. My dog got into a fight with another dog during our morning walk and got a nip on his chest that required him to have two staples , antibiotics and pain meds. I was told to bring him back in 14 days to have the staple removed, I paid $103 for the service and was told that the removal of the staples were included in the $103.Well upon me returning to have the staples remove, during check out they told me that todays service charge would be $26.00,I reminded the lady that I was told by the vet that the removal of the staples were included, and she told me, that thet vet who performed the initial procedure was not working today, and that the only way that I would not be charged is if the same vet removed the staples...That's absurd, I could not believe what I was hearing, If you take your dog there for anything make sure that you get in writing everything pertaining  to the follow up visit.I called 3 other Veterinaries and they all told me that removal of staples should have been included in the initial procedure price...So Beware of Dewey Veterinary Medical Center, they are very unethical...UPDATE 4/26/2016: THEY DESERVE NEGATIVE STARS. WORSE THAN THE FIRST REVIEW.We went to the front desk to return one of the creams that isn't useful. The cream my mom had was working better than what the vet gave.Not enough we lost money and we took the time to come back here to return the cream, a different girl named Heather screamed at us and almost got up to attack us like a wild animal. She caused a major scene. She needs severe anger management. I believe she knows how she is at fault because she said "No one forced you to pay against your will or to take the medication." THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT THE YOUNG GIRL WITH THE BLACK HAIR DID! By taking my money upfront and making me use it towards medicine without my permission is ILLEGAL!!! You didn't ask if I could afford $72 for medication! That is called being a THIEF!!They are thieves and have the worst attitudes and customer service ever. I'm sure if other people were around besides the employees, all the customers would go away and never look back. __________________________________________________________________________

I would suggest just getting a drink and checking out the restaurant, and memorabilia ( which by the way is all out dated!!)BAD BAD choice if u go to vegas.The decor is pretty cool but the food was... utterly REVOLTING!!! My friend who went with me actually couldn't stomach it cuz it tasted so terrible. Please for your own good, avoid this place at all costs. Even if you're starving....Let's just cut to the chase: Don't come here. Overpriced, awful food, and the absolute worst service I've had in recent memory--and that isn't hyperbole. After the entire table received refills of iced tea, the people who ordered water still hadn't received one. So I politely went over to ask for refills, and the waitress, apparently annoyed that I asked her to do her job, didn't say anything, slammed the cups on the counter, filled them, and slammed the pitcher back on the counter. That was our exchange. The food was overcooked, and our server--Rihannor or something, must have not put in the orders right because almost everyone got something wrong. Please, avoid this place and help put it out of business where it belongs.I have no idea why we ended up eating here! We had been walking around for hours trying to find a place to eat lunch and we thought it would be a pretty neat spot to eat. The food was TERRIBLE!!!!!!! I cannot express to you how horrible this food was. I ordered the portobello burger and the portobello tasted old and had the consistency of a tire. The bun it was on was that overly processed white bread that you buy at the store for 99 cents a loaf. My friend ordered the chicken tenders and I thought mine was bad! It tasted like they pulled them out of the back of the freezer after sitting there for about a year. I have no idea what the seasoning was on them but that was awful too. We dined with 2 other people and their food wasn't any better. For all 4 of us, with one drink each and a meal, we walked out of there $110 poorer. I would have been happier to have lost that in one bet at the roulette table. And to top it off we all felt sick to our stomachs about an hour later. Long story short, I would never eat here again even if somebody paid me to.Do not eat here if you have taste buds.

Wanna sit with your laptop? Think again, all their outlets are conveniently not working for months now, according to the barista, which I've asked after trying 5 different outlets to finish my work email before my computer died on me (why fix it when it makes people stay longer).

I dined with a group of friends at the Up restaurant.  We were all disappointed in the quality and quanity of the food.  I informed the waiter that I was disappointed and he was going to inform the manager.The waiter nor the manager ever came to the table to hear my compliant.  If they hadn't added the tip to the bill he would have never had received one.  Everyone complained about the portions and the service.  I ordered a salad for my dinner and you would swear it was a child's portion that was over priced.  The group of twelve left hiungry and very dissatified.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone,  You're better off going to the Red Lobster.Brunch buffet was a complete disappointment. Arrived at 2PM with still an hour and a half left and most of the offerings were completely gone, everything was very messy, and no one was really tending to the buffet.I went to Up tonight with a couple of friends just to have an above average meal to celebrate the start of spring break.  Being 7:00PM on a Sunday, we were the only ones in the restaurant.  Based on the appearance of the restaurant, I was hoping of a nice dinner.  I ordered the Braised Chicken Orzo, despite really wanting the Short Rib Gnocchi which they unfortunately said they were not offering that night.  Overall, my dish was extremely salty, in fact it was so salty that I couldn't even finish it.  The service was fine, however the food was a GIANT let down.  Being a college student, I am disappointed that I had to spend a descent amount of the my little money on salt in a bowl.I ate there on the day it opened for business and the food was horrible. The chicken was so dry and tough I couldn't get it off the bone. The pizza was bland, and the rest of the food lacked the seasoning and flavors I look for in Mediterranean food. I suggest you look elsewhere for something to eat! I'm sorry that the Asian food is gone. If I could give this place a zero star, I would! Crappy, crappy food, waitstaff didn't really care (took a couple of minutes for them to seat us), seemed like the A/C wasn't working, and who wants to walk through a Hookah lounge to get to a restroom that had a really bad smell! STAY AWAY!!!!! A REAL ZERO STAR RESTAURANT!!!!!I really wanted to like this place... My partner and I were thrilled to see a Mediterranean Buffet open in Central Phoenix... a food type that has been sadly overlooked in this part of town.  We saw the sign and went in hoping for the best.We were the only customers, though another couple did come in, look at the buffet, and leave.  The food was mediocre, but I do have to say the potatoes and the tabouleh were both very good.  Most of the other food looked like leftovers from lunch or the day before.  Owners - if you are reading this, you still have some great potential with this place.  Here is what you have to do if you want my business again:

Simple!!!

Carlsbad, CA

This crap is already horrifically unhealthy but to not get what you ordered? U acceptable.I know McDonald's is not the best place to go eat but this location is the worst. It's almost like they try to mess up your order.The works Mickey ds I been to . The cashier screw up my order and my eggmcuffin was not even cooked .Went in for my regular 6 piece chicken nugget combo and when I received my order the fries were horrific and tasted even worse. When I took the bag back in expecting new fries one of the shift managers assume actually had the mind to tell me their grease was bad today but would I like to order anything else!!! Ugh hell no I don't want anything else but my money back!!! I advise anyone in the area to drive a little farther when seeking McDonalds because I personally will no longer be a customer.What a joke. Always a limited menu and 6 hrs out of the day it's Cash Only. The worst McDonalds located anywhere. Food is never right and it's useless to even try.First - We did reserve our 16' moving truck late so there were few possibilities within a sane driving range to choose from. After an hour of online searching we decided on this Budget even though it was way over-priced. Compare:Budget 16' - $109 daily / .99 per mile

Station sign and coversabsolutely horrible prices. 2 eggs biscuits and gravy hashbrowns, bacon and coffee $14.73

Honestly, for the $200 it costs to stay there, you would think they could improve the smell in the hallways too.This hotel deserves a 0. But since that is not an option its getting a 1. I was gonna be a guest at the hotel for an amazon conference and when i could not pay for the room cause my cards are froze. The cards can have 1 million bucks on them but if theyre froze its not gonna work. I was escorted off property like a criminal and that is something i did not appreciate at all. I can still attend the amazon conference which is cool. Peoples cards are declined for more then just money. They can be froze, expired, etc. Not all declines are money related. Its about high time people realizes that.I stayed here a year ago at the same time and my stay was fine so I made a reservation to stay here again this year. My mistake was assuming that the situation for moving guests from floor to floor would be one capable of accommodating guests on a busy weekend. Apparently this is not a given in this industry as half of their elevators are inoperable leaving only 2 elevators in operation. If you are an extremely patient person that does not mind spending a considerable amount of time (5-10 minutes) waiting for a car every single time you want to use it between 9 am and 9 pm, and then stopping at every single floor to pick up another person who also waited 5-10 minutes for their ride, you should be fine. I'm not that person. Timely elevator travel should be a given in a world where you pay $10 per day for internet and $30 per day to park.  I'm told this situation will not be rectified until some time in September. Had I known this I would have chosen another place to stay. They do not make this clear at reservation time and they only tell you this after you have gone through the check in process when they hand you your key. It's sort of an "oh, yeah. About the elevators....." afterthought. For future visits I'll be exploring the other options in the area.I can not recommend staying here. Only two of four elevators are working. If you are here for a conference, plan on waiting 30-45 minutes to get to your room. Even under ideal conditions, it'll take 5-10 minutes to get an elevator. Another Yelp review from 4 months ago said they were working on the elevators back then and would be ready by fall. Well it's fall and they're still not working!Malindas...basement...Oh no. Waste of time in line. Trying to be a speak easy. Sorry. No.  Go across the street to valley bar.  #ima3rd generationnativeHorrible service and cold food. I had such high hopes for this place cause fuego tacos is so amazing. We will never go here again.This place was pretty close to horrible. The food wasn't bad, although they drench everything in sauce, covering up the flavor of anything the meat/fish could taste like (maybe on purpose). Not to mention their food is overpriced for the quality & venue ambiance. Our waiter was one of the worst I've encountered. He should probable change occupations soon. he was lacking customer service & a personality. Autozone may be a better fit. My girlfriend asked our choices of sides and his response was "they're listed on the menu". Wow. He also treated us like criminals because we had a groupon. He didn't want to let me see my bill and once I seen it I noticed he charged me full price for my drink purchased during happy hour and said it was bc I used a groupon.... Although my entrée alone covered the $30 groupon...?? Felt like punishment. Lol. They also don't serve tacos after 6pm, weird! Oh, & the restroom

I had singles for tip and would have been more generous on the next visit.What I got was "sorry" and a blank stare..... after asking two more times how they want to handle it and getting the same  "sorry" and a blank stare,I offered to go to an nearby ATM and get cash.That was ok with them, but they wanted collateral to ensure my return.So I left collateral, drove to an atm (paid $3 atm) and returned to pay the bill.THEN I got "thank you goodnight" without returning my collateral.So I politely asked for its return.

Will blow all cirque soleil away, yes even OBy far, the most boring show ever produced. The story was confusing and unclear. The performers seem to be half-assing their way through the show, which I can't blame them... I would be too if I had to work in such a lame production. Not worth free tickets so don't waste your money on buying any.Awful show. I had free tickets, glad we didn't pay. We have seen 6 cirque shows and this by far was the worst. Save your time and money.I got the best/ most expensive nap of my life during this show... I haven't drooled like that in years :) I seized about halfway through when I realized ISIS was the main performer .... Btw anyone who gave this a good review is meth addict :(I was really bored!! Some parts were slightly entertaining. It was a very expensive nap. I would not recommend this to anyone at the current cost, I might pay 20.00 to see it if there was nothing on TV. My favorite part was when it was over.I can only hear maybe 2 clappings throughout the whole show. Even the funny scenes, only some very awkward laughter from the audience. I guess we are not the only one that thought it is the most boring show ever.The MGM double sold the same seat, one of our seats, and the other person who bought that same seat was rude about it, so we had a very bad experience as a result. The worst part, however, is that their customer service was extremely poor. The young man on the computer had no idea about how to handle anything other than calling a supervisor, which is fine, except that that young woman was short of a witch, ever since she step out of her office (before we had a chance to explain anything). She went as far as to saying that the other people's tickets were probably counterfeit. Fortunately, those people came to complain too. Even then, however, she only managed to get our info down stating that we would be contacted later. This happened last Saturday, and we still have not been contacted.By far the worst cirque de soliel show I have ever seen. Boring story line and very few impressive acts. It's sad because I'm sure the performers are very talented but they literally have no opportunity to showcase their talent because the show is so boring with so many acts with nothing going on except people standing on stage not doing much. Very disappointed.If i could give a negative review i would.  Worse las vegas show ever.  If u r expecting flips and circus style acrobatics, this is not for u.This is the worst cirque show I've seen. I waited the whole show to see the cirque style acrobats but it never came.  Too many lame fight scenes. I've seen O before and I should have just gone back to see that again. Don't waste your money on this one.UGH to KA...

RUDE

So many Chinese restaurant in Vegas why we need to take that kind of hassle when we come here ? Go to KJ  kitchen , much betterTypical chinese restaurant, medium size of restaurant so many guest but only 2 servers. Only 1 who take orders. The wait for the food is pretty long. When I asked the server, about the food, she didn't bother to respond. Food finally came after 35 min uses of waiting. Food is typical chinese nothing special.Alright.. i got to ADD to my review. This written 7 hours later. I got sick right after I was out from this restaurant. In fact, my tummy was not feeling great while I was eating my lunch. therfore I didn't finish my food then. Both my son and I got stomach ache. I almost vomit in front of my car and try to stay positive about it (thinking can not be from this restaurant) but after 7 hours, I must said got to be some fish filled or shrimp that I ate, they may not be fresh. Overall, this restaurant is not worth it, bad service and bad food. Too bad I have to take one star out of my review.I was with my friends karaoke last night and afterwards we got hungry and this is the only place near that's open that late at night. There were few tables still eating, not too busy, But waitress is rude, I'd give no star for service if I could. Food is fairly reasonable price, taste like any other Cantonese that's around. Don't expect any service, I'd suggest order take home.Brother was eating here and told me to order me a take out.  Plastic string is in my food. This  is the second time finding shit in my food.  Eatters beware.So I've been here twice.. But my review is based off my most recent visit which was Sunday night We got there with a complete group of 8 and granted it was a busy night for them. But there were still tables vacant. We stood at the front of the door way for about 15-20mins before I got frustrated enough to go up to someone and ask when would we be seated. There also was another group of 4 waiting to be seated. I'm not trying to sound like there was a cultural preference... But while still waiting to be seated... Another group of 7 arrived (Chinese) and started talking to someone in Chinese about getting seated I'm assuming and they started to walk them to a table BEFORE SEATING US!!!  So I said EXCUSE ME!! And put a stop to that quick. So finally after getting seated... It was about 20minutes before anyone came to take our order. Again granted it was busy... But that should be no excuse. And remember that 7 person group that was Chinese trying to skip us... They ordered before us... And their food came out before anyone even came to get our order!! I HAD TO GO UP AND GET SOMEONE AGAIN to come to our table, take our food and drink order. They didn't even get our drink order... They had only served us hot tea. I was LIVID. We kept seeing others people food come out before ours and my patience was running thin. I promise you it was almost 45 before we GOT UP AND LEFT!! We were able to get two sodas and they were asking US TO PAY FOR THE SODA! And I had to tell them that is BS and it should be on the house!! We even ordered soup- THAT COULDA BEEN THE FIRST THING TO COME OUT!!! But NOTHING!! For 45mins!! Bad form and unacceptable! My parents were livid and my mother even started a mild fight with the manager on the absolute HORRIFIC service we received!! The first time we went we brought them big business!! 33 people!! And the food was actually good and decent. And obviously our food didn't come all out at the same time but one at a time. - that's how it shoulda been on Sunday! They coulda given us the dam soup first at least I PROMISE YOU we are NEVER going back to this establishmentdeserves no stars!!! tried to go to today but it was closed due to 50 demerits of infestation!!! stay away!!!!!Server was nice but she was spread way too thin which = bad service

3 hours !!

*My floor mats still had mud on them

Perhaps you have forgotten the "bad" haircut you came in with and wanted "fixed" ?

This restaurant is unbelievable I go to this restaurant to order hamburgers and french fries it took 10 minutes for the waitress to come back to tell me there out of ground-beef REALLY & offers  Me to order  a hot dogs instead and it took 10 minutes  to figure out that you don't have any more ground meat in your establishment a hamburger place???I went here with my family. Never again.  We placed our order and my portion of the order was completely omitted.  They offered to prepared portion of the order for an additional wait.  I declined.  The invoice was not comped either.  Drinks were not refilled timely.  Never again.  Heed this warning stay away.  They get one star for having an operators license.We came here on the recommendation of a friend who saw it featured on the Food Network.  When we got there, the place was full, and the waitress told us that there was one group of 4 in line in front of us and she didn't know how long it would be. Kind of annoying, but we were willing to be patient even though we were starving (note, we came here post-half marathon, so we may have been a little hangry).We found 4 stools at the bar, and the customers at the bar were willing to shuffle a little to let us sit down there, but once we sat down, the waitress behind the bar told us that the group at one of the booths were leaving and we could sit there.  We sat, and the other waitress came over and scolded us for sitting! The other group that "was in front of us" was nowhere to be found, otherwise we would have just stayed at the bar.We ordered. Then waited. And waited. And waited. Over an hour and a half passed, and we still had no food, no apps. We all ordered water to drink, so that's  all we had, The only good part is that the waitress did come refill our waters fairly regularly. We watched a few other tables get their food, only to see that the order was completely wrong, and one table just left money for their apps and left after 2 wrong orders served.Finally, we called the waitress over so we could ask about how much longer it would be, since we were starving! She said she had no idea, and didn't even offer to check to see if our orders had been started. She just offered to cancel them, so we did and left.So, hugely disappointing.  We didn't even get to try the fried pickles. I guess if you have plenty of time to wait, this would be ok, but for burgers and fries...? Not worth it.So I am sad to write this review but my wife and I just had the worst food and service at the Penguin. For such an iconic venue and reputation for good food it doesn't make sense to have to wait one (1) hour for two burgers and fries. There were three tables that sat down after us, got their food and left before we got our food. The bergers were fair at best and the fries raw and full of grease. We have too many berger choices to waste time here again. I guess the 3 stars is as good as it gets for the Peguin.This place used to be great until the owners got greedy and started making some bad decisions. The food and staff that made the Penguin a great place took their recipes to the Diamond (now the superior diner in Plaza Midwood). What the Penguin is now is a substandard diner with poor quality food and service. It surprises me that they're still open. I think the only reason they are is because of the non locals that still come because of their earlier reputation.First of all, burgers have buns, not toasted white bread. 2 out of 4 orders were wrong toppings. No refills on drinks, never once asked how the food was, and it took 45 minutes to get us 4 orders. What the hell has this place become?Well I was very disappointed with our visit here. Granted they were busy on a Sat afternoon but come on, an hour and half to get appetizers and after two hours we gave up on our entrees. THE KICKER WAS THE TABLE NEXT TO OURS WAS SEATED AN HOUR AND FORTY FIVE MINS AFTER US AND GOT THEIR FOOD IN 15 MINS! We asked for our check which they could not produce so our two apps and shift drinks were gratis.Won't be back, the apps were good but not worthy the trouble.Must have been there the same time as Randy T. We got the same excuse, the first appetizer we got was wrong so it took 30 more minutes to get the right order. Never got our food, after two hours we have up and marked this place off out bucket list. The saving grace was they couldn't find our ticket so was free.The only reason I rated this place one star at all because the waitress was so sweet. She was very nice. But the food... was greasy and gross. I am very dissatisified. I have the grilled cheese which appears to have been made with wonderbread and kraft chese, with grease coated fries. Everything is fried and hard to swallow. No sodas (which did not bother me because I do not like soda, but it is unusual) , and no milk/lemonade, and you are served in plastic cups... I come for good food and a nice resturaunt experience. Only plus is the waitresses are darlings... Do. Not. Eat. Here. If. You. Love. Your. Body.Soooo disappointed!!!  Took some friends who had never been and it was terrible!!  $83 for 2 adults and 3 kids and almost 2 hours waiting for food!  Service was terrible!!  They were out of chicken, juice, tea, lemonade and half the menu.  Cooks looked like they were cooking but NO food was going to tables!  They didnt even comp our apps or club sodas for the long wait!!  Seriously, charged us $1.50 for club sodas! Come on!  Get it together!!  Will never go back after that!  DO NOT go here!  There are plenty of amazing restaurants in NODA that deserve your patronage!  This one is not one if them!I am really, REALLY sorry The Penguin seems to have taken such a dive - no pun intended. Went there Saturday: one server, one cook, no french fries, several menu items weren't available. Hot dog was ok, onion rings were pretty much unidentifiable. SAD.This place needs someone to go in, take over and bring it back. This place need some definite love. It couldn't be in a more perfect neighborhood.We were there this weekend. Our order was taken after about 15 minutes!  After 45 minutes and no food, following  two inquires about he status of our order, we left.

That is all...PS. I hate writing 1 star reviews but when its deserved, I rate them appropriately.I've stayed here several times before, but this is the last. When I checked in, the room rate was way higher than what I had agreed to pay when I made the reservation. The manager was unwilling to help and was borderline rude. They don't care about their guests, stay somewhere else.this is very good casino to work for bsides housekeeping deparment i have been working there 3 years never go to lunch very determined to have gurst rooms spotless never been downstairs for any trouble besides now they have jeap me out a days pay most places cut a check or can get it to use asap especially when it ther arror no one in that department cares about the employees when there sick missing pay or even in my situation being evited with four kids bec of payroll lady had a  extra job to do that day and she was fustrauted and behind i hope one day they put there selves in our shoes and fix this problem whem we have a payroll issue some want agree because the have issued checks rite then and there but was not african american and i never play the rasics card but in these case i have to thers no way i sld have to wait two weeks for my money i work hard for 12 chekouts and told everybod higher than me what was going on and im still in this situation with my kiddos god bless you and pray for my family cuss i no you have kids and grandkids think about if it was themOk, where to start.  3 friends and I were in town for a festival and booked a room at Treasure Island hotel via booking.com.  On booking.com, we paid an $20 extra to have the option of selecting a king sized bed or a room with two queens.  We needed two queens because we had a total of four people.  I even specified in the comments section that we absolutely had to have a room with 2 queen beds.      We get there, only to find out that they've taken the liberty of booking us a single king bed despite our requests/reasoning for a double.  Elsi, a front desk rep, proceeded to tell us she would speak to a manager to see what she could do.  In comes the assistant desk manager from Hell, Nichollete Pelcher, riding in on her high horse, letting us know that she will "take care of us" and only charge us an extra $30 a day to upgrade to the two queen beds (even though we had all ready paid the up charge once through booking.com).  I was stuck, I couldn't do anything, I had to pay it or not have a hotel room.  The front desk experience with Elsi and Nichollete was about the worst customer service you can provide and will be the main reason why I'll never stay here again even if I was offered a free visit.

There was no place like a business center to print documents.

2) Bad waitress

But the place is really nice .Let's start with the entrance...I commend you for trying to make the appearance of high class night club...

Every single one of us said we will not be back. Azteca, Don Pedro's and Paco's Taco's are much better! If you know your Mexican food, stay away!Chuy's is loud, crowded with less than mediocre food.  Not a good restaurant for the South Park area with its tacky decor.  It's like a McDonalds playground with kids running everywhere including on top of the walls around the restaurant and fountain.  You can find much better Mexican food anywhere in this area. It's cheap food and I guess that's the draw.  Zink the former upscale restaurant at that location allowed dogs on the patio.  This cheap, tacky restaurant doesn't allow dogs.The remodeling job was excellent, you definately could not tell what it was previously and there were no reminders of zink... that was about it. We went close to their grand opening so it was overly packed... we sat near the bar and had people around us all the time, leaning on our chairs, squeezing by, kids running around the table... we forgave all that since they are new but the food was extremely disappointing. I ordered something that reminded me of Lean Cuisine's Chiken Enchalada Sauza... sadly the LC version is much better than what I received. Hardly any chicken, the chicken had ZERO flavor and NO seasoning.. the sauce was ok.. but that was my entire dish... the hand made tortillas were the main part of the dish... fBF had some massive combo plate... it was basically different meats/lots of cheese/tortillas smothered in sauces.. he said it was ok. We both decided that was our first and last visit. Our impression is if you have kids and want to go out someplace they enjoy and eat the food, this is your place. If you want good tex-mex and to enjoy a meal, this isnot.Tasteless, shapeless generic slop straight off the Sysco truck with a brief stop in a microwave. No Tex and even less Mex.  This is ersatz Mexican food as an aficionado of Wonder bread and Oscar Mayer bologna might envision it.  Complaining about the meager portions would be nonsensical since they spared us further displeasure with the meal.Service was prompt.  Proximity to a mall apparently responsible for a large quotient of babies and toddlers in tow - not exactly the Friday happy hour scene one might expect.  Large fountain just beyond gates also a draw for more hyperactive children who scaled walls, fences and ratcheted up the noise even more - parents couldn't be bothered.This place is the wort.  Staff is friendly and maybe someday will get its act together.  They bill themselves as "world famous" but I have no idea what world they are talking about.  Place is noisy,has created noxious odors throughout the Shops at the Village of SouthPark, has kids that run crazy around the fountain with little or no adult supervision. food is plentiful but also about the worst Tex Mex ever,  Do yourself a favor and run for your life from here.  So many other good places in Charlotte.  One other thing - how the h.. did Simon properties let them get away with the totally obnoxious pink exterior that is totally out of place in the Village.  Somebody needs their head examined.  Avoid this place at all costs!!!!!!My family recently decided to try out this new Mexican restaurant. The chips and salsa were only ok, not fantastic. Sadly, the food was very poor. Nothing special about the dishes we ordered. Our server disappeared for quite some time and we were left thirsty while we waited. We wanted some more chips and my son finally went to get them for us.I faced some challenges since I was a vegan/vegetarian and asked for the vegetable burrito without the tortilla. The quantity of vegetables was tiny and I left hungry. One son ordered a combination platter of a variety of offerings. He did not enjoy any of them. The best part was that this place was close to home so there wasn't a long drive and the drink special was a margarita. I think the drink price was good.We do NOT want to ever return. My older son said that his friends are not picky and love the quantity of food at cheap prices. We are more inclined to eat less and prefer tasty food.Oh, I almost forgot, they have very creative ceiling details and strange paintings of dogs everywhere too.Here's the deal-- this place wants to be authentic like the one in Austin. And it's authenticity doesn't fit for that large a footprint in South Park. The service was average, food was average, salsa's tomatoes were less than red and the guacamole was half lettuce. In general I try to be a positive person and I want businesses to be successful and maybe this will be but enter with a note of caution. They're trying really hard to be unique except what makes things unique in food-- service, quality, speed-- weren't there.Should have gone with my guy instincts for chains...food is terrible.  It's probably a good place to bring your family if you a bunch of little ones.  They'll blend tight in with the other screaming and yelling ones running wild.Horrible service, horrible food. Bad experience. So basic! The decor is nice which is why they get the one star but the waiter was rude. The food tasted horrible! The beef taco carbon or whatever was horrible don't get it. The pancho nachos suck. The only good thing is the salsa and the creamy jalapeño.I tend to err on the side of, "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all..." but my kids insisted that I write this place up. Five of us popped in for an early dinner on a weeknight. The colors are a little overwhelming at first but I'm ok with tacky if the food is good. Which it's not. At all. My kids sat down and were munching on the tortilla chips when I asked for the gluten-free menu. My waitress returned with a menu that says, "NOT GUARANTEED ... Gluten-free menu." What the heckity heck does that mean? As I scanned down the list, I could have one menu item, no sauce. Regardless of whether or not you are gluten-free, the fact that everything on their menu contains gluten in some form or other - rice, sauces, sides - is a pretty big indicator that you are getting absolutely nothing fresh. Except avocado. I could have a freshly pitted avocado for dinner. As my kids were about to munch into some tortilla chips the waitress casually mentioned ... "The chips aren't gluten-free either." Sooo... I think we're done here. I had heard such rave reviews from friends in other cities with Chuy's that I was really excited to give this a try. The price point is lower for a reason. I will stick with my slightly more expensive, but way better quality, local joints when I crave some TexMex.Service was horrific.  We couldn't get napkins without begging.  I ordered Fajitas and waited at least 10 minutes after they were delivered to get a plate to eat from.  The chips are really thin.  The house salsa was way too lemony.I am amazed that this is a successful restaurant.I'm from texas and am tough judge of texmex.  The charro beans were the best I've had in Charlotte.  Only place I've had really good tortillas but they had way too much flour covering them.I don't know why people like this place. There wasn't anything wrong with the service but the food was awful. Very weird... Especially the salsa and sauces.Came here for a bite to eat at about 3 in the afternoon. It was pretty crowded considering the time. I can't imagine the crowds it likely draws in during peak hours. You may want to avoid coming during meal "rush hours". Anyway, we arrived and had to wait about two minutes to be seated. I can't complain though, since we had a large party.  But given the time, I'd expect it would take a bit less time than that. After the brief wait, we were seated and immediately jostled with chip baskets. They were mediocre at best in my opinion, and the salsa was horrendous. They also provided guacamole, though it was a wasted effort considering we had already munched on the majority of the chips. To add insult to injury, the guacamole was topped with tomatoes, which I despise. It's not very considerate of those like me who have no taste for tomatoes. I personally would have put the tomatoes to the side to at least give those dining a choice. The guacamole itself was average. After eating all of the chips, I found myself low on the sprite I had requested. Instead of getting more sprite after being asked if I would like a refill, I was disappointed with water. A bit more waiting and our food finally arrived. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and had already given my silverware to another member at my table since I was expecting to be able to eat utensil-free. But, it was huge and floppy. It would've been nearly impossible to eat neatly without utensils, so it was necessary to get some. The portion was so huge I couldn't even finish it all. It's hard to imagine how somebody could've eaten it in one sitting. It wasn't horrible tasting, but unmemorable. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place unless you haven't eaten for 3 days and are willing to pay for overpriced food that is mediocre or below.WORST TEX-MEX I've ever eaten, and my dinner companion felt the same way. Servers didn't seem very happy, and someone (a fireman) told me that an angry employee put a pot of boiling oil underneath the fire detector which set off the fire alarm which not only emptied every "Village at South Park" shop but also the people who lived in the apartments above them. Apparently they set off that fire alarm numerous times - just an arrogant, badly run establishment with yucky food. Don't waste your money, and if you plan to eat there have a good supply of Pepto Bismol (which was the color of their facade when I went) in your car. Otherwise make sure you're wearing a "Depends" The photo below to the left is VERY HELPFUL as it looks exactly like what you'll see in your toilet bowl later (and it won't take long).We had just returned from out of town and I was craving Mexican but the man wanted to watch the game. We decided to use Eat24 to order Chuys and unfortunately we both agreed we should have starved instead of ordering from them. But to back it up let me mention that I was super excited for my Elvis combo. I wanted to try a little bit of everything with all the meats! I also ordered a soup because I love tortilla soup and I am pretending it is fall already so it is prime soup season! The man ordered a chicken "big as yo' face" burrito.

On the second night the neighbors were fighting and screaming/hitting each other at 3am,called the front desk but nobody picked up the phone.

#nostarsWe stayed at SLS for the week. I have been to Vegas more than a few times. My wife and I wanted to find a local bar not too far from the strip. My wife played 30 fuckin bucks and we didnt get offered one fuckin drink. Then when we asked for one, the guy came around to our machine to check if we were playing, you gotta be fuckin kiddin me, the place smelled like an old bra, never coming back

Completely and thoroughly disappointed.If you don't want to read the rest of this review then just read this: spend your time and money elsewhere! Tried this place out after all the mixed yelp reviews with an optimistic outlook. Sadly, my boyfriend and I were more than disappointed, we were embarrassed. We are both in the industry and try to be forgiving, but I honestly wish I had picked a different place to "treat" him. Service was the absolute worst, with the exception of the assistant server, or possibly busser that offered the most presence at our table. He earns the star. OH, and the lovely hostess in the front, girl has potential for a much better restaurant,  what a warm first impression! Our actual server forgot our drinks, which we didn't get until the main course, and we foolishly ordered 3 (appetizer, salad, main), which was the only course in which he happened to check back on us. As he had been taking our order, the manager was so unprofessional, he walked up behind him to tell him something as we're trying to order! The food was bland and tired: fried calamari,  sad salads not worth mentioning, I got a ravioli dish that I'd rather forget,  and the osso bucco that my boyfriend ordered may have been good, but I honestly can't remember beyond the rest of the experience. I always feel such guilt after leaving a bad review, but I wish I had gone somewhere else.I went here this past December for a holiday party. For the most part, the food was good. The food runners were impressively attentive and friendly. However, the waitress ruined the entire experience. She was one of the most rude servers I've ever come across. I understand that holiday parties cause stress and often lower payouts, but that does not excuse screaming at patrons to the point of embarrassment simply because they caught her attention at a bad time. She mixed up several orders at our table and was annoyed rather than apologetic when we brought it up. Overall she had a very bad attitude that ended up ruining what would otherwise have been a great night.The place does not know how to cook a well done steak.  Ordered steak well done.  Waiter brought steak to table within 5 minutes.  I cut into it and blood just oozed out of it.  After several attempts on trying to get waiter's attention, I finally gave up and called the gentleman who sat us.  He took the steak back to kitchen and came back 7 mins later.  Although the steak was at least not oozing blood out of it it was still very pink in the middle and I was not able to eat it.  Left about 75% of steak.  You would think that a place that is charging $30 for an 8oz steak would know the difference between well done and medium rare.My wife and I had planned on a trip to JW Marriott in Las Vegas for Valentine's weekend for more than a month in advance. One of our favorite things on our trip to JW is Spiedini, as we've always enjoyed the food and atmosphere. I called ahead and talked to Avana to make a Valentine's Night dinner reservation, and asked her if we could use the Restaurant.com coupon and if the regular menu would be offered. She wasn't sure, so she put me on hold to check with the manager. She came back and said that we could use the coupon and that the regular menu would be in effect. Lo and behold, we stopped in the bar about a half-hour prior to our dinner reservation to have a couple of drinks and saw that there was a special Valentine's menu. I asked if the regular menu would be available and the manager said no. While there are a couple dishes that we tend to order off the regular menu, we decided to deal with it. When our table was ready, we figured we had better make sure again that the coupon would be accepted; and the manager said no. I told him that I had called a month before to make a reservation and that I checked with Avana if the coupon would be accepted on Feb 14 and she said it would be. He replied with only an apology with no other consideration. We were very disappointed and left the hotel to eat elsewhere. While we really love JW overall, a big reason we come so often is because of Spiedini. Now we're not so sure.So I was moving into my new apartment in the SW and I wanted to purchase a bed from here. We purchased a bed on clearance and they informed us that ever piece was available and it would be shipped to our new apartment day of move. The big day: everything was going so well and on schedule, cox, rc willey, even LV furniture direct ha! So 2pm arrives, about 3 hours after everything else arrived and no JCpenny. So I decided to call the store, and check to see if they were still coming, because they didn't even care to call the day before to confirm they would be here. So I finally speak to the representative and she tells me that, they will arrive by 5pm. So 530 strolls along, and I get a phone call from the driver stating he was lost, and to tell me that HE DID NOT HAVE MY HEADBOARD TO THE BED! I asked him when should it arrive he stated "I don't know."Really?????? - at this point I told him not to come to my house, I don't want the bed and turn around and take it back. [he didn't like doing all that work, just to turn back around] (well I don't like paying for things and not receiving everything I paid for)  I called customer service and I tried to let them know what happened, but they continued brush me off, and act like whatever. They eventually refunded our money thank god!I will never give them the time of day or night ever again....they are not here for you.Awful experience, contacted and spoke with the regional manager and was told she would call me back with an answer. Never received a call back. This store has MANY personnel problems.Sorry JCP, I can see why your stock is tanking...I shopped at this home depot for two years after moving in to my home near them.  The staff in every department is less than helpful.  It is very dificult to get any of them to help you.  The employees are rude, and if you can get them to help you, their technical knowledge is sub par.  I went to Lowes on Buffalo and Washington, they are both friendly and knowledgable.  I recommend Home Depot train their employees on customer service.In on isle 16 wanting to get a key made... No one is close. I see 3 workers on isle 23 chatting it up having a good time. I see one see me see him see and does nothing about it. I had to get help from the self checkout ladyI'm offering 1 star based on a 'special' Home Depot is offering on flooring installation.  I'm assuming their work/craftsmanship would have been acceptable. I don't know for sure because as much as I wanted to get this project over with, I couldn't bring myself to see this special as anything but a bit 'scam-like' :(

that someone is eating at a restaurant? Luckily, this time the food

Management does not understand the value of client sensitivity and customer service. I promise.Music and atmosphere were nice, We ordered the special 2 cheese enchiladas rice and beans it was 8 dollars. We asked to add chicken the waitress say sure, but that is an extra 2 dollars. We said ok. When we got are order it was like a plate of wet cheese we only found about 1oz of chicken. We could not cut the enchiladas because it was like a bowl of soup. The rice and beans were ok.

Also, there was no one our age here at all. I wish I had known everyone was at least 50 years old. My boyfriend and I (22 and 25) felt very out of place.

Why is this place even open for business?. No where does it say we are open, but you can't shop or buy: we are JUST BUYING!! They have a HUGE sign on the front roof top hanging down that says " now hiring"?..

My sister had been charged for two lunch  'specials' at $7.99.

The entire place is pretty damn filthy. Last time I had lunch here was in 2000, and it doesn't look like they have cleaned since. Whatever you do, don't look under the table!

Criss Angel - aaaahhhhh , yeahhhhhhI still hate myself for not Yelping this show before I bought expensive seats. I researched everything else except this, what a mistake. Just like everyone says the show is mostly dancing with easy trap door tricks. It was so sad because Cris tries so hard to get excitement from crowd and you almost feel forced to clap a little when he asks for them. Every trick was obvious and not special at all. If it wasn't for the cool looking shirt i bought later on this whole show would have been a total waste of time. Save your money.What a horrible show!  The real magic is the fact that this show hasn't shut down yet.  I mean, c'mon Criss you must be able to do something other than yell into a mike about drunk people (who clearly aren't drunk) and pulling doves out of your sleeves.  Also you need to work on the transition between your one or two "tricks."  They were so obvious and BADLY done.  Also enough of the weird rabbits...they couldn't even dance in sync.  And Cirque du Soleil -- you just ruined your reputation by joining forces with this faker.  Where were the great acrobatics, the beautifully designed costumes, or anything resembling a Cirque du Soleil show.  Criss made inappropriate comments, is clearly full of himself (err full of shit), and the show was a waste of my time, money,was boring and lame.  Seriously, this show sucked!!If I could leave less than one star, I would.  I have seen magic shows and I have seen Cirque shows and this show had no magic and no cirque.  I want my money back.  People actually left the show early and the girl sitting next to me fell asleep.  Criss Angel talks too much and doesn't really do any magic.  He disappears in a puff of smoke and pulls some pigeons out of a scarf.  How original.  Save your money or blow it on slots, but don't blow it on this show.This was the WORST SHOW EVER.  Given that I'd seen it, even if they were having a free showing of it, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, much less suggest they pay anywhere near $100 per ticket.I knew how each of Criss Angel's "tricks" were done-- I'm not exaggerating.  The whole first hour of this "show" was of him screaming and jumping around like a hyped-up lunatic at us, yelling out "YOU DRUNK PERVERTS!!!!!"I swear he had at the VERY least two people hired to sit in the audience-- I won't get into the specifics, in case anyone here wishes to waste the time and money to see this crap.I saw Mystere and it was at least 9.9x10^99999999999999999 times better than this.  We were debating which show ("O" "KA" or .... this) to watch, and blindly chose this because it was significantly cheaper and matched our time slot.  I wish we just bought more tickets to Mystere.DON'T WATCH THIS.  Unless you have a ridiculous obsession with Criss Angel (and even then, you might quickly lose it), you have money and time to burn, you're a drunken pervert, or whatever your deal is, then MAYBE.. just MAYBE you might not completely regret sitting through this (but you still won't enjoy it).I wish I would have remembered to Yelp this before I took my whole family to watch it.. UGH!Also.  In case you're wondering where the Luxor is, it's near Mandalay Bay, which is a little over a mile from Bally's/Bellagio/Paris/Flamingo's/etc.I would like to know in what state the people that gave more than 1 star for this show was in when they watched this horrible show.  Apparently the people that did give this show a 1 star were in their normal state and people that gave a 5 star or even LOVE the show were a tad bit confused???  I think this show takes up space in LUXOR and they should get rid of this show NOW but too bad they have a 5 year contract with Criss Angel...Criss Angel, you are wasting everyone's time with your catastrophic show. The show consisted of bad magic, with twisted bunnies hopping around and gyrating unimpressive dancers. It was so horrendous I wish I could explain my dissatisfaction, but sadly, I don't know how I can say anything else.Chris Angel starts off by trying to amp up the crowd. When he asked if we were ready for a great show, all you could hear were crickets. He asked a again and a small part of the audience chirped in out of pity. Sad, sad indeed. His magic was atrocious and so predictable. It is so obvious how all the magic tricks are done and that to me was a disappointment. I was expecting some crazy stuff but all I got was a bunch of bunnies and parlor magic. I just happened to have comp tickets and couldn't refuse a free show in Vegas. I would have never paid any sort of money to support this arse. I think people are going to see just how bad this show really is. Well I suppose he has a nice niche of idiots, including myself, to go see his gloriously crappy show. Guy (Cirque owner) must be supremely disappointed with his Cirque name to be attached to Criss Angel. Business people make mistakes, and this is definitely one of them.I thought the show was terrible.  Criss's persona and crass interaction with the crowd didn't mix well at all with the cirque du soleil vibe.  Criss should really stick to television magic.If you can get free tickets, it might be worth seeing... but please don't pay for this.There were 8 of us who were excited to attend the show. Of the 8 of us, only 1 thought the show was just okay and the rest of us were in shock on how the show TOTALLY SUCKED. Some of us even fell asleep a few times.  Thank God we got discount tickets for the show or we would have been more pissed if we spent full price. Yes it was artistic but he rarely touched on magic or mind blowing stunts/tricks, which Criss is well known for. Cris was a total sell out and I've lost respect for him. He used alot of fog machines or turned down the lights then expected that to suffice as a grand illusion. Show was pumped with too much dancing to try to help distract the lame acts and they hired an actress to be a fake audience member as part of the show. Transparent and dumb.  Save your money or go see something else.OMG! SAVE YOUR MONEY! OR USE IT ON THE SLOTS INSTEAD OF THIS SHOW!!!I really wish i would have read reviews before purchasing the tickets. Trust me its not worth it to try to 'see it for yourself' just trust us! i loved his tv show magic tricks on the streets of vegas but this show was ridiculous!From the very beginning we were all looking at each other like "are you serious" it seemed like a joke the way it started, w/ him yelling at the audience about all of us being some drunk perverts and jumping around- how did he convince Vegas to give him a show??? maybe they were all drunk perverts when he pitched the idea....???

1. Each row can be up to 160 seats, with no break in the center for exits. If you need to excuse yourself, you'd have to climb over 80 people in the dark. I'll wait until intermission.

Felt sick after eating there.

After all that they get my order wrong. Waste of time. Not going back.I didn't have the best experience with Rachel. There are a few things that happened that rubbed me the wrong way. I had my hair blonde but was going to gradually go darker. I specifically told her I didn't want a bold change and didn't want to be shocked. I asked her to do an all over color including roots. She took that to mean color the rest of my hair the same color as my roots (darkest brown). My hair was almost black and I told her that wasn't what I asked for but she didn't seem to care because she didn't offer to fix. I feel she didn't listen to me even when I brought in a picture she still didn't get it. Also one time she cancelled an appointment with me 15 minutes before my appointment and I had already driven 30 minutes out of my way so lost a full hour in traffic. I understand things happen so I was more than willing to give her another chance. Another time when bleaching my hair she left a ribbon or line on the top of my head although that she was willing to fix. All in all it wasn't worth the money and drive and I would not recommend.It absolutely breaks my heart to write this review.  After reading all the wonderful reviews, I really wanted dine here.  I love and support local business and was so excited.  I was absolutely disappointed with my experience here.The restaurant itself is adorable.  It is cozy, allows a lot of natural lighting, and quaintly decorated.  I was so excited to be there.The service was absolutely subpar.  Our server (I never got her name because she never introduced herself to us) was very impersonal.  Neither of us once got the feeling we were welcomed there or that our patronage was appreciated.  After reading rave reviews about the baked lobster bisque topped with a puff pastry, I was so excited to try it.  I was told there would be a 15 minute wait for it, but good things come to those who wait, right?  My friend ordered the steak pyramid.We drank all our water and our glasses remained empty until the time we got our food.  So, for over 15 minutes we waited with no water to drink while there was only one other couple in the restaurant.  I overheard the other couple trying to order an alcoholic beverage.  The server seemed perplexed as to their own drink menu and the gentleman had to point out on the drink menu what he wanted to order.When our food finally arrived, I still had high hopes.  Here was an opportunity for recovery.  Unfortunately, everything fell flat.  The puff pasty is messy when you break it into the soup.  The flakes kind of fall everywhere.  This wouldn't be a problem, but the soup is served in a little bowl on a little saucer, so pastry flakes went all over the table.  Even my friend's plate seemed too small for his dish and rice (even though he ordered fries) fell on the table.  And I swear neither of us are messy eaters.  We brought to their attention the error in my friend's order and that was remedied, but it felt like we bothered them to get the side we had ordered in the first place. The lobster bisque was just disappointing.  When I think of lobster bisque, I think of creamy, orangey soup with thick chunks of delicious lobster in it.  This bisque was liquidy, greyish orange (there were visible oil beads separated from the rest of the base floating on the surface) with 3 small pieces of lobster in it.  I couldn't bring myself to eat the whole thing.The steak pyramid was just okay.  There were only 3 small pieces of actual steak in the tall pyramid that we determined was primarily made of onion rings. My friend asked for it medium rare.  It was definitely medium well. It looked nothing like the other Yelp pictures. Another disappointment.We were both obviously done dinning for awhile and sat in sheer disappointment as we waited over 10 minutes for our bill.  I still have no idea what our server was doing because as I stated, there were only 2 couples in the restaurant.As a small business, it is imperative to be proactive in customer satisfaction. I know the owners actually read these reviews as I see recovery responses to the negative reviews on here.  But if your employees actually paid attention to your customers while they were at the restaurant, it would never get to this point.The service absolutely needs refinement.  I am not expecting to be catered to, but I expect to be treated with respect and as though I am appreciated as a customer.  Never once did our server "talk" to us or even ask how we were doing.  And the food was not very good either.  I am so disappointed, I will not be back and would never recommend anyone to dine here.I had a bit of a dreadful, awkward experience here.  I'd wanted to try this spot for awhile and when a Groupon popped up, I finally had my chance.I went for dinner and we ordered the Macaroni el Forno (macaroni, bechamel and meat sauce), lobster bisque, and sweet potato fries.  Yes, random, I know.Anyways, shortly after ordering, I noticed that the happy hour menu was still in effect.  I wanted to order a glass of wine and we asked the waiter/owner if we could order it since it was 5:58 (happy hour ended at six).  Thus began the Bon Chef happy hour wine inquisition.  First, although we told the waiter it was 5:58, the waiter didn't believe us and then left the table to go confirm the time.  Okay, fine, whatever. Then, when he came back he told us, in a really rude way, that we couldn't order the wine because we had a Groupon.  Considering we had already ordered MORE than the value of the Groupon, I found this excuse to be B.S.  But, it really wasn't worth it to get "into it" over a $3 glass of wine.  However, I would never, ever, EVER recommend this place for happy hour because they seemed determined to prevent people from ordering from that menu. From then on, we just wanted this whole experience to be over.The food, unfortunately, did not make up for the awkward atmosphere.  The sweet potato fries were pretty limp and mushy.  The Macaroni el Forno, their "signature dish," was boring and tasted a bit like Hamburger Helper.The most disappointing of all was the lobster bisque.  Maybe I'm spoiled from all the lobster bisques I've had on the East coast, but, wow, this was bad. One tiny, tiny piece of lobster, nothing else, and a weird flavor.  It was also the color of liquid garbage.  I would not recommend this to anyone.Topping off this great meal, the waiter demanded to push the "redeemed" button on my Groupon phone app.  Jesus, do I look that untrustworthy/sketchy?  Over it.Great food, horrible customer service!  I purchased a Groupon in June and went there with my husband.  The food was excellent and the waiter was extremely nice and accommodating.  Consequently, I returned and later bought another groupon when they came out in July.  However, the next trip was a complete 180.  I spent about $70 on food and drink for my daughter and myself.  When ready to leave, I presented the Groupon to our waiter (different waiter, older, some sort of accent).  Evidently he pushed the "redeem" button because he handed the phone back to me with the message, " Are you certain you want to redeem this Groupon."  And, told me there was something wrong with my phone.  I explained it was just prompting us to redeem the Groupon.  He seemed confused, so, I pressed, "Yes."  Unfortunately, he had apparently not written the code down.  Consequently, he told me I could not use the Groupon and accused me, in front of all the other customers, of trying to rip him off by using an expired Groupon.  I was livid because no matter how I or my daughter tried to explain it to him, he would not listen.  I asked to speak with the manager.  However, he told me he was the owner.  At that point, we left and I informed him I would never return.  After we got home, my daughter, still very upset, called to speak with him.  He continued to refuse to listen and offered no solution.  All of this nonsense over a Groupon that would have cost the business $10, since they had already received the $10 I spent on it.  As it turned out, he was not the owner.  The owner called my daughter the next day and apologized, stating that she would make it right.  She suggested I stop payment on the transaction.  However, I was told by the bank that debit transactions cannot be stopped.  I relayed this message to the owner, but have never received a response.  So,  I can only assume that she has no intention of making it right, either   I can't believe any concerned business owner would let an employee  treat customers that way and not make it right.  Bon Chef has lost my family's business and I will not hesitate to inform everyone who asks me about the cafe what my last experience was like.  Bon Chef, "Shame on you!"A newer location amongst the Asian cuisine on St Catherine in the stretch between Guy and Atwater. It has most of what you'd expect for a noodle place on the menu, plus the secret "Chinese" menu written only in Traditional.  It should be noted it is cash only.Unfortunately Becca H has hit the nail on the head with the service issue. My entire meal took north of 90 minutes, frequently having to wave the server, or attempt to get their attention, often to my dismay to have them see it, then immediately look away and dart back to the kitchen.  If it were busy, this might have been more agreeable, but for less than half the tables sat, I felt intentionally ignored.  Foodwise, the place is just OK. There's nothing magical here, there's nothing great, it's cheap, and a you get what you pay for kind of experience. Placing it somewhere above say, fast food, and somewhere below everything else in that area. This one will be a pass for me in the future.Can we give reviews negative stars? Had 2 soups and both tasted like dishwater. Even the Won-Ton soup after dumping half the soy sauce bottle in there tasted flat and bland. The beef Tom Yum has offal in it but wasn't explicit in the menu, thanks for the heads up. Offal ain't for everyone.  The beef in the soup was dry... like what the what what now?Also on this note. If your restaurant has the word NOODLE and CHEF in it, make the noodles, don't bring in manufactured crud. Wooden chop sticks wouldn't hurt either. Picking up dumplings with plastic chop sticks ain't much fun.The restaurant is a fucking mess. We could see a huge pile of garbage in the back. NEVER EVER GO THERE.I love wine and I stopped here to get a good glass of wine, even though I knew it would be pricey.  So I asked the waiter's recommendation and he recommended the red Zinfandel.  I was excited to chill with a tasty glass of wine, but the $14 .00 six ounce glass of wine was bad!  I just spent a weekend in California and spent $4 for a bottle of better wine.  I nicely mentioned that the wine was not good and the waiter said I would have to pay more for a better wine!  Wow, really!  All you glasses of wine should be drinkable!  I am content with two buck chuck and I do not see myself as a wine snob, but this was horrible wine from a WINE bar!  Expected standard!  Even the wine on the plane is better!This space is lovely. The food is terrible.The shrimp ceviche bragged of avocado and jumbo shrimp. The shrimp might have started out jumbo, but they were cooked down to be the size of popcorn shrimp. They were tough and lacked any flavor. What once might have been a sliver of avocado was nothing more than greenish slime in the bottom of the bowl. This dish was mostly just acid sludge.I also ordered the spinach salad. The first thing delivered was an arugula salad. I should have kept that. When the spinach salad came, it was overdressed (again, pure acid) so that the croutons were just soggy flatbread. I had a flight of wine. The Riesling was surprisingly good. Not too sweet. The Sav Blanc was vaguely reminiscent of warm swamp water.Wishing I'd packed a kind bar in my bag. I won't come back to this place. I suggest you not either.Would have loved to try the food and wine but not one person came our way to take our order for 15 minutes after being seated. Was disappointed so we just left.This was a joke. I had one hour to wait between flights and I waited 45 minutes for a glass of wine tonight. it is ridiculous and stupidI would not recommend this restaurant at all.. Got a chicken salad sandwich and it was so blahh. No flavor and I got so much bread it was overwhelming. Service was poor as well, took 15 min for my initial drink of water!I literally just ordered a salad WITH steak, paid $17. I was in a rush to get to my gate so I grabbed the bag she handed me and ran (it took 20 minutes to get my salad). I got to my gate, and there wasn't any steak. I paid an extra $7 for nothing!!! Not to mention I have a 5 hour flight with some lettuce to tide me over! Grrrrrr!What a horrible experience I had at this restaurant! I had the unfortunate luck of attending a friends birthday party at Milsa. They are well-equipped for dealing with larger groups. Unfortunately they don't know what the hell they're doing. Even though they come and dump all the sides on the table for you to pick at, and even though all the meat comes to the table with some unhappy guy and a sword, they still manage to turn this into an extremely long evening.The food is really nothing special. Unless you're one of the XXXL people who live and die at the buffet table, you can do so much better than this restaurant.Now let's talk about Brazilian culture. Do I really need to see some young girl dancing around a room in a glorified bikini while I'm trying to eat my dinner? I felt creepy. The whole thing seems quite inappropriate to me. Don't go!Je suis vraiment déçu de ma dernière visite! J'y vais depuis 5 ans et la dernière fois on a été 20min sans se faire servir de viande pour un 2e service alors que c'est sencer être à volonté! C'est dommage mais vous ne me reverrai plus jamais chez vous!HORRIBLE PLACE TO HAVE A BIRTHDAY PARTY!!!!!!! They kicked several kids out of the pool because of their swimming shorts.  Once was because his shorts went past his knees.  These are small kids we are talking about, give me a freaking break.  I paid for 2 hours of the picnic area for Saturday and was told that I can pay $40 for each additional hour if no one had it booked after me.  I decided that I wanted to pay for the rest of the day since no one had it booked after me and because my party did not have a place to go after our time was up because there's only 3 shaded areas in the whole park (2 other shades were not open).  So when I asked to pay for the extra hours, they told me that the person that handled the rentals was not there and had JUST left and I was not able to purchase the additional time for the picnic area. I then spoke with the managers and they told me there was nothing they can do because the rental person works only Monday-Friday.  Which means, I was just lied too because the people in the front told me that the rental person had JUST left. Anyway, they could have made $120 extra from me, but they only have 1 person that knows how to do the rentals. I suggest that you have at least a back up person on the weekend.  So anyway, I go back to the picnic area to enjoy the rest of the time I have left with my party.  I then was approached my the assistant manager stating that they have a new rental system for about a week now, and that they forgot about that, so they now can process my payment for the extra time.  I was very excited, and relieved that I wont have to kick all these people out of the picnic area and into the sun.  I went to the front where they were going to process my payment, and waited several minutes before I was told to go ahead back to the picnic area and that they would call me when they figured out how to process my payment. I was approached again by the assistant manager to tell me that they couldn't figure it out and that I would have to get out of the picnic area by 4pm, because "I feel bad for you." Awe thanks, that's so sweet.  It was already 3:30 (I only had the area until 3pm).  If it was left alone after I asked them the first time, I would have been able to at least enjoy the rest of the time I had, but NO, I had to hurry up clean everything and get my party out of there. These people are a bunch of kids that have no idea what the hell they are doing.  I understand that I could have booked more time before the scheduled date, but I have never booked this place before and didn't know what to expect.  Anyway, they need more people there that knows what they are doing.  I spent most of my time dealing with these people instead of enjoying my daughters birthday.  I suggest to pick a different place if you are having a birthday party.I come here almost one or twice a week with my cousin and today 6-7-16 was the worst experience I've ever had here. Every worker was rude and wouldn't let me swim or get onto the slides because of my " clothing " keep in my mind my clothing was suited for the pool. One life guard told me I couldn't wear a shirt and this is a pool shirt that I was wearing she didn't let me go when other people were wearing similar clothing. They were rude about it and just don't seem happy to be working there. When we went into the Olympic pool I know that there is only laps we were doing lots of laps and just rested for about 3 minutes someone with a red shirt maybe management were very rude and told us if we're just going to be there we need to leave. He said it in such a bad way I wanted to punch him. Think twice before coming here.The meat was ok, but there were no really all you can it because after the first set of meat pieces I have to ask for every little bit. We ask for the wifi password but no one could answer our question, because of this we shorten the tip but the waiter came to claim more :-( very unkind!I think this restaurant was greatly overpriced.  The food was not worth the money and the presentation was boring.  Not what you expect at Aria!My Turbot had butter and beef grease all over it, gross.   EAT ANYWHERE ELSE in Vegas! The octopus was shoe leather tuff, the 'chef' mixed utensils and cook space on the Teppan grill between the beef and fish.   Really truly nastyThis place is a scam! Don't order sashimi or nigiri because portions are ridiculously small and expensive. Order fried rice with duck or noodle soup instead.When you are in Vegas, you pay premium for a lot of stuff, including food. This high end place has a very very poor service (many minutes for someone to clean the table, then many others to take an order and so on...slow on everything even with an empty place). My friend ordered a sashimi for $21 and it came 3 really really small pieces. When complaining to the unprepared manager, all she could say was "this is the chef style!"  without providing any help. Very dissapointing!This place is so disgustingly fake. Very poor service. Bad manager with ice cold welcoming to customers. Unprofessional conduct. The fish is nothing better than the sushi next door to your place, the portions are 10 times smaller and price 10 time higher. one, single, piece of sashimi is $12USD !!!!First, the service is incredibly slow. The food is bland and simple. Every asain sushi place serves the same dishes and the same portions at one third the cost. Nothing here is special. The food itself is simple, very simaler to sushi around the world. What makes it special is it is inside Vegas. Vegas can do better. Bad food and bad service that costs over three hundred for three is not worth even a single star.Cocktail Berry Berry martini was delicious.  Dinner however was lacking in timing.  Cook needs to learn how multi task and cook more than 1 item at a time.  I finished my vegetables before the meat.  I also finished my meat before the rice dish.  It was the sad representation of a fusion hibachi.  Seriously everyone watched one dish cook at at a time.  I guess having a huge flat top isn't enough space to cook more than one dish at a time.  If food tasted better and could be enjoyed at actual course instead of soooo slow you can't but one part at a time this place might reached 2 or 3 star.  Don't bother wasting your time or your money.This place is an absolutely horrendous business! Save your time money and frustration by not renting buying or having your properties managed by them!I am revising my previous review. This is a WARNING to others. After visiting regularly, at one appt Paul talked me into trying acrylic nails since mine were splitting. As he applied them he kept jamming his long thumbnail under my nails. (He kept his right thumbnail long - I guess for this purpose). When I complained that it hurt, he said he had to break up the glue. Regretfully, it didn't even occur to me how unhygienic his fingernail could be. A few hours after he applied them, my finger tips and around the nails became tender and red. It got worse and worse. The next day, thinking I was having an allergic reaction, I went back and asked him to remove them which he did. As he was working, I noticed something dark under my nails. I asked him if it was fungus and he replied, "dirt". But there was nothing I had been doing that would account for that much dark dirt. When my nails continued to get worse over the weekend, I went to the doctor. I had a serious nail infection and the dark under my nails was dried blood. The doctor put me on antibiotics. My fingertips were so tender and painful that I couldn't even pick up a paper clip and when I bumped them, I was in serious pain. This went on for over a week. When I went back to Glitter Nails, they promised to pay for my doctor appt (which I had to pay in full because of my ins deductible) and the antibiotic. When I tried to collect, they denied it was an infection or that it was their fault and refused to pay. Six months later, my nails have not yet completely recovered. I still have big white spots under my nails. DO NOT USE them if you value  your nails.Let me start by saying I only went here because the girl I usually go to lives far so I decided to try this place out with their groupon, natural set with retouch. The few times I called nobody even answered, I had to call like 3 times for some rude receptionist to finally answer, apparently it's because they're so "booked and busy." 3 weeks later (yea I said 3 weeks) it's finally time for my appt, I get there it's nice clean and fancy, the receptionist seems to be nicer in person than phone, the girl that did my eyelashes must have been new, let me tell you... it took a whole 2 and a half hours to do my natural set! Some asian lady had to come in towards the end to finish it off and make it go faster! I get eyelashes done all the time and a dramatic set by my girl only takes 45 minutes! Anyway 2 weeks later I had my retouch appt, and I couldn't make it I was called into work and asked if I can come in during my lunch break rather than the scheduled morning appt, the receptionist said no we are booked, I told her its only for a retouch and by the time u can get me in next week they would have all fell out and I would have to pay for a whole new set, she says and I quote "well that's why you should have been here this morning" with an attitude! If I could have reached through the phone I would have!! That's not the way u speak to a customer at all!! Will definitely not be going back and would  not recommend!!I purchased this groupon for a specific event I needed my eyelashes done for. I called on a Friday to set up an appointment for that Sunday. I got a call early Sunday morning at about 6 am stating that the technician scheduled to do my eyelashes got in a car accident & I would need to be rescheduled. I was not too happy about it but I understood it was out of their control. Thankfully this was not my issue because my event was not until the following Friday. I called back &the store owner's husband Ben, rescheduled my appointment for Thursday. On Wednesday I got a call from the receptionist stating that I had been double booked and again, I would need to be rescheduled. I explained to the receptionist that I had an event on Friday & that this was the second time I had been rescheduled, she was unable to do anything for me. I then asked to speak to a manager and she said she would take my name and number and they would return my call. Till this day I still have not got a call & do not appreciate that the store manager or owner did not have the decency to call me. I was extremely dissatisfied & groupon refunded me my money. I will go elsewhere for lashes.WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. Don't take a chance on this sorry excuse for a business, no seriously. Made an appt. with receptionist, they mysteriously couldn't find it when I called to confirm and they found out I had a groupon. I was told Yo (owner I guess??) would call me and squeeze me in. Never returned my call after numerous calls to her cell. As last straw I  text her early in the evening and finally, late that evening she returns my text with "SOL...better luck next time." Really Yo?? You're a piece of work. Good luck with your biz. With that attitude, I give you 2yrs. tops. Hey Yo maybe someday you'll be good enough on your own you won't have to put so many 'Groupons' out there, but I seriously doubt it. Where are the negative stars when you need them.First the positive: Ask for Destiny. She is awesome. Super sweet and takes her time and makes sure you like her work before you leave. Now the reason for one star:  The receptionist is just awful. Partly because you can tell this is her first job ever and her customer service skills need to be developed. My appointment was canceled/put in the system wrong 3 out of 4 times I have been there. If they cancel on you, don't think that they will try to fit you in with anyone else....won't happen. And from my experience with this place, the estheticians call in more often than not.  Lastly, if you decide to buy a Groupon for this place, expect to be put on the back burner as far as appointments go. My eyelashes looked good, but there are too many places in Vegas that will fit you in same day, has good customer service, and does a good job.This is the first ever review I've written about a place without actually going there. I always wonder, "Why do people write reviews about places they've never been?" You know what I'm talking about, when you see reviews that are like, "one star! Kept trying to call and they didn't answer their phone!" and it's like "seriously?" That being said, I am writing this review because after my experience with their business practices, I will never, ever be coming here. I bought a groupon worth $190 for $89 a loooong time ago. It expired. Per groupon policy, the amount paid (not the promotional value) is supposed to never expire. I e-mailed them inquiring about this. They said my groupon was only redeemable for $45. I e-mailed them a couple more times saying, "are you sure? It clearly states on the groupon that the paid value is supposed to be honored." They kept insisting that only it was only worth $45 because Groupon takes the other half of the paid amount. Luckily, Groupon credited the $89 back to me as Groupon bucks, but they should NOT do business with Groupon if they are not going to abide by Groupon's policies. I hope that other people who have issues with this complain to groupon and that they get banned from doing business with them in the future.THE PLACE IS CLOSED!!!  wild goose chase and a $25 cab ride.  Thanks yelp, for being up to date!I visited the East Blvd location this week and upon entering the noisy shop I proceeded to wait in line quite some time before getting my order taken. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and they gave me a philly cheesesteak, which I don't find out immediately since the sandwich is wrapped. I discover the mistake when I am back at my job and can't go back right away to get it corrected. I have been to many sandwich shops and never had such a mixup, but from my observation the shop is disorganized and perhaps understaffed. I may come back to try this place again and give them a second chance to see if they can get an order right, and if they can then I will post a follow up review.I had found this place on grubhub a while ago and finally decided to order dinner from them tonight.  I ordered a spinach & artichoke heart pizza and an appetizer combination platter.  The food was delivered in about an hour, after the delivery person drove away I opened the appetizer box and it was a cheeseburger.  I called immediately thinking the guy could turn around because my order was switched with another in his car.  The lady told me they would get the platter right out to me.  Well, here it is 3 hours later and they never came back, or called (phone number entered on grubhub.com).  Finally decided to heat up the cold cheeseburger and eat it.  Very unprofessional.I called this company based on reviews I saw on Angie's List.  When I called I think I talked to a "Sharon" we started off ok and then things went south rapidly!!  I tried to explain to her that this property to look at was in escrow and that there was a lock box on the door which the realtor would give her the code to so she could gain access. Easy enough or so I thought.  She suddenly acted very put out and started quoting prices without even looking at the flooring -not to mention she couldn't  see the property for two weeks!!  Her blatant lack of enthusiasm and overall "sour attitude" led me to quickly end the conversation and move on..Maybe she was tired clearly she did not want or need my business...So I find this place very close to my work and excited to get some Thai food.  I decided to stop by and just pick up food to go.  The place is very small, maybe 4 tables at most.  I placed my order and waited for 40 minutes to find out that they hadn't even started my with my order.  I asked a gentleman sitting there and he stated that he had only been there twice and waited for a lengthy time for his food as well.  I ran out of time so I cancelled my order.  I'm sure that the food is good I just don't have hours to spend for lunch.I was in AZ for a family trip so I searched on Yelp for a good Thai restaurant to eat.  Chanpen Thai Cuisine in the result with 4.5 stars.  So I can't here on 08/28/13 to try the food out.  It is a small house/building. Inside it is soooo small & only have a couple of small tables. We orded 3 dishes, the drunken noodle, the pai thai, and the beef salad. The waiter, aka 1 man does all, he's the cashier, the bust boy, the order man. Omg, it take forever for him to come to our table & take the order, the next worst part is the food take about 40minutes to come. Omg, & the worst part is the food is so horrible, the noodle in the pai & the drunken noodle was all mushy/over cooked. The meat in all the dishes are not fresh & tasted weird. The beef salad was sooo salty. It's very pricey & it is the worst Thai food I have ever eat. Omg, what a wasted of money & time.I will never never stop by here ever again when I'm in the area. They need to improve the food or shame on them for calling those horrible dishes Thai food.I actually have been going here for a while now. The food was excellent. Though the past 3 times I have gone the food has declined rapidly. Super soggy noodles and still frozen crab puffs aren't my idea of a good meal.I order chicken and shrimp pad thai togo. came home and open the box, all I see is noodle, chickens and bean sprouts. did they forget the shrimps??? the chickens are dry and the noodle is mushy. will not order againSo, I decided to try this place... twice. My 1st mistake was trying this place. My second... trying it again.

Update cop also agreed with me and told the owner to learn good customer serviceIf you love sushi DO NOT GO HERE! This was by far the worst sushi I have ever had. I just moved to the area and was looking for a good sushi place so I thought I would try tanaka's, which was a huge mistake. I ordered two rolls both $10.00 and I would rather have eaten sushi from a grocery store. I am a sushi lover and am an expert when it comes to sushi especially when it has raw fish in it. Both rolls that I ordered "said" they contained raw tuna, however, when they arrived they had barely any at all, I had to dig around the roll to even find a piece of tuna which turned out to be the size of a pea. Needless to say this place was horrible and I will definitely not be returning. Also, the service was HORRIBLE! It took so long to get 2 rolls and then once they arrived they were the worst thing I have ever eaten. I don't know how other people are giving this place any good reviews, they obviously don't know what real sushi tastes like. Once again, if your looking for good sushi stay away from tanaka's!We were not satisfied. We ordered a take out dinner- a hibachi dinner and a Red dragon roll. The chicken hibachi did not have a lot of meat, maybe like 10 little pieces, it was more like eating noodles than eating chicken and noodles as a side. The yum yum sauce was not home made and therefore tasted stale. The food was cold. The sushi roll cost $10 but we got something small and in other restaurants it would cost like $6.We were very disappointed with the food we got. We won't order anything from there again.We were very disappointed with this restaurant. We ordered steak hibachi with noodles. First, the noodles were spaghetti noodles, not Asian noodles. The meat was dry, chewy and tasteless. For the money, I've had a far better experience down the street at Toyama Express.Staff was cool but not impressed with sushi, at allI mean people you must not really know what great sushi looks and taste like because this place is mediocre sushi at its best!

Enter store, go to Ipod location.

Burger was tasteless, bland, and had no condiments on it- just butter on the bun. Fine, if you're going to do that, at least provide some ketchup when you drop off the burger.

Don't feel important when you see the fancy designer plate setting coz as soon as you sit they take it away!!! What rubbish. Don't put it there in th first place and don't charge for an expensive brunch for this below mediocre brunch selection.

They have a very bad sewer  coach roach problem there. I was advised to keep my drains closed and pour bleach down hem once a week.

DO NOT STAY AT THIS PROPERTY!I would like to preface this with that I am an attorney and also run a Valet parking company. My income relies on the customer service that I give. The amount of lies and stories that go into a Wyndham timeshare scam are astounding. I went on a vacation to Las Vegas with my parents and two sisters. We went into the Luxor hotel where we were approached by some Wyndham timeshare representatives. They offered my parents a significantly discounted rate for show tickets in exchange for attending a timeshare presentation at particular Wyndham property. My parents didn't see the harm in this especially when we were saving about $500. My parents paid $185 up front for the show tickets in cash. We were 5 people and were told only 4 people could eat lunch at the presentation. I decided to opt out of lunch and let my family enjoy it since I brought my protein shakes to drink for lunch anyways. My parents were going to attend the presentation and I was going to head to the hotel and wait for my sisters to finish eating breakfast so we could go shopping. We were given the address to the Wyndham hotel. We were also told a shuttle could bring us to the property that leaves at 2:30pm. The following day we went to the lobby at 2:30pm. to find out that the shuttle had just left. We had the address anyways so we decided to drive to the Wyndham itself. It was only a little over a mile down the road. We arrived at the property at 2:40pm. My parents walked in first to ask where to go. A Wyndham employee guided my parents through a building and past two pools to a building at the very back of the property. They were brought upstairs where the other timeshare guests were walking in. A woman directed them to go downstairs to check-in because they just went directly to the eating area. My parents asked the woman if someone could show them where to go and she designated an employee named Crystal to bring them to check-in. When they arrived downstairs, Crystal and another employee denied my parents the right to check-in because they were late. They were not late because the presentation hadn't started yet and people were just starting to eat. I'm not sure why they denied them to check-in but it was not because they were late although that was the reason they used. My father pleaded with them because we had cancelled lunch plans and reserved time in the day for this. They eventually were told to sit tight and wait to see if a timeshare representative would be free to show them around. They patiently waited.A lot of time went by and no one had come to show them around. My parents spoke to the manager, Jaime, who also provided no help or guidance on how to resolve the situation. He was just as incompetent and unhelpful as his employees. After waiting over 2 hours and filling out a complaint, my father and I both spoke to another manager on the phone. This woman was read the complaint by her employee but still never provided a resolution or tried to remedy the situation. We were given some worthless vouchers in the end after almost 2.5 hours of waiting. People were rude, unhelpful and misleading. My parents were lied to and kept on property because they were told they would be given a tour. I would never stay here because this hotel has NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. The management at Wyndham was not helpful, especially Jaime since he had the ability to remedy the situation. I do not recommend anyone staying at this Wyndham property. I value great customer service and this hotel had ZERO. I can't say anything about the facility itself. However, if you value the good attitudes, smiles and customer service that you receive when staying at hotels while on vacation, THEN DO NOT STAY HERE. The Wyndham employees, especially management, are the worst I have experienced and I have worked in the hospitality industry for about 10 years now. These were Wyndham hotel employees that we interacted with. I have stayed at hotels all over the world and the customer service here was despicable. I urge you to stay somewhere else when going to Vegas. The hotels on the strip may cost a little more but it makes your Vegas experience that much more fun. It is definitely not as fun or convenient if you aren't on the strip. However, if you must budget, stay elsewhere. DO NOT STAY HERE!I've booked my room here for years and have always loved it. Unfortunately on our last visit money was stolen from the room and we experienced horrible to nearly non existent costumer service after reporting the issue.  We were very disappointed and will no longer use this specific location.We stayed here for the first time this last week. While the facility is beautiful, the customer service is horrid. A request for towels took over an hour to receive, the front desk staff don't know much about where things are when asked, when i asked for more coffee for the coffee pot i was told i had to come down and get it, and I left something behind in my room and can't get anyone there to help me get it back. The security confirmed they have my belongings but the lost and found person that I need to talk to is elusive.The resort has shuttles to the strip, a shopping center, grocery shopping, and fremont street. Only the strip and shopping center shuttles are complimentary. Fremont Street is $15 dollars per person, it's only a few days a week, and the shuttle goes there at 5 and returns at 9 pm. The night is just getting started at 9 p.m.! Even grocery shopping is $5 each. I would not return to this resort. When I vacation I want to be somewhere with good customer service, and the Wyndham definitely isn't it.10 a.m. checkout time not so great after a night out in L.V either!The rooms are nice but the customer service is horrible. We were supposed to get a 2 bedroom but they only gave us a one bedroom and there wasn't anything we could do about it. When we got to the room it was a mess! We were tired and just wanted to sleep and then we have to deal with getting another room which was much farther from our friends room. I wish they had better customer service and management. Definitely would've got a 4 or 5 star if they didEntered the Dragon cave on my vacation in Las Vegas. I was here for over 4 hours as the saleswoman used a fake smile the entire time trying to take your money for a timeshare. And all I received was 2 Blueman tickets after I paid them $40. The Famingo hotel lobby has many vampires trying to draft innocent victims on vacation to enter the Dragon cave of Wynn timeshares. Please do not enter the Dragon cave, unless you want to lose hours off your lifeWe booked a 2 bedroom Wyndham Grand Desert unit with 5 Star Resorts Plus on January 8. Completed payment for it last week. Yesterday, 5 Star contacted us to tell us that Wyndham cancelled our room at the Grand Desert and gave us no reason for doing so. We are now stuck without a place to stay which we legitimately booked and paid for. I highly suggest that, if you are considering staying here, you review other options. Wyndham clearly could care less about all of us!What kind of a hotel does not have enough parking spaces to accommodate there guests??? I have never had this problem in vegas and had to park down the street from the hotel and WALK in the scorching heat. I don't care how nice your rooms are this is a total joke and unacceptable.  I will never ever ever stay at this hotel again.Wtf is up with the parking situation. You would think after paying 800 dollars they would we would be able to park at the resort. Parking lots are way to small. Had to park outside the resort wven with our parking pass. This is ridiculousHad the worst Wyndham customer service experience with Linda at the check-in section.  We travelled from the Bay Area/SoCal with the family knowing that we are VIP Gold members in our Grand Desert home resort. As Wyndham owners, we expected to be treated fairly. However, this rude Linda ruined the supposed to be VIP experience.  I was holding my 2-month old baby while checking in, standing infront of her, she's not even smiling and I told her that I booked the 3 bedroom presidential suite for 2 nights in 2 different reservations but on 2 consecutive nights.  Linda told me that I need to transfer to another presidential suite in another building after our first night's stay.  I told her, we have a lot of things and also 3 kids so, it's going to be hard for us.  Linda said, there's already people reserved for the presidential suite that we'll be staying for the 1st night so she can't give the same suite the next night. I insisted not to be transferred because it's really going to be hard on our family.  Linda smirked and said she's going to talk to her manager.  When she came back, Linda told me in an irritated voice that she needed to transfer 5 people in order for us to stay in the same presidential suite. I was annoyed because why should she get mad with our request, we're clients paying maintenance and invested a huge chunk of money to be treated badly by an uneducated receptionist who doesn't even know what customer service is.  She continued to check us in but the way she communicated to me sounded so mean.  I was frustrated holding my 2 month old baby, standing there for a long time since Linda kept saying just a moment, just a moment.  It's really really bad experience for me especially for my kids.The Facilities are great and the family had such a great time! The poor rating only belongs to Patrick one of there sales guy. As soon as we told him we weren't interested in upgrading our timeshare he stonewalled my wife and I and left us alone for 30 mins. I know they're trying to make a living but to look Mad because I would rather make my mortgage and feed my 3 kids? Please have some compassion for the middle class struggling. You didn't need to pout and walk away and I saw you shooting the Shiet with your co workers! the place is awesome and we have been here a couple times and it's close to strip without the hassle of navigating through the strip!I would not leave anything in the room you don't want to see go missing. I left a garment bag in the closet and a dress, skirt and top were removed. I made a report to security but so far they have not recovered anything.Is there a star that's negative ? This company deserves a negative ten stars. Unhelpful, money hungry , demons on wheels . They are super nice to you until they find out you're not rich, then they treat you like dirt . The salesman , Dan mergarme Who had a cast was  extremely rude and disrespectful and got ANGRY when we were not interested in purchasing anything. Even worse when he found out we were not super wealthy he lost all interest and could care less. Not that his fake nice ness in the beginning meant anything anyway. Fink were the manager id FIRE This guy.

It is really their ATTITUDE that pissed me off. They treated me like a THIEF after my spending THOUSANDS of dollars in macy's. Besides, it was that shop assistant's fault that she forgot to take out the sensor!

Not sure the service could be worse. Which, if the coffee was decent, I would happily endure - but it's terrible!!!!

http://www.yelp.com/biz/claim-jumper-las-vegas-2?hrid=u2Z3QjQEgQNBFI8UA6zUWA&utm_campaign=www_review_share_popup&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_source=(direct)

Less than mediocre food. We had:

Over priced food/

the waiter wasn't there so he delivered it himself.

(i'm a signed model in miami)

on every occasion. Summerlin Hospital is not your friend. I ask why have they been sued so many times and why do some doctors refuse to go there? BEWARE!My brother had knee surgery here, and what a night mare!!!! Nurse's were rude and Un caring!  While I was visiting, one of the machine's started making a high pitched alarm Sound!This went on for 5 min.! Finally, I got up and asked the staff if anyone could hear the noise! ! They finally put down their cake they were eating and fixed the noise. It was obvious I had interrupted there party, when I said something the attendant rolled his eyes at me. ! Wow we have insurance and are paid in full!  My sister in law is a nurse, and she was taught to be kind and compassionate!  These nurse have a very uncaring demenor!!!!! I would never come to this hospital for anything.  I wonder how many others have been neglected! !!!Brought my daughter to the pediatric er for a possible nose break.... And have waited for HOURS for the doctor to come and discharge us. Do not come here unless you wish to be frustrated beyond measure by the wait. The nurses keep updating me that the doctor is on his way, he's looking at the x rays now... And that was over an hour ago. Don't waste your time here, go to mountain view!My mom came by ambulance here at 3 am last spring because she passed out from abdominal pain.  She was in the ER and a surgeon came down and said the best place for her to be was UMC due to chronic liver and lung issues she has and started the process to transfer her.  (In the meantime an OBGYN saw her and said he was 60% sure it was an issue with her reproductive system given the area of the pain).  The CEO and some Chief Doctor intervened, saying they have excellent doctors at Summerlin and she did not need to be transferred.  They determined she has internal bleeding and they call  an OBGYN specialist in from...UMC!!  Then, an Internist Doc shows up and says he wants to do a procedure...my mom knows she is ineligible for the procedure he is recommending because it would blow up her lungs and heart and she questions him about it and HE DID NOT REALIZE SHE HAD THIS CHRONIC LUNG ISSUE because apparently he cannot read a medical chart outside a patient's room.  He then says she needs a heart, liver, and lung transplant due to her chronic issues as they are causing the bleed.  My mom sees doctors at UCSD for her lung and liver issues and at this point we get them involved because this is the first time we hear that she needs the liver, heart and lung transplant so naturally we are upset.  This guy tells me I should not be upset and "need to be strong" (mind you I was woken up in the middle of the night with a phone call that my mom was on the way to the ER and it was now 7 p.m....I was going on 3 hours of sleep in a 48 hour period and my mom was ill and they did not know why).  I told that guy to shuffle off to buffalo.  The next day her doctors are notified and THEY WANT HER TO LEAVE THIS HOSPITAL BECAUSE THEY BELIEVED THIS PLACE WOULD HARM HER MORE THAN HELP HER.  This took time due to paperwork and in the mean time another doctor tried to stop the bleeding via  a procedure and butchered her neck and then realized he needed another tool they had to order from a third-party outside the hospital so he stopped the procedure.  Another day goes by and she is transferred to UCSD.  Turns out she had a congenital birth defect on an ovary that was fixed by a minor procedure...The egos of people at this hospital jeopardized my mom's health...if you have chronic conditions be careful here.This hospital almost killed

letters requesting the same. My husband says the photographer knows he has nothing decent to offer.Took the money and ran.But some good news--we hired another wedding photographer to take some make up shots of the family and bride & groom three days after---these are what I call my wedding photos as I have none of the actual day.I'm so sad, there's nothing more to say really.

...perhaps you should train them a little better.I waited 11 minutes just for my server (Travis) to acknowledge me and take my drink order. It took him another 3 minutes to bring my drink to me (an iced tea no less) and to take my order. Plus another waiter had to remind my server to bring me my drink ... Not good service at all.Bad food,, very slow service. Did I say over priced. Save your money eat somewhere else.

3) Because Mercedes Corporate built the car and they should take care of this issue.4)  Because it would require the dealership to take a huge loss of money. (Mind you when I mentioned numbers, the manager said he had NOT looked at the finical paper work and I bought the car so it should be me that takes the loss)Car is back from Shop...a week and half later....Moonroof is doing what it did when I bought it ,  the car sometimes tells me I need new brakes and then it tells me it doesn't, the back camera will sometimes not work.I have not had any enjoyment with this car. In fact it has almost sent me to the emergency room for how high my blood pressure has risen.THE WORST SERVICE DEPARTMENT EVER!!!  If I could give this Phoenix Motors '0' stars or negative stars, believe me, I would!  Took my car in for an A/C switch problem and came away with engine damage. My A/C was not coming on immediately when I pushed the button so I took it in to have it looked at.  At the end of the day, my service adviser said they found a loose wire that was causing the problem and fixed... for $380.00 (seriously!). Then he proceeded to tell me that after performing a thorough inspection of my car, there was a host of "other" things wrong with it that needed immediate repair. (There was nothing else wrong with my S600) when I took it in) and if I would authorize $10,000 worth of repair work, they would get to it right away. I told him to have my keys ready and I'd be down to pick it up.  When I did pick it up, The under panel of my dashboard was still unattached and sitting on the front passenger seat,  There were empty water bottles of the service men littering my back seat.  Very irritated, I complained and they sent a man with tools out to the driveway to fix the under panel. Didn't even bother to pull it back into a bay.  Wish I had looked in my car before I paid.  When I started my car, it didn't sound right. It was idling high and went into gear hard.  Mentioned this to Robert Wolf (service adviser) and he dismissed it saying it will drive out.  I left and didn't make 2 miles before my car went into convulsions; spuddering, shuddering and kicking out smoke.  Then it died in the middle of Indian School Rd.  Once it did restart, I limped it into a parking lot and called my service adviser Robert Wolf.  He feigned ignorance but sent someone to pick me up.  They then had my car towed back to PMC.  I will say that they gave me a loner car, but they proceeded to KEEP MY CAR FOR 20 DAYS while they attempted to repair whatever it was that they did. And in the end, they fixed nothing and took NO RESPONSIBILITY.  Of course... they told me everything that was wrong with my car was my own fault and that they did everything they could to correct what happened.  Except that when I took my car in, only for an A/C switch mind you, they proceeded to monkey around with my car, checking this and that, with NO AUTHORIZATION from me to do so, so they could discover every way possible to milk more and more money from me.  They claimed to have done all of this work while my car was in , and gave me a staggering list of things.  They said what I needed essentially were valve seal covers and charged me $555.00 for them, tried to charge me for more but I refused.  I had to scream and yell to get Robert Wolf to listen, and he said they repaired or replaced everything else that may have caused the issues before.  No apologies.  But more empty water bottles in my trunk and a missing gas cap.  These guys truly SUCK!  When I left after picking up my car for the second time, this time I made it to the 51 fwy when the problems started again.  I called my credit card company 1st to do a charge back and AAA second.  Had my car taken to another service center. THESE GUYS ARE A BUNCH OF CROOKS!!!  I own 3 Mercedes Benz cars and will NEVER trust the repair of any one of them to Phoenix Motor Company ever again.  And I caution anyone reading this review of the same.I called and sent numerous emails to owner Chuck Theisen and general manager Al LeMoine, all with NO response.  Poor, very poor.  Never even received a courtesy call from an assistant to say they were looking into it.  WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!  I was shocked and appalled at the way they ran their business.So I encourage any other PMC customer who has had a similar experience to voice their displeasure here, and everywhere, so others may be forewarned and maybe PMC will take note of just how truly AWFUL their service department is.Just copied and pasted my Google+ review as I want to warn others:Pathetic. That's only word I can think of when I think of Phoenix Motor Company. I've never gone online and taken the time to write a review of anything! But I felt compelled to warn others. Please, whatever you do, do not go to the Phoenix Motor Company for service. I've spent over thirteen thousand dollars in the last year (in one year! for a car with less than 60k miles on it) on repairs and every single time I leave there is yet another issue that undoubtedly costs 2-3 thousand more dollars. At first I thought it was smart to get dealer repairs as they would "know" what they were doing, right? However, every single time I have them do something, immediately something else goes wrong. Immediately. And to top that off, they charge a good 30% more than what you would pay at a local auto shop. Last April I promised that I'd never use them again, but last week they were the only ones with the part I needed - so I gave it another two thousand dollar shot. Two days after the day they said it would be ready I pick it up only to notice that it is shifting hard. I bring it back and of course it has nothing to do with the transmission work they JUST DID and now I need to spend 2-3 thousand more dollars. Don't end up feeling like a sucker like I do. Again.Unfortunately this was not a great food experince. I was drawn in by the word Delicatessen.....to me it was more like a hospital cafeteria...and I hate to say it but hospital cafeterias are much classier! My gut feeling as we lined up was to get out of there. I chose not to say anything as I had already refused my husbands suggestion of going through the In and Out burger drive thru and I thought it would probably be too annoying of me to refuse this as well! Little did I know he was having the same fears but also decided to just go with the flow.My husband had the hot pastrami sandwich which was dry and to quote "worst pastrami sandwich ever...the pastrami from hell". I had the stuffed cabbage which was stuffed with what looked and tasted like raw ground beef....and that was the tastiest part of it! Eeeek. I had two bites.....and was not risking any more. We did not go back to the counter to complain or get our money back because we really could not be bothered waiting all over again and just wanted to leave.The one star is for the fact they sell Snapple Iced Tea which without I would not have been able to revive my tastebuds.I am astounded at all the positive reviews. This place was nasty and overpriced. Yeah, the manager came by with a free, gimmicky, baby cookie, but that doesn't make up for the horrid food. The turkey was dry, the macaroni'n'cheese tasted about as processed as it gets and the vegetables were dry and flavorless. One visit here and I'm donezo. Normally I don't hate a place this much and then get instantly compelled to review it on Yelp, but anyone reading this, go to Jason's Deli or even Subway... BOO!This place makes me appreciate Jimmy Johns.  This place makes you feel like cattle being herded to the trough.  It's a Miracle they are still in business. You can get better sandwiches at Whole Foods or Jimmy Johns for a lower price!This place is ridiculously overpriced!  Their food is not good quality. When you walk in it looks like a cafeteria and that's essentially what you are getting in terms of quality. $10.27 for a turkey sandwich that was almost all fat and had a required side I didn't want. This place is best avoided. It's not worth the calories or time.I'm sure there are good entrees at this place, but when I look for Chinese food, I'm looking for a good deal on the lunch combos.  In this area, I feel like Bamboo 7 totally fails.  All you get is a small portion of whatever dish you have chosen and some rice with soy sauce.  To call it fried rice is an insult to fried rice.  Give me some veggies and egg in the rice at the very least!  No egg roll or spring roll included either, had to order these separate and pay extra.I'm sorry, but this is not a Pad Thai, the food was awful... the service.. nobody checked on us, I have to look for somebody to bring me the bill. Never ever back here!!!The good news is they got here fast. The bad news is the quality was poor and the experience underwhelming. The hot and sour soup tasted like the color brown and nothing else. The bourbon chicken was sweet and sour chicken in a brown glaze, a first for bourbon chicken in my experience, being fried. And the curry chicken suffered from the same fear of seasoning that doomed the other two items. Very disappointing.The pho noodle soup is decent but the service was pretty bad. We tried to be nice to the waitress and asked her name but she seemed insulted by our attempts to be nice. I asked her for extra hoisin and hot sauce and she said she will get me more after  first i finish the ones she gave me. Then she was on a prolonged phone argument with another customer. My tip will be 0. Don't know if I will return even after I recomended this place to workmates.Worst meal, I've ever had!! I started feeling sick while I was eating. It's the next morning and I still feel terrible. The noodles tasted like they had been sitting in grease all day. The chicken was horrible. Overall it was just a bad meal that was not cheap. $35 dollars in the trash!!! I will not be going back.Great golf course ruined by a by bad apple at the pro-shop... we booked for a 4 one had bad back on the day of the game and one backed out due to other issues the guys excused for one wanted a full fee for the other only agreed after a credit card dispute..second time said green fee is 69 when golf now said 59 for 6.00 pm tee time.... and accused us of lying.. watch out!! make sure you know the fees or will get ripped off..I'm sorry but the Taro Boba and the Green tea boba sucked so bad. Yuck. I swear that green tea boba looked brown as hell.  Never coming here again I swear. I had better taro and green tea boba. Well at lease I know now.  Boba drinks are more popular in California and they taste better out there too. Oh well.Ugh. I'm very upset I paid $4.53 for a boba drink that I didn't even finish due to its disgusting texture and bland flavor. I have never thrown away an almost $5 drink before! I ordered a taro smoothie w/ boba, which they made quickly. Unfortunately, I don't think it was blended for long enough. I felt like I was sipping sand through a straw! Ick!Contrary to their title here on Yelp, their signage reads 'No. 1 Boba Tea', which is far from the truth. Don't go here!I used to really enjoy dining at Frank & Alberts but a visit last week for dinner with out of town guests was really disappointing.  Started with the roasted tomato soup that tasted and had the mouth feel of diluted tomato paste. The meatloaf that I have enjoyed many times was just ok but the portion was much smaller than before. One of my companions stopped after two spoons of the soup and was also disappointed with the portion size of the meatloaf. Though incredibly uncrowded on a Saturday night the service was listless. And to boot when I got the check the server had added his gratuity without mentioning it to us. I am used to this latter practice for a party of 6 or more but we were only 4. I did complain to the manager but he did absolutely nothing!  If this represents the new Frank & Albert's its in serious trouble.Permalink | Report | ReplyWe ate at this restaurant with a group of 7 people. We were seated outside behind the fireplace at about 6 pm on a Sat night in early April. The service was absolutely deplorable.  The server was very slow and never asked us if we wanted refills on drinks, forgot an entire appetizer order and had to be found to pay the bill. The only really good thing on the menu was the onion rings. The Sea Bass was loaded with Salt, but otherwise dry. My daughters hamburger was not medium, but over done...hard as a rock. My wife's apple salad was mostly apples. We had to ask several times to get more bread and waited over an hour each time for our food. When we mentioned to the waiter that the appetizer order was completely forgotten, his response was " oh sorry," with no offer of anything complimentary to make up for the error.  The service was possibly the worst I've ever had and my family is in the restaurant business and I've eaten at a multitude of placesTerrible service!   Rude, uneducated and seemed annoyed when asking for simple things like butter or sugar.  They laugh and are outwardly rude.  Never saw a manager who oversaw things the three days while we were there.  Therefore, staff (at least ours) did what they wanted.  Won't go back again! Love the property and other restaurant.  This one is very mediocre.Went to Frank & Albert's with my parents for a last-day-of-vacation breakfast and was literally shocked by how poor the experience was. We were seated quickly by the hostess who provided menus, and then waited at least 10 minutes to be acknowledged by anyone else ... no "I'll be right with you", no water, no coffee, no taking of our order. Once we finally did order, we waited another 10 minutes for our coffee which was delivered with cream but no sugar - after asking for it from the waitress, he was halfway through eating before she actually brought it.The food arrived relatively quickly, delivered without a word by a guy from the kitchen. It was extremely hot and delicious. I had ordered a side of bacon which was not delivered. When the waitress finally brought the sugar, I asked for my bacon which then took another 15 minutes to arrive, once we were all pretty much done eating - and it was disgusting. It was brittle, dry, and tasted of chemical, like sterno. My parents both tried it and agreed ... I would have sent it back (it was $5.65 for 4 pieces), but at that point we just wanted to finish and leave.The main issues I observed: The hostess seated folks as they came in and then did *nothing* else, just sat at her station in the middle of the room. There was one waitress serving all tables (5 total when we were there) - and was also the bartender. In order to access the bar, she had to walk around a hallway and in through a door behind the bar - an inefficient setup for someone needing to go back and forth. She was not well organized and could have used help - the hostess can't bring waters? Coffee? Also frustrating was the wait staff that came over from the other restaurant (they are connected) ... 2 additional waitresses that sauntered in and out, chatting and drinking water/coffee, while patrons waited without. Someone needs to seriously overhaul the game plan at Frank & Albert's.The single star is because the food (except bacon) was delicious - the orange-ricotta pancakes were especially memorable.Was at the Biltmore Fashion Park and headed over to the restaurant based on local recommendations. It was not very good.  The food was bad and the service was worse. The self-proclaimed famous tortilla soup had little-to-no flavor and used canned vegetables.  I ordered a salad that was supposed to come with a vinaigrette but instead came with a thick creamy dressing that tasted like tangy ranch.  On to the service: after we were seated it took 10 minutes for an older blond waitress to even notice us and it wasn't even that busy! When she asked for our drink order, she seemed upset that I just ordered a lemonade, it was weird.  Then we asked for bread, which we never got. After she brought the check we reminded her and she was just like "whoops".  I imagine she is the sister of the owner or something.   She came back with bread that we were able to use to clear our palates of that awful meal.  Another negative is the price: soup and salad for two plus one lemonade cost us $60! For terrible tasting, poor quality food.One positive is that the kitchen is fast. They got the orders to us right away.  So, if you are in the mood to be treated poorly and eat bad, expensive food, then this place is for you.  Otherwise stay away.Very bad experience.....had a reservation for a specific table outside for a month, called twice to confirm as it was a special birthday event. When we, a party of six arrived, our table was taken.The food was average at best.....very disappointed!for the area and the price of each item I expected a lot more. this was a second choice for me because the Wright Restaurant didn't open until after 5, i ordered the short rib mac and cheese and it was nothing less then short, there was no taste to it at all, i had to add hot sauce just to get flavor an di am not even a fan of hot sauce,i would say to avoid this joint, Denny's would be betterHorrible service and disappointment for Easter . No plates or food in buffe line! Over cooked everything.... Total chaos or what they charge! Never coming back!Very disappointing Christmas dinner. Evening started poorly with restaurant not honoring what they advertise. Slow for server to acknowledge table. Ordered Shepard's Pie. Carrots and peas barely cooked, almost raw. Sent back. Daughter ordered a pizza. Crust so soggy could not be picked up. Surprising as I have eaten at Wright's and found it very good. Would never return.Now I know why President Obama skipped the Biltmore on his recent visit. He must have been informed about the Pork Belly and the Corned Beef from Frank and Alberts.The atmosphere is mostly very impressive. It's very rich and airy. It's very cool Frank Lloyd Wright but with a retro diner kind of feel.A few things about the atmosphere were not impressive. Dirty Salt and pepper shakers and crumbs on the floor. I also noticed bowls of tortilla chips just sitting out getting stale and dusty on the line the whole time we were seated. I ordered the house made corned beef sandwich. When it arrived I thought it looked OK and took a bite. All I could taste was sauerkraut. Then I took a piece of meat out to try. It felt slimey and was very fatty. I cut off the fat and tasted the meat and it seemed corned but lacked the spices that flavor the meat. It was pretty tasteless and was just slimey and fatty. I gave a piece to my husband to try and he also said it seemed slimey to him and tasteless. I was hoping our waitress would check on us but she didn't.I asked my husband how his Pork Belly BLT was. He said the porkbelly and roll was very dry, the bacon was good and the tomatoes were old. I didn't know how dry the porkbelly was until I got home and feed some to my dogs. It was the driest piece of meat I ever felt in my life. It was so dry that if you rubbed your skin with it you could cut yourself on it. I thought my sandwich was awful but after feeling that porkbelly I think his sandwich was worst and both sandwiches were served with cold fries.We were NEVER checked on or asked how our meal was.I know I should have found a manager to complain to but sometimes you just get so bummed you don't feel like it. This was suppose to be an extra special meal out at an exceptional place. These sandwiches cost about $16.00 each. Fortunately I have a Scottsdale Preferred Card and had one meal off the check but even if the meals were free they'd still be horrible. I don't know if my exsperience is typical or not.If you still want to give them a try after reading my review you have to do a valet park or park yourself in the garage that's around a little way from the restaurant.I was excited to go here for breakfast on Saturday and wish I would have spent my money somewhere else. The buffet was something I wouldn't expect from the Biltmore it was extremely disappointing. It felt like a Holiday inn buffet but they did have an omelette chef. The bacon quality was not great and it was swimming in inches of grease the fruit looked bad. For $24 it was worth about $10. For $30 make your way to the Four Seasons Scottsdale for the weekend buffet and you will be blown away double the size with great specialty items. The view alone is worth the drive. Maybe they could take a lesson from them. Service was good but the food was not.We went the other night for dinner before fireworks.  The food tasted fine however the service was horrendous! And since we can go to so many other places in town for great food AND great service why go back!!?  The server had been there for 3 mos. (that seems like a long enuf time to get acclimated?!) He didn't listen to a word any of us said! We'd say one thing and he'd do another! Our food came out wrong & at different times! It was ridiculous!! We will not be going back!!  Surprising for a restaurant located in a world class resort to be so lousy!!  The Biltmore should be ashamed!!This was the worst amusement park experience I've ever had. Prior to last night, I hadn't visited this amusement park since 2008. The highlight of the evening was definitely the "Intimidator" roller coaster. If you can tolerate listening to country music for over an hour, this ride is definitely worth the wait. Once, we arrived at about 8:30pm, we paid 16 dollars for parking. There was traffic backed up for 2 miles off the interstate to get into "Scarowinds". Once we paid and made our way through the parking lot, we saw two parking attendants not doing much of anything. I think one guy had just lost his best friend and the other guy thought his was too good-looking to do anything other than pose. You would think with this mass quantity of cars coming in and paying 16 dollars to park, there would be more than two visible parking attendants, or at least one actually directing us on where to go. About 15 minutes later, we managed to find ourselves a place to park on row 43. We waited in line 15 minutes to pay 43.00 dollars for our ticket. After paying for our ticket we proceeded to another line to go through a metal detector and have our tickets scanned. Once we got to the front of the line, the line was abruptly closed, so we went to the end of another line. After about another 15 minutes, the line that closed did reopen, and we were able to make it through fairly quickly. After an encounter with a zombie that brought my girlfriend's daughter to tears, we managed to find our way through the fake fog to the "Intimidator". We downloaded the "Carowinds" app to help us find our way through the park. Unfortunately, the app didn't work in the park, despite downloading it on two different phones. We waited in line about 10 minutes before a group of people tried to cut in line in front of us. There was no security or anyone around enforcing any sort of rules. So, I called them out on it and luckily the others around us called them out on it, as well. Getting back to the "Intimidator", as I mentioned earlier, this was definitely the highlight of the night. The rows of seats were scattered apart in a way that gives everyone a front row view. I was a little concerned about the lack of shoulder harness. Even after we went barreling down the first drop I was coming out of my seat against the lap restraint. This hasn't bothered me in the past on roller coasters that don't invert, since they weren't as high and as fast as this roller coaster was. Hopefully, that was part of the thrill, and doesn't ever become an actual safety issue. After exiting the "Intimidator", another intimidator managed to jump out behind a garbage can as I was passing by. I just looked at him, grinned, and attempted to walk past him. He abruptly put his arm out in front me in an attempt to keep me from passing by. I ran into his arm before trying to move it out of the way. He told me I could get thrown out of the park for touching him. I wouldn't have touched him had he not placed in arm in front of my body as I was trying to get around him. At this point, I couldn't believe I paid 43 dollars to get into this park. Instead of paying a young man to harass a grown woman, why not employ some more parking attendants or security within the park?We attempted to find "Boo Blasters" and came across "The Blood Drums", which sort of reminded me of tribal drummers banging on garbage cans. To their credit, they worked pretty well with the tools they were given. We enjoyed a few moments of their talent and continued on our journey to find "Boo Blasters". By the time we made our way to "Boo Blasters", it was 12:30, so we just decided to call it a night. To sum it up, we rode one ride, watched a bit of a show, saw a handful of decent characters, stood in line a lot, and I got harassed by a young man trying to be an actor. I can't recommend this event. I'm not sure how crowded "Scarowinds" is on other nights, but for the money paid, the quality of entertainment just isn't there.I have been a season pass holder for the past 33 years.  This year Scarowinds was, by far, the WORST experience I've ever had a Carowinds, EVER.  I checked online and called the park to make certain toddlers were welcome for Scarowinds, and was told repeatedly that they are.  My grandson turned 3 last week.  When we got to the gate at 7:15, after waiting in line for 90 minutes to get in, they asked his age and I told them he turned 3 years old three days ago.  They promptly sent us back to pay for him to get in, which we did.  After we entered the park, with all its magical, scary, FUN characters, my grandson was thrilled with the scary-ness of it all.  He ran up to several characters and they were mostly kind to him.  However, we had multiple people in costume SCREAM IN MY FACE AND HIS that "kids ain't welcome here".  They seemed pretty welcome when staff was collecting my money for his entry.  In my telephone calls and chats with several gate attendants and the person who sold us the ticket for him, not a single one said children weren't welcome, nor did they say Snoopyland was closed.As we walked around the park we noticed that the largest number of preteens and teens were there unaccompanied by any adults at all.  The park had way more guests in it than I've seen in all the years I've spent there.  There were no visible security guards, no supervision, no nothing.  It was like 10,000 out of control, ill mannered prosti-tots and their prepubescent thug boyfriends had descended on a family park.  There was no toilet paper in four of the six restrooms we visited.  None of the vendors had lids for paper cups so we opted for plastic cups.  After being forced to buy the Peanuts cups - because we could not find a vendor with the regular refillable purple plastic cups - all the cups had holes in the plastic.  The vendor we were at tried to refuse a refund, then wanted to give me cash refund rather than putting it back onto the credit card I paid with.We watched multiple teens, very obviously under age, buying beer on tap.  Again, no security, no oversight and no parents in sight.As we left the park at 10:15 we could see traffic was slow exiting the park.  We waited THREE HOURS AND THIRTY FOUR MINUTES to get out of the park.  It took two and a half hours for them to get two security personnel out there to direct traffic.  While waiting to exit we watched not, one, not two, not three, not for, but FIVE violent fist fights break out, with security watching and doing NOTHING.  The security people weren't weren't directing traffic, weren't breaking up fights, they were out there trying to chat up underage girls.  Grown men.  That work for Carowinds.I realize they are going through growth and that they are a minimum wage, seasonal employer.  However, what went on there last night was a safety concern and there were some serious laws being broken.Sadly, the six to ten season tickets I've purchased every single year for 33 years will not be purchased next year.  Nor will we visit the park again next year, and probably never again.  When I feel the need to take my gun out of the trunk and lay it on the seat beside me because of the violence and chaos, it's time for me and my family to find other entertainment.Was not that scary! Lines are out of control.Go during the day and skip paying high price for scarowinds and waiting in lines.

Well they don't. But this is not a review on what they have or don't have; this review is on the horrible service of the so called pharmacist there. First off he goes into a five minute rant about how Micro-crap and Junel are the SAME thing, deriving from Loestrin. Well, I am not a doctor nor a pharmacist, but if that were true then both filled perscriptions would say "generic for Loestrin". They don't. Only Junel says that. Micro-crap says it is generic- FOR JUNEL!

"Nope. There aren't enough books on the shelves for you?"

Compared to other businesses out here doing the 3D brow/ microblading technique. 1st thing, I told her exactly what I wanted done. It seems like she doesn't know how to draw a brand new shape, only add more to your natural shape, which is unfortunate when your paying 400$ for someone to tattoo your dream eyebrows. She didn't draw my eyebrows so I could approve the shape before she started. She microbladed the outside shape, asked if I liked it, then filled it in permanently.....good thing I liked the outlined shape or I would have been out of luck. It looked good at 1st......but the results essentially disappeared after a week. And looked COMPLETELY different after healing, the eyebrows essentially disappeared! What prompted me to write this review was the amazing experience I had with a 3DBrow/MicroBlading tech else where. It was through that experience I saw how this technique is really supposed to be done! #1 she draws on the exact shape that I want 1st, she doesn't put the needle to my skin until it's perfect. She corrected and re-drew the shape on until it was perfectly even, then she started. She has a mirror facing me THE WHOLE TIME the procedure is being done. This allows me to interject when I think she has missed a spot or something doesn't look right. Neezie didn't do that, so when I didn't like something, and felt like she hadn't filled in some spots (which she hadn't) I basically was told she couldn't go over it because it would mess up my skin if she kept digging in. Wish I could have seen that she wasn't getting some areas while the procedure

TerribleAbsolutely the slowest service ever! Waited 20 minutes for 3 ice cream treats, extremely disappointed.When Rocky's is good it is very good.  However it is always a hit or miss. Today was the worst pizza I have ever had. The bread sticks were hard as croutons and my pizza was barely warmer than room temperature and looked as if it was made hours before. My husbands also was just as bad.Didn't honor online prices from their own website.  The kid at the counter was clueless.  The manager didn't know about the specials on their website and would not give me the advertised prices.  Emailed their corporate office to find out what the deal was but I got no reposes from them.  The restaurant tried to call me a couple times, but if the corporate office can't take the time to talk to an upset customer, then I don't have the time to visit their restaurant.  I wasn't a huge Rockys fan in the past, and this sealed the decision to never return.Ate here last night.  Food was barely tolerable and the place was so dirty. Waitress stood in the middle is the dining area loudly babbling about movies for 10 minutes annoying everyone. Never  going back.I ate here last week,  this was my first time to Fat Jack's and likely the last. The place is quite dingy and has this layer of dusty grime on everything, it is in need of one of those restaurant makeover shows. The wait staff was friendly but unprofessional and somewhat inattentive given that there were few other people there at the time. It is a windowless, dark, cave atmosphere and dimly lit. My food was Just OK and for a $10 sandwich they could have done allot better, it had zero flavor, but they provide home made BBQ sauces in those on-table, refillable squeeze bottles that never see a fridge or dishwasher. This place is in need of some serious updating in ALL areas.My dad and I went here thinking it would be a good place to try. The inside of the restaurant was unclean and tacky. Neither my dad nor I were impressed with the food. We both had ribs. There was very little BBQ sauce on the ribs, and while our food came out fast the quality was not great.Have been eating here for 25 years. It used to my favorite place for barbecue. I ordered a half rack of ribs and the bones were soft and tasted awful. The waitress took it back to the cook. The cook said that happens sometimes and sent out two cold pieces of rib. I won't be going back sad to say.Dry chicken with unseasoned potato wedges, Yuck. The ribs were smoked way to long, dry and they had way to much smoke flavor.  What's up with the red wine vinegar on the coleslaw without mayo or sour cream. The owner needs to go to Texas and find out how to improve his BBQ.  However the the fried mushrooms were good.They said I needed a timing belt replaced when Honda Civics from 2006 don't have a timing belt.UW Health Monona is the worst clinic in the world. I finally left after waiting an hour to see my doctor. They are incompent and don't care how much of their patients time they wasteLa Bamba where the burritos are as big as your head.  I suppose this would be true if I had Beetlejuice's head after he gets it shrunken by the voodoo guy.  They aren't as big as your head, so if you go in there thinking you are going to nosh on a seriously huge burrito, you are going to be let down.  Just when you think "oh well, maybe it'll at least taste good," you find out the disappointing truth, the burritos are bland and full of dry rice.  Booooo!  The path to gigantic burrito enlightenment is not here my friends, just keep on drivin' by.Don't go out of your way to get there because they probably won't be open. They were closed early the last two times I went there.Food didn't look fresh and was pretty flavorless.  My plate was sloppily put together.  The refried beans look like they have an artificial light purple color to them. Service was slow and unprofessional.  The place needs a good cleaning and update.On October 19th I purchased a 2008 Suzuki DRZ 400SM from Suter's Speed Shop located in Madison, WI. The transaction was personally handled with Steve Suter (the owner of the shop), who simply signed the title and gave it to me, after receiving the cash. At the time of the transaction, I asked if the fluids in the bike were good since it was coming out of storage. Mr. Suter replied, "yes". During this transaction I was never given a WI Motorcycle Buyers Guide, asked to sign a purchase agreement for the vehicle, or was given a used vehicle disclosure form. The only tag or information displayed on the vehicle was a tag stating "08 Suzuki DR-Z 400SM $4995" . I was given verbal confirmation by the owner, Mr. Suter, that the bike was ready to ride and so I drove it home. Due to my current living arrangement I chose to store the bike in a garage approximately 45 minutes away from my primary residence. For this reason, I was not able to thoroughly examine the bike and discover the extent of disrepair that it was in until recently. On October 24th I noticed that the bike had produced a lot of backfire from the exhaust (usually a sign of improper carb jetting) and that many of the spokes were loose (a danger to throwing the wheel out of alignment). I notified Steve Suter via phone on October 27th at 2:37pm, and asked him if the bike had passed mechanical inspection and had been properly tuned after aftermarket products were added to the motorcycle. Steve personally assured me that the bike had been properly adjusted (jetted) by the previous owner, and had passed an inspection by his shop (Suter's Speed Shop). On November 6th I thoroughly investigated the bike including the removal all of the plastics and gas tank. I found that the throttle cable had a tendency to remain open and was not closing properly. The front brake reservoir was extremely low, and the rear break fluid was discolored and needed changing. Next I changed the spark plug and found that the motorcycle was running very rich and had not been jetted properly contrary to what I had been told on October 27th. Additionally I found an excess amount of engine oil in the bike (1" over the maximum fill line). Given the combination of low brake fluid, a faulty throttle cable and loose spokes the condition of the bike when purchased from Suter's was not safe to ride. If the brakes were to malfunction and the throttle remain open that could easily cause a deadly crash. The bike was sold to me under the assumption that it had undergone a mechanical inspection and was sold as safe to ride. The information Mr. Suter provided about the bike was fictitious and illustrates blatant negligence in allowing the bike to leave his shop in such condition. I called Suter's Speed Shop on November 7th at 10:23am and spoke directly with Mr. Suter. I notified him of the issues that I had found and asked him whether it had been inspected prior to sale. He confirmed again that it was inspected, and that he was unaware that the bike was low on brake fluid. I asked if it was possible to bring the bike back to the shop to have the fluids replaced and for it to have another inspection ensuring it was safe to operate. He replied "I guess we will give you a good deal on labor".I called the Wisconsin Department of Transportation on Monday 11/9/15, and notified them of my situation. They confirmed that Suter's Speed Shop is in fact a licensed dealer (as listed on google search). Given that they are a licensed dealer and the bike was advertised and sold under the business. Suter's by Wisconsin State Statute 139.04 subsection (6) should have provided a Wisconsin Buyers Guide detailing the inspection of the bike. In addition to the Buyers Guide, Suter's failed to provide a purchase agreement and complete the registration process of the vehicle through the dealership.Don't shop here.  The owner John Menard is PURE EVIL...  Menards is a terrible place to work, not a good corporate citizen, and a terrible customer for its' vendors.  Spend your money in a local hardware store.Was hoping to get the right parts for our leaky shower handle.  Its a sad day when YouTube is more helpful then these employees.  As my wife points out, the first guy wouldn't even look away from the boxes he was breaking down.Wow. Literally worse customer service in the department store industry...what a JOKE the staff (older man and "manager") at customer service acted as if I were interrupted the pope for god sakes (no pun intended...okay maybe a little) I didn't realize pay customers, or customers in general were SUCH a burden to you folks...menards has been getting a bad rap for years...NOW I KNOW WHY!!! Farm and fleet or fleet farm is my only go to now! Mainly because menards (and home depot, which is almost as bad) are a complete waste of my time, money, and business.Worst customer service ever! 45 minutes before closing. Employees avoid you  instead of helping you find what you are looking for. Then when you ask for your paint to be shaken. They tell you in a stern voice NO WE ARE CLOSING AND DON'T HAVE TIME. $350 purchase and they make you bag it at the regester. time to switch to Home Depot.On a Sunday afternoon at around 4:30pm, this location was out of many of the Sandwiches, wraps, and pastries.Waiting 18 minutes for an American is a bit sad and truly should not be happening at Starbucks.  This is the 2nd time I've been disappointed by this site.  Poor management and training of staff is very evident.Horrible. One of the worst Starbucks I have ever been to. Bathrooms messy without toilet paper men's restroom. Wasn't busy at the time. Ordered a clover Brewer coffee and the grounds didn't get stirred in well. Worst Starbucks experience. Avoid this one at all costs. Best one I've been to is the one on the capital square.Big store, lots of seating and staff, FILTHY. I really hate stores, especially that serve food, that are filthy. I mean floors not swept, creamer area with what appears to be more than a days worth of spills, staff that takes out garbage and then goes back to serving customers without washing hands.At the moment I'm especially pissed, because they killed my car.  A brand new less than a month old 2016 Mazda3.  I had a remote starter installed.  It worked the first time.  Since then it won't start at all, with the remote starter or with the start button in the car.  The manufacturer's support says they did something during installation to drain the battery entirely.  This was installed today, and by the time I knew there was a problem the place was closed for the day.  Maybe if they make it right, fast, I'll be more forgiving.  But not today.Had an iPod installation for my car - it was the worst job I've had done for anything on my car ever.  The design was ridiculous and nothing I would have envisioned, with the aux cable dropping straight down in my middle console so that my larger apple music playing devices (e.g. iPhone, iPad - which used to fit with my old solution, also stated as a requirement) could not be used because they could no longer fit with their cable in the middle of everything.  Worse yet, I had them replace two of my speakers and the sound it not good.  The cable never connected well, as if they didn't test it.  I called to have the repair, no follow up.  I would never recommend a friend to this place nor would I ever spend another penny there - beware of service people who don't care, crappy designs, and poor quality in the end.I had to return 4 times for them to get my set up installed correctly.  Talk about inconvenient.I got a $5 coupon in the mail....wow.  Next time, I'll check YouTube and do it myself.Cost is comparable to dealer's and other reputable body shops in town.(not cheaper).

Bacon rubbery...

Me:hmm

Super far from the airport, had to take two separate shuttles. The second took a long time to arrive.The line to get the car was more than an hour long and the people working there have terrible attitude.Better spend $20 extra and go to any other car rental.Listen to the yelp reviews, there is a reason this place has SO MANY 1 star reviews, it is the worst rental experience I have ever had. If you want to waste 2 hours of your vacation time dealing with idiots, this this is your place. Otherwise DON'T GO HERE! TERRIBLE SERVICE!It takes forever to finally get a car that is in bad shape and dirty, also BEWARE they give you a discount if you pay in advance so that you are not able to cancel. That is the definition of CROOKS!!This place is awful. I waited in line for about 45 minutes. Then you wait in line again for about 20 minutes to get the keys to the car. Finally you wait in line for another 25 minutes to get out. Avoid.Where to begin? Waited over an hour in line for them to tell us that they cannot proceed with the reservation because the credit card used for booking wasn't present. The manager was called because we explained that the card had been cancelled for security reasons and the manager (after much convincing) RUDELY said he could cancel it and charge another card for "courtesy". We came with proof of booking and proof of payment. Many of the other customers were frustrated with the line and process as well. They had three people working when we arrived, a few minutes after we got into line they sent one person on break without a replacement. He line had AT LEAST 20 people in it and no backup was called. Will not rent from FOX again. Very disappointed and unsatisfied.WORST SERVICE EVER!!! It's my birthday. We took a late night flight into Vegas and now I'm here, after 1am, waiting in a long, long line of people waiting for a rental car. There is 1, sometimes 2, persons serving us. But it's been 30 minutes now and I'm almost halfway through the line. Happy Birthday to me.This rental car company offers rates that are a lot cheaper than competitors.  Before you

The check for the 3 of us was $40. That's crazy.Went in because we had some time to kill - happy hour service in the bar was pretty slow - also ordered the "queso" which was basically melted cheese with spinach in it - absolutely terrible - there were only 2 of us and we each took one small bite. The waitress never asked if we liked it or why we didn't touch it ... Pretty poor service to not even acknowledge that. Probably won't return. Salsa was decent.Gotta say re-cheesing is bad!  We ordered drinks after a pretty long wait, then ordered 'ultimate nachos with steak' when we were able to flag down our waiter. One hour after we arrived no nachos. We flagged down the chip delivery guy and told him our quandary. Not 3 minutes later our nachos arrived. Softly melted cheese, cold sour cream Guacamole. Thinking we scored a great plate of nachos we dug in. Underneath the beautiful cheese was petrified cheese fused to both the chips and the plate. Knowing now that when faced with a super late order the kitchen was willing to try and fake us out with a scraped off and re-cheesed plate of nachos completely erodes my confidence in the establishment.

As a new small business I foolishly put my trust into Ryan's to purchase several pieces of grooming  equipment. Thus far eight months into my business I am stuck with "Paw Brothers" junk! All 4 of the electric grooming tables are leaving my white dogs paws black from the rubber used on the tops. Just this past weekend a medium size dog pulled and one of the table tops broke right off exposing nothing more that pressed cardboard! I called them and Gary promissed 4 new tops. Only to get another call saying that they were out of warranty and they discontinued that table and they couldn't even get me replacement tops. How lovely! There was no help for them in any way. The dryer with stand that I bought broke within a couple of weeks. They would rather lose a customer than make things right.So if you have to make ends meet and need good equipment make sure you shop where they back up thier equipment. Pet Edge will at least do thier best to make things right and keep a client.Not my first go around with Ryan's should have never spent money with them again.Good prices but this please is honestly not worth the hassle. First of all you have to leave your purse at the counter. I am not comfortable doing that anywhere. Who does that? The only place I have ever seen this before was ASU's bookstore. Then you walk in this warehouse that has NO air conditioning!!! I made the mistake of going yesterday in the middle of the day (111 degrees out, yikes!) Then you get inside and you have to carry a catalog to refer to for prices since items are unmarked in large boxes. If they had a/c it would have been worth it to save a few bucks on the toys my dog destroys in minutes but no air conditioning??? IN ARIZONA?? Madness!I used to love them, then they sent me a pair of dull shears. Then they sent  me a new pair , but it only took 2months to send me a new pair to the wrong address mind you. So decided to buy from someplace else.  Just got the new shears and am sending them back but  I HAVE TONPAY THENSHIPPING ON THEIR CRAP......  I'm through with ryans  and there's obnoxious shit....Traveling all the way from Chandler to this place to find out for myself the greatness as advertised AND... we walk in at 4:25 and begin to look and are informed "We are closed now. Thank you. We will give you a catalog and we will ship to you."  As we explained we just traveled 30 miles to get here AND one of us traveled from California, we were given, "We are closed at 4:30.  Thank you."Really?  We couldn't take five minutes to get to shears which is what we went for.  Nope.  This place didn't want our business.  They were closed.  (five minutes early.)I won't go back.  Lots of places sell pet supplies and I don't need to go here again.I have to down vote this business for a terrible customer service experience. On a blazing hot Friday afternoon I left work early and drove all the way down to McDowell to pick up some toys for my dog. I walked up and saw the posted hours-- 4:30pm close, and my watch was just about at 4:30. I reached to open the door, unsure if it would be locked-- to my pleasant surprise, it was still open, I was so excited. The cashiers allowed me to head back to the warehouse-- again, I was relieved! I made a beeline for the toys and just a few feet before I reached them one of the workers pops out, literally stands in the middle of the aisle with his arms crossed (as if I were trying get backstage at a concert), and tells me the business is closed and that I had to leave. I told him that I just needed to grab a couple of toys, that I would need 2 minutes (under the circumstances, I would have been quick), but he wouldn't let me pass. When I politely persisted he asked me what toys I was interested in, and told me he would get them for me. I told him that I couldn't possibly know what they had in stock and that I just needed to visually see what they had (and how the heck do you describe some of these dog toys anyway??). No dice, he told me that I had to go. Really?? Inflexible, embarrassing, and a total wasted trip. I was steamed. Rather than ask for a manager when I was agitated, I decided to drive home and email customer service. They emailed back the following Monday and told me, essentially, the employee did was he was supposed to do, blaming it on concern for customer safety with all of the heavy equipment they utilize after hours in the warehouse. Mind you that I had been let in building, that nobody stopped me from entering the warehouse, that it had maybe just turned 4:30, that there were other customers there, that there was no heavy equipment in sight and that I had asked for 2 minutes. They were perfectly fine with their employee telling me that I had to leave, and they made no effort to keep a repeat customer.Bummer, I was so excited to learn of Ryan's Pet Supplies a couple of years ago-- and indeed, they have a great selection at terrific prices, I considered it worth the burden of driving into a bad area with restricted hours. I had given them all of my business ever since. Now I will never go back again, and I will let everyone know that Ryan's Pet Supplies couldn't care less about their customers.I've ordered cans of pro sheen in the past, and no problems. this time 2 cans were defective. tops broke off and it was dripping out,so i cant ship it back..(post office wont go for that) I've emailed Ryans twice about it and haven't gotten a response.its been a month or more now. Ive found another company that carries similar spray. really disappointed in them .bad costumer service.I just order a collar for my dog. They have a great site which is easy to navigate. I checked the receipt and noticed not only a shipping charge of almost $9 but there was a handling charge of $7 on top of that. I called customer service and they explained that the handling charge is place on purchases under $60 and that covers the trouble to pick the smaller orders and cover the cost of the packing materials. I then said that I didnt realize that you use more shipping suppplies on a small order (collar) and I didnt realize that it was more troucle to pick a small order since they only said that they charge a handling charge on small orders under $60. You decide for yourself........................ Yes its my fault for not checking this prior to hitting confirm button!It may be cheap, but being charged $107 for something I did not buy. Is ridiculous!!  Some other guy has my last name and I get charged!  Mandy Hartwell has sent me a receipt but I have yet to see a refund!  It's been 5 days!  Where is my money Ryan's pet store!!Google shows this store open until 5, showed up at 4:45 and was told they closed at 4:30. Explained that the website had the wrong time and the only solution was to come back tomorrow. I don't have time to be constantly calling small places like this and double checking their hours.The repair service is terrible. They replaced a cord on my sheers and did a terrible job. The cord has a cover at the end by the sheers which keeps protects the cord from damage. It broke off after them using to sheer 1 lamb! When I made the 50 mile return trip they told me they were out of the cover when they fixed my cord so they just put my old broken cover back on. REALLY?? Who does that? And they did not inform me of it either. Now they don't offer to fix it and the wires are partially exposed so my cord is going to break again??So fast forward and I take it to another repair man who tells me this. "The repair man that fixed them did not do it right. They striped the wires too long and left a bare spot on the positive wire. By taking too much of the outside covering off.  Didn't fasten the outside of the cord tight enough, so it pulled right out. Should never been given back to customer with the bare wire out where they could have been shocked by it without cord protector." YES YOU READ THAT RIGHT, the customer could have been SHOCKED!! Not only did they do a terrible job (and not try in any way to fix it but also they left myself and my children who also sheer their sheep in danger. I will not be recommending this place to anyone ever. You would probably be better off watching YouTube  and fixing them yourself. You will have the same level of safety and better service because I assume you care about yourself!!DO NOT ORDER HERE!!!! CONSUMER BEWARE! I purchased some equipment around New Years time, but ordered over the phone because I had quite a few questions regarding my order. I told Gary in shipping that I understand I qualify for free shipping but that I need my order quickly and seeming that it was the holidays, I would be glad to pay the fee. He said I didn't need to do that and my order would arrive the next day. I felt uneasy about this and called back the next day to get an update on my package, which I ended up finding out I wouldn't be getting until the 4th. I told them this was a mistake and they sent me to the manager, Kurt.Kurt ended up returning my original package to sender and making a whole new order for me, I just had to pay $36 for the shipping. I thought everything was all said and done except they accidentally refunded my account, so yet again another mistake. They waited an entire month after I purchased my equipment to send me a letter in the mail asking for their money back. I'm all about integrity, so I called Kurt back and told him I was very upset by this entire thing, especially since he set this whole thing up. First my shipping error, now this. I told him the money got taken out of my account by mistake and asked if I could pay payments. He said I could and to just call back towards the end of the month and we'll work something out (which I was fine with).This entire thing bothered me so much, I decided to speak to the owner named David. I explained what happened in an email and he called me the next day, but before I could even respond, he took a $400 lump sum out of my account after I was told I could do payments and before I even authorized it. He pretty much told me because I got my equipment on time, I still owed them despite their mistakes. He wasn't willing to give me a discount and best of all, I was informed I could not do payments like I was told. The owner of this company was a completely greedy business owner. It's sad because I thought they were a good, honest company. I will never order from this company again. This entire situation was just a nightmare and I was the one who got the short stick in the end because of their mistakes. Don't order from here, you might get screwed in the end.I really hate giving bad reviews, but the seafood was terrible here.  You could tell we were eating old shrimp. The salmon was also old and had a super strong, fish odor.  Cost was too expensive. We paid $50 for two dinners one pop and one margarita.  The salsa was just ok.  The only thing that was good was the margarita, but I went there for seafood. Very disappointing.How incredibly pathetic.  I just had the worst experience at Red.  Then I get on Yelp and realize how many others have come to the same conclusion--enough to write about it!  How can a store possibly survive if you are treated so poorly.  Wow.  I was seriously shocked--zero personality and 100% icy and rude--as if they didn't even want you in the store.  So why did they open one?  Even if I found the perfect piece, I would never buy from RED MODERN FURNITURE.  People buy from people.  It is about time the owner figured that out.I gave up on this place years ago, when it first opened in its original location.  Nothing was priced, the owner was incredibly rude, and everything I asked for pricing on was strangely $1000 + (even a lamp I already owned and paid $20 for at a thrift store).  It was as if he didn't think I was worthy of owning any of his furniture.  I have since frequently seen him at estate and yard sales around phoenix, buying furniture for $150 which I then see priced close to $1000 in the shop.  I have also heard complaints that he has sold recovered furniture as all-original vintage! Give your money to someone kind who is not out to scam you like RED is......Mid century furniture is supposed to be warm, welcoming, and approachable. Not here. Almost every piece of furniture had a sign on it: "do not touch" or "do not sit". It felt more like an overpriced museum. When I asked the owner about all the signs, she said "I don't go to a luxury car dealership and sit in all the cars I can't afford. People who buy a really nice piece of furniture here don't want something that everyone has sat their butt on." I'll never waste my time there again.So I came on here to "Rag on Red." Looks like a LOT of people beat me to it. After having a great brunch at St. Francis across the parking lot, my boyfriend and I decided to take a peek in. Well, first of all, I wasn't sure there was anyone there for a while. Which was fine, we just kept looking around and being goofy looking at all the cool old stuff that they have to offer. As we made our way through the store I found who I could only make out as a sales man sitting in front of some lady on a computer. They bothered themselves to greet us at that point. Never getting out of their seats at any point of our visit. (I've worked my way through college/law school doing retail, big no-no not greeting customers and making them feel un-welcomed).Soooo... I was mindlessly walking around the furniture portion of the store when.......GASSSSSPPPP! I tapped on some of the furniture with my finger nail!!! You would have though I had taken a hammer to it with their reaction. I was admiring their selection and not reading all the little signs about not touching anything. Whatever.I was annoyed with them not wanting me to touch anything but alas, its their store, if they don't want people to enjoy their products that's their business. What blew my top was when my boyfriend (who is very friendly and is always interested in what a business has to offer) asked them a question about a chair. An Egg Chair. You would have thought he sounded like a babbling idiot because their answers where so pretentious and condescending. He asked about other things they had in the store and they had the same cold attitude everyone else on here talks about.  Anyway, I'm assuming that the majority of the their actual customers come from web sales because there is no way anyone I know would spend that kind of money on furniture when the sales staff is acting like they're doing you a favor by allowing you to breath in their precious vintage air.I was so excited to check out this store. Living in a vintage building and flush with cash, I felt it was the best prospect for furnishing my apartment. However after spending a few minutes in the store I felt cold, alienated and stupid,

Rude service!!

I was already unpacked, and it wasn't worth the trouble. I just don't understand why you don't spray bleach around there and get rid of that.Also, it was perhaps the only hotel I've ever stayed at where they have a coffee maker, but the coffee you have to buy. Most hotels have tea and coffee there for you.There are other complaints, but it's after midnight right now and I just don't care enough to get into them all.Maybe if I win more next time in Vegas, I can afford a fancy suite and a bigger casino.What used to be a great fun hotel and party place to stay, hang out, get great food and gamble (and even win sometimes), is now like a senior citizen, creaking at the seams and very tired. Room appointments were old. High school style featureless showers and bath, with shower head straight out of the YMCA. Lumpy mattress and a bed that sinks in the middle. Lighting insufficient to make the room comfortable at evening and WIFI that doesn't go beyond 2 bars - insufficient to stream or really have 3-4 windows open. One of the sinks didn't drain and a grumpy plumber arrived who drilled for 30 minutes to get it working. Noisy refridgerator.The casino itself is equally aged and featureless. Gone are the stunning hostesses in green outfits... replaced by haggard irritated staff who run around but never someone a drink. Grumpy valets outside want you to pull right up to the bumper of the car in the front of the queue though there is only the two cars in the entire valet section. Front desk check in took 30 minutes. Buffet choices were full of dry meat, oily pastas and potatoes, over sweetened desserts without finesse.Needless to say, for the same money (room of $100 a night), right on the Strip, there are now many choices and we won't be back.Room Tip: Best tip - don't come to the Rio.This place is as undesirable as living on the street and I have done that. The carpet has the odor and stains of a cheap motel while the furniture bare similar resemblance to something I left in front of my yard for donation. As with anything in Las Vegas, you pay for what you get. Next time my buddies want to go to Las Vegas and book the Rio, I will turn them down.$20 per night hidden fee revealed at check in per night adding $100 to the trip.  Food overpriced at all the hotel restaurants, high prices in the one store.  Non-smoking room has cigarette burns on all the furniture, frayed fabric.  No fan in bathroom, sinks don't drain, fridge doesn't work. Not allowed to bring gatorade in plastic bottle to the pool area so you have to buy more overpriced refreshments inside.  TV/Cable frequently shutting off, as does the $14 per day wifi.  Never again...I WANT TO GO HOME.Checked in Sunday and found myself stuck in line because there was a big convention (and didn't realize that nursing convention visitors could be so rude).  I stood in line for an hour to get my keys.  I will mention the front deskman (Ricky for CA) was suuuper nice and warned us that our room would have some noise overhead from the pool.  No biggie to me.After waiting a long time to get our luggage from the bell desk (that includes being on hold for 20 minutes AND THEN waiting for the luggage to come up), we went to the pool to catch some rays.  Poor is nice...not amazing...but this is a Rio so I can't complain..  HOWEVER, I can complain about the state of our room.  The faucets were clogged with what was likely vomit.  We called housekeeping/maintenance (was on hold for 40 minutes before we hung up and called back) and waited again for the maintenance guy to come up.  The sinks in this hotel tend to have this clogging problem per the maintenance guy...and he was spending all day unclogging sinks.  He was also by himself and and this was a 2 person job.  My bf kindly stepped in to help him hold part of the sink so he could attempt to unclog it.  Kind of gross- my bf got sprayed by whatever was in the sink in the process.  After that happened, the maintenance guy called down to the front to ask if we could be moved and "they" said "no" [because they were so behind with the convention].  The maintenance guy left and came back with some other tools but in the end he was unable to fix the sink without "causing a big mess".  We were finally moved to another room- an upgrade!!! i.e. a bigger suite.Boy were we STILL in for a surprise.  The room wasn't that bad...until you noticed the small things.  Wallpaper peeling...dirty showers...etc.  And in addition, the hallways smelled like an illegal substance which kept seeping into our room.  To each his own, but I'm not in college anymore and I don't need to have everything smell like pot.The people that work here are really nice but the management is selfish and/or probably overworked like everyone else.  I didn't need a suite upgrade- it's not something I feel like I'm entitled to (I would have rather had the stupid resort fee waived or a free dinner if I had to choose).  However, I do expect decent service and decent rooms.  We ALMOST went home early but decided to stick it up.  I'm so annoyed though I am NEVER STAYING HERE AGAIN!!!The only reason this got 1 star is because I haven't found any bugs in the room, yet. We came in for a conference at this hotel and arrived in the morning, with no sleep. I'm not surprised that they first told that check-in is at 4pm, but the front staff offered no help in trying to acquire a room, even after we offered to pay for the previous day, just so we could get a couple hours sleep before the conference started. I hardly believe that a single room at any rate was not available, on a Monday morning. Come back at 12:30 for early check-in was the response. We asked if there was any quiet area where we could rest, or somewhere my wife could freshen up to get ready for a meeting. Again, "no" was the answer. The concierge told us we might find something on the second floor. We did. A cold stone bench. What kind of hotel doesn't have comfortable seating for relaxing, waiting, small group meetings, discussions, etc.? Well, this one.After taking no more than 30 minutes of the stone bench, we left. We came back at 12:30 and checked-in to a long line. Early check-in is $20 plus tax extra. Internet, found free in most every hotel in the world, is also extra.I was under the impression that all rooms were suites. This is not a suite but a single large square room. There is a TV (that you cannot see from the bed) and minibar opposite the window, bed and couch occupying the remaining walls. There is a small alcove with dresser, safe, and a sink to vomit in outside the simple nondescript bathroom which could have come from a Motel 6. The Motel 6 quality continues to the bed, a squeaky overly firm king size with so-so sheets, no bedspread,  a depressed center, and hard foam pillows smelling of cigarette smoke.I opened the minibar to insert a soda which I had earlier purchased to get cold again. Within 15 minutes a maid appeared with a milk crate and proceeded to empty the entire contents and drag it away. Her stated reason was that their contents was being altered with different brands. She also stated that there was a sensor in the minibar that alerted staff that it was being used and we would be automatically charged for it's use.  WTF? I do not wish to be unfair to Motel 6, but there, you don't expect a JW Marriott, here you do. What you get here is a Motel 6 with a casino under it. It's redeeming quality is that the Gold Coast is next door and you and go there for the inexpensive breakfast.I see there are 3 stars on the main page here for the Rio?  Go some where else!! called around 12 to get room cleaned...  we went to pool @ 10 am. called at noon. still at 2:30 pm no room service. You know! never was a big Vegas fan! now?  i don't get it? what is the big deal? I have been on cruise's that take better care of customers!!  What happens in Vegas is all hype!!!  I can do better and will.Paid for an unlimited wristband and it ended up being a complete waste of $70 to those who are already VIP members at the hotel. The gaudy manager who goes by the name Art Pepper gave awful service to guests. His tone of voice was uncalled for. The cashier with bad makeup who goes by the name "Sasha" gave a snarky attitude to the guests as well. They need to reevaluate the way they treat their guests at this hotel. I can get better service at a Burger King drive-thru.You'd have to pay me to get me to come again

So now I have to go thru the manufacturer because they don't insure these phones. G'head, ask me if any of this was explained at the time of purchase... Nope.These are actually simple fixes: customer thinks product you sold them is rubbish, make it right right there instead of shuffling it off to someone else. With everything going on between every other competitor offering to pay cancellation fees to switch I assumed a business would do everything it could to retain every customer.... But I suppose they would tell me how that was actually my fault too for assuming. My bad Sprint. Sorry.recently changed carriers to sprint, went into the store to exchange my phone and have everything transferred from my old phone to the new sprint phone, and they literally half assed it lol. it took them two hours and they did not transfer a majority of my pictures and none of my videos. Now all of my memories are gone to shit thanks to these fucking idiots who don't know how to do their jobs rightI was referred to Apex for a root canal on 1 tooth.  When I got there, they recommended a retreatment on a different tooth that had broken off.  At the time, Dr. Nathan Baker stated, "If your dentist cannot save this tooth, let us know & we will credit your account for this retreatment".   So, I, trusting the Dr., agreed!!  Well, when I went back to my dentist, they were not able to save that tooth.  When we contacted Apex Endodontics & explained the situation, they said a "credit" check would be issued.  When I received the check in the mail, I was more than shocked to see that it was for $32.00!!!!!  They had billed me for $999.00 for the retreatment on a tooth that my dentist did not even refer me for!!!  I am shocked at this!!!   How can Apex Endodontics hold their heads up & expect to get respect when they deceive their client like this????????My dentist in Chandler sent me here. In fairness, I won't be going back there, either. Both determined that I needed a root canal on a tooth with a dead nerve. Fine. Did it. everyone got their money (which, as a previous reviewer remarked, seems the paramount concern). A month later I noticed that tooth hurt - significantly enough that I felt I needed to go back. Thankfully, I only had a temporary crown on it but even still - that was a couple hundred dollars out of pocket. Dr. Hardy 'tests' my teeth and basically throws his hands up and says 1) leave it alone, take some steroids and antibiotics and 'see if it goes away' 2) redo all the work and put some medicine directly into the canal and see if it improves 3) pull tooth 4) surgery (not recommended). 5) Go to an Ear Nose Throat doctor and see if it is my sinuses. I just looked at him incredulously. He stared at me blankly. I said "I'm not the one who went to dental school." Why does it hurt out of nowhere? Shouldn't it not hurt at all? How can we NOT KNOW what is going wrong to the point where we're going to play "Pin the Tooth on the Nerve Ending" three or four more times until we figure it out? I seriously can't believe with all that equipment - with all their diplomas and training - everything is as much of a guessing game as it appears. Don't waste your time or money. Dr. Hardy's 'gee whiz' attitude almost made me burst into flames right there. I'll find someone else. Thankfully there are several hundred to choose from in the greater Phoenix metro area. Do yourself a favor and avoid this one.I went for a root canal evaluation as recommended by my regular dentist (whom I love!). I was charged $505.00, out of pocket, for a less than 15 minute consult on my tooth to inform me I'm probably going to lose the tooth anyway.When I went back to my regular dentist and shared this news and the cost my dentist was a little shocked at the price (as was I). Today, three months after service, I got another bill for $68.00. OH heck NO! You're kidding me right?  I'm not paying for their pretty little office in their pretty little building.   :)Like many others have said, they are most concerned about how much money they can get from you, but second to that is your comfort so I guess that's something.Dirty, grimy, smoke-filled waiting room. Exceptionally rude workers. One of their girlfriends just hangs out on the old couch inside the hot, stinky "office" that is full of garbage and chain smokes and watches TV all day. Couldn't answer any questions. Feel like they are holding my van hostage. Their satellite in Globe apparently has it, but no one answers the phones there. Ended up stranded in the middle of nowhere, having to pay for cabs and a hotel because they promised to have work done and then - what? - fled the country? Still looking for answers.I purchased a Rheem unit from them based on the record of the unit and the warranty that was included in the price. The warranty is for 12 yrs., parts-labor. This was stated in the newspaper,the sales person and the contract. Now that 2 years have gone by the co. Is stating to keep this warranty in effect I have to purchase a preventive maintenance  agreement for approx. $1200. I questioned them on this and they told me all the co's do this and that I should have read the back of the contract line 40.  Line 40 says nothing about an extra fee only that I am responsible for making the appointment.  If you are shopping for an a.c., I would think twice about this co.My mid 80s aged neighbor woman told my wife that (Alaskan said) rats had gotten into her new AC just over 90 days after installation, eaten the wire and shut it down. Alaskan came out and repaired it for her at no charge. But then she asked that the entire lower panel (about 4"high surrounding the bottom of the unit) be covered, since the holes, some 2" in diameter, and others about 8" wide by 2" high, were still giving access to not only her unit, but her crawl space under her mfd. home as well. Not only could rats get in, but birds could nest there also. I took on the issue and called another BRYANT dealer (friend of mine) about this problem. He said he knows the unit, that it comes that way, but he, having a metal shop in his building, as all HVAC people do (to make ductwork), he fabricates covers and installs them, sealing his ACs & Heat Pumps off from vermin invasion. Another neighbor, who just had his Heat Pump replaced a year ago, has no open holes anywhere in the unit, the vendor having sealed them up by installing cover panels all along the bottom as the last part of the job. So neighbor woman gets on the phone and insists they come out to cover the big holes up at my urging. They made an appt., but then the day of the appt., the sales rep called to say they weren't going to send anyone out. This is where the scumbag manner gets going. He told her it was "your problem." He said, "those units we usually install on rooftops," (factory says they are for rooftops or ground cement pad installation when I called them-her's is on a cement pad on the ground), that "it's a low end (cheap) product." This after a $9000 bid with rebates putting it in the upper $5000 price range, which IS competitive. He goes on to say, "We didn't force you to buy this from us." He was rude and abusive, and THIS is why he's had the licensing problems and fines laid on him as heretofore described by another reviewer--and that which I saw when I visited the Registrar of Contractor's web page. If it's corrosive brain disease, or just a naturally nasty man at the helm, this is not company with which to do business. I got a sheet of tin at Lowe's and cut the pieces and sealed the woman's unit myself. She paid me $10 for the metal and insisted I take another $10 for my trouble. I told her just wanted the $10 for the materials, but she got quite insistent. Finally, she told me she was stuck with Alaskan for the 10 year mfr's warranty on the Heat Pump. Again I phoned Bryant and learned that ANY licensed HVAC contractor can make repairs and seek warranty payment, so I gave her MY man's name and phone number after making sure he'd do it for her if ever necessary--freeing her from EVER having to deal with Alaskan again, and she was GREATLY relieved. Thank you for reading this, and, yes, avoid these folks.About a year ago we had this company come to the house to look at our 2 heating & cooling units.  The service person came down from the attic with this quote: "You are on the verge of disaster!"  I thought the unit might come crashing down through the ceiling and kill us in our sleep.  We needed both units replaced but new models would be out by Labor Day with discounts available.  Time was of the essence.We had another company come out that our neighbor recommended and he said everything looked OK.  When I told him what the other service person had said he indicated they were either incompetent, fraudulent or both.I would not recommend having anything to do with this company.Got food poisoning on 6-14-15.  Had to call in sick today.  No bueno and no return trip there ever. Bummer....Almost a 30 minute wait for food and then they completely forgot about me and sold one of the items I ordered! Manager did nothing to accommodate me afterwards. This place is NEVER ready for the dinner rush! Never coming back to this location!!!The only reason this location gets a star at all is because it is a Panda Express. The service and food is consistently terrible. We have been to this location now three times and every time they run out of food, the employees are slow, ineffective, and apathetic, and the floor is a sticky mess. I encourage the manager and owner to spend more time training their employees.I stopped here to get gas after my partners show.  My partner went in to use the bathroom as he had many times before, the cashier told him "we don't have a bathroom for you"...obviously the cashier is homophobic and I would suggest that u not give this circle k your business. I will be calling his manager and corprate in the morningAwful experience when there was a problem with the pump after I swiped my credit card.  I tried to use the pump but it was stuck or something and didn't work, so I went inside and asked the clerk to cancel the transaction because I was going to try another pump.  He said there was no transaction to cancel.  I went to another pump and as I was pumping my gasoline, another person pulled up and I could see that she was pumping on my credit card transaction, so I went inside and the idiot clerk wouldn't do a thing about it after he told me there was nothing to cancel out.  The woman who used my credit card refused to pay me for the gas she stole.  Had to get their corporate office involved to get my refund.  What a nightmare.This place sucks , I got wrong coffee cup for the 1$ coffee and she was completely rude and such a deceptive bitch. Also she wouldn't get me cash back?? But other circle K do???. This place is shit.I decided to break from routine and get a haircut at a local Great Clips. I called ahead and asked if they had an experienced barber that could do a flat top. The lady assured me that they did. I was Leary to say the least when she sat me in a chair of a 20 something fibbertygibbet dressed like Madonna. Half way through this butchering, she asked my advice and then the advice of the owner on how to accomplish this haircut. Kid you not, it was an inch longer at the sides than the center. I looked like a cross between the Gunny and flock of seagulls. I went home, set the clippers on 3 and finished the job......Would not go back here unless I lost a bet.My girlfriend went for an appointment here and the stylist didn't come in. We re-scheduled for the next day and when we walked in the manager said we would be the first customer for the stylist day. When we walked in (early), the stylist took someone else first. My girlfriend went to the manager and asked what happened and she would not answer. When we finally got to the chair for a cut the stylist took out the electric razor and went right for the scalp with a #2 blade!  My girlfriend yelled my name and when I went up to see what was wrong I couldn't believe what I saw. I feel the stylist did this on purpose. She should never cut hair again. My girlfriend did not want me to name her name in fear she would lose her job. If that were me, she would have. What the hell is going on at this place?!I went in for a retouch box braids and kinky twists that I had done at Rare Essence about six weeks ago. The salon had closed and I was trying to find another quality salon nearby. Boy, did I make the wrong decision. After hours of doing my 8 year old kinky twists, it was atrocious. I have never been so disappointed with a hair style before. Her hair looked worse after the stylist, Justina did it. No twists were the same size, poor quality, and it was really hard to distinguish it from braids or twists. Now, to my hair, i was told by the stylist that I don't have box braids that they were in fact micros which were much more expensive than box braids. I explained to her I don't mind what "you" call them, but I need my hair to look exactly like it is with same size and quality. What I ended up with was, two styles of braids on one head. Micros in the perimeter and back, and box braids in the middle. It looked absolutely horrible. After hours of sitting, I get a disaster. I explained to my stylist, Justina,  my dissatisfaction who only proceeded to collect my money and didn't acknowledge me whatsoever. She was completely rude and was not interested in providing great customer service or satisfaction. She was only interested in the money which in turn is why she charged me for a higher service, something I didn't have in the first place. I ended up paying over $200 for a service I wasn't so unhappy with. Not to mention, more than ten braids started falling out two days later.  I don't mind paying for quality at all, but give me QUALITY work. This was beyond poor. I will never make the mistake of visiting this place again. I hope this review helps those of you out there looking for a braiding salon. This is NOT the one. Save your money or drive to Rare Essence in Tempe. It'll be worth it in the end.Horrible, late, unprofessional, no knowledge of braiding hair, not Caribbean   but Africans. Overall, horrible place!!!!I got my daughters kinky twists done here and they were falling out the next day. Her hair is short so I get it BUT in other places twists were very loose. Keep in mind I paid $120...they shouldn't be loose within a week.  Their attitudes are the worse though. Very ugly in the way they speak to customers who pay really good $$$. I won't be coming back and I don't recommend it even though the work is good.RATING: NEGATIVE STARS!!!I know it's an overused adage, but this place licks the sweat off of a dead donkey's balls!Don't believe the hype, the TV commercials are a sham!  And most importantly, do NOT darken their door unless you have time and gas money to waste.Liquidation?  What the hell are they liquidating, my wallet?  Oh Yeaaah!  Two couches for $3000?  This is the same stuff you can find at Ashley or Mor, where their regular prices are less than AHF's advertised 'going out of business' price.Shame, Shame on you American Home Furnishings.  You wouldn't know bankruptcy liquidation pricing if it licked the sweat off your dead donkey's balls!Don't shop here. Do yourself a favor.I went in looking for a bed, and found a nice king that the salesman named Damon said was a bit more than $400. Everything there was getting a 10% discount, so that put the price under $400.Sounds great, but I wanted my husband to take a look. I told him to go see it, and if he liked it, to buy it.Well, he did, but when he came home I saw they charged him nearly $200 more for the bed. WTF? He said that Damon wasn't working that day, so he had to buy it from another guy who just seemed shady.So I called Damon and complained. He said he would look into it and call me back. He never did.Very unprofessional all around.DO NOT SHOP HERE....My boyfriend and I recently purchased a house and went to American home furnishings to look for a bedroom set. We found the set we wanted and had to wait about a month until we could purchase the set due to our move in date. We came back the second time with the exact set in mind that we already knew we wanted. The sales people there are incredibly pushy and the epitome of a slime ball. We dealt with this guy who did not listen to anything we said. We were initially quoted $850 for the set including free delivery and install. When we went to purchase the bedroom set, the sales man we dealt with stated the price would be $980 plus tax and delivery charges. Then, he acted like he was doing me a favor by offering me "10% off..."Long story short, none of these sales people have the same info and they're out to scam you. If you do happen to purchase furniture here....ask for the 10% off... it comes standard. If it is not given to you, you are paying the horrendous sales men that extra 10%. We will not be going back to this place.Unless you have a lot of time to stand around looking at the employees who are standing around,  while long lines of customers wait at the one ( two if your lucky) registers to check out, I would strongly recommend  avoiding this store.Ordered glasses on a Friday afternoon and picked out a frame that was scratched. The bill was almost $900, so we asked if we could have a new frame, not the store sample.The store clerk promised to order a new frame, but could not give us any time frames. We called the owner, Fanny, on Monday at around 1:00 PM, after having to argue with her daughter for 10 minutes to get her name and phone number.Fanny informed me that 5 minutes after we left the store, they realized the frame was not scratched, just dirty, and they decided to use the store frame to make our glasses.I asked her if she didnt think it would have been appropriate to call us and let us know that they had decided not to get us a new frame. I never even got to ask about the time frame of when the glasses would be ready. Fanny was arrogant, rude, and screamed at me in French and English. She lectured me that she has been in the business for 25 years, and then went off on this random tangent about how her employees had watched her give birth to her children? Not sure what that was all about, but in the end she screamed some more, and I asked for a refund and she hung up on me. It was a big waste of time, and I would say go anywhere but to these stores - they are all owned by the same woman.I've never been treated worse or felt more deceived than I did at Paris optique today...purchased non-custom sunglasses last week, specifically asked salesman about return policy as I paid cash, and was told I had 10 days. I even commented that that was kind of a short time period compared to other places, but he said not to worry Bc I would love the sunglasses...he then had me sign the receipt without saying anything else.I went back to return them yesterday, and had my head chewed off by a French lady that claimed to be the owner of all Paris Optique locations.I simply said I wanted a refund when they asked if I wanted store credit or an exchange...

Fried fish bath in oil, can't even finish it. Fried rice mushy, saggy, wet in oil, salted fish smells like skunk, one word.. TERRIBLE!!

Good luck out there....AVOID AT ALL COSTS-First it took about 10 minutes after we sat down before we were asked if we wanted drinks, the waitress didn't come back and see how we were doing. At no bar and grill, should you have to chase down the waitress for some more napkins or utensils. Later, I went to the bar to order one of their expensive, weak drinks. After I dealt with the bartenders rudeness, I got the drink and as I was paying for it, dude says " oh, this will help out with the power bill, the big tip that you gave me!" then as I was walking away, he started raising his voice and saying " thanks man!"

You get the idea. Dish after dish, we could only take one bite.  We were so disgusted we decided to not try any more and just try out the dessert bar.  Other than the gelato, it was no better than you would get in any Chinese buffet.  We were so very, very disappointed.I wanted to love this place but we had a horrible experience last night.At first, I was impressed with the selection of food and the presentation. I took several pictures excited to share them with my social networks...But then things got ugly!We were a ladies group of 10 instead of 13, we thought they were kind enough to reserve the table of 13 for us because we were celebrating a bride-to-be, but really it wasn't out of kindness, it was a CONTRACT. This was thrown in our face several times by the server and the manager at the end of our meal demanding payment for the 3 extra heads. We tried to explain what happened with the extra people but they weren't hearing it, why? Because we signed a CONTRACT!Regardless of what we signed, we are not professional event planners and the CONTRACT wasn't explained to us properly to begin with. As we tried to straighten this out and explain things and ask for some understanding and flexibility, the manager became increasingly irritated and threatened to charge us several hundred dollars for being at the table for more than 2 hours..why? Because we signed a CONTRACT! And CONTRACT groups only get 2 hours at a table. So I asked him, "If we just waited in line, instead of reserved this table, would we be charged for 10 heads instead of 13 heads and be able to sit here as long as we wanted?" He said yes, but YOU have a CONTRACT!" So our beautiful bride-to-be who flew all the way from Italy for this special week said "Wow, you kind of have a bad attitude" then he got all worked up and threatened us and called security. And we were "escorted out". Even the security guards, while still doing their job, thought this was silly. Seriously, a bunch of 30-40 year old professional women including television producers, military women who serve this country, and hard working mothers, are THAT threatening. It was ridiculous, embarrassing, and unnecessary...But apparently, we signed a CONTRACT! I have dined at many many many fine restaurants in Las Vegas, with many groups of women, where I gladly paid $75, $100, even $150 for a nice dinner. The bride CHOSE to try the Wicked Spoon buffet so we went there instead of a normal restaurant, and she ends up getting booted?!?!?!?I have never ever dealt with such an unprofessional and inflexible establishment. The whole fiasco was utterly ridiculous.Food was good. Desserts are amazing.

I made a reservation online and thought it was weird i didnt have to put my credit card info in so i called the customer service number and asked them to verify i had made a reservation and that i MUST have the car, i even offered to give them my credit card but they told me not to worry because my reservation was already made.I get to Vegas at midnight, I'm tired, my husband has a softball game to play in 6 hours, I'm ready to get my damn car and go. I get to the counter and 2 lazy assholes are sitting there looking like they don't even work there, i get closer and they yell out they are closed so i yell back "what do you mean closed?" I made a reservation, so they yell back "we're out of cars"... at that point I didnt even know what to say but i got closer to the counter and asked them how come and told them i made a reservation and even double checked it, all they said to me was they ran out of cars and that i could speak to a manager downstairs.Not only did they not do their jobs, or seem to care at all, they arent even capable of calling the manager up, they wanted me to haul all my luggage downstairs to talk to their "manager".

!GANG ACTIVITY! THIS place has poor security.  I tried to report an,incident and the security guy was annoyed. Something about how,his shift was over. I made him call the Police. Seriously. ...go to Tempe Market. Better Security and hopefully less low life scum hanging in the parking lot to potentially assault you. I also spoke to CINEMARK manager and he was very rude.On Thursday 3/28 I received a flyer from Rosatis at work.  Since we have ordered Rosatis pizza in the past and really liked their product we thought it was nice that they had a location so much closer to us now. Here's why they get 1 star.We ordered an XL thin crust pizza for delivery and were told it would arrive in an hour and the total was $25.  No problem, that's normal for Rosatis, and quality food takes time.  The delivery guy arrived on time (right at an hour) and was acting kinda weird.  He seemed nervous and set the pizza on the desk.  We signed for it and said thanks.  He just kinda stood there and looked at all of us (there were three in the room).  I asked if there was anything else?  He said "no" and sort of shuffled out, looking at us the entire time.We took the pizza into the other room and opened the box.  Now it made sense.  The pizza had been in a horrible collision as if it had been dropped and was like a ball of pizza in the corner of the box.I called to reconcile the problem and explained the situation, expecting we'd get a refund or the next pizza free.  The lady at the other end of the phone said this "um... sorry."  So I said "ok..." To which she replied "are there any other major complaints?"  So I asked her to get her manager and have him call me back.The manager called back and apologized and said he'd give us $2 off our next pizza.So we don't get a free pizza, but if I ever order from that location again I will get a pizza that costs $23.  Thanks for the $2.  I don't think I'll be cashing in on your offer.On Thursday 3/28 I received a flyer from Rosatis at work.  Since we have ordered Rosatis pizza in the past and really liked their product we thought it was nice that they had a location so much closer to us now.Here's why they get 1 star.We ordered an XL thin crust pizza for delivery and were told it would arrive in an hour and the total was $25.  No problem, that's normal for Rosatis, and quality food takes time.  The delivery guy arrived on time (right at an hour) and was acting kinda weird.  He seemed nervous and set the pizza on the desk.  We signed for it and said thanks.  He just kinda stood there and looked at all of us (there were three in the room).  I asked if there was anything else?  He said "no" and sort of shuffled out, looking at us the entire time.We took the pizza into the other room and opened the box.  Now it made sense.  The pizza had been in a horrible collision as if it had been dropped and was like a ball of pizza in the corner of the box.I called to reconcile the problem and explained the situation, expecting we'd get a refund or the next pizza free.  The lady at the other end of the phone said this"um... sorry."  So I said "ok..." To which she replied "are there any other major complaints?"  So I asked her to get her manager and have him call me back.The manager called back and apologized and said he'd give us $2 off our next pizza.So we don't get a free pizza, but if I ever order from that location again I will get a pizza that costs $23.  Thanks for the $2.  I don't think I'll be cashing in on your offer.I've been ordering from Rosati's for about a month now. I have had The Cheef, Meatball, Cheeseburger, Fried Mushrooms, Chicken Tenders, Calzones and the thin crust pizza that they gave us for free was Outstanding. Everything is outstanding!!!!!!!!!! I have also had the Beer Battered Cod Fish, SO SO SO Good. I have nothing bad to say about Rosati's. Delivery is always fast. Delivery driver is always very friendly. I recommend as many people as I can to Rosati's.This place has changed so much. The quality of their food has dropped. And the cooks just don't care about what they are serving. "Mild" wings should not burn my mouth. These "Mild Wings" are up in the Hot Range. I know Mild wings. These are ridiculous. Rosati's is On The List!!!!!If you tell someone 20 min for food to be ready there is no reason it should take an hour for it to be ready. Some people have kids to feed and they can't be wasting an hour sitting in your lobby listening to your workers talk about their eyebrows needing to get done. I am a manager where I work and if I ever caught my crew on their phone and talking in front of an unhappy customer they would be sent home for the night seems how they don't want to be there as it is. As I made it clear I was unhappy did I see the manager... No... Only the young girls taking the orders who have no clue what customer service is. It takes more then hiring an employee to make them valuable. This establishment needs training across the board.Insanely horrible. For starters, I must get the same ditz answering the phone every time I place an order for delivery. My order has NEVER been correct. My calzones have always been made wrong (either adding or leaving out an ingredient or two), I have had items added to my ticket without me ordering it and I have had items left off my ticket. The delivery drivers are always late and they always seem to slide my pizza around so that it's always messed up. And now let's talk about their pizza...the thin crust is always so insanely soggy that it actually sticks to the pizza box. Not to mention their sausage is nasty. They also don't cut it all the way and the sauce is horrible. As someone who lived in Chicago and was personal family friends with the founder of Rosati's, I know that the Family would be embarrassed to see this quality, or lack thereof, be handed to a customer.Pizza here is way too expensive for the quality you get. One pizza will cost you over $20, and it's just not that good. Pizza is my boyfriend's favorite food, and he even wasn't impressed by it. We'll stick to Pizza Hut or dominoes, and if we're really craving good pizza, we'll just make our own. We definitely will not be back.Whatever you do DO NOT PURCHASE A RETURNED no warranty mattress here!!!  I made the huge mistake and my back is killing me.  There is nothing they can do to return or exchange it, because it's not part of the deal I signed.  They've tried to pull me into the store to purchase ANOTHER new mattress, but I couldn't even afford the first one.  Biggest financial mistake I've made in a long time, and I'll be paying for it for a very very long time with back pain and lack of sleep.  I'm sure it's fine to buy new there, but please do not buy an already returned version.  Stupid mistake!Let's see was what happens today...

The food has always been great, and the service is usually very good.

Me:  These aren't cooked.

Yesterday (2/11/16) is the last time that I will ever darken the doors of this business.I dropped my car off, as directed by the office personnel in the back by the detail area from my car trailer. That was about 8:30 am. I told them I would return in the afternoon to pick it up after the detail was complete. I did just that.I checked in at the office, was told the car was done, I paid the bill in cash, and was led outside the front door and directed to where my car was parked and told that I could pick it up where I dropped it earlier.I drove my SUV with trailer slowly into the area, turned around and parked with plenty of room should someone need to get into a parking area.A scruffy looking person started walking toward me as I prepared my tilt bed trailer for loading. He was far more than rude, verbally abusive, with unexpectedly crude language from someone who identify himself myself as "I'm the motherfucking owner" than I expected!!! I tried to explain that I did check in at the front desk, paid the bill, then was advised to pick up the car as I dropped it in the morning. He told me that I had an attitude, and went into a tirade about people driving in his lot causing $1000's of dollars of damage and that no one is supposed to be in the lot. Apparently he failed to tell his staff. He asked if the trailer was a tilt bed, I answered yes. He was verbally abusive again. I said nothing more, loaded my car, told one of the employees (who apologized profusely for the boss) that I will never come back again.

Food did not taste or appear spoiled at the time, but obviously was off in some way. Wait staff was pleasant but not overwhelmingly helpful or friendly.

2) "Nothing"....in bed (also true at the time).Nothing was good here. My wife got beef and broccoli, the beef was NASTY. I got a spicy chicken dish, again, nasty. The prices are high, the food stinks... Screw this place.GAH! Please, people! don't torture your poor defenseless taste-buds by shoveling this horribly tasteless food like product into your mouth holes. It is so cruel to send food over them without them being able to do what they love and long to do. Seriously, I've had finer dining at a $8 all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. The Mongolian beef is to die for... I'm going to die 'for I ever have to eat it again. It's not that it's just a smidge bland, I've had spicier Big Macs, it was that it was drowning in a pool of brownish blandy sauce. I had to pepper my Mongolian beef! DID YOU HEAR THAT? Genghis and Kublai are very disappointed. I think maybe even a tear or 2. And the plum sauce for the Moo Shu pork was gawdawful. Scrape it off!!! My tongue hurts. Now the orange chicken wasn't too bad and maybe even moderately okay. Now the service I had most recently, this one on Mill, (I've been to 2 different muthuh PFers just in case) was not all that great. The guy was a big stick but with a d instead of the st, ya get it? huh? huh? get it? But that's hit or miss at any chain.And then the bill! I haven't felt that violated since grade school. Same kind of bad taste but only money was taken this time. It's one thing to pay a moderate amount for good food with good atmosphere but this place is just Panda Express in trendy clothes. I should have gone to Taco Bell.Treachery! Seek it out:Let me begin this review by saying that mine is not an indictment on this particular location but on every single P.F. Chang's I've had the misfortune of being dragged to.P.F. Chang's is effectively the Cheesecake Factory of bad Chinese food, with the disadvantage of not being as capable of delivering passable food. They bill themselves as a "gourmet" Asian experience, which is a bit of a laugh when they turn around and sell you their equally horrible frozen entrées right from the convenience of your local Wal-Mart. Everything is bland, overcooked, and ridiculously priced. Once you've paid nearly $14 for their "orange peel chicken", you may privately hope to yourself that they might have the audacity to include some fried rice. This is your second mistake. Sadly, the bistro calls you on your bullshit. You get white or brown--fried rice is several dollars extra and not at all worth it.Everything seems to be cooked just wrong--things that shouldn't be are too crispy, things that should be sauced are too dry, things that should taste good make you question the will of the gods, all the while you find there's no way to escape the treachery.Things get more and more frustrating as you dig deeper: P.F. Changs, while sounding vaguely Asian, is a wholly American creation. It was founded by Paul Fleming (in Scottsdale, actually) with SOMEone with some Asian influence to spice it up a bit, named Philip Chiang. (They literally cut out the poor bastard's "i" so that it would "fit on the signs better," or, as I like to believe, not scare away the flyover-states-white-folk so.) It's highly Americanized (and yes, I've had Chinese food in China, but I've also enjoyed great "American Chinese" food here) to the point of regrettable blandness and it is SO VERY EXPENSIVE you may find your credit score taking a ding after eating a plate of "wok charred beef", listed as one of the saltiest foods in America.The decoration is clumsy and their famous inclusion of terra cotta warriors are literally symbols of death. From Jennifer 8 Lee's Fortune Cookie Chronicles:'But not everyone finds the terra-cotta warriors charming. "Chinese people would never put that in a restuarant," Jim told me, pointing at the statues. "It's not lucky. It's something you put at a burial site! But in America, they think it's a Chinese thing." From a Chinese perspective, P.F. Changs is decorated with death.'Which is just fine, because everything there tastes like death anyway.Read any other one star review,  it's true. I have only been here because other people want to go. Every sauce is the same. Just varying degrees of high fructose corn syrup and modified corn starch. I usually stick to vegetable dishes to avoid the meats that seem boiled, overly soft and bland. No texture or flavor except sugar and salt. The vegetables taste precooked and reheated since they never have any crunch. They are soft too so there is no texture to the meal. The soups like the hot & sour are so thick and gelatinous that they are more like dipping sauces. Tasted like the same sauce thats on the food, but more like a thick jello version. There is no redeeming value here. I have asked them before to not make the sauce so sweet and they said it wasn't possible because they're all pre-made. So weird since it IS expensive, it would make the most sense to stir fry the meals fresh and their problem would be pretty much solved. But, I think they're in the business of making money, not food.I hope you like salt and have never had Asian food before beyond Panda Express or Kyoto bowl.The fact that PF Chang's is allowed to exist by China (to whom the US owes its existence). Here's a tip for Asian cuisine: are there Asian's there? If the answer is no...I have never had more consistently bad service and tasting food. I cannot requisite ever going there again. I recommend yo skip it. If you are looking for Chinese food in the valley give this a wide berth.BTW Pei Wei is also PF Changs. I would review them separately but cannot get up the ambition to discuss bad memories any more...Went here for a friend's birthday, so we had a large party. Nevertheless, the food was terrible, I was the only one not to receive my food with the others and I had to pester the servers for my dish, then the sauces that should come with it. Despite the large party the servers were extremely unattentive and the manager was quite rude. Everything was over-priced. Can't figure out why this place was packed!I probably shouldn't review PF Changs, but feel it's my civic duty to warn anyone who still believes this is "Chinese" food, it's fusion, pretty Americanized and for whatever reason, always gives me the runs. ALWAYS! It's probably me, and you would think I have learned my lesson, but I try every so often to see if my stomach can handle it and every time, PF Chang's you bastard, you beat me.Literally...the worst dining experience of my life. So much went wrong (I will TRY to keep it short).I made a reservation for 8pm, 8 people on a Saturday. I called at 5pm, giving ample notice. Walk in at 7:58 (2 minutes early) and the table isn't ready. No bother, we wait outside, chit chat but happen to notice a very sparsely occupied patio, which we could have sat at. 20 minutes later. No table. Finally at 8:40 we sit down. What use are reservations? But this isn't the worst part...We sit and wait for another 10 minutes and are approached by a frantic server: Can I get you drinks? Sure. We order an excess. (You're about to get tipped well if you can make this happen tonight).  Waiting on the drinks...my throat is getting parched...where are the drinks? We get them another 20 minutes later (It's already 9pm folks...an hour after I was supposed to have my table). Here comes Mr. Frantic again - Brings 2 drinks...we're missing some.  He apologizes and confesses he forgot to ring in the other.. Ya kidding me? Finally drops it off. Cool... But the fun doesn't stop there. My friend orders an appetizer. Expresses she wants THIS to be her entree...to be brought out with everyone else's. It does not happen. He just stares at the table, his mouth agape. Say something. Fix this. Send the Manager over. Do something.Next up? I don't eat meat...I am served meat. Cool. Frantic Server Dude is now blaming someone else for this transgression and has the Manager come over to drop off my meager  portion of food. The MANAGER says nothing. Not "Sorry, not how are you this evening? Apologies n such." Just drops it off, and forces a smile. What are we doing wrong here as patrons? Am I on freaking Candid Camera?! (what happened to that show anyway...)Ugh...At this point we all just want to shovel food down our throats and get the hell out. We do the 2 for $40 deal. Where's the dessert we ordered? Blame the Cooks Magoo has his back turned to our table, and is chatting away with his friends. This is not a joke. We sit...and sit...and sit...Ya think he would have turned around at some point to, I don't know: Check on his customers who are going to be tipping him.  Finally my friend taps him on the shoulder and asks if he can box up the dessert so we can just take it with us.I open my leftovers today and not everything's in there. I hate this place. Hate. Slow...yet the servers run around like chickens with their heads cut off. The food isn't great, that's IF they can get your order right in the first place. It's pointless getting a reservation. OH and IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY.  They knew this! Their home office should really make a secret shop and see what's happening at the Mill Ave location.Ya suck.  Don't eat here. I know it's Mill...but save yourself the 2 hour shit show I experienced.The 'P' stands for 'poor' yes?

nah.. i was asking too much...chicken was soo dry.. it can pass for beef jerky.. come on now?at this point.. i realized and understood.. why some people gone insane and start shooting... i really wanted to throw my chicken at the staff who prep it..  now i know why they call it KFC.. killed for chicken!!What the hell?  This location is always out of everything; always slow as shit.  The managers should be fired.  The colonel would turn over in his extra crispy grave!  Never again for me. How can KFC be out of chicken? I'm not sure folks, but it happened ... Again.How the shit do you run out of extra crispy, original recipe, and pot pies at the same time?This place is a complete joke!! It's ran by a bunch of kids that don't even know how to read the cash register, let alone make fried chicken!! Don't bother asking for extra crispy, they look at you like you just ask them for pizza. If you do manage to want what they have (because it seems like they are never making something ahead of time ) get real comfortable it could be a half hour before you get your fast food. I literally have no idea how they have managed to stay in business.The rudest customer service I have ever experienced!!!

DO NOT SPEND ANY MONEY HERE. FUNGUS! MOLD!I have been a regular customer to this market until today, I decided I will never step in it again.I was OK with the bad smell, the shelf sorting, because of the good variate in the market.After 90 minutes of shopping me and my wife had my cart full of items worth more than 200$, and I was shopping in the frozen items, then I asked an employee about an item, but he replayed: "I will never help you!!" I thought he wasn't a native speaker and he miss spoke, and I asked what? He said you are troughing my items around! For that you dont deserve to be helped!! Then he claimed that I looked on an item and put it on the item next to it by mistake! But I didn't touch the item he spoke about!

After reading the most recent reviews of this place...I guess I should just be glad that I didn't have anything stolen from my vehicle.Why would I pay for wheels to get cleaned and they're not ?  And - they can't get the bugs off the front ?  Geeze. I want a car wash that cleans everything the first time!    Well done Brandon - you made it right & cleaned it right!  Thanks for doing soHorrible - I paid to have my interior vacuumed and wiped down. They did not wipe down the consul or the little cubbies on the door. Everyone that works there is very unprofessional. They all walk around texting on their phones and barely acknowledge you, if at all. I've experienced this at every Dannys I've been to. They charge a pretty hefty fee for sub par work. Guess i'll be looking for a different place to get my car washed!This place has gone downhill fast.  Since the workforce shake down service is terrible and slow which is too bad since my wife is a regular there.  I went with her today and frankly ill be surprised if this location makes it.  As a side not ill be surprised if Danny himself can stay of if jail!   Try a different car wash chainI was in on a Tuesday morning right when Danny's opened and I was going in for an oil change and car wash. I asked about how long it would be to the man I first spoke to. He told me oh less than an hour you're the first one in. I also wanted to get the backseat, just the back seat shampooed. So I thought to myself okay an hour. I went inside and sat down to wait. About 25 minutes later another man called my name and told me the oil change was done but had a couple recommendations for my car. I "needed" a new air filter and my engine fluid to be flushed. Something going to cost over $200. No thank you. So I payed for what I was getting done, then went outside cause all that was left was to get the car wash. I thought to myself wow I'm actually going to get out of here in less than an hour. Great cause I was heading out of town. Well I was wrong. It took over an hour for my car to be washed. Yes, an hour for a car wash. I could see that happening on a Saturday morning when it was busy, but there was only two other cars there! What were they doing?!? Then when I spoke up asking how much longer because I was quoted less than an hour... no one knew what was going on. My car had been sitting! And it hadn't been dried off nor had the seats been shampooed! Awesome! At this point in time I just wanted to take my car and leave because I didn't have the time to wait any longer. I finally get my car "finished" and there's spots everywhere! A five year old could of washed it better... And faster for that matter.  I tried to call and speak with the manager and was put on hold for five minutes. Then was told he's with a customer and would call me back. I'm still waiting for my call back... And I'm never going back to Danny's AGAIN!!!Talk about a cess pool of incompetent people. Took an hour to get my car washed. Every one of their employees I spoke with likely didn't graduate high school and, based on their ability to articulate, it's doubtful that they've spoken to a Human being in years. Embarrassingly poor company.I'll start off by saying that I've been to Danny's several times before and they've done a (mostly) decent job washing my car, especially for the price. After my last experience I definitely will NOT be bringing my business to Danny's and DO NOT recommend you do either. After I left Danny's (on Highland) I noticed I had a big chunk of paint missing from my drivers-side rear bumper. It looks as though it scrapped up against something. The peel was fresh as all the paint had not peeled off. Admittedly, I had already waited almost 2 hours, after being told it would only be about 35 min for a wash and wax, so I was eager to leave and didn't give the car a full inspection before I left the property. I went back the next day to let the manager, Chris, know what had happened and he was very dismissive about my claim. This was after waiting almost 25 minutes for him to come to the front desk. According to him, all he knew was that I did it myself and was blaming it on them.... sure dude. I don't have proof that anything happened at Danny's but the fact that they weren't willing to investigate was very bothersome. Moral of the story we've called corporate and they were again very rude and dismissive. Did I mention they hung up on my wife? I don't expect Danny's to look into it and I don't want them to pay for my repair. Just want people to know this is how they treat their customers. Thanks Bye.They tried to break into my car when THEY locked the keys in. Then the manager said it happens all the time. Like that is an excuse. He also told me it was my responsibility to tell them that my doors lock automatically. When I told him that was not acceptable that he did not tell me, HE stormed off. Then I had to wait for a different manager to help me.I'm not a big yelper  but this place has gone so downhill is worth warning the masses.  I use to have faith in this place but no longer.   Horrible job,  long waits.  Go elsewhereWaited an hour to get my car cleaned. They did a poor job of it, and I will never come back to this place again. Their employees look like they just got out of jail, and were cussing in front of customers.If I could give no stars I would. This is the first time I have been to Danny's in 5-6 years because last time at another location around the corner my iPod was taken from my console. I noticed immediately because there was radio static playing when I got In my car. I call manager, I called police. Everyone said same thing, "sorry sir, there is nothing we can do." Well, this time I go out of desperation and again "they" (anonymous  dirtbag) rife led through found my wife's wallet and removed all the $190 that was inside. I will NEVER go to another Damny's in all my days. I suggest you do the same.Patronized this location at 83rd and Bell for the last time;3 strikes & they are out! started with the 2min vac job, the employee's drying & doing windows was a joke! When confronted on how poorly they were doing; non responsive has in just not there. I asked for a towel and finished the job along with my 8 yr old grandson. Likewise the customer next to me had to finish off his car for over 32min while I waited for what they called a manager " Richard" to appear. He not only didn't diffuse the situation he validated why I would never come back & go out of my way to pass the word. He lacked total management skills, complained that I was unhappy with cleaning my own car & refused to even offer compensation of a refund. I asked for information in regard to ownership and he hesitantly and reluctantly said " Heather" a daughter of the former owner of Danny's Car washes. Unfortunately business practices ( you can read on line) haven't been on the up and up for the former owner. Presently this location isn't following customer service practices that would ever get any customer coming back.Worst ever and now I am done for ever with Danny's .  My car sits while 3 others behind me get wiped down.  Are you kidding me???  Cobblestone is so much better and faster.  I will never come back here!  Ever!  And as I write this   5 cars after mine have now been completed.   Great service Danny's.  Please forgive my sarcasm !!  And btw,  they never cleaned the inside.I just gave them a second try...not sure why.  Same complaint as others...mine sits to dry on its own while cars that came in after me get taken care of. On Top of that they did a crappy job. The clincher though is when I looked in the back seat and they put the garbage that was on the floor up onto the seat! WTF? If you're going to leave the trash behind at least leave it on the floor of the car! Mind boggling!Bought a VIP car wash and the guys drying the car were doing their work way too fast, sloppy and careless especially on the interior of the car leaving big amounts of cleaning liquid in the doors, dash board and seats! Never going back again. I definitely don't recommend this placeI am very sorry I did not read all of the yelp reviews prior to bringing my car to Danny's (Jackson's ?) today, short story - bad experience, wasted money, wasted time, car still needs a proper wash and wax !One of the worst car washes I've ever had since I've been going to this car wash Service Jackson has taken over the company one thing I've done is raise our prices do worse work you're going to lose a loyal following to his car wash you don't change your we are doing things people stopped going I guess I don't know there's no other alternativeExpensive, slow, and terrible!   That about explains the service here.   Paid extra for the "works" car wash (includes wiping down interior).   Then watched as one pre-car wash guy work his butt off scrubbing off bugs and washing rims (he's the only guy worthy of a tip).  After the wash, my vehicle sat at least 30 mins before anyone touched it.  The drying employees were so busy talking to each other to bother with drying the cars.  When I got the car back and drove off, I noticed that the interior and dash were still dusty. Some employee also blew a snot rocket ( maybe accidentally?) on my rear door panel and carpet.  Nasty!  I will never come here again!!I would not take a car here, nor will I ever return.  I took my vehicle in to get washed and hand waked.  I was told I was given a "deal" and paid just over $100.  They didn't vacuum it nor did they spray the scent inside.  My wife actually picked up the car after it was finished and when she brought it home I got to spent the next hour hand waxing over what I paid them to do to remove the swirl marks off of the hood and there were plenty of spots that were not even touched. I guess you live and learn but I certainly learned not to take my car to Danny's.The new owners of this car wash needs to know that the quality of their car wash  has gone down considerably. I've been going there when it used to be Danny's and the service was much better. For starters, it seems like it takes close to an hour to get my car washed. The attendants do a poor job on the interior and windows. The exterior wasnt cleaned properly and still has dirt in many plain to see areas. Now I don't expect a detail for a $20 car wash but I do expect some attention and thoroughness for what I pay for. This is the experience I had for the last 2 times I've been there and this is the last time I use them. You lost a customer that has been going there for the last 15 years!Don't get kids meal with chicken nuggets!! Gross!! The workers are not friendly and the chicken you can plainly see are pre cooked in uncovered, undated containers in their cooler!!This place was a disappointment.First of all the food took forever- even though my bf and I were the only ones there. They have only 1 gyro on the menu. C'mon now, every greek restaurant should have more than 1 type of gyro. My bf had the gyro and thought it wasn't bad, despite the grease that poured out the bottom of his gyro when he held it up. However, when I order a gyro with beef only (no lamb), they didn't have it. They also didn't have the beef sandwich. When I ordered the Italian sandwich I was in horror when it came out. It looked like soggy roast beef (that surprisingly tasted very dry due to overcooking) served in an old hot dog bun. No joke, the bread was an over-microwaved hot dog bun that was too hard to tear apart, nonetheless bite through it. It tasted as bad as it looked and I resorted to eating only my fries (which were overcooked and hard. I think they re-cooked a batch that had been sitting out since lunch three hours before we came in). Who messes up fries?!?This was a horrid eating experience that left me going straight to Mickey-D's for something more reliable. Save your money, people.tried going today and it was closed downI noticed this place had delivery on grub hub  so I decided to give it a try. When I hit my food I was disappointed that I didn't get my yogurt drink, no big deal, but then as I opened the food boxes I noticed a nasty rotting smell. At first I thought it was just me but as I ate I noticed it was the rice that had gone bad. I had no choice but to dump all the rice before I puked which sucks because I always look forward to the rice from these places. The rest of the food was fair to poor. The hummus had a pool of oil up top, the falafel and chicken lacked flavor and if you would have told me the lamb was deer I would have believed you. I think I'll look elsewhere next time.I can't stand banking here. I can't believe they aren't open til 6pm on Mon- Thurs like other banks!  Get irritated every time I'm here, no customer service, constant mistakes, don't take responsibility for their actions that cause problems, refuse to refund fees that are their fault.  Just don't bank here.By far the worst Bank of America the line is always 15 people deep and they only have 3 tellers working which one of them apparently talks with the banker associate while working waited 30 minutes just to deposit some money and use merchant services absolutely ridiculous.THE WORST banking center ever. My husband was there yesterday and was told that they no longer have merchant line and he should plan to come in the mornings when they are less busy. So I went this morning. ONE teller, only one. I was there when they opened and was the second customer. I needed change and the teller told me she didn't have it, did I want other denominations? I said no, I wanted what I asked for.  It took "4 managers" 20 minutes to give me my change while I waited.  23 minutes going early in the morning.  There were 20 people in line behind me and no one of their "managers" offered to help anyone.  Really crummy customer service, in a neighborhood of many small businesses.We went one day and it was delicious we got the carne asada tacos and they were good and the carne asada burrito with red chile. All was good!!! We went that weekend and I got the menudo and bf got the steak breakfast. ALLL was good especially the bread until... Right on the wall that we were facing a little Roach crawled across it! We told the lDy and she was like whatever and offered us to move. I told her everything was good but the roach crawling on the wall right at our table was just disgusting. Thanks roach for ruining Mama LUPITAS fora me!Far from top notch. This place had a table salsa that tasted as if it had been sitting out a bit too long. Perfect combo to go along with the stale chips. The best part? That would be when we were told that they ran out of cheese.What a letdown! Very difficult to believe that anybody would find anything tasteful in this restaurant. This place used to be awesome until it switched ownership. Not even a slight chance I'll ever be returning to this restaurant.Service is practically nonexistent too. Tables that came after were served before us.I live in this area and I first thought it would be a descent place ..first experience Menudo was descent but overpriced ...second time came with friends only because they wanted to try it ....worst experience ever ...horrible service they ran out of bread for the Menudo...hominy was out of a can ...meat was not sorted and was all dark Menudo meat aka bad meat ....80% meat 20% canned hominy...chips were stale...I asked for new chips and was told they are the same as the others in back ...torta was dried meat..best part TORTILLAS WERE SUPPOSED TO FRESH...WHICH THEY WERE THE FIRST TIME I WENT CORN SPECIFICALLY...2ND TIME I WENT I GOT FLOWER AND THEY WERE STORE BOUGHT AND SMELT LIKE MISSION TORTILLAS!!!! WTF I won't ever go back ....note my 6 friends who joined me 2nd time ...over priced tooThis Lenny's location is horrible. The fries appeared to have been sitting in old grease or just old. I asked if they were fresh and she indicated yes.  They were horrible. Will never eat at 5713 w. Glendale location again.  They are NOT like the other locations.. Please mark my words. They don't even deserve 1 star.  They didn't even get order correct to begin with. Had to return burger.Ehhhh, I would think spending five bucks on a burger it would at least be something homemade and tasty... unfortunately it only tasted good cause of the bbq sauce. Will never be back to this high priced establishment...We walked into the place not really knowing what to expect, and after ordering? i hopped onto yelp and it was pretty much as i thought: little hospitality from the employee's. music doesn't quite fit the atmosphere, and when we sat at the bar, we put a little pressure ( just enough to adjust yourself to sit on the stool) and almost RIPPED the bar table off! as for the food, would i pay for another polish dog like that for $4? that's a no. pickles feel plastic. no other comment.I typically would give this place five stars but I am extremely disappointed in the service I received today. I am a Unsweetened Iced Tea drinker and after tasting the glass I dispensed myself it wasn't the regular tea it it was sweetened. I stopped an employee and told her that there was something wrong with the tea she then told me NO that the sweet and regular tea were separate and walked away. She never addressed the issue I even went up there a second time to ask about it and she was more concerned with chatting with the other employees there.Their bathroom is the filthiest I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerating. The toilet looked as if never cleaned. Same with the urinal, sink and floor. As far as the food goes what's the big deal about this place? Fries are tasteless, greasy and I suspect cooked in old oil. Burgers not made fresh, how this place wins awards is a mystery to me.Came in for a Chocolate Malt and got Hershey' s Syrup with vanilla ice cream, very disappointing.Worst service anywhere went thru drive thru and girl didn't put lid on soda and spilt all over my lap she just laughed and asked for a manager what a freak, sated accidents happen need a extra napkin ? ReallyWill never go backSo this place used to be Lenny's , now it is Moes burgers. Terrible. The place smelled like sewage, and I got a whiff of marijuana while placing my order(no joke). Not to mention the man taking my order had a coke nail. When we got our food the fries we almost burned in really really old oil. I couldn't eat them. The burger was ok, but poor quality beef. Also could not finish that. My burger had gristle in it.  I've been here before when it was Lenny's, but I won't be coming back to moes. Take the extra five minute drive and go to the actual Lenny's further east on Glendale (&I17)I went to Chicago, fell in love with deep dish and PRAYED to find something here. after searching and searching, I found this place and i saw the great reviews and was so excited!I ordered the large cheese deep dish.DISGUSTING! the crust is soft and bready. In chicago, the crust is crunchy and flaky. the sauce tasted like articial canned sauce. In chicago, the sauce tastes like they just mashed up some fresh tomatoes.I could probably get frozen deep dish from wal mart that would taste better.First off , I have never gotten out of that restaurant without paying at least $30. WIth a family of four , around $80+ not including drinks. The food is okay if you like a slice of pizza that is mainly made up of sauce and bread with barely any cheese or toppings.So much sauce , it was like soup! Then to top off the crappy food was the staff. It is 100+ degrees outside and they had a problem with us wearing shorts and flip flops. But hey they still let us in. Maybe the reason our food was crappy was because they didn't like our clothes. Until things change , I won't be wasting any more money here.I suggest that if this restaurant wants to survive , they need to re think their menu , and straighten up the employees attitudes , big time.And to everyone else who put more than 3 stars on your review , either you don't have tastebuds , or you got paid to do your review.We have been coming to Vito's for several years - like everyone else, we can't get enough of their deep dish pizza! - and never have had any complaints. Today, we ordered a deep dish pie for pickup and did not check the box until we got home.. Only to find that it was a thin crust! We live within 10 minutes of the place and called to see if they had given us the wrong pizza accidentally. I thought we could simply go back and get the correct one, or they could bring it to us, since we live in delivery distance. The girl - who took the order, rang me out, and answered this phone call - simply gave a very insincere apology with no plan to offer to fix the problem; after a minute of impasse I asked in a very sarcastic manner if we should just keep the pizza.. To which she replied yes!! We did, and it was delicious, but that's just not good customer service! I am very sad to say that we will have to find a new favorite pizza place :(Read about the great pizza, out of town on business from Chicago. Saw they were open til 10pm, drove 20 minutes to get there, arrived at 8:40p only to be told that they didn't feel like making us a deep dish pizza because it took too long and we could get a thin crust instead. The restaurant was empty aside from us and we were shocked- who does that? They said they say they close at 10 but like to get out by 9/9:30. My advice? Call ahead to make sure they are even open or in the mood to make you a pizza. I mean, who does that???Wasn't impressed at all. For price I expect better quality. Chicago style Pizza was burnt and wings where not even crispy.TIME!!!!!  People don't have the time to wait or think pizza is for dinner only.  I am from Chicago and miss the pizza very much.  I was told this was a good place to go for my wants.  If I can't get it for lunch on Saturday, it is not what is like back home.  Could not even taste it do to the poor hours.Went there late night last weekend as not many options were there. As per me I did not like the pizza taste at all. May be not according to my liking.Don't tell people you close at 9 if you're going to refuse to serve them at 8:20!! I would have appreciated saving a trip by being given this information when I called. Train your staff.The windows and doors are boarded up. Apparently, it is closed!There is no way to get any food. So, I would skip this one.Not a very friendly menu for a person with gluten intolerance but the chicken was *very* good although practically the only thing I can eat. The reason for the low rating was this location had horrible AC and bad AC in the dead of the Phoenix monsoon season is not a place to enjoy a good meal. The "atmosphere" was positiviely soupy between the kitchen and what seemed like a swamp cooler.4/17/16: While waiting for our food, another patron noticed a MOUSE in the kitchen. We all asked for refunds, and the employees said they were calling an exterminator and closing down for the day. We went across the parking lot to another restaurant and watched cars being served in the drive thru, and as new cars pulled up to dine in, they were not turned away. Ew!!!I'm usually so happy with this store and I love supporting local so it pains me to write this.  I took my best friend and her mom there (which I have been wanting to do for years, her mom lives in NY) We were just in the store and the usual owner wasn't there.  The sign said all christmas 75% off and christmas light signs 60% off.  When we went to check out a santa and reindeer the man said "oh these aren't included in the christmas sale, they are year round and so they are only 50% off." It was so upsetting because the santa and reindeer are not all year round items.  The man would not honor the sale price and he proceeded to rip down all the signs.  I will not shop at one of my favorite stores again.  Such a bad experience.I've never been to this shop. Thought I'd try somewhere new. I got there right when they were supposed to open. They were 25 minutes open and by the time they showed up, there was about 7 other people there. I was willing to give them the benefit of the doubt and still get service from them. Now the lady who did my toes and my daughters mani/pedi (same lady) was awesome!!! She was so sweet and worked fast. She engaged in conversation and was very pleasant, I wish I learned her name!! But the time came down to where I when to get my full set, I had to have then done by another lady, which is where it went to crap, she was rude and I hated the way she did my nails. My ring finger nail is all jacked up. I've attached photos of it. I asked for coffin style and this one she cut to much and instead of fixing it she just sent me along my way. I will not come here again.Can't get this place to call me back that's holding my car. I have tried calling him for 5 days to pay my bill and come pick up my truck and they won't return my calls. I work long hours so I haven't been able to make it down there to just pick it up. I would highly recommend not using this place.I just called and they hung up in my face!!!! Picked up the phone and hung it up! I need my car fixed before work tomorrow at 5am and the obviously aren't the ones to do it!! How f'n rude! I just wanted to know if they were available to check it out!I wish I hadn't wasted my time to drive all the way out to this factory.  When I pulled up I couldn't tell if it was open as the parking lot was empty (should have been my first clue).  It was about 2p on a Thursday and the factory part was done for the day I guess as no one was working.  No free samples just a decades old video going.  No employee greeted me or even noticed I was there.  BIG WASTE OF TIME!No stars!! This is the WORST BINGO I'VE EVER GONE TO!The caller/ managers family sits at the front table and wins at least 1 but mostly more games! EITHER THE'RE THE LUCKIEST PEOPLE ALIVE or they are CHEATING!The workers give their friends free cards, and are thieves!

1) paper thin walls. I'm talking RICE PAPER thin, son! We could hear every conversation, every cough, every moan (nicely done, 2 minute man) and every annoying door slam.

If read the owners reportHe is full of it

5.) The security here is a joke, dont believe me? Drive around at night and you'll see security just sitting on the curb, if not sitting they'll be on there phones talking about smoking pot or arguing with people. We like to have our windows cracked open and this issue (Besides not feeling safe at all in this neighborhood) has really changed our habits and now we close all the windows.

We were disappointed, good chance we will not be returning.Hamburgers, fries, soda and of course a frosty.  Likely the hamburger Gave me food poisoning Friday night.  My husband and son were ok, and they had nearly identical meals.  We won't be back.Everything that is wrong with chain restaurants. First clue: robotically cheerful drones wearing baseball hats and headsets to greet you. Next: table buried under menus, special offer flyers, rewards card app, etc.  Then: food choices. I have nothing against red meat. Love burgers. But if you want to know why America has become the most obese country look no further. Unlimited fries with every sandwich? Really?  Bottomless rootbeer float. Oink oink. There is enough sodium in this food to melt the January ice on Lake Monona.Sloooooowwwwwwwww. Couldn't believe how long it took to be served below mediocre food.I had not taken my family to RR in quite some time.  Everyone was in the mood for burgers so it seemed like a good fit for a relatively inexpensive Friday night dinner.  Pulling in the parking lot I was surprised at the lack of business - that should have been my first clue.  We were seated promptly and our drink order was taken.  Then we waited.  And waited.  Finally our drinks arrived and our order was taken.  We ordered a small appetizer and bowl of soup with our meals.  Again, we waited.  Our appetizer finally arrived - but no soup.  It was mediocre, and sadly, the best food we would have that evening.Our entrees arrived shortly after.  It was then my husband asked if he could have his bowl of soup.  Soon after the waitress arrived with a half filled bowl.  It almost looked as though it had been full at one point, then dumped out.The fries were cold on all our meals.  The burger I ordered well done, was extremely pink. I did not bother to ask for it to be corrected because at this point the whole experience was quite laughable.  More than halfway through our entrees, a gentlemen in what appeared to be a manager's uniform, came to the table with a bowl of soup asking if it was ours.  My husband laughed and told him, "No, I already got this half full bowl."A few moments later I bit into something hard, like bone, in my burger.  At that point I was disgusted - and done.  I would have told the waitress that the food (and service) was awful, but we were never asked.  When she brought the bill she said she had taken the soup off the bill since it was only a 1/2 bowl.  So my husband's comment must have at least made it back to her, yet there was no apology for it, nor the fact that he had to ask for it and received it after his entrée.$58.00 for 3 people, lackluster/slow service and terrible food?  No thanks RR.  We won't be back.Very terrible service, waitress did not khow what she was doing. Did not state her name, walked by us twice with out asking if we needed anything. Someone else brought our food, we had to get up ourselves to get napkins. Someone by the name of Justin apologized, who was he? Then someone else came up by the name of Joey{who was he???} and said drinks are on us, unfortunately both burgers have been taken off for our Birthday's. Really un-proffesional. they could have put them back on our card's. The worst Birthday burger ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Red Robbin in monona, wi is horrible. Extremely rude ended up leaving before we could even order. Thank god Buffalo Wild Wings in monona wi is across the way. The friendly helpful and polite staff along with their great burgers!!!If I could have given today's experience negative stars, I would have.The food was average. Nothing beyond what you can get anywhere else in this city. What takes places like this to another level is the service and the ambiance. This is what took Red Robin straight into the toilet.From the moment we walked in, this place felt different. I've been here off and on for years, but there was a weird vibe in the air. I knew it was going to be a memorable visit after the hostess asked if we were "going to need a high chair for that?" while gesturing at our 9 month old daughter.We were seated fairly quickly, which was nice, and our server seemed average, didn't tell us about anything new, didn't ask us if it was our first time at Red Robin (usually they do, and it wasn't, but still, try a little), and didn't bring us any silverware or napkins. Took our drink order, took our order, and left.She knew we had a baby with us, and knew that she had just taken an order from the table of 8 behind us, and didn't bother to consider bringing the fruit cup for our daughter or my wife and I a basket of fries ahead of time since we'd be waiting a bit due to the large ticket in queue ahead of us. She didn't even bother checking on our drink situations in the meantime. Just went all ghost and ignored us.In this meantime, my wife and I are entertaining our daughter and looking and watching around us. She notices the manager checking in with other tables and rolling her eyes a bit after a few exchanges with customers. I notice a few scoffs and eye-rolls among the staff, and start to get bothered by how the staff is acting like this job is beneath them.Another server brings us our food. I had asked for a side of sauce that doesn't show up, but she gets it promptly. I had asked for no tomato on the burger, but was talked over so she must not have heard it. No big deal.We go to serve some fruit to our daughter, but we still don't have any silverware or napkins, so we ask and some are brought reasonably promptly. And set right in front of our 9 month old daughter. Not the brightest of plans to set metal forks and knives in front of any small child, but especially one who is currently fussing a bit at not having any food.At no point does the manager come by to check on us. Our server barely says another word to us after handing us the bill. They coasted this entire time, why did I expect them to suddenly make any effort? Because I thought they would want us to come back.I'm of the belief that if you think your job is beneath you, then you should prove it. You never know who is watching or who you're serving, and who may be able to help you get out of the job that you don't really like. I mean, there are so many places to get a mediocre burger, you may as well offer above and beyond service to make it stand out.I guess when even the manager is rolling her eyes at customers, the rest of the staff begins to believe that kind of behavior is acceptable.Took my daughter and 4 1/2 year old Grandson to Red Robin last night. Arrived around 4:45 and were seated. Not many customers at the time. Sat waiting 15 minutes for a server to bring us menus. There were 5 or 6 servers standing around chatting with each other.  Finally got up and left.  Always wondered what it would be like to be invisible.  Guess I know now.  Won't be back!Just left there without eating because our server was too busy talking to a table of people she knew and never even acknowledged us.  We sat there for almost 20 minutes just waiting for water or some acknowledgement, but got nothing.  Several tables right near us that arrived after us already had their drinks and put in their order with a different waitress.  On the way I stopped to tell the hostess who said "I'm really sorry.  Have a good night".  Very disappointed in the service, the number of tables that had dirty dishes on them, etc.Saturday night.  Kids with us.  Was told a 10 minute wait that turned into 20.  Was seated in back half next to 5 tables that were used to hold dirty plates.  Poor timing of food service.  They forgot my son's "bottomless" order of fries...bottomless my a$&!  Then we were told to use the wireless ziosk to order a beer but the server was able to bring my Diet Coke refill?!?  Bad experience, Red Robin!  Get it together!Couldn't stay to order once we saw the cook in the kitchen - his jeans were so low, his bright grren underwear were in full view.  One of the last things I want a cook to do is constantly pull up his pants.  Keep your hands out of your pants, chef.Food was not the greatest and the service was extremely slow.  My husband and I ordered clam chowder with our meals and when it came out it was like milk broth.  There were no chunks of potato or clams.  The manager took the soup back and gave us a different soup.  The replacement was not the greatest in taste. The best I could say was that the manager tried to make it right by comping some of our food.  I really was hoping for good food not money off of our order.This place was extremely dirty and the service was really slow

"Nooo, wait a second, you told me not to touch the harness only AFTER I touched it, not BEFORE I touched it. So I didn't know... Please re-inspect and confirm it's safe."  I look in the direction of the friendlier guy for help, but, sadly, not getting any. Long silence."DO YOU WANT TO JUMP OR NOT?!?!"

THIS HAS HAPPENED MANY TIMES AT THIS LOCATION!!!I admit that I hate Albertsons, but this one's TERRIBLE! Management really sucks.Never coming back to this location again! We stopped here to get a few things and used two carts, my infant in one and my 3 year old in the other. When we left, we had left my 3 year old's sippy cup in the basket. When we realized this, we returned to the store (25 minutes later) and my husband asked the clerk if someone had turned it in. She calls the manager who says nobody turned anything in. He comes back out to the car and see the cup in the bushes! He takes a pic and goes back in to tell the manager. The clerk calls the manager to the front and she could've cared less. He showed her the picture and she just shrugged and said said she'd talk to the clerk. I know it's "just a cup" to you, but it's my sons special sippy cup and the least the courtesy clerk could've done is turned it in, not littered their own property with it. Shame on management for condoning that behavior as well.I only go to this location because it's near work. It would be nice if their cashiers saw what was going on at the payment terminal. They don't need to get snippy because their technology blows. I went to insert my debit card and terminal was blank. I asked if it was working. Cashier says "yes! It's working!" Insert, pin screen pops up and I begin to enter the first 2 digits when the screen completely blanks out. Cashier says "you have to wait for it to ask!" Wtf? The transaction starts all over again. Obviously this is their problem and not the user.  Hopefully it gets resolved soon before a cashier gets snippy with the wrong person. Rude staff.There is a disconnect here: Chinese Gourmet?  - I beg to differ.It resembled Chinese in look and name only - unless of course you were a big fan of Chun King growing up, then you might like it. The staff was worthless. Tried asking the guy what he would recommend and he was clueless - seriously clueless. He had not one single suggestion, as if to say "hey bud, just pick something and go."do not go here. it is terrible food. sure, it is very fast and the menu is typical,but they claim ' under new management' and it is fancier way of deleting many items from menu and the taste is awful. it looks like chinese food,but taste like nothing. really, so bland that my 83 year old grandmother rejected it! i ordered singapore noodles in garlic sauce and the chicken with mushroom.the noodles were a shade of questionable brown and the chicken mushroom had mystery chicken and same brownish color. it smelled like sauteed cardboard and the taste reflected it. for the money, not worth it.Yikes...how do you screw up Orange Chicken? This place did...and biting into their crab wontons was more like biting into a clump of cold fried cream cheese. No good...first and last time.Food was below average and staff a little rude !First off let me say, I had delivery and it took almost 2 hours. I live 1/4 of a mile from the place.  It was raining and I thought I'd order delivery so I wouldn't have to walk in the rain as my car is in the shop. My order:  Crab Rangoons, Hot and Sour Soup and Spicy Pad Thai.Crab Rangoons were HORRIBLE.  Very soggy and very FLAT.Hot and Sour Soup:  It was hot, fresh from the stove but had no spicy heat to  it at all.  I ordered it extra spicy.  It also was not sour.  It was edible and since I waited two hours for my order I was VERY hungry.  I ate it.Spicy Pad Thai.  The menu says "Pad Thai"  It does not say "shrimp, or chicken" on the menu and they don't give you a choice.  I "assumed" it was veggie pad thai and any meat would be by request.  I'm Vegetarian.  I get the pad thai and it is full of chicken and shrimp!! Ok..fine...I picked it all out.  I'm dying from starvation by this time. LOL I dig in..and the only thing that was "pad thai" was the noodles.  There was no flavor, no spice, it was just greasy noodles.  That went straight into the trash.I wish I could give this place "minus" stars! Won't ever order from there again.On the flip side, I advise anyone reading this to order from New York Chinese on Lake Mead.  I always get my order in 20-30 minutes and everything is always PERFECT!Ill start with the food! The rice was either well under cooked or old! I ordered the orange chicken based on the rating posted on the front door. It was very chewy and lacked flavor. The price is decent but you get what you pay for! The entire establishment including the restroom was very poorly maintained. Dirty soda fountain, tables, counter tops and poor lighting, I would not recommend for lunch or dinner! Staff was friendly however seemed more concerned about managing bills at a side bar and working on the computer rather than maintaining a clean environment.Just say NO NO NO to HO HO HO!

They make money off of YOUHere I'll give u a penny for that and I'll sell it for $100

I told the girl twice to remove my ingrown toe nail how they normally do at every salon & she didn't? I had to have an acrylic nail put on my big toe & she shoved super glue on the side of the nail so now the nail is glued to my toe!

the burgers were good, well done with fresh toppers. the onions/onion rings were terrible all one solid clump like a rookie cook had done them. the bbq sauce was very tasty. iced tea was good & strong not that watered down stuff

So I come in with mom maybe like 3p.m. Ish, no greeting, we sit for a few minutes & notice to table was set but still a little STICKY from not wiping down well so WE cleaned the table OURSELVES. After cleaning our table I actually had to survey the restaurant for a clue on how to order being that we weren't greeted or approached with menus. Suddenly, the young lady seated next to the register FINALLY gets up from being so wrapped up in her smartphone, notices me looking around & pretty much THROWS the menus on our table without asking what we want to drink(which should be a standard procedure in all sit down restaurants). We DID in fact ask her some questions about the menu that she apparently had trouble with, so I believe she had to send another young man to our table (who was shaking like a leaf) & was just as unprofessional as she was bc he was just as dismissive. Plus he works there & doesn't know what bean sprouts are. (I mean come on where did they find these ppl?) we get our dishes & I mean I had pho before & it smelled pretty unappealing for the most part, I couldn't finish my dish. I then look around if the kids coming back to check in with us being that I'm pretty much done with my food & now THIS kid's by the register all on his phone, too caught up in face booking or something to notice that I'm looking for him. An older guy then noticed me looking around & had to approach the kid to get up & do his job.

Unfortunately, this is not the case this time around.

#10 ... COCKROACHES IN THE BED!! After 5 smacks with a tennis shoe to kill the first seen cockroach, we bagged it - tagged it and went straight to the front desk.  We were told that 'we're not a dirty hotel, it's just that time of year' ... WHATEVER!!The RoachMotel cost was $139/night ... we stayed in a real SUITE a million and one times better still located off the strip for $149 ... Took us less than 2 min to pack our bags and get out of there!!I would recommend sleeping on the corner with the homeless before suggesting this place to ANYONE!! *** they don't deserve any stars but YELP will not allow you to post a review unless you select at least one ***Front desk is unprofessional. The black lady knows nothing, even if you ask her what's in front of her when you call from your room. They left the ice machine broken for two days, then finally fixed it, but left the not working sign on the ice machine. It's Vegas, and it's easy to get hydrated. When I walk barefoot in my room, the soles of my feet look as if i've been jogging in dirt. Nasty rooms, unprofessional front desk (that lady I mentioned earlier), and a nonchalant attitude towards people who spend money here. Appreciate that you have customers coming to this shit hole with the shitty employee that knows nothing at all...whatsoever.Looking to stay in a room where you have Pimps and Prostitutes. Well come to the Stay Suites of America Las Vegas (South) where you can watch a pimp slap his workers upside the head. Nothing but pure entertainment. I had to reschedule my date for my room and this room was in the price range of the room I had so I figured why not its right across from the Mandalay Bay which is a lie. It is across the freeway and  behind the Mandalay Bay down the street from Hustler Gentleman Club. It was a horrible experience.

Money was wasted.  Although the bread was delicious and the waitress was nice,  I don't plan to return.Visited Fratelli's last night as a pre-Valentine's meal with my wife and two daughters. First thing first...ordered Lemonade for my daughters to drink, and they ran out. I'm not sure how you can run out of lemonade on a weekend, especially from a fountain dispenser. Oh well, just some water I guess. I then asked for some info on the tap beer selection. The server didn't have any idea about what was what, so he had to go check. After checking, he restated what he was told, and any selection I picked, they were out also. I finally settled on a Stella after trying to get 4 other beers. My biggest frustration was that the server had to go and ask after each request, so I felt like I should have just walked up to the bar to get first hand answers. It took way longer than it needed to, and he probably should have just told me the 4 or 5 beers that they actually did have. The bread was ok, and the Pizza was good, but the dining experience was horrible. I would not recommend dining in if you go here...just call for take out, and you will have a much better experience.Allison, the waitress, was awesome!

* Unavoidable sudden events(death in the family) happened before the event. This created a lot of chaos and things that needed to be done immediately, no matter what.

Despite diluting it with a quart of water the sodium level would not reduce. Once wonders even what their sodium product was.

I believe the people were friendly enough and ladybug is sooo funny (that's who my friend had)

First off they never return your calls. EVER. They scheduled a walk through date two weeks prior to the very date they wanted. A week later they called to tell us that the guy can't do that date because he's "going to be on vacation and won't be back until the first of the next month. And then he can do it after the first." So, no real date there.

Telling me "Were closing tonight-The Mirage doesnt own us anymore and were not taking room charges!"

Your computer system isn't even linked between stores to show prices at other stores,  what's on hand, etc.

If you MUST do this tour, do the basic tour (11 GBP) and skip the Gold tour (19GBP). If you don't know anything about scotch you might find it interesting.  If you have marginal knowledge of scotch you will find it useless.  The barrel ride is a joke and has no useful info.  We found ourselves up at the royal mile with time to kill before a tour reservation so decided to check this out.  Initially I was against it, but then read the reviews and decided to spring for it.  My wife (not a scotch drinker) did the basic tour and I did the gold since the included 4 additional tastings seemed like a bargain; was I WRONG!Barrel tour was waste of time and insult to intelligence.

I have never experienced the sheer lack of service as I did recently at the Holiday Inn Express South Side Pittsburgh.  Reservations and Payment: I booked a group of 8 rooms for four days.  I needed an invoice or confirmation with the entire cost of the rooms in order to have my organization write a check for the total cost. I was told that the manager of the hotel was the only person who could provide me with this documention.  Over the three weeks preceding the stay, I left no less than 9 voicemails for the manager. Each voicemail provided my name, email address, cell phone number, confirmation code, and a clear explanation of what I needed and why.  On one of my repeated calls, I did finally manage to get the assistant manager on the phone; he promised to send me the required information immediately.  I finally received the invoice a week later after an additional two voicemails; unfortunately, it indicated that the entire cost for the block of 8 rooms for four nights was approximately $1,500. I immediately replied to the email asking for the correct amount (a total that exceeded 5,000). I never received a reply to this email. I called the hotel five days before the group checked in so as to have each individual's name on the reservation so that they could check in easily. I spent 45 minutes on the phone with the very polite front desk person, painstakingly giving each name, receiving confirmation numbers for each guest, and going over the payment plan in detail.  Upon checking into the hotel, none of the guests were able to use the confirmation numbers I provided them, nor were any of the rooms in their name. Upon checking out, it was established that half of the rooms were charged to each individual's credit card rather than taken from either the corporate card I used to pre-pay the rooms with, or the large check I brought with me.  Upon trying to remedy this, I spent another 20 minutes with a very polite and helpful front desk clerk, only to find that not only were the majority of the rooms charged to individual cards, but that they couldn't even find one of the reservations.   Service: Upon checking in, one guest discovered that the couch in his room had been vomited on by the previous guest.  When he went to the front desk, he was told that there had been a sports event the previous night, and that someone would eventually be up to clean the couch.  Upon arriving back at his room the next night, he found that "cleaning up" apparently meant reversing the couch cushion. He was never offered an alternate room, nor was the mess ever taken care of properly.  Three of the guests did not receive maid service for three of the four days. They did not have "do not disturb" signs on their doors, and when they specifically requested service, it was not delivered.

So Banfield help me understand where are my savings, I paid yearly $419.4 for the Optimum Wellness Plan  plus $189.00 dental plus all the overprice medications this is for 2 visit yearly check up.

-Not honoring the drinks deal

I am so annoyed with this experience even a few days later. I don't think I will be back here. Not even to order to-go. (which i couldn't even find a to-go menu and even trying to ask for one was a hassle.) Archi's you really let me down this past Sunday. I hope your manager reads this and puts you into place. I don't expect top-notch service and someone always at my table, but I do expect a smile and atleast a little service when dining out.I absolutely enjoy Thai food.  I usually enjoy Thai dishes at Archi's on Flamingo, however recently had tried the location on S. Rainbow.  My experience here was absolutely disappointing.  I had raved about this restaurant to a friend and invited her along.  We met at the Rainbow location (it was just convenient...otherwise Flamingo location would've been the spot).  Service: Scale 1-10  "1"

Produce is poor and meat not much better.

right now employees are pretending to be reviewers  so be aware of your surroundings and know what is real!

When I indicated that's not what I'd been told, they more or less said, "so sad, too bad."Awful customer service. Rude employees.The only good thing to say is the room is nice. But honestly, there are much better places at the same price point.I'd guess they treat their employees like crap and the stuff is just flowing downhill.The lighting in the room is dim and the lighting in the bathroom will make you look ill when youre looking in the mirror.I was excited to stay in a suite at the Mirage as it has always been one of my favorite casinos, but was very disappointed.  The suite was very nice, but that was about it.  I had my 5 year old with me and there is no where you can watch a baseball game and there in-room tv service did not offer the channel the playoff game was on (FS1).  Some of the staff was borderline rude for a highly rated hotel.  The  sportsbook (when I finally went) is a joke.  Most of the seats are reserved only and alcohol prices are about that of going to a really nice bar.If you have a kid forget it, not kid friendly even though they have the dolphins and tigers etc.  If you don't have a kid forget it, for the price there are much better out there on the strip.Again the suite was nice, but for the money it is not worth it given everything else.  What happened to you Mirage?  I will miss you as I will not be returning!We stayed at Mirage as a teen with my parents and remember when it was a relatively classy place. But 1 employee ruined all of this. When he spouted a racist comment to the family in front of us because they had a lot of bags and a stroller. We managed to get the name of this employee. Farzad Keyhan has ruined the memory of the Mirage. I have no idea why this casino would employ this man. I haven't been there in years as we usually stay at MGM, but we had a last minute change in our plans and MIRAGE was offering a great deal.Booked two rooms through third party site. Confirmed with MIRAGE res line on way to hotel. At check in upon checking in this Farzad guy must have been getting off work and had a couple or was tired which I understand but yelling at a family then stating go back to your own county after yelling that strollers aren't allowed is ridiculous....especially when he himself appeared to obviously not have been born in the United states is ridiculous. Attention Mirage management... reel this guy in or fire him your casino has its history and doesn't need this.Would not return if rooms were free. Avoid.Rude and unhelpful front desk.  Beds are highly uncomfortable and bathrooms that feel old and dirty.  Used to like this hotel but not after this visit.Had occasion to stay here recently due to a having an evening planned there. First of all, this place is showing its age a bit. The Front Desk staff were OK, a little rushed and not too friendly. Getting to your room here is a hassle. I'm a bit resentful of being forced to drag our bag through the entire casino to get to the elevators. I'm also resentful of paying $252.00 for an old room and getting shanked for a $25.00 "resort fee". This is just a straight rip off, a "because we can F*ck You" fee.When I checked in, my room was not ready. I called the front desk and they said they would send someone up to clean it. An hour passes by and no one shows up. They offered to give me a smaller room. No thanks. I mentioned it to them again, and they accused me of leaving the privacy indicator on the door. I didn't. Avoid this place. Dated rooms. Awful service.I had a terrible experience with both, the Mirage Group Housing staff and the Front Desk staff.  I had a room block of about 30 rooms for my company, and the Group Housing department for the hotel was the most unorganized and unhelpful staff I have encountered during all of our events this year.  For starters, they couldn't seperate our sub-blocks out, which is a problem I've never encountered with any other hotel. This made it incredibly difficult to find the egregious errors that they had made when I sent over my final staff list.  The person I worked with in Group Housing had left "placeholders" on the final reservation list, when I had told her that the staff list and reservation lists should look identical. They didn't set up a master bill, which I had requested weeks in advance; and didn't find out wasn't done until my staff began to arrive and check in. To top it all off, I went over to the Mirage (I was staying at The Venetian), to file a complaint with a manager, and the front desk told me that there was no one, other than the front desk manager that I could speak to.  They were most unhelpful and didn't have any additional manager contacts that they could realease. Or so I was told.All of these problems were nonexistant with my room block of 15 at The Venetian; which is where our company will be entertaining the idea of taking our large housing block for next year's event."Please note that we will need to shut off both hot and cold water in our rooms between 11pm and 4am" what? I don't even understand what that means and if it's even possible to do that at a full service hotel- let alone one of the biggest hotels on the Vegas strip! I called and ask what will happen if I need to use the bathroom in the middle of the night and the response was- sorry.. You won't be able to flush until the morning. I am speechless. First and last time staying here.Very disappointing stay.  First, we went to CPK & couldn't get drinks because the bar was broken. Then, the fan in our bathroom was incredibly noisy and the TV broke.  Then, they shut off the water from 11pm to 5am.  When it came on - there must have been something in those pipes because had bad allergies from it.  If it hadn't been for the engineer fixing the TV so fast & the great massage I got at the spa, this stay would have been a complete loss!  Enough places there that I will definitely be staying somewhere else in the future!Horrid. They let us check in without informing us of plumbing issues. Which we discovered meant NO SHOWER/TUB WATER available all night in our room, the first night.Had a discussion at check-in about my husband being permanently disabled, and looking forward to using the hot tub, by the pool. The lady informed us the hotel had gone to "winter hours" so we could go between 10am and 4pm..... So - we dressed down the next day to use the hot tub, only to be informed by a gentleman there - the pool and hot tub are CLOSED ALL WINTER!!!Had we been given the opportunity to KNOW these things at check-in - we MIGHT have been able to arrange our pans around it, or even checked into a hotel that actually HAD plumbing 24/7, as well as hot tub facilities. It was just so shady of them to not even give us the option. I get they want rooms filled. They have quotas too. But. It was a crappy experience. My husband's very first time to Vegas. What a flop.He has zero desire to return. That sucks! I was so embarrassed for the hotel and staff. It turned out to be a really crummy vacation. Go ANYWHERE else!!

Then on top of that all the sides were priced at 80 cents to a dollar and change (depending on the size of the pizza) They don't offer any free toppings. Our order came out to be pretty expensive, which we shrugged off since we thought it might be worth it..... it was NOT. They skimped so much on all the toppings. I barely had any vegan cheese on any of  my slices, same went for my boyfriend and there were small amounts of the other toppings as well.Needless to say, we wont be back... unless I hear they have actually tried to give you what you pay for. Otherwise, not worth taking the chance again. Also, will not recommend.If I could give this place less than a star I would.  Last night my wife and I went there because it is just down the road from our apartment.  We ordered a pizza and garlic knots, dine in.  We sat down and waited for thirty minutes. I was thinking, "hey that seems a little long for a pizza" since the place was emptying out.  I went up and asked the guy if my pizza had been cooked and about how long it may take.  After a few minutes of him doing something, other than looking for my order, he said, "it'll be a few minutes and we will bring it out to you."  This interaction was clearly a brush off and a "Why are you asking me? Get out of my face".  I sat down and waited another 15 minutes and asked someone else the same question.  The cook looked confused and pointed to the warming case. The guy went over and grabbed it and handed it to me.  I said, "are you serious?"  He just handed it to me and walked away.  Needless to say, I am angry about my experience. Although I don't know what fresh fuel pizza tastes like because it had been in a warmer drawer for at least twenty minutes ,I imagine it tastes like a warmer version of the crap I ate when we got back to our apartment.  I would rank the pizza taste less than a chilled pizza hot pocket.  Not going back.  Garbage service and poor quality pizza.Alright, this is the second time I've spent my well earned cash at fuel and the second time I've been seriously disappointed. Service was terrible, again. The guy was smart and rude. I felt very uncomfortable through the whole process. Then after I waited fifty minutes for my pizza I was presented with a pizza with half mushrooms and half plain when I paid for a whole mushroom pizza......So unhappy. Never again.$17.00 for a 14" pizza with 2" of crust from the edge and very little topping.  Brought the pizza back and asked the manager if he expected me to pay $17.00 for this?  "His reply was that's our large it's 14", I can make you an extra large? I could have gone to Little Cesar's and purchase 3 for that price.  Apparently they would like to be compared with LC....Not very busy on Halloween night at Fuel Pizza on South Blvd but yet I ordered my pizza at 9:14 pm for HERE and at 9:54 pm I have yet to receive my food. All employees on their phones and walking around eating pizza but yet we still have no pizza. The manager is on his phone and when we asked about the pizza everyone looking stupid not even knowing that we placed an order... They put the pizza in the oven while they were trying to find my pizza, no that doesn't work. Took a refund and kept it moving...Ok so I always go to the Central location, but I was at work which is closer to this location.  We ordered delivery and it came really quick.  The pizza was half done.  The other half was white, doughy, uncooked toppings. So I called and they sent a second pizza.  It was a little more done, but absolutely disgusting.  It was so soggy and greasy that it wouldn't even hold the toppings.  They slide off as soon as I pick up the pizza.  It made me sick and I lost my appetite.  I was extremely disappointed.My steak was over cooked and covered in a thin tastless gravy.  Don't waste your time.Short and not so sweet on this one.

The hallway smelled old rather a Las Vegas hotel even if it isn't one of the more pricey hotels.

I know for anyone who has bought an RV in the past as we have from La Mesa the deal was good but the service was crazy bad. well LIFESTYLE RV is worse.

We requested additional pillows - housekeeping called in the middle of the night after we were already asleep to ask us if we still needed pillows, instead of bringing them as requested.

-The wifi sucks

OMG! The food was soooo bad, for example the brocoli was horribly overcooked and steamed and sitting in a puddle of water---seriously, hospital cafeteria food would have done brocoli and other veggies better justice.I felt very squirmish, just trying to pick and choose the least nasty looking thing to put on my plate,  which quite frankly had me wondering if my plate was clean enough to eat off of.A lot of the dishes weren't labeled this time,  which didn't help the situation.A couple of times I caught myself staring in utter disbelief at a lot if the dishes.I most definitely do not remember food being this horrendous the last time I was here.Not sure what has happened between then and now,  but I most certainly will not be coming back.The last straw was seeing that there was a hair in the plain white pasta....ohhh...no...ohhh Makes me wonder what kind of a kitchen does food like that come out of...I shiver in fear and utter disgust just thinking about it now. And I pray, as this questionable food still sits in my belly, that I feel all right tomorrow for my meeting. And I vow to never treat myself so poorly again. Please God please let me be ok for tomorrow...And after that wonderful culinary experience, the waitress handed us the pink bill, we left 15% tip on the table for her, cause she was kind and felt that it surely it's not her fault that literal shit is being passed off as edible food.The cashiers at the front were rude and just as nasty as the food I had there that day.On a positive note I'm really impressed with how they are able to remain in business serving sludge like that, treating people like that. Bravo! I think it may have a lot to do with the shrimps and clams they have that I saw several people pack their plates with just that. I suppose if someone is into clams and uncleaned shrimps, they could say "what a great value"  but the problem with that is that based on what I did see and taste,  I am pretty sure those shrimps and clams must have tasted just as nasty as everything else.It had been almost 2 yrs since I've been there, and this is the last time.Some people seem to think buffet equals  expecting  crappy food. I could think of three other chinese buffet restaurants that I regularly go to, with much higher standards and much better service, in the same price range.After many years, this place is now officially dead to me, equivalent to it no longer existing.It takes forever to get served.  It is a chain -- so the dishes aren't awesome.  Seems the sweet crepes are better (or at least look better) than the savory ones, we did not stick around to find out.  The savory crepes though... First of all, they don't taste so good.  The crepes are soggy, the chicken is a bit dry and the cream sauce put us in the bathroom for 2 days.  So, I would say never againThis is a typical Old Montreal tourist-centered dining experience. No repeat business expected. Omelets are chewy, filled with canned or overcooked vegetables and served with fake maple syrup. Real maple syrup costs extra. Drinks come from the fountain or an old coffee pot. Nothing interesting here. If this is the only crepe you've ever eaten, I pity you. Go elsewhere regardless.I had the most horrible experience in that restaurant... we arrived to the restaurant before 7... we didnt get our entree until 9... we had to ask and remind that we hadn't ate... all we ordered were cheese fondues... we saw people who came after us left already... and the quality of the fondue wasn't even good... i had better in NYC... the service was terrible as well... we asked the waitress to lite the candles for the fondue(she only lite 1 candle which the cheese wasn't even hot) she told us all the excuses that she couldn't lite them while there are like 5 candles underneath...At the end, i requested for the manager... her reason for havin us waited for the fondue was the restaurant was really busy... dun feel sorry at all...Rubbery crepe, stick-like asparagus (even though it is asparagus season!!), and terrible, horrible service. Plus, there isn't really wifi, even though it says that there is. When we were there, the credit card machine was broken, and you would have thought that there was a major world crisis with the complete inability to deal shown by the staff. Blech. Give it a pass.Worst crepes I've had. Dessert crepes were cold and rubbery. Definitely not fresh. The ice cream had a bad taste. I would never eat here again.J étais un habitué. Quand on vient souper un trio de fondu 75$ pour deux, puis un mouton cadet à 23$, on a s'attend à autre chose que de la viande de bœuf servie noire, une fois puis deux fois après avoir demandé un changement d'assiette. De plus la viande avait un goût de poisson, pour la deuxième assiette. La troisième avait l air correcte, mais bon deux expérience négative ça coupe l'appétit. En plus, limite on te rit à la face ..C'est bon ça suffit.Tu prends un café pour terminer le souper, et la facture. 138 $ taxes et tip compris,Tu paies plein pot. Tu crois qu'ils auraient offert le café pour s'excuser ? Même pas ! Bonjour le sens du commerce ...En ce 24 Août 2014, quelle déception de se voir servir dans deux assiettes différentes, la même viande, mais avec une couleur complètement différente et dont, surtout, l'une d'elle avait un goût de crevettes...

On Sat 1/30 I got a letter from them that was dated 1/25 telling me to call a number "for prior authorization".

Scorpions, bugs, and dirty never cleaned community pools.The pool water is literally green.This is the WORST OBGYN in the valley! This place doesn't even deserve one star.Terrible. Just terrible.This place pre-bills you for your pregnancy. We received a bill in the mail for over $1000. This was after we had only been to our first appointment. They will estimate how much you will owe for your pregnancy then bill you. Nothing like paying for services that you have not even gotten yet.Every time we have gone there we have seen someone different. There are so many people working there that you will never see the same person. It's very impersonal. Everyone in the office works set schedules. We would give them dates that we could make follow up appointments and the assistant that we just saw would be off and we would have to make an appointment with another assistant. You will not see a "doctor" unless they have to prescribe something that the assistants can't prescribe. All you will see is assistants.Don't even bother calling the office if you have a question or a concern. You would get more compassion and a better answer from the nurse giving the flu shot at the local Wal-Mart.They will not even take your medical history into account when prescribing medication. They prescribed my wife a medicine that she can't even take. When we called the office to get something else, they told her that she would have to come back in to get another prescription. Nothing like spending more money for another visit for their mistake.This office does not care about the patient. All they care about is whether you are going to make a payment or not. This place should go public, because all they care about is making money... At least their shareholders would be happy.BEWARE. BEWARE. Don't say I didn't warn you.Go here if you want to be pushed through the system with no respect to you.Cold is a good word for it. I didn't get to see a doctor until the fifth visit. When I did he looked more at my chart than he did at me. We waited for him for a long time, and he was with us for a short time. He seemed eager to leave, and didn't bother asking us if we had any questions. This is our first pregnancy and we did have questions. Questions we wrote down specifically to ask our doctor. But he skedaddled out of the room so quick, all my husband and I could do was find our way back to reception.The receptionists CONSTANTLY ask you if you want to pay your bill. We tell them, not today we have a plan for our bills. But every time we go we are hounded for the money. The visits before the one with the doctor were just okay. We felt very pushed through the system. I didn't feel like anybody gave a crap about me. And here I was excited and curious. Not just that but all they do is bark orders at you. Leave a urine sample. Go to Lab Corp. Be back in four weeks. I constantly feel like a bad student being punished. I was immediately turned off by this place, but we waited it out until we met with a doctor. Dr. Partridge. We should have left the first day. We found another place that's less conveniently located, but was recommended by a friend. We have hope that it will be even slightly better.That being said, the individuals in reception, billing, and even the PA's and WHCNP's were fine. Not outstanding, but perfectly acceptable. It's the whole experience that makes me so angry and happy to be leaving. The one we went to was actually on Frye Rd. I think it might have moved, unless I am mistaken in which case I apologize.This is one of the most money making mentality businesses I have delt with. Such poor patient care!! WOW they are only in to make money, they will force you to make appointments for every little thing you might want to ask the doctor. Even to know your blood work results, I mean seriously you think we have nothing else to do in this world other than of course help you bill the insurance for each visit. Oh I wish I had seen the reviews before I wasted my time with them! Please stay away from them if you are looking for a genuine caring Practice.I visited their Gilbert Mercy Clinic, but they are all the same. And when I decided to move to a different doctor they would not fax my results/reports to this new doctor. They kept making up excuses like "we have already faxed it", OR "no I think we had the wrong number" I mean seriously you are so lame and dumb to fax patients reports to a wrong fax number??? I felt like I should sue them for the mental trauma and agony they caused me!! I just simply hate them, so unprofessional. I have never had such a bad experience with any other practise ever before.I am 25 weeks and 3 days pregnant.I had a scheduled appointment on June 3rd at 3:50pm with Dr. Iacovelli. I was very excited because I have loved having her as my doctor in the past. I had the time and date written on a reminder card, it was written in my calendar, and I received a courtesy call the day before. I arrived at 3:43pm and when I walked into the office I was extremely caught off guard. The reception area was completely dry walled and closed off and the staff was sitting in the waiting room with Ipads just waiting for patients. It was extremely awkward and claustrophobic. One of the medical staff asked if I had an appointment. I said yes and told her my name and appointment time. She rudely told me, "sorry, you don't have an appointment". I told her yes I did and that I had it written on a reminder card and I received a courtesy call last night. She continued to tell me I was wrong and that I did not have an appointment. I then pulled my phone out of my purse and played my voicemail message from the courtesy call on speaker for the staff to hear. After hearing the message with my appointment date and time, she continued to treat me like I was wrong but said she would squeeze me in with another provider. She took me back into the exam room and did the routine things. I went to the bathroom to leave a urine sample, as I was walking back to the exam room, I heard a staff member yell at the front staff and tell them, "get back in the waiting room! I don't want to see you in here again unless its for a bathroom break!" I then waited for the provider. The provider (I think the staff said her name was Bonelli? and that she was a NP) was very prompt in seeing me. The first thing she said was, "wow you haven't been in here in a long time". I proceeded to explain that I was seen at the hospital 3 weeks ago and I had to reschedule my appointment and this was the soonest they could schedule me. She was very cold and rude. She measured my belly to see how my baby was growing. I asked her if the baby was measuring big or small and she just ignored me. She then went on to tell me that I was extremely overweight and needed to stop eating so much. I weighed 155 before pregnancy and weighed 166 today at the appointment. At the end of the appointment she was very sarcastic and asked, "if I schedule you to come back in 4 weeks are you ACTUALLY going to come? And on the right day?" I felt very disrespected and like I was a liar even though I had shown proof of when my appointment was scheduled. When the staff came into the room to schedule my upcoming appointment she entered my appointment under the wrong name but realized at the end and she started laughing and said, "woops I scheduled you as someone else! You would have come in again when you didn't have a scheduled appointment!" I left and got in my car and instantly burst into tears. I have been coming to this office since I had my first son in 2011 and feel like this office has gone from the best Doctor's office I have ever been to, to a nazi corporate impersonal Doctor's office. If I were not as far into my pregnancy as I already am, I would never come back.If I could give this negative ratings, I would. The PA forced the speculum in and did not allow me to ask questions. When I complained, the office manager insisted that the PA was well-liked and couldn't believe I had a bad experience. Then, when I asked to be transferred to the Tempe Mom Doc location, they ok'd it, but didn't tell me I would have to be processed as a new patient. I only found out the day I tried to schedule my IUD insertion. Lo and behold, no same day spots available for new patients. These people are the rudest, most incompetent, callous "practitioners" I've ever had the displeasure of seeing. GO ELSEWHERE.I went for a yearly check up and apparently, you are not allowed to ask questions. If you ask any questions they charge extra (in my case,over $300!), which of course was not communicated to me at the time. Now my appointment that should have been covered by insurance I'm having to pay a sizeable amount out of pocket. When I called the billing office to find out why I was charged the extra fee I was told they charge the extra fee if you need a prescription for birth control too. Having been to a gyno for 16 years I've never been charged for asking questions or needing a birth control script. The visit with the doctor itself was nothing special, the doctor was mildly friendly tho somewhat frazzled. It was also a bit odd that they do not have a front desk, just assistants with tablets who sit in the waiting area and approach you as you enter to check you in.  I had previously gone to the Maricopa office and had NO problems. I will not be returning.If I had the option to give no stars that would be my first choice, but unfortunately I will have to give them this one. This is by far the worst medical office I have ever been to. For starters, they have medical assistants,  untrained in front office policies and insurance, working the front office (via iPads) and discussing patient sensitive matter in front of the entire waiting room. On multiple visits I have witnessed multiple hippa violations (one major being the time they asked me to recite my social security number in front of another patient checking out) on different occasions. Unfortunately for them, because of my profession, I am completely up to date on HIPPA regulations and plan to file an official complaint through the .gov website.  I will never return to this office again nor will I refer. Thought I would branch out and give a public practice a try but never again. Private practices would NEVER treat a patient the way I was treated here. Don't bother booking, they'll more than likely ask you to come in early just to let you know they won't see you when you're two minutes late. Ridiculous.The care I received here was satisfactory.

Bottom line save your time and money just go straight to somewhere else.$20 cover for about 8 girls on a Saturday night and a bunch of dudes and they're never going back to this place.Piece of shit hussler girls working there.  I was tempted to have the cops show up for stealing my money..  I can honestly the girls know how to cover their asses and change their tune when management comes in.  First one baited me for an extra 10, second was an extra 60.  And yes I was sober.I ordered an item (pizza oven) to be delivered Dec. 24th as a gift and it finally showed up  Jan. 5th and it is broken .They said they could deliver a new one in one week, January 16th too late for the party December 25th, January 1st, January 8th,January 15th, the national college championship game.No one should buy anything from them and expect to receive it in working order when you may need it. They will not assist you with a return, you are on your own.Go ahead,buy your wife a gift and piss her off!!! This review is for the online store only ,the people at the Biltmore store are wonderful and extremely helpful.While shopping for Christmas gifts at this store I was approached by a sales person when I stopped to look at a Nespresso espresso machine. She told me they were on sale at the best price they will ever be. She checked a clipboard and gave me a price of $89. Since the price shown was $149 I said I would take one. I waited in line and she brought one out to me from the back. When I finally made it to the check out I was told the price was $104. The sales person showed the check out the paperwork on the sale but was told that was wrong. While the check out was not quite rude she was not in a helpful mood.I felt this was a form of bait and switch and complained to the corporate office. They were not helpful either.I will not shop at this store again and  urge others to check out the many bad reviews of this store and shop someplace else.Yesterday late afternoon, I browsed at this location inside of Scottsdale Fashion Square to look at the pretty Easter tablescape, aside from checking out whether their seasonal cookie cutters were on sale.  There was an older sales associate (petite, skinny, haggard, graying stringy hair, no makeup, no nice wardrobe...just looking like she lives in a trailer) who kept following us customers around and repeatedly inquiring whether we needed help and while we politely said "no thanks", she continued following (& following)- targeting the (approachable) lone ones.  Pretty much borderline stalking.  There WAS a copper pumpkin cookie cutter on sale that I thought of purchasing solely to make a picture frame ornament (as I have other like frames in my collection for displaying), but because she was such a distraction in this store that affected my mind trying to decide whether it's really worth to add said cookie cutter to my collection, I changed my mind and left (there are many other (cheaper) cutters I can find elsewhere anyway, right?).  Instead of wasting time following customers and pretending she's stocking something, how about she cleaned up that disgusting stove with a saucepan on the burner with some cold food in it that needed washing and also throw out those madeleine cookies and clean the baking pan?  Sorry that I didn't take a photograph, must be I was in such a hurry to get the heck out of there.  I will be reporting her to the boss.  I usually shop at the Biltmore Fashion Park location or order online, so I will definitely stay at these two.  There was no reason for her conduct.  We customers looked very nice and had money to spend and this location is not in a ghetto neighborhood.  My suggestion to this bored pest is to get a job elsewhere that doesn't deal with the public and to improve her appearance (we customers take the time to look nice, we expect store people to look nice, too).  She judged customers, we customers judge her in return.  Don't like it, too bad.  My forewarning to businesses who treat customers as such the above, I will be more than happy to report you and give you a 1-star rating on Yelp.  Meantime, leave us alone and let us shop in peace(!)  Gah...UPDATE:  I received an e-mail reply from Williams-Sonoma on the following Thursday morning assuring me that they have forwarded my experience to their Retail Store Management that reviews / follows up with each store's sales associates.  I simply mentioned said pestering sales associate as well as the dirty stove- pretty much from what I reviewed above.  And, it was totally not acceptable to this company.. Thanks for the quick customer service, Williams-Sonoma!15 minutes in the store, ready to buy a set of cookware retailing over $700 and no one approached me. No, I don't look like a weirdo or smell bad. Off to Amazon I go. Brick and mortar stores like this location deserve the slow deaths they are suffering.This place is soooo overrated, crowded and the music is not memorable.  Also, the band BEGS for tips!   Tacky!  One night a bunch of us girls went early enough to wait for the band to start and had a couple of rounds of beers when the bouncer came up to the table we'd been holding and told us that in ten minutes our table was reserved for someone else and we'd have to vacate.  The owner's response when we objected was "So what.  I own the place"  I'm a Scottsdale native and this experience just proved that Scottsdale's hometown feel is officially gone.  We walked over to Patty's and had a great time, forgetting about those fake cowboys at the Spur.This place could be a great little saloon if you could get rid of all the drunk college kids and wanna-be cowboys, and then find a decent band that isn't constantly begging for tips.On the up-side, its a great place to hang out if you're a drunk college kid or some wannabe-cowboy who likes listening to some half-assed band beg for tips all night long.I use to love taking guests/clients/co-workers in town to the Rusty....but when Psychobilly band plays,  I have be careful who I take...   Jimmy and his raunchy lyrics...get kind of old after a while.  And he yells ever 5 minutes to TIP the F**king band...that gets old too!   Handle Bar J's is larger not as quiant as R.S.  but classier I guess.   Bring back the other band!Watch your drink! We loved going in to have a cold one every time we are in Ole Town, one of our party experienced being hit by a drug. It could have been really bad, had we were not a large group and was able to care for our friend!My GF and I went there and the music was good.  However, we are in AZ and thought Nachos would be a safe bet.  I tried to order them with chicken (a 1.50 up charge and the bartender advised they already come with meat and beans)  I went without the chicken.  We have been around the world, currently living in the pix area, and these by far are the worst nachos we have ever had.  More than half the stale chips had nothing on them.  Beer was fine, music was good, but I would never eat there again.  $12.00 for the nachos?  If I was the owner or cook I would be embarr assedVisited this "saloon" in Old Town, Phoenix but I was severely disappointed.  Was looking for a nice place to listen to some country and maybe do a little dancing with the wifey and heard this was the place to go....Nope!  The place is horribly small, no room to even stand in there much less make it to the bar to get a drink.  The music was live but I'm not a big fan of the whole "give me a tip and I'll play you a song" deal.  How about you play some good songs and then I'll give you a tip.  I will not be going back and I don't recommend.Rusty on customer service....Really disappointed as the bar looked great, just the sort of place I normally like to visit as I'm a musician and love live music venues. Essentially the guy behind the bar was too busy talking to one of his regulars and it seemed like it was a real effort to serve us. No small talk and literally threw the change down on the bar and carried on talking to his buddy. Made us feel like a piece of crap on the bottom of his shoe. Pity as he had some really cool T shirts but instead of buying I voted with my feet.Obviously doesn't like visitors.StaY away from the Crazy Man!! The Ponytailed bartender 'Jimmy'... Rude... Angry and Mean Spirited ..continued demanding (more) tips.. I told him kindly and with a smile...'you don't have to worry..we'll take care if you'.. And he grabbed our beers and told us to get out! Crazy Man.. Has issues..Stay Away!!... (Edited).. And COUNT YOUR CHANGE!.. He'll TAKE what he thinks he has coming to him without your offering it! Realized this after we left!! WOW.Was here this past weekend on a Friday night. The two bartenders were HORRIBLY rude and provided the worst service I've ever had. The bar wasn't busy at all (about 10 people total, we had 5 in our party), we were very polite. Had come here before and it was fine, but the two female bartenders were so rude and snotty that I definitely wouldn't return or recommend!Strange bar and the bartender was a sourpuss all night like he didn't want to be there. Decent live guitar player jammed several oldies and country pop songs. Strange crowd. One chick was hitting on me right in front of my wife. I kept trying to rid myself of her and finally realized the people next to us had money on the bar. Think she was a scammer thief because as soon as the $$ was gone she didn't come back!My husband and I came here during our vacation to Phoenix and both ended up with food poisoning. We called to ask if anyone else has reported food poisoning and they acted like they could have cared less. The atmosphere was neat although it is pretty cramped in there. Minus the food poisoning the food was decent, although overpriced.On 4/1/15 after spring training game came here for music and food. Waitress said we could order food from another establishment since it was past 4:00 pm.  Manager/Owner Cussed us out and flipped  us off!  We only did what the waitress suggested. Stay away from this place!! We are mature ladies who live in Scottsdale. Will never come her again !! Absolutely floored and disgusted by bartender behavior. Other patrons ran to our rescue by this owner/manager behavior.Disappointing is the word that first comes to mind. Not bad, just disappointedOn 4/1/15 after a spring training game our Sweet waitress told us we could order food to be delivered! (since they did not serve food afar 4pm)Bartender was rude and came to our table greeted us as we were breaking the rules! Wish I had a picture of the bartender  giving us the double birdie as we were leaving. #classyThe bartender just double flipped us off! Stay away from this placeThis is a fun small hole-in-wall bar. I gave them 1 star because the blonde female bartender has a nasty attitude. I was sitting at the bar and left my drink to use the restroom. When I returned my drink had been thrown away. When I questioned the bartender, she was over the top rude and nasty. Granted it wasn't a full drink but it was my drink nevertheless.I'm sure this place is great if you want to listen to live country music and drink. If you want to eat? Not good at all.  My burger was straight out of the freezer and burnt to a dry crisp topped with canned green chilies along with bacon that might have been crispy at one point but was cooked to bacon dust. The onion rings were clearly frozen together when they dropped them in the fryer because they came out as one clump. Awful.Not a destination place for its cuisine! Good for a beer, listening to live country music, and checking out eclectic decor. But the hockey puck $10 burger; yuck!Had lunch there today; it was my first and last time here. Unfriendly bartender and waitress; grudging service, no smiles, no eye contact. Obviously don't like working there. Food was fast food quality. Singer was okay but nowhere near the professional level.Ashley was an extremely rude manager, made me feel uncomfortable and did not care about what I had to say about the shoes I was looking for. I am a very loyal customer to Aldo, I have boughten multiple shoes from here, although I can say that I will not be back after numerous accounts of unprofessional behavior.Yuk-O. I work just down the street and read the reviews so thought it would be great. Wrong! They gyro was ok, but the salad that came with it was nasty, wilted lettuce with a brown slice of tomato and a blob of dressing. Their prices are too expensive for lunch and to top it off the girl working take out was totally snotty and rude when I asked some questions about the menu. This one is a pass for me.Yuck. The chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself.  The "salad" was shredded lettuce with dressing, no veggies.  The location is great, so I'm a little disappointed the food wasn't better.Horrible service!!!

Do yourself a favor and skip this place!so i boycotted this location the last time i went because the new people who worked there were jerks.  i ordered a bunch of crabs after my first order, and they forgot to put the order in.  i sat there waiting literally in excess of an hour, then realized that they didn't put the order in because everyone else was getting their orders, and asked for the second batch to go since i had to be at a poker tournament.  i finished my first order, btw.  they wouldn't do it - "can't take them to go".  wait, i just sat there wasting an hour of my time, and now *i'm* being unreasonable?  no apology either for forgetting my order.  to top it off, after telling these new twits that i'm a regular, one had the nerve to say "i've never seen you here before".  right, because you just started working here a week ago.so i started going to the new west side location, but went back to this one tonight because i was on the east side of town.  bad idea - should have trusted my instincts. the waiter recognized me as a regular this time, so things seemed promising.  i asked for soy sauce when i sat down, as i *always* do, and not until he brought my order out did he tell me that they didn't have any.  fine, i will eat some of the crabs (because i was starving) and take the rest home and eat them the way i enjoy eating them - with soy sauce.  nope!  can't take leftovers home.  i said i always take my leftovers home, and he points to a sign that says that you can't.  i said i've been coming here for 3 years and always take the leftovers home - he goes "then you should know the policy".  um, no, i didn't know your *new* policy.  then he has the nerve to say to me snarkily "so the reason you didn't eat them was because you didn't have soy sauce...right."  sorry, i don't need to explain to you why i didn't eat them, but yes, that's why.  then i tried to use my groupon which i have been able to do even on their specials in the past, but i guess this exclusion is a "new policy" as well.  then, the guy goes, "next time, i'm only letting you order six at a time."  cool, nice way to treat your regulars.  sorry, there won't be a next time.  the worst part was the way he talked to me - i understand that there is now a new posted policy, fine, but he treated me like i was a criminal trying to steal from his business and talked to me like a parent scolding their child (the guy is the asian guy with the shaved head).  it's a shame, because i really liked this place - coming from philly, it was cool to have a place to get seafood that reminded me of home.  and the owners were great guys - they were always there in the past and greeted me warmly when i came.  the old asian waiter was also great - he would bring me soy sauce, my dozen crabs, and my drink without me saying a word to him but "thank you".  haven't seen the owners there since the new place opened, nor the old waitstaff who actually understood customer service.We went to the Eastern/Flamingo location Wednesday evening...12/3/14, first of all the server placed the menu on the table with out saying a word and left for at least 10 miniutes. The place only had 2 other tables that had customers at them. Right then I expected the worst and that came to be....we ordered 1 dozen large females and 1/2 dozen jumbo females...the jumbos where exactly the same size as the large females when I say large and jumbo I am talking about crab corners sizing which are really small and medium if ordering in Baltimore or other areas of MD....I am ok with that, I know what to expect with crab corners' sizing. But for the Jumbo price I do expect at least extra large crabs. The crabs did taste great and were full as in the past visits. We have been getting crabs here since they first opened...The past few times the service has been just shy of horrific ...that night the waiter did not come back after dropping off the crabs to see how things were or to  refill our sodas...my granddaughter refilled ours as needed.One other thing I need to mention, we ordered one bowl of soup and boardwalk fries for starters .....the soup never came and the fries arrived the same time as the crabs.I have met the owners when they first opened and they were very attenitive to their business and taking care of the customers. I am only writing this that they may wake up and smell the coffee before their hired help runs them out of business.It will be a long time before I or my family give the crab corner another try if ever.Took the family to the Crab Corner last night, and I must say how disappointed we were. First off the staff was polite, 2. The place looked dirty, looks like the place has not been cleaned in a while. It was a place U see on Kitchen Nightmare. My daughter had to use the rest room and could not even make it back there due to a horrible smell that was coming from the rest room. My wife had the clams and oysters and was so disappointed because they use more breading the clams or oysters. I had the wings and they tasted like they were cooked in old dirty oil. Seems to be a theme here DIRTY. The price for a PBR was 4 bucks.... Really it's PPR. For as dirty as the establishment is there is no way in hell they should be charging these prices and claiming they get fresh seafood on a daily basis. The lobster tank had 1 old run down lobster in it. To top this all off their supply of beer is just stacked in the restaurant. The same beer they charge an arm and a leg for. This place needs a major makeover and clean up. The sign on how to eat a crab looked 15 yrs old and was dirty. No one has taken a sponge, some cleaner and hot water to this place in a very long time... We were not impressed. Glad I got a deal on Living Social!!!!!Tried Crab Corner on Eastern for the first time today. Wanted Blue Crab but they were out. Ordered a dozen oysters that looked like they were kidnapped. REALLY puny and sick looking. Ate a few, was disappointed and gave it back. Ordered a plate of crawfish. They were fat. But the seasoning was TERRIBLE. They were boiled and tasted like they were drowned in salt along with the same cajun seasoning i have in my cabinet. If possible, i would give this place negative stars. I will continue to kill my craving at Boiling Crab. Service was good though.If I could give a negative star, i would. We have dined her many times and love the crabs. Every time my mom comes for a visit, we eat there a few times. Well, mom is here and we went to get crabs. As we walked in, i noticed a sign on the door that said Primo Beer $2 pints. We sat, waiter brought us menus and took our drink orders. I ordered a Primo and he said "we don't carry it anymore and we haven't for awhile" to which i said "why is the sign on the door" He told he that he told management to take it down, but they ignored him. OK fine, no biggie. We ordered drinks, got then drinks and then waited to order...

With the hassle of locating a corkscrew, I didn't even bother to ask to borrow two wine glasses.

Not good for kids*. (*Kids can't earn enough to cover these potential invoices.)Dogs

My usual go-to spot for acai is closed on Sundays. This was the back-up plan.

C'mon REALLY that's so BSWorst justice system around. I had the worst experience you can possibly have. Judge Timothy Ryan did not make one reasonable decision. I pay 65% of my income to my ex-wife and have only two days of visitation in the state of Arizona. I live across the country and can't afford to fly out do to his unreasonable decisions. I clearly presented all financial records and some how he believes that I can live off of $1800 a month and still be able to travel. I am a great dad and both my kids love and miss me beyond comprehension. I felt that since I didn't have a lawyer he didn't take anything I said into account. His attitude and thought process is clearly not in the best interest of my kids. His decisions have made my kids hurt more than the divorce with there mom. Judge Ryan has been moved to juvenile court and I feel bad for any parent or child who has to deal with him. I'm positive you won't get a reasonable decision. I'm not sure how he still has a job sitting behind the gavel. I wish I could get a new divorce trial as any other judge would look at what he did and be shocked by how he has conducted his actions in the so called "justice system".Walked in and was not greeted. Sat for 15 minutes unacknowledged. Left without a word said to me.Ok so I came here for lunch alone,I ordered my meal ....samosas and red curry with chicken.my food came in courses and tasted great.As I am eating a gentleman comes in goes to the kitchen and proceed to talk to one of the cooks,and proceeds to remove his shirt and receive a massage by the cook, in the middle of the dining room as I am eating ..,,,I paid and left and now I feel sick with the thought that the person preparing my food was the one giving the massage.i took a picOk so I came here for lunch alone,I ordered my meal ....samosas and red curry with chicken.my food came in courses and tasted great.As I am eating a gentleman comes in goes to the kitchen and proceed to talk to one of the cooks,and proceeds to remove his shirt and receive a massage by the cook, in the middle of the dining room as I am eating ..,,,I paid and left and now I feel sick with the thought that the person preparing my food was the one giving the massage.i took a picWent in on Saturday for lunch.  Customer service was pretty poor.  Parking lot is not great due to ABC Store, Goodwill, and IHOP.   Biggest disappointment is their delivery area does not include the neighborhoods on the west side of Lancaster Highway.  It seems if you have a Pineville address, they do not want your business.I don't understand how you offer delivery and I literally live on the same road, less than two miles away and you don't deliver to my area. Seriously the SAME road?! It doesn't make sense to me.Literally could not even PAY to add oil and vinegar to my sub. The only explanation I was given was "NO, it's a weird thing we can't. No you can't pay extra for it." Called corporate customer service to see why this oil and vinegar was so unattainable and I was accused of "looking for a freebie." Not sure what that oil and vinegar is made out of but it seems like it's hidden in some temple for Indiana Jones to find. Well Jersey Mike's it is!We called them out for a estimate,  aid okay,  he gave us a day,  no show.  He came the next day 6am, said artifical grass was the best ever.  Gave him over $1000.00 to buy pavers. 2 men, one continously on phone, little work.  Next day he wanted over $1000 to buy grass. Installed. He used regular play box sand on pavers, left a mess. Cement all over new and old pavers. Came next morning to finish, before they were done wanted balance over $1000. Grass, cement,  tons of wrong sand and paver cut pieces left for us. Never ever hire them unless you want to spend hours like we did cleaning up. Not sure how we will fix the pavers or remove cement discoloration.If I could leave 0 stars I would. He set an appointment with me and never showed. Didn't even have the courtesy of calling to say he couldn't make it.  Very appalled that he doesn't value a potential customers time. Don't bother using.Horrible experience. Had their kimbap and got food poisoning.I'm guessing they did poorly in their ingredient management during the hot weathers.Really disappointed in their negligence.This place is CLOSED not to reopen according to the sign on the door. So sad!! I really liked this placeLast night was my first experience trying crab corner. My family and I ordered a little bit of everything on the menu to get the full experience. It was my hope that the crab would be very meaty and flavorful. This was not the case at all, the mussels were very tiny and had no flavor, the king crab was good but had no seasoning and was quite salty and pretty bland and the blue crab, well that was an adventure all in its own because when we finally got to the meat it wasnt worth it because there wasn't much to eat. To top it off we ate inside and somehow our food was surrounded by flies. I am not one to write reviews but if youre expecting anything close to hot and juicy or boiling crab like I was you're in for a disappointment.First they auto grat for 18% with a party of 5, 2 being children. They service was worth nothing. Would have totally given more but your service needs improvement and let me decide what your hospitality is worth.This is probably one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant in awhile. It's expensive, the fried oyster sandwich I ordered wasn't all that great and came on a very small bun, like one of those cheapo hamburger buns you'd get from the grocery store, and the service was by far some of the worst service I've ever received. Our waitress was scatter-brained, seemed uninterested to be working, and I caught her standing in the corner texting on her phone several times. She was excruciating slow and there weren't even a lot of other patrons there. If they were busy and the service was slow, I would understand. But there was no reason for the crappy slow service we received. She never came to ask us for refills on our drinks and we had to wait another 10 minutes for her to finally get around to taking our bill and running our credit card. She was unfriendly and it was just very obvious she didn't give a crap. I almost never leave bad tips because I understand servers receive most of their pay from tips, but I left a very small tip because she honestly didn't deserve a good one.I may be willing to give this place another shot, maybe order something else from the menu. But if that girl is our server again, I'm turning around and walking straight back out the door.This place was a waist of my $27.53 i had the crab legs they was dry and I had the rice was cold and I left hungry never again would I go backAbsolutely horrible service!  Visited on a Thursday night.  Server had no idea of their happy hour specials.  She was the only person (it seemed) to be working the floor.  She was cleaning tables in between bringing food orders out.  Waited and waited for her to come over

I went to the gardening section looking for a compost bin or a bin I could use to start making my own compost. I asked one of the associates and she said she didn't know. She told me to wait for another sales associate that was walking another customer to his car. We waited for about 5 minutes and then realized she hadn't told him I was waiting. So I found him another 5 minutes later organizing a shelf. I asked him and he walked me to what he had which was nice. He asked me why I wanted to compost and just told me to throw my food scraps in the backyard and see if something grew or to "clean my plate". I told him I was thinking of banana peels, orange peels etc, just food waste and he mentioned something about how he couldn't stand Californians.  He also told me that the first lady couldn't help me because I "probably couldn't understand her". She spoke English as her second language and spoke fine. Yikes, I told him I could understand her fine but she didn't know what compost was. As I was leaving the garden area I noticed this guy's picture was up as the "gardening expert". Wouldn't a gardening expert have some tips on composting for healthy soil?As we were checking out, without compost but with two large bags of soil ( did I mention I had my toddler with me), we waited in line for about 10 minutes. The checker in our line was trying to get help from a manager and couldn't get anyone to help her. I felt bad for her, finally a manager came and helped her out. When it was my turn, I asked her if I could get some help with the heavy bags of soil so I could put my toddler in the cart. She did not respond. She went to lift the bags and I asked her again if we could get some help since I was holding my toddler. She dropped the bag over the cart, tearing a huge hole and dirt started spilling all over my shoe and floor. I tried to give her a hand with my child and asked the checker next to us if he could help her lift the bag. She was an older woman. I told her I would need a new bag since the bag was torn and dirt was spilling everywhere. She said, "It's fine". I told her I still needed some help out and a new bag.  She got on the phone to call the gardening center to bring me a new bag. I asked the checker next to us for help and she called someone from the back to come help. He helped me get a new bag of soil, but put the bag that had torn open back on the shelf and walked me to my car. We were in Lowe's over an hour trying to get help. We meant to just stop in for some soil and composting tips before hitting the library, good grief what a nightmare.This Lowe's is like a gathering of useless people. I try to avoid it, but it's closer to my house than Home Depot. Regardless, it's worth the extra 10 min drive to Home Depot.

-Host staff was rude and quoted us a 30 min wait. After 35 min I politely asked our place on the list. 5 people ahead of us. Really? Also host staff were rude

and what's worse is the person who i thought was great wasn't even going to be trainer which i found out after my sign up-i did not want to work with any of the other trainers there (the men with the exception of the one that i had the first free session with ) they made me feel awkward and i never met any female trainers so i can't speak on them. ughhhhhhhh

- See their new Raul & Theresa's on Litchfield Road, just north of I-10Worst window cleaning ever. They did 3/4 of the windows of my home. Refused to come back and finish. They actually came before I had a chance to schedule the cleaning! So I was never home. Most windows were smeared and I hire another company to remove the film/cleaner left on the window.DO NOT use this place! Poor customer service. They actually don't deserve any stars!I love panera but this one is TERRIBLE. I am not one to actually send in a complaint but I have for this place!! The food was cold and gross, the workers were swearing across the restaurant, they never called my name so the food just sat until I had to go up there and ask, and then they were like Oh yeah it's just been sitting here! UH? And there breakfast is pretty good, so I've gone back a few times but they keep messing up my order!! So yeah I'm never going back!Okay so whoever said "fabulous" has not eaten out much. First all half the menu is only available on the weekend, which seemed to have much better items.  The food we did end up ordering came out one piece at a time leaving one member of our group without food until the end of the meal.  The food was bland and didn't not seem fresh so no one ate much.  The yuca bread was pretty damn good (if there is a silver lining).This is the worst place I've ever visited.  After a couple of visits that were ok (hey, it was cheap and near my work, so convenience won out over quality), I vowed I'd never go back.  Visit number three resulted in hair in the food, and moldy bread.  While I know occasionally these things happened, when this was pointed out to the waitress, she simply shrugged and handed us our bill.  So... if potentially bad sanitation and poor customer service are your cup of tea, check this place out.  If you want management that is harassing and threatening to it's customers, then Nefelie's deserves five stars.  But for a local establishment with actual positive qualities, I'll stick to one star.I'll continue to stand by my one-star rating... the owner of the restaurant has sent me threatening and derogatory emails, messages with fake Yelp accounts, and now a recent comment here.  One comment said something along the lines of "You don't know what I'm capable of", which is exactly why I will continue to warn others from "dining" at this establishment.  I think the lesson to be learned in all of this is that while sanitation issues can happen from time to time, the key is recognizing the problem, apologizing and making it right.  Instead, what Nefelie's has done is harass me and told me I am wrong.  This is definitely not the right way to do things as a human being or business owner!Nefelie's says it's Greek.  If that's the case, then there are much better options for good Greek in Charlotte (e.g. Greek Isles).Quite simply, the food is sub-par.  It was edible, but not even close to "good."The first thing a good Greek restaurant should be able to do well is a horiatiki salad.  We ordered this to start, and instead of nice large chunks of fresh tomato, cucumber, and red onion with fresh feta and good olive oil, you get: diced cucumber, flavorless diced tomato, diced white onion, feta chunks that were clearly not the freshest, and some kind of sickly-sweet vinaigrette. Having lived in Athens and eaten very good horiatiki (including Greek Isles), this was the worst take on this dish I've ever had.Next I had a chicken wrap pita (their version of a chicken souvlaki pita).  This was made with the same low quality vegetables, but with the driest chicken imaginable.  The flavor wasn't terrible, but I only ate this because I was very hungry. The saving grace was the fries, which were hot and crispy and pretty good (though I think there is a good chance they started frozen because they had a similar crispy coating as the fries that Burger King came out with in the 90's when they "upgraded" their fry recipe).  My partner had a fried fish sandwich with slaw and hush puppies, which was ok but overly greasy).  All of these elements tasted ok, but nothing really noteworthy.Nefelie's is a bar, not really a restaurant.  At one point a REALLY drunk guy (not sure if he is affiliated with the place, but he did seem to know the bartender/only waitress by name) stumbled through the door, and spilled whatever he had in his hand all over the floor.  He then stumbled to the bar and knocked over a glass of beer, breaking the glass in the process.  2 obnoxious spills in less than 1 minute.  Loud cursing ensued, and pleas to the bartender for a rag and mop. If he's affiliated with the place, he's a disgrace and should be kept out of sight of customers.For food alone this was 2 stars (again, it was edible at least), but atmosphere bumped it down to a 1.  The bartender/waitress was trying her best and was friendly, but this place is kind of a mess.  We won't be back.You want some food with your salt?This place is hidden, cozy atmosphere, really polite staff, but ultimately we go for the food, right? I tried the beef/lamb gyro 2x. The meat was tasty, but overloaded on the salt. The sides were also very salty.I feel like I gave it 2 shots and that was my limit because the salt was on overload.Wouldn't go again.This place is probably the worst Greek place I've ever eaten. The good was cold, the ingredients were clearly cheap and un flavorful and  the wait staff was rude and unfriendly.  There are so many better places in charlotte.  Don't waste your money--avoid Nefellies.I came here for lunch on a Friday & the place was pretty busy. Smelled amazing when I first walked in, and I was excited to eat! The wonton soup arrived; different broth flavour than I was expecting, and it had mushrooms, fried wontons and noodles in it... Unusual, not great, but edible. Then the harumaki arrived and reeked so strongly of fish that I didn't even want to put the plate in front of me! I cut off a piece, tried it with the sauce on the plate, and had to wash it down with water so i wouldn't gag. Revolting.The main course was the General Tao. What a disaster. Large pieces of baked chicken just positively drowning in sauce. This was not general tao. The sauce wasn't flavoured well, wasn't sticky, the chicken wasn't what you'd expect (smaller, fried pieces of chicken)... There was so much sauce, I don't know if they were trying to make their enormous plates look full? (these plates are the size of 2 dinner plates). We skipped the tea cause we figured they'd probably do that horribly too.I think people are giving this place good reviews simply cause it's a BYOW! I can't understand what else would be pleasant about this place otherwise.Never going back!This branch doesn't exist anywhere but the Chase branch locator. It's not on Gowalla, it's not on Foursquare, it wasn't in my Yellow Pages, and it wasn't even on Yelp until I added it to write this review.Having banked at this location, I'm fairly certain of the reason: This is not a bank, but rather a thin façade over a Hellmouth.The tellers are rude and have no damned idea what they're talking about, the bankers are useless frat bros in ill-fitting suits with only a tiny bit more product knowledge, and everyone's hell-bent on selling you whatever the overlords at JPMorganChase are demanding they stuff down everyone's throats this week.I am not Beetlejuice or Bloody Mary. Asking me a fifth time if I'm sure I don't want a credit card, loan, or line of credit is not going to magically make me say yes. I don't want to make a deposit at your desk where you just happen to have credit applications and pens. I don't want a loan, ma'am, just a deposit slip.They don't know how to handle money properly they lost 173 dollars of my money sending a check to a bill pay .go to Wells Fargo because chase employees are all idiotsBusiness is closed down. Never had anyone in it and it smelled. I'm surprised they lasted this long really. It was always strange looking inside to see a dead ghost town. I hated that smell so bad. Now I don't have to walk on the  other side of the street.We had just moved to the area, and decided to go for dinner at the closest sit down restaurant to us.  Which just happened to be the Olive Garden.  Our server gave us "fly by" service.  Never actually stopping at the table.  She spoke to us as she walked by.  The busser actually had to fill our drinks and bring out our food.  Which left me wondering how she actually deserved the tip?!  I ordered a gorgonzola pasta which was edible, but I'm beginning to think their all you can eat soup and salad is the only thing on the menu worth ordering.  Worst part of the whole trip, was my son got violently ill right as we were leaving.  I think they served him spoiled milk!   The expiration date on the bottle had not passed, but who knows if they were properly chilling the milk, or if it had been left out all day.  We paid for our so-so meal and took our vomiting child home and have not returned.It has been at least five years since I've been to an Olive Garden so I can't say if it was this one in particular, or if they are all this terrible. We only went because we had a gift card that had been given to us as a gift. The food was absolutely terrible. I had the lemon chicken breast and I tasted like salmon. They had probably just cooked some fish and then threw my chicken on the grill right afterwords. My wife had a pizza, and it was completely doughy. Also, our soda was almost pure syrup. It will be at least another 5 years before we go to an Olive Garden again.It is my suggestion that you don't make a to go order.  I never got A receipt (what restaurant doesn't give you a receipt?) and I didn't get all of the items I ordered. When I called I was placed on hold for 5 minutes, someone came back and I had to start from beginning. So I asked to talk to a manager. Which may I say did not seemed genuinely concerned. I told him what happened, mind you I live 20mins from the restaurant and he said oh I'm sorry and 20 minutes is to far from you? Yes, it's 10:20 at night! I'm frustrated over the whole thing at this point! Uggggh. I was upset I have friends that live close that say great things and I had a bad experience!Where do I begin....It took a few minutes for us to get a server, no big deal, and once she arrived we were completely ready to go. We frequent Olive Garden so our decision making is very minimal. Once she got there we placed our drink and food order. Normally drinks come out right away, but not this time. We first received our salad before our drinks even came out. I had to request that we get our drinks as well as some croutons for our salad, for there were none in the bowl. The bowl barley had any salad in it and no cheese was offered to top the salad. Even if we did receive cheese and croutons I am unsure it would have masked the taste of the warm and wilty lettuce that filled the smallest portion of the bowl. She came back with our drinks and whole salad instead of just croutons, this lettuce was just as bad and still no cheese was offered. Once we finally got our drinks I noticed I had lemon in my ice tea, it happens often but still it was one more thing that was wrong. We ordered lunch portions of the chicken Alfredo, not for the price but for the actual size. The meals came out and looked larger than the lunch but smaller then the dinner so I couldn't quite tell what we received. Not that this is a big deal but I feel it is worth mentioning just because of everything else, normally the pasta comes with a soup spoon to help scoop your noodles, I had to ask for the spoon but it took so long I just gave up and started eating before my food got cold. Luckily the food was delicious, and that is the only reason that I am even rating one star. As expected in this terrible experience getting a drink refill was a nightmare. We were refilled once after our dinners were already gone, and the drinks had been empty since the end of the salad.I went ahead and had my credit card prepared for her to come and drop off our check so I could speed up the process..... It didn't. I tried handing her my card and she said she would be right back, she wasn't. I finally stopped another server and asked them to ring it in, I handed them my card and they said they would take care of it. We waited forever and our server finally came back, empty handed, asking if we need anything else. I responded with "my card would be great so we can go." After trying to find it we finally got it back so we could leave. Of course when I finally saw the bill for the first time, after my card had already been run because I was becoming so impatient, I then noticed they charged us for the dinner portions of the Alfredo. I guess it was the dinner after all.... I signed it got up and left, I was not about to wait even longer for them to figure out how to adjust my bill and adjust the charge already made to my card. My own fault for paying before looking I suppose. The table next to us was having many problems as well, they had to keep pulling her over and asking for different things, but I will let them yelp about their own experience.Hands down the worst experience at an Olive Garden I have ever had. Ever worse then the time they spilled and entire glass of water on me.Was just on hold for 20 minutes and then hung up on...I realize that you are busy but c'mon man!The 1 star is for the breadsticks. The food is frozen, may as well get a box from the frozen food section at Walmart. The service is awful.  I ordered the Garlic Rosemary Chicken, they were out of mashed potatoes which the waitress didn't inform us until the food was already brought out and substituted with chunk potatoes. Then she proceeded to ask me what I wanted to do if I wanted to reorder something else. As we were finishing up the meal she comes over with a cup of mashed potatoes and says well you can have these now and rudely reminded me that it wasn't her fault. I guess she thought it was mine. The manager came over and proceeded to tell us that she was waiting for the truck to bring the potatoes..... I think that about sums up the quality of the food. Even the chunk potatoes and chicken was subpar at best. Will never dine there again.I used to love Olive Garden but over the years the quality of the food has gone from fresh to frozen. I can't enjoy it anymore. Our breadsticks had this weird chewy texture like they'd been microwaved and contained a strange bitter aftertaste. The salad was good and my Zuppa Toscana was nice (although I learned how to make better making theirs just.. meh.), but the food itself was lacking greatly in flavor. What stood out to me the most was my dad's calzone which was dry. I can honestly say I made better ones in my high school culinary arts class. I feel bad writing this because I truly did love this place but now I dislike it a lot. Olive Garden isn't what it used to be, and they charge way too much for mediocre frozen meals. I'd just look up an authentic Italian food restaurant on Yelp and try that instead.I recently visited this location with my husband and mother for dinner. We were served one salad which was basically the left over salads from other patrons... we know this because the croutons were soggy and at the bottom, and one of the peppers had been bitten.The servers were rude, when we asked for another salad we never received any. When our plates arrived,  the food was cold.The girls at the door (hostess table) kept glaring at us and making faces. This was the worst dining experience we have ever encountered.  We will NEVER return to Olive Garden due to the behavior of the staff!My husband ended up getting food poisoning!!This place is a joke... I swear they buy a whole bunch of Stouffers entrées open the box and throw them in the microwave and then serve you. I'm so tired of hearing people say their soup salad and breadsticks are good, the breadsticks are not the same as from years ago. The soup again something frozen that they defrost and serve you. This place is for people who have never eaten a real Italian meal, this place is the absolute worst. Carabbas blows this place away for a chain Italian restaurant. The only thing worth eating is the salad.We ordered a To-Go meal: Where do I start: first- they didn't give us breadsticks! How do you forget the breadsticks in an Olive Garden dinner? They are the staple.But more importantly was the service and the quality of the food. Let's start with the service: I placed our order online. I ordered the Chicken Marsala but I hate the seasoned potatoes that comes with it, the flavor of the shriveled potatoes with the Marsala sauce is not a good combination in my opinion. I would prefer to swap them out with some pasta, but I didn't have that option. I had the option of switching it out for Mashed potatoes & broccoli. Fine, not my preference but still better than the repulsive cubed potatoes. I was surprised to see that the total for my 2 main dishes and 1 kids meal was over $40, but I was hopeful. I sent my daughter to pick up our meal. When she got there she was told "um, your meal doesn't come with mashed potatoes and we are out of broccoli - so I don't know what you're going to do about that." Apparently no one in the kitchen is capable of swapping out the potatoes. Please note that she was told this as she was being handed the bag to leave. We didn't get a call or any warning. Now onto the quality of the food: like I had mentioned earlier, I had ordered the chicken Marsala. I was disgusted by the Marsala "jelly" that was slopped on my chicken "patty" and smushed into my seasoned potatoes (that I tried to not have mix in with my meal). The chicken breasts were rubbery and tasted like it might be able to double as a nugget somewhere else. In all honesty, it tasted very similar to the chicken Marsala weight watchers frozen dinner. Except that one would have only cost me $3.00.It had been a while since I had been to an Olive Garden because I felt that the menu got really boring a few years ago (remember those cheese filled crepe's that were folded into little squares and then sautéed and served with chicken tenders- those were heaven! After those left the menu so did everything else that was appealing) but my daughter wanted some Italian so I obliged her request. Never again. Thankfully they are not the only option.They only reason I'm giving one star is because my server was great but the food not so much I ordered the tour of Italy and the lasagna was gross the cheese  on the top was burned and it was cold they sauce made it warm they replaced it with spaghetti but I was disappointed when I still payed as if I ate the lasagna which I didn't. The manager should have made it right who charges someone for food they didn't like or eat so yea one star. Also I payed sliding my card at the table and never received a receipt when the machine said now printingThis Place gets one star and that's because of the music. I have friend's in town for the weekend and we wanted to find something different in Vegas, maybe a new best kept secret. Unfortunately we were wrong...1. Besides down town being not the most friendliest and most welcoming place to be late at night we had to dodge the crazies and the unfortunate to get to this place.2. The cashier was actually trying to charge us 10 dollars a person even if your local or not for a place that has NO FOLLOWING and is literally located in a parking garage!! Are you kidding me?!3. After she seen we wasn't having it and ready to leave "magically" drops the price claiming there is over 100+ people inside and that the drinks are good priced having $3 shots and the bartender will take care of us.4. When we go in, maybe there's 30+ people in there 95% are shady looking men who look like a pack of hungry dogs who are fight over the same piece of dirty meat.5. When we get to the bar feeling well at least the drinks are farely priced we order a 1 shot of ketal and my friend had a cranberry and goose with a total of  24 dollars!! Where are we at , the Cosmopolitan?!!! Why is this garage parking lot club charging $24 for watered down drinks? My friends drink I don't think even had any liquor in it! On top of that when I brought it to the bartender's attention what was told to us at the front he actually chuckled and said it's only the tequila that is $3.  Of which he was Very RUDE and went on to talk about us to his fellow employees pointing and laughing! Where is customer service, not here!! What kind of establishment is this?? Conclusion: If this place wants to survive in this city and in this economy needs to work on their CUSTOMER SERVICE! If you want word of mouth to to get out about your business TAKE CARE OF YOUR GUEST so they will return!Absolutely awful.  Just finished a fantastic dinner across the street and were looking for a nightcap.  Waited in line for 10 min to check our coats only to learn that our American money was 'of no value to them'.  We were looking to hang out, have a bunch of drinks, and spend our hard-earned cash.  Epitome of arrogance and racism.Americans or other out-of-towners, avoid this place at all costs.  They are unwelcoming and unfriendly.Update vom 16.01.2011:

Separate checks are too much work, so we split the table 8 waysI have to stop, the more I go the higher my blood pressure gets. It was really awful that day, I wish I had just gone to Five Guys and been done with it (I ended up going later). Get your shit together. Oh and I still tipped the waitress, most of that stuff was the kitchen. Should always tip cause they don't really get paid by the restaurant.It's always iffy regarding the daily delivery of the paper.  The circulation and delivery staff are inept and incompetent.  When you try to speak with staff regarding this problem, the publisher hides behind a Philippines phone service who lie to you that a supervisor will call you back.  That never happens.  I spoke to my delivery person who gave me the name and number of her supervisor in Charlotte, a Miss D.  The D must stand for Don't Deliver, Don't Call back and DUH, because I have left messages for her more than 10 times and NEVER received a call back.  The only time they call you is when they want money.  I am also told by my delivery person that because I live on the east side of town, the publisher doesn't really care about what we think or providing a decent service.  I am calling for the resignation or firing of the Circulation Manager who allows this third world behavior to happen.  The publisher, Ann Caulkins, thinks this is the Philippines and conducts business that way.  You're a local paper missy, deal with us as locals.Just another liberal bias rag.   It's only redeeming use, is for lining bird cages and starting fires.There should be a special place in Hell for those that profit off of others misery.

DARIN FISHER

The selections are bizzare (pomegranate basil??) and the "sticks" are useless if no one tells you what they are and misleading. The final result was disappointing and tasted awful.

I get up there and he seems busy and not friendly , I ask for a beer and glass of water and it points to the case and says which one and I ask could I just have tap water and he frowns.

breed that dog. He said "We don't guarantee that you can show or breed our

I walked in on a wednesday evening at 7pm. It took 15 minutes to get a table for 5. Place was busy..... Now problem here. I undrestand. There were people ahead of me in line when I got there.

-We were told that the bouquet would be done in 3-4 weeks. When we went to get the flowers 4 weeks after the wedding we were told that they weren't done because we hadn't picked a frame. We had in fact picked a frame but hadn't been quoted a price to be able to pay for it.

These employees obviously have no desire to work. Hoping you don't call in an order.It is really sad that a place that has such good food has such horrible service. I hope the owner of Wingstop in the Santa Fe reads this...... we would love to be regular customers! Your employees make us want to never come back!This location is absolutely horrible. The screwed up our phone in order on several parts. The people there showed very little interest in customer service. Hell, I tried to keep an appetite as the large woman working the register had her boob out. This was the first and last time we come to this location. We will start going to the Craig location again.

There are better places here in the valley that serve delicious Mexican food for the same price.I have eaten here many times before.THE FOOD IS GREAT!!!!! I have heard many things about having a bug in your rice bowl. I did not believe it.But one day I got a rice bowl and I found a bug in it. Now I no longer will eat Chipotle!I routinely pass by this location to dine at Smashburger next door.  The service at this location is not up to par.  Their managers may listen to you but do not correct their staff's behavior.  I'd recommend going to neighboring businesses before giving your time and money to this Chipotle.They get 1 star, because I can't give negatives. Honestly, I am a huge chipotle fan, and they usually never disappoint. I went recently on a Tuesday night, at around 9:30.  The line was pretty much out the door despite the near closing time. I wanted a steak burrito bowl, and there was no steak. Hungry and impatient, I agreed to wait for more meat. After waiting about 10 minutes, I finally got steak. I asked for pico de gallo, cheese, sour cream, and corn, and the associate was "selectively listening" and decided to not give me any of that. I asked for more and she just have me a dirty look. When I finally sat down to eat the bowl, the rice was hard as heck! I literally was eating day old rice and before I could complain, we were getting kicked out because they were closing. Chipotle.... You have failed meWe always order from them from work and they manage to always mess up our orders they forget to put stuff in and the chicken is supper rough and has way to much fat in  it, the sauce is way watery. I will never go to this chipotle againTerrible. We have been going to this location at least 1-2 times per month since they first opened and the service and quality have radically declined. Perhaps the management has changed or their training standards have faltered. Our order, that was completed online, was not even close to being ready at the time requested. Our food was cold and the taco shells were terribly soggy. The fruit that accompanied the children's taco kit was two whole oranges, one half rotten and the other covered in what appears to be pesticide...poor standards to even say the least. What happened Chipotle? Please return to the awesomeness you once were...I would not even give this store one star but this site makes me do it. We ordered pizza at 7 pm it arrived at 748pm . The driver explained he bought our pop at Fry's because the store was out. KUDOS TO HIM!!!! HOWEVER the girl Elaina, not sure if thats her name she doesnt speak clearly... took our order 4 times. And still didnt get it right. She is a liar. And I will further elaborate but I wanted to express we are surprised the driver made it. We repeated the address 5 times and the phone number 6 times. She was short with me on the phone. We expressed the only reason we order from your store is for the cheese sauce. Which should be in the notes next to my name. THIS LIAR SAID SHE EVEN WROTE IT ON THE BOX AND BLAMED HER MISTAKE ON THE DRIVER ..... THE ONLY THING ON THE BOX IS A SMILIE FACE. AND IF I COULD INSTAGRAM THAT ON THIS SITE I WOULD TO FURTHER EMBARRASSE HER AND THE STORE. The driver did his job. She failed him by not doing her job. She exercised very poor communication skills. She spoke like we were some dam kid on the phone her only response was "I dont know; Ugh I. Just don't. Know".... I. Know how bout you place us on hold and find out! WE know it was a waste of our time but we called back to find out where the cheese sauce was and we knew after she gave us the run around the drive would have NO CLUE we're suppose to get some. So she needs fired or retrained if you think she is worth the investment. It is now 909pm and still no cheese sauce. Thats awful!Man, I've really gotta say that Papa Johns has gone downhill. My once favorite pizza place has hit rock bottom. Ordered a couple of pizzas the other day only to get home and find that my pizza hardly had any sauce and barely any cheese. It was basically bread pizza. What a pathetic excuse for pizza. Sad times. Won't return.Some of the employees at this location are of questionable character, to say the least. Depending on who is working at the time you order your pizza will likely play a large part in your experience. We have never had pizza delivered from here so my assessment does not even include any problems you may incur from delivery. If you like to gamble when you order food, and don't mind being lied to, then by all means, give this Papa John's Pizza a try.I have had problems with this location many times. Slow service, Burt or expired pizzas, ect. But I continue to come because, well, its cheap and sometimes delicious. But what I experienced today was AWEFUL. My pizza was fine, but the young man working (and I do believe the black collard shirt he was wearing indicated he was a manager) was not only rude, but CLEARLY intoxicated. I could smell the alcoholon his breath over the usual aroma of pizza. He was stumbling, he looked ill, it was truely disturbing . This boy shouldn't even be working, non the less directing and managing the other employees. If he's still here next time I come in, I WILL NOT be coming back. This is rediculous.Stopped here for a lunch combo today (Saturday 1pm)  and was told they didn't have the lunch combo today. No reason was given for not serving the combo today. Posters all over the store state Lunch Combo - pizza plus drink for $5 EVERY day between 11 am and 2 pm. Tried to then get a pretzel crust pizza - they didn't have that either. I went home and made myself a sandwich!Do not come here. Terrible experiences all the time. Hot-and-ready my ass. The only thing that seems to be ready here is the soda in the cooler or the ranch dressing. Seriously, everything on the menu that says hot-and-ready has NEVER been available except the generic 5 dollar pizzas (on occasion).Final nail in the coffin came tonight. Was told that I would need to wait 10 minutes. Fine. An employee after 20-25 minutes asked me what I was waiting for. When I let them know they informed me that they gave it away to another customer. Fine. I was told it would come out in about 10 minutes.  Brought the pie home and after biting into it...raw dough. Fuck. Put it in the oven when we got home and gave up on the experiment. The rest will go in the garbage and be transported to a landfill. I would assume the one out in Gilbert.Called up the store to tell them the situation and spoke with a manager. Informed him of the raw state of the dough. He did offer to remake the pizza for me, but I wasn't driving back. I had already spent 45 minutes waiting for an under cooked pizza, imagine how long it would take for a finished one.Being in the spirit of Christmas, we rewrote a Christmas song for this store, as sadly I can no longer endure our relationship together seeing as you no longer care about my feelings.  I am only out 8 bucks for the experience, so life will go on. It will not go on with this locations food for me. Sung to the tune of "I'll be home for Christmas"  Cue the band...I'll be home with pizza

Let's begin on Thursday, they had told the bride that we could come in whenever on Thursday to set up our own decor, that all of the tables and silverware would be set up, then we could go and have the rehearsal that evening. We got there at 5 pm. The bride immediately told the gentlemen that were setting up tables that the room itself was supposed to be bigger. It was one of those rooms with the collapsible walls, and only one half of the room was open. He basically told her that he just works there and that he would go get the person in charge. While we were waiting for the "person in charge" we also noticed that there were supposed to be 8 tables of 8 and there were only 5 tables of 8, also the wedding party's head table was supposed to be 14 and there were 20 chairs. Then we noticed that there was no cake table, gift table, or sign in table set up. Then the bride started asking the "person in charge" why everything was incorrectly set up and why is it just now getting done when she was told it should have been ready in the MORNING of that day, this "person in charge" basically started the blame game. That everyone else is new there except her and the notes she was given were wrong and blah blah excuse after excuse. There was not a SINGLE apology or comment that they were going to FIX any of the issues. A little later the "person in charge" came up to the bride and told her that they will make it perfect for her and that for the inconvenience they would throw in white chair covers and black bows for free. The bride was happy with that and we decided to go and do the rehearsal and come back for the rest of the table decorations once the tables were set up. That is about when Nora got there. Now, I had heard from the bride that there had been multiple people that she had worked with at the venue since they booked the wedding there so I was trying to give the benefit of the doubt to this Nora. She was very nice and said that she would walk us to where the ceremony area was and that if anyone needed a ride she would have a golf cart bring them. While we were walking to the ceremony area, we passed the area that the cocktail hour was to be and we noticed that there were two beautiful fountains and a series of lights, the bride confirmed that the day of the wedding those would all be turned on and Nora said yes. Then we went back into the rehearsal hall. The only real thing that they got done was open the room, expand the dance floor and add the tables. We had to remove the extra chairs from the head table and also had to continuously tell the "person in charge" that half of the mirror chargers on the center of the tables were chipped and we kept noticing that they were just putting those on DIFFERENT tables when we asked for not chipped ones. Since none of the "free chair covers or bows" were set up yet, we decided that we would just go ahead and go to our rehearsal dinner activity, that we were already behind schedule for, and finish decorating in the morning. When we left the bride confirmed that the bridal suite that we were getting ready in would be ready at 6 AM and Nora confirmed that and that the groomsman all had golf booked for the morning at 7ish. ALL confirmed by Nora. Fast forward to the next day, the day of the wedding. One of the bridesmaids arrived before us and went to check into the room. They asked her what room number she is in and could not check her in. They basically told her that there was not a room ready. That was when she called the bride, the bride then called Nora and it went to voicemail. She tried a couple more times all going to voicemail. Our first bridesmaid did end up getting a room and once we got there it was fine. Then we checked on the reception hall. Well, all of the tables were set up and the room looked overall fine. However, the "free chair covers and bows" looked AWFUL they were SUPER wrinkled and only maybe 6 chairs had the bows. Also, we brought our own candles for the centerpieces but they were supposed to provide oil candles for the head table and the sign in table. Those were no where to be found. Then back at the bridal suite, we were all starting to get ready and the bride gets a phone call from the groom saying that the golf was not booked. That they could not get on the green until 10 AM. Now the wedding started at 3:45 PM. That was when the bride called Nora again and it again went to voicemail.The Groom had to put his foot down and basically figure out the golf situation by himself due to the lack of response from Nora. I have to cut this off but DO NOT USE THIS PLACE!!Worst experience I have had, not only is this place out dated, run down and expensive. There is a charge for everything, we arrived for a weekend, two cars, 3 rooms, we booked through hotels. Com and because we did they charged us for 3 parking spaces, when I told them we only have 2 cars they changed it and said resort fee, no continental breakfast, we were told if we booked direct we would have had the breakfast, other wise it would cost an additional  $11.95,  In the room a coffee machine, but only coffee for one, plus we had paid extra for 3 in one room, and only 2 towels and 2 cups for the coffee, hair dryer didn't work. Avoid this place.This place was probably the place to stay in the 70's when it first opened (or from whatever decade this outdated furniture is from). From its beautiful scenery you would not be able to tell any  different. When you first walk in, you get a musty smell, like your great great grandmothers house. (Which makes sense, because there all old people staying here). You set your bags down, and look around at the furniture, but try not to judge. Then you go to turn on the lamp above the sink and it flickers for 5 seconds before it actually turns on (really)? There is dust all around the room. My coworker said he found two huge mosquitos in his room. I went to the restaurant two separate times: the first time just stood there awkwardly in a completely empty dining room for a few minutes waiting for someone, ANYONE, to appear. Second time came around breakfast time, stood there for a few minutes and still was not greeted so I left for the second time and spent my money elsewhere. I could go on. I expected much more out of a privately owned "Golf Resort."Terrible! Dirty, bad food restaurant messed up my order ... Twice. no water pressure in the shower. Had to continuously fix the toilet from running. Phone in the room was pulled out of the wall. People were nice though. I'll never stay there again.Pls see below. Just edited instead of updated. I really believe this place needs some attention. The owner flies in and out and I wonder how much he actually knows. I wish things would have been different but they weren't. Pls read my review below for details on my bad experience. ThanksIf you are looking for an unkept, worn out, tired motel 6 experience this place is for you!

My car is only 2 year old, never had any problem before with Shell gas.

Surf and Turf Tacos - I thought for sure the surf and turf tacos would be delicious....how couldn't they be??  They weren't.  The flavor of the steak and lobster was good but the tacos were dry and flavorless. I had to ask for a side of chipolte crema to make the dinner edible.  (I couldn't waste it considering I spend $24 on it) For dinner, I was with 5 other people.   Everyone thought their meal was just ok.  If you're in the mood for mexican food, go to Cantina.......or even Qdoba or Chipotle.  They don't validate parking either, in case you're wondering.Wow I can not believe the POOR service I received from John. This place is not worth your time it looks nice from the outside but that's it. If you want to pay for over priced Mexican than waste your money here if not go somewhere that is worth it.I've had YELP for a very long time and I've never written a review. However, my experience was so horrible that I had to write my first one. I want to make sure nobody comes here and wastes their money. The only thing good about this place is their location and their patio. The food runs anywhere from $9-13 for three tacos and two measly sides. The night was very nice, so we decided to check out VIDA and sit on the patio. The busy intersection is nice and excellent back drop. We placed our orders and thought the food would be excellent, especially at prices of $9-13 for tacos. Well the fish tacos had fried fish that seems like something from a cafeteria, and the steak tacos had two very small pieces of steak and was extremely greasy. I literally felt like I was robbed. DO NOT waste your money here. Only go here for the Monday night drink specials. Tacobell's food A+ compared to VIDA.Our waitress was pleasant and attentive, and the decor is nice, but the food is TERRIBLE.  The guacamole is fine, but the  tomatoes seem to have been bought prechopped in giant bags  from a mega food service company.  I ordered the mushroom enchiladas which has NO chile sauce and seemed as if they had been warmed in a microwave.  They were dry and flavorless and the mushrooms were room temperature, as if they had been cooked the day before and reheated.  The "papaya-pineapple coleslaw"  had no papaya and no dressing -- just dry cabbage with some shredded cilantro, a few cubes of jicama that tasted like the back of the fridge, and some sad pineapple.   My daughter, who is six, methodically picked the chicken off of her taco because it was so tough and dry that she couldn't eat it.  My husband got a vegetarian entree with black beans which was underseasoned and flavorless and which featured mostly those dreaded , bland, pre-diced tomatoes.  Had we not been the guest of a friend and on a tight schedule I would have sent most of our food back.  Don't waste your money here.  I've eaten in many upscale Mexican restaurants as well as in numerous little family run places in Mexico.  This food is not Mexican, and it's barely edible.Horrible greeting, horrible wait staff.  Arrived for dinner, informed 15 minutes wait.  Was told if space was available in the bar, we could take it.  After 20 minutes a bar table opened, we were promptly informed that the table was about to be used for someone else and they DEMANDED that we leave the table.  As we were leaving the table, the hostess shouted to my husband you should make a reservation next time.  With her bad attitude we took our business down the street to Blue.  The food at BLUE was amazing and I would recommend Mitchell as your server.Fairly terrible is how I would characterize this poor excuse of a Mexican restaurant. To be honest I hate texmex, so I guess this restaurant started off with a disadvantage. But when the food is bad, it is bad. The chicken quesadilla was bland and soggy and the corn sides were equally disappointing. The Caesar salad was subpar. The only redeeming dish was the crab nachos. It was loaded with cheese, tomatoes and crab; however, the dish still was not that great. Worst of all were the prices that the restaurant demands for the food. Sad times for Mexican food.Vida is total garbage, and the price on this Yelp page is wrong. It's easily a $$$ restaurant.Vida is the kid who's trying desperately to be cool but isn't wiling to put forward even the most basic of efforts. The biggest issue I have with Vida is the pricing, which to me is absolutely arrogant considering the quality of the food. The cheapest way to eat at Vida is to get a $10 lunch special This will get you two of their super-thin quesadillas or 2 tacos, with a side of bland black beans and even blander rice. If you're not at lunch tough: their cheapest burrito that can't even hold a candle to Chipotle is $12 minimum. Anything else and you're looking at $15 +. Their excuse for a margarita is maybe a single shot of bottom shelf tequila in a tiny little 10 oz plastic cup. Their queso is good, but when the kitchen doesn't even bother microwaving it for you beforehand what's the point? Oh, and it's $7.Whenever I've eaten at Vida I realize that the food tastes about as good as a place where I'd say "I want combination A3" instead of the pretentious titles the menu seems to use in order to suggest nonexistent quality. The only difference is I'm paying an extra 40% for their premium spot in the epicenter.If you're on the fence about Vida, do one thing for me. Before walking in, go past the sign on the walkway towards the train and take a look at the kitchen entrance. Notice how it's regularly black from kitchen grease. Take a deep breath to inhale the stale, rotten smell and examine the trash they hide behind the sign. It's disgusting.Vida is a fourth-rate hole in the wall that blew too much money on a graphic designer and gives exactly nothing about the quality of their food. There are easily half a dozen places inside the epicenter that are an order of magnitude better. Don't waste your time.Simply put, this was my worst dining experience in Charlotte to date. We had friends in town and wanted to take them somewhere fun uptown. Needless to say we were disappointed in our choice, and will never go back. The food was subpar. Guacamole had no flavor at all. So bad we felt the need to send it back. Sangria was so-so at best (and way overpriced- pay attention to the less visible writing on the signs, a pitcher is NOT $20 if you're not there on Thursday. Dinner was filling, or maybe I just lost my appetite.

4. The pool table is devoid of basic pool etiquette

Then, we looked at our bank statements and saw the ATM did charge us.  ALOT.  For $200 they charged us $20.  (It turned out to be 10%).  I wouldn't have been so pissed off, if maybe someone had told us that's how much the charge was.  This wasn't a case of I was drunk and don't remember how much I spent.  I was dead sober- hadn't had a drink yet- when I took out that money, and the service was so bad, I only managed to get the two-drink minimum by the time we left.

Park Place used to be my favorite breakfast spot on the weekends...seriously, sometimes we'd go both Saturday and Sunday! But never again!My mom and I went this morning and were treated so incredibly rudely and so unbelievably disrespectfully by the owner in front of all employees and half the restaurant that I will never again visit!

Con: The change of sheets we got have HOLES IN THEM!!!Pro: Even tho my stupid computer can't hold their wireless signal, there is a wire for me to connect to.

I had to call their accounts payable department to get the $79 refunded.I asked to have the resort fee refunded as well but was told to talk to the front desk supervisor.i spoke with a woman that was not the supervisor and she wouldn't transfer me.I explained that the two amex charges I was charged equaled teh two charges they charged me.She explained in different words teh same thing - they can't refund a resort fee.She then explained that the $79 wasn't an additional room charge but rather an error.She didn't indicate what the error was.Really, they just randomly charge extra charges and hope you catch it?

This place was filled to the brim full of hipsters.It was literally like we ate at a soup kitchen. Waited in a long line for a bowl of soup. No waiter/waitress. Everyone was drunk and looked homeless. And still very hungry after eating just a bowl of soup. There is one difference from a soup kitchen-It costs about $25 a person.My foodies group tried to make a reservation here for 12 and we were told that for any more that 8 people, we had to pay a $4000 "room rental" fee, that did include "catered" food but still outrageous.  That would amount to $334 per person with no choice as to what individuals wanted to order.  This restaurant is not good enough to warrant $334 per person.  Ridiculous pretentious attitudes, which seems consistent with some of the other reviews here.  I will not be going here.You have got to be kidding.  What a joke.  The emperor has no clothes.  Don't waste your money.  The scallops were acceptable.  The "biscuit" was not even a mouthful.  The chocolate dessert was a flavorless blob. People of Pittsburgh, do yourself a favor, boycott this place and shut it down.My wife ordered the scallops and they were part raw.  We told the waitress and they refired the same ones and cooked them to a crisp.  The woman sitting next to us got a vegan entree and it had cheese in it.  The waitress was rude.  The seating is extremely uncomfortable.I'm really amazed that this place is getting such great reviews. It is TERRIBLE. The food is bland and overly priced. The amount of pretention in the air from the staff is unbelievable. The service is poor, wait times even with reservations are not acceptable. I guess when people don't know what a good meal is, they just jump on the band wagon when one person somewhere talks about a 'cool, hip place'I hadn't been to Salt for about a year. Maybe we visited on am off night, or maybe this was indicative of how Salt is now, I don't know. But, put simply, the four dishes we ordered (two starters, two mains) verged on inedible. I want give details, because, frankly I'd rather not relive this unfortunate culinary experience. The flavor combinations were really quite off, and even simple things like a piece of braised beef tasted either bland or just not appetizing. This is still a pretty hot restaurant for Pittsburgh, and has a well-earned and deserved reputation. Maybe it was an off night. But that's not a good excuse for a $140 dinner for two. This is an expensive place for Pittsburgh and it just didn't live up to its reputation. Unfortunately it will take a lot to get us to go back to Salt. To some diners it might still seem cool, inventive, and exciting cuisine, but I disagree.There are too many other great, worthwhile dining options in Pittsburgh now. If you want innovative, higher end cuisine try Butcher and the Rye, Bar Marco (and its basement wine room tasting menu experience), Cure, Spoon, and many other fine restaurants. Salt needs to up its game to be on par with the newer top restaurants of Pittsburgh.Walking out of the restaurant, I am still in disbelief at what major disappointment NaCl  was. Having heard rave reviews about the restaurant, I have wanted to try it ever since I moved to Pittsburgh.... I guess that is probably the reason I find it harder to digest how bad the food was. I kept hoping that the next course would be better... ALAS that was not to be. The place has a wonderful decor with community style seating and dim lighting. However reading off a chalk board is not my idea of upscale dining. The poor quality of the handwriting, with items erased & rewritten over,made reading that much harder. Though I was informed promptly by the waitress when I asked about a paper menu that I could look up the restaurant's menu on my smart phone or I could walk up to the chalk board to see better. ( WHAT????)For a Friday night it wasn't that crowded which was wonderful. I don't think I would be particularly fond of having some stranger sit extremely close to me & have to talk over their conversation to be heard by my dinner companion. We started off our dinner with cocktails. I had the sparkling negroni containing moscato wine, which was strictly ok. It started off sweet but left a bitter taste at the end. The hubby got the rum cocktail which was nothing to right home about. For starters we got the beef tartar & the sashimi. I think the sashimi was probably a little more flavorful than the tartar which didn't have too much flavor wise. For our main courses we got the barmundi(seabass) & beef. The barmundj was decent... Other than having some salt,it was pretty flavorless. The shallots were the best part of this dish for me. The beef was well seasoned & perfectly cooked.... The best meal of the night... Though I have eaten better at less steep prices. For Dessert we got the millionaire's shortbread... Or should I just saythe Salt Ball instead... Coz That's what it was. Salty peanuts & salty pretzels over a salty peanut Carmel base. The Result: an inedible plate of Salt concoction. I truly wanted to love this place but unfortunately true to its name, all I walked out of the restaurant with,was only the overpowering taste of NACL.really think they can find a way to have diet sodas or at least unsweetened tea. the tomato soup was really not good... especially with the orange aftertaste in it. sorry but this restaurant wakes innovative approaches to cooking that really do not mesh well.I have to say that I held off writing a bad review, but feel I must share. I was completely disappointed with the compassion of this owner. Beware before signing. My daughter and fiancé had put down a deposit to get married here and 2 or 3 weeks later my soon to be son in law got very ill. She immediately notified the owner. They were in and out of the hospital at least 4 times with a couple visits amounting to 5 plus day stays and 2 surgeries. He literally would not have been able to walk down the aisle on scheduled day. I understand contracts but at a certain point human kind has to step in on things that cant be planned.  They had to cancel their day because of his health issues and Lisa wouldn't refund a single dime. It was quite a substantial deposit too. She plays like she cares but don't think she really does. I would think twice before you sign the papers.We showed up on time for our scheduled wedding and no one was there.  Doors locked, no one answered.  We banged on the doors, called, but only got a full voicemail message, emailed, texted....no response.  We were dressed and ready for our wedding with friends and family in tow, but there was no wedding.  This was supposed to be the biggest day of our lives and Cozy Weddings ruined it.Scheduled to get married in November.  We went there 4 months ago to book, and told to come back when we're 6 months prior to wedding date. So here we are, a month of continuous unanswered emails/calls, we decide to go there, only to find a "up for sale" sign. Now we're scrambling trying to find a venue, everyone's booked. Its stressful enough, without these shady liars adding to the mix.This office has the worst front office service!! I called to find out if they had someone in office who does Wisdom Teeth Extractions and she said yes but it just depends on how the tooth is positioned and before I could say anything else she said she was transferring me to someone else to answer my questions. No one picked up and she transferred me again without saying a word and it went to someones voicemail. I hung up & called back and I guess when she saw my number she picked up and immediately transferred me again because I could here people talking before I was transferred. This happened 2 more times before someone else finally answered the phone. I expressed how annoyed I was by this process of continuously being sent to voicemail she snapped back at me saying "well we're busy in the mornings and we're only 2 people". So I again asked about Wisdom Teeth Extractions and she then told me they didn't do them at all. By this point I was so annoyed with their customer service that I wouldn't want to go there anyway!!! I was looking for a new primary dentist office but they just missed out on me!! My advice to them is to not be RUDE to prospective clients just because you're frustrated with YOUR JOB.I thought this place was a rip-off.  I spent ten plus dollars on a little over fifteen minutes on a computer.  Then when I printed my pages it turned out to be like close to fifty cents a page.  It is convenient that they are open 24 hours, but they realize that they have trapped you when you come inside.  I would only go here for extreme emergencies.  Visit a library instead.Two bucks to send a fax.  And 22 cents per page to print a simple two-sided b/w text manuscript?!  Plus the staff go out of their way not to look at you.  Next time I'll take Garrett's advice and only visit in an emergency.if you need Kinko's-type services, go to OFFICE MAX, they basically can do the same things and are a TON cheaper..for example; to print a 24x36 poster at Kinkos is $40, at MAX its $29.99 and lots of times they run a special for $19.99.....and i agree w/everyone, their employee training must consist of intense training to treat customers like imbeciles and morons.......what a waste of money!!Today I went to Fedex to pick up a 6 letter size prints. It was the single worst experience in retail of my life. I stopped in thinking it would take 5 minutes, 10 if they were busy. It took them 52 minutes. Because of employee lack of communication. To print 6 sheets of paper. And they got it wrong. And it began pouring rain around the 45th minute. I'd left my sun roof open as it was SUNNY thinking it would take TEN MINUTES so I had to run outside in the pouring rain to close it. So Now I sit drenched in water in a soaked seat in my car because 3 Fedex employees need to learn basic COMMUNICATION SKILLS. I will NEVER do business with FedEx again.Oh - and now I'm so late I'm stuck in unmoving rush hour traffic. Worst experience of my life.So the lady helping doesnt have her contacts in.  Don't you think that would be the first thing you would do in the morning if you worked at a print shop????So she goes to the bathroom while I am working on the font due to transfer issues.  And I wait. And wait. And wait...   Hey guy do you think someone could help me while shes in the bathroom?"Well, what were you trying to do?  Bc she is signed in blah blah blah.  Here she comes. "They start yapping about why he couldn't help me.  Whatever man, she's back. Can we just get on with this?AWESOME TEAMWORK AND CUSTOMER SERVICE!Friendly, Polite and customer service are all words which will not describe this location.

AND DON"T CALL ME MAAM YOU IDIOT!  And get your teeth cleaned! That yucky yellow stuff is called tartar and it can be removed.I live close, so instead of Burger King, I went to Subway sounded less greasy. I not only saw at least 3 homeless people who smelled like pee, but the guy who was making my "sub" had hickeys all over his neck. I get it, sometimes it happens but the hickeys where fresh...all I could think of the whole time he was making my sandwich is he had his hands up some girls coochie less then 24 hours ago, he seemed like a nice enough employee but I paid for my food and walked out, and dropped it in the trash, just like the girl that he did last night.I do not think that location should decide if you get a big brother/ sister or not.  It's sad that where I live there's a 3 year waiting list.  Also the fact that they would not even allow the child to be brought to the volunteer to make it convenient is just ridiculous.  The gentleman even said that would be taking the volunteer away from someone in that community, as if the one we're in was not worthy.  Sad, especially for the children that really need the program.I had to be admitted for a stomach infection. The 3-day stay was a living nightmare, and traumatic experience.They rudely wake you up every day at 3am to do blood work. What sadistic monster would conceive of doing this to their patients at such ungodly hour? How completely unnecessary, and when I questioned the reason for the early rise, I only received non-answers and mean stares. Their solution to every problem is to give people a pill. And doctors are way too quick to prescribe them . You can't sleep, here's a pill. Well, if I wasn't interrupted 3-4 times a night I would be able to have a good night's sleep without the unnecessary assistance of a sleep hypnotic. Do you fell depressed in a hospital? Of course we all do. Here's a pill to you. Instead of treating your patients better, just fill them up with more pills.Is your stomach hurting? Here's a pill. Of course it'll mask the pain but it will not make the cause of  your illness better. This is a teaching hospital that caters mostly to indigents and low-income patients. For people with insurance, such as myself, it was a horrific experience. By the way, I had a strange feeling I was a guinea pig for their students.Your health is the most precious gift, beware of this hospital as they do not respect you as a human being. Some of the nurses are nice, but there were some that looked at you with extreme hatred. Their night RN supervisor reminded me of Nurse Ratched. She gave me the creeps.Thankfully, I have only needed to stay in a hospital 3 times in my life. The first 2 times were for giving birth to my children in the late 1970's.  What I've learned from this current experience is that the state of medical care in this country has definitely declined to shocking lows.   When I asked for a doctor's note to give to my employer, they were curt, dismissive and vengefully would not provide me with one. Banner Good Samaritan is by far one of the worst experiences I've had in my life. It has left me shaken to the core.The care we received was substandard.  My mother in law was recovering from heart surgery and not doing well. We noticed something was wrong but the nurses kept insisting everything was ok. It turned out she had a UTI that went unnoticed we requested a test for the UTI otherwise it would have never been found until it may have been too late to reverse. Then she was given Seroquel to have her calm down against our wishes. This was a psychotropic drug that was unnecessary.The neighborhood is also not safe and the Valet service closes at 10:00 PM We needed to be there for the entire stay ( 24/7 ) to insure she got the care she needed.  She was also dehydrated and the nurses did nothing until we insisted something was done,The attending doctor was annoyed if we made any suggestions and it wasn't until our cardiologist came in and gave specific instructions that anything got done,Terrible care, I would not have even given this hospital one star if it wasn't required by Yelp.I'm basing my review over some instances that I've had to go to their ER.1. In VERY bad motorcycle accident where I broke my left leg, pelvis and dislocated my toe. Also had very deep road rash.2. Two instances of painful kidney stones.For # 1, I was transported via ambulence to the nearest hospital which meant by default, I HAD to go there as the accident happened on I-10 tunnel. I found the staff to be very gruff (in general) and the surgeon was even worse. Do not recall his last name, but his first name was "Michael". He basically told me to "try harder" when I would try to get up and stand by my bed. I kept telling him I was dizzy and felt like I had to faint. Turns out, I lost a lot of blood during the accident and was needing a transfusion. After I get 2 bags of blood, I'm good to go again! My point being, these asshole doctors really do need to LISTEN to their patients! I also had a horrid night RN come in and was a little rough and bossy to check my vitals during my week stay. How are you gonna feel if someone pokes your damn arm in the middle of deep rest in the night? No "excuse me" or anything! I remedied that be asking the Charge Nurse to never send her my way again.I also had my shoes stolen from my room. Not cool.As for #2, I had to wait a LONG time to even be examined. I was literally in so much pain that I couldn't even sit down. For those of you who don't know how kidney stones feel, just imagine a damned cactus being shoved up your urethra. I'm not kidding. I was there pacing back and forth without any help. After pacing around and begging for something to kill the pain, the RN gave me something and had me pee through what looked like a vegetable strainer. Ughhhh.Overall many Doctors  and nurses were helpful in the care of my mom. There were others who had poor bedside manners, didn't wash their hands,  using equipment dropped on the floor and lacked coordination.   Thankful that I am a nurse and was able to point these poor skills out to help protect my mom.  BEWARE,  keep family involved in your care and watch everythingHad THE WORST Emergency Room experience of my night last night at Banner Good Sam. I awoke at around 2am with a severe allergic reaction of welts all over my body specifically concentrated around my neck (I look like the Michelin Man) and was red like a lobster. Every person I came in contact with was incompetent from the intake lady who asked my race and "What are you?" upon checking me in (Nevermind what my race is I'm a HUMAN BEING having a severe allergic reaction and in dire need of medical treatment), to the second intake person who wrote in the wrong prescription name for medications I'm currently taking, to the nurse who told me it's probably not the brand new medication I've been on since Friday which specifically indicates rash and swelling especially of the neck and face as a severe side effect, to the doctor who prescribed me Benadryl. Oh and the ER was empty and I still waited 2 hours to be seen by a doctor while in that condition. Then, upon checking out this lady launched a full, for lack of a better term, SHAKEDOWN, and demanded $988 on the spot even though I HAVE INSURANCE and asked if it could be paid in installments.Worst. ER. Ever. Do not go here. Shame on them.My father went into the ER with pancreas pains at 7am... Two days later he has yet to have an MRI and they keep dragging their feet saying maybe soon. I get that it's not a heart or brain issue, but waiting two days for an MRI is absolutely ridiculous.It used to be a very quality hospital but the neighborhood's changing from destitute to hipster, go in wearing a purple shirt and spiffy clothes you'll get treated like a champ .going in the middle of the night in your pajamas like one of the locals they will  practically throw you out of there... I've experienced both I've been a patient there for over 20 years. .. It hasn't become impossible since the remodel started.... The remodel like the light rail was never intended for us locals... Be smart and press record on your phone before you put it in your pocket. Its a Dr lies the nursing staff will lock step behind them and it'll be your only proof... And yes the rumors are true they do mistreat homeless people there ,they're remodeling is not good for their new image!From best to worst, had been here few times my self and other with family members, came in today and let me tell you worst experience I had ever had, the people on the ER don't have any fucking idea what there doing, they running like chickens with no heads, right hand don't talk to the left, for sure won't be back or recommend this place to anyone, it's a shame this hospital got this badAfter waiting several hours in a filthy waiting room receiving random stares from a rude security staff then I got to go back wit a group of ppl that just walked thru door 10 mins ago I got to deal wit a less than friendly staff but the P.A Vicky  was very nice so was Cheri the xray tech...I would recommend that no one comes to this e rI was here on Wednesday had a spinal tap back tonight with horrible Migraines the last two days I swear they took too big of a spinal fluid specimen ..we will see the results if I ever get seen three hours later in the ED been crying the whole time I need to lie down!!!Had a family member visit the ER and have to say it is absolutely disgusting. They have everyone in this one room waiting for hours.  It's not sanitary and the staff is very rude. I will never ever recommend this hospital or ER to anyone. It is best to just stay away. If I can give this hospital zero stars I would.I've worked in a hospital setting for

also he talk about sex  clearly in front of the kids without being attantion that 12 years old is still a kid?? that I asked my girl to go out from the room and stay out side!!! he is some time resnable and lots of time is NOT?is you care about your kids do not go to him. I will find another doc who recpect priivcy and the rules!! and know that he dealing with kids NOT adult??Dr Wong refused to give me an emergency script for my son's ADHD meds on a Saturday, after his psychiatrist screwed up mailing the script to me. We (parents) were leaving town on business & didn't want to leave my son with caregivers while he was off his meds - cold turkey no less!  I offered to bring in his current empty bottle, to prove what dose he was on, etc.  She didn't call me back, and I finally got the receptionist to tell me that Dr Wong, "Wasn't comfortable with that." ?!?!And guess what? Son got distracted leaving school, forgot where he was supposed to go, & ended up going missing!  This screwed up our whole sales presentation that we had traveled to another state for, bc we had to cancel it mid-stream & go into emergency mode to try to find him from far away. He could have DIED because of her negligence (he was found on the street, lost, several hours later, BTW). And his new ped?  Told me that refusing a few days of emergency pills was CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE and that I should file a medical board complaint. I also was overbilled by them, bc they forgot to bill our secondary insurance, and my hubby didn't know what the deal was and paid the $50 they demanded. I never got that money back, BTW.We started going to mesa peds when my daughter was born. When she was 3 months we were told she needed to see an eye doctor because she still occasionally got cross eyed. She referred us to "her friend" who, when we went to see, had no idea why she'd send us because her eye development is normal. Okay fine, I get being careful but that was $180 out of pocket. So we just chose to switch to someone else in the office. At first this woman seemed on the ball, except every time I went in it was like we were new patients. She didn't remember anything about my daughters history. She's ask questions and I'd be baffled I needed to explain them again. At this point I was thinking about switching based on the lack of personal connection we were making with her. My daughter was one at this point. She's always had trouble with constipation and so almond milk was recommended. I had done some research and read that she wouldn't get all the nutrients she needed from it, but our ped argued that she would get plenty, so I chose to go with her word over the Internet. The last straw was taking my daughter in thinking she was allergic to something (she'd been itching and rubbing her face vigorously for days). I was brushed off and told to get her eye drops because she probably just had something in her eye. I called a new pediatrician the next day and we are now awaiting results of a food allergy scan and finding a supplement to go with her almond milk because her weight is in the 10th percentile from the lack of calories almond milk has.These doctors don't have you or your child's best interest in mind. They're just skating through making half the effort of a real pediatrician.Mesa peids was fine while my son was a healthy infant. If you have anything outside the norm I'd say go elsewhere.My son is now 13. I've had him in for excessive headaches and vision problems multiple times since he was 7. I was told to give him aspirin and reminded to make sure he washes his hands (?).  The doctors are condescending and treat everyone (including parents) like infants. I finally wised up and took my son to my primary care physician who immediately ordered an MRI and referred us to a neurologist. Guess what? The MRI discovered he has chiari malformation, which is causing his headaches. I wish someone at Mesa pieds would have taken us more seriously years ago. When a child has never ending headaches, there's something wrong. It's not growing pains. I regret not seeking a 2nd opinion sooner.Mesa pediatrics (regardless of location) is someplace to avoid. Steer clear of them.

a past employee of theirs..they keep calling ..stopping

C. I did not leave with cootiesDespite the fact they have redone a ton of rooms there are still some that should be free to anyone that wants to stay there. Our room was dirty, old, and the bathroom was in need of repairs. I had low expectations seeing as though it is a low tier hotel but seriously it was no good. Housekeeping sucks- she left a used q-tip on the floor in the same spot for three days. Sure I could have picked it up but someone gets paid to do that in my room.Got yelled at by a disgruntled pool attendee. Didn't want to argue. Normally I spend my entire day at the pool.  I stayed less than 1 hour.First booked non smoking room months ago, got smoking only...it was nasty. Room was so dirty afraid to touch anything. CSI would have a field day not exaggerating...reddish brown splatter on bathroom ceiling, white spots all over couch, cigarette burns everywhere, peeling paint, cracked tiles, just filthy.   No light bulbs in two lamps, leftover trash from previous guest, etc etc  Pool crowded!  And soooo dirty, stairs to waterslide littered with cans, cigarette butts, drink glasses, etc. They can't get a trashcan up there? Sooo gross!Unless you are guaranteed one of the newer rooms or plan on partying and trashing the place yourself don't do it.  I've seen $39/night motels along the freeway nicer than this. The IP next door is not great either but is ok and generally much cheaper. Buffet is good.Find another place to stay than this hotel. You can find a less expensive, classier place to stay in Vegas. The rooms are tacky, the carpets are gross, the pool is a frat party on steroids, most of the staff is surly and unable to do their job correctly.This Hotel is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in to this point in my life. The Old Country Buffet is better than the buffet offering at this hotel. The Casino is filthy and lack luster and the rooms are the most offensive excuses for living quarters I have ever stayed in. The bathroom of my hotel should be given a one star rating for cleanliness but as sad as it sounds that carpet, the walls, and beds deserve a lower rating so... There is a Japanese restaurant (HAMADA) near the the cab stand in the basement of the hotel, this place rocks and needs to find a home in a better quality hotel. This hotel was garbage and I would recommend no one ever utilizes it for gambling, lodging, or eating. If you do have to stay there look under your bed!!!!!!!!ewww ewww ewww and gross. We booked a GO room after reading reviews and looking online. arrived and they made up some nutso excuse why our rate was going up, then the hallways looked as if they had not seen a vaccum cleaner ever and the smell is just nasty. got in the room and right off we see the previous occupants tab from the weekend. written on the wall. in hot pink marker. interesting. then i noticed a smell that i am sure many seedy hotels in vegas stink of. sick. the comforters had something crusty all over them, the fridge was convered in vomit, toilet paper rack broken on the floor and to top it all off when i jumped my head hit the ceiling. i am 5'6 and my vertical is not so great. i will NEVER go back and they had me sprinting across the street to the Bellagio.WARNING:

-good hospital foodCONS:

Now onto the last 1/2 hour, the foot massage.  The therapists actually switched at this point!  I didn't know what's going on until later.  Much of the same thing, squeezing my foot here and there and that's about it.My wife is fuming about her massage while we're changing back to our clothes. For her first hour, she had to tell the therapist where to massage and she needed to be stronger.  Nothing relaxing about this at all.  Kept telling her stronger, the therapist would press a little harder once or twice.  This one didn't have a clue of how or where to massage.  This went on for an hour.

My response was "well if she had been able to call the order in it wouldn't have been a problem, but your too busy to answer the phone!"He retorted with "show me an ID with the same last name!"

I dined in the bar area at Chili's on a Saturday night in late September. I paid with my credit card and wrote in an 18% tip on the receipt. Three weeks later I received my credit card bill and found out my 18% tip somehow got turned into a 70% tip. I went by the very next day and spoke with manager Becky Lane. She assured me they would refund the charges and I would hear from her when that happens, 5-7 business days in her words. Two weeks went by and nothing... So I sent an email. That went ignored. Another week passed and a second email has gone ignored. A stop by the restaurant yielded a conversation with a manager that new nothing of the situation.Initially I wasn't upset. I figured it must've been an honest mistake by a busy bartender on a Saturday. However, the more I get the runaround the more I feel this Chili's location is trying to hide something. My next step is to contact Chili's corporate offices.If you eat here, save your receipt and be careful of fraudulent credit card charges.My boyfriend & I are regulars at all chilis locations. However at this one,  we always happen to go at night.....bad idea. EVERY TIME we go to this location, the service is horrible. They take 10 mins to greet us after were sat, IF THAT. I remember one time we literally waited for our drinks for like 15mins. And everyone else working there is just walking around like no customer is being ignored, when more then 2 people saw us sitting there for more than 5 mins, without drinks. Idk if they just think were some kids that dont matter, so they think they dont have to try, but they have yet to find out that if they did, theyd be surprised with a big well deserved tip. Anyway, the food is always delish, compliments to the chef. But thats it.Today, I had THE WORST service experience at Chilis on Stapley and the 60. Usually, we have no problems, but tonight it was exceptionally bad. Customer service? There was none. David (bartender) and his partner were extremely rude. It took forever to bring out our drinks. I had to ask for the same thing multiple times. They never stopped and checked on us to see how we were doing or if needed anything. Also, my food had a hair in it. Gross!!! Food took forever to be re made. Manager did apologize, but our servers had no idea what was going on because they never checked on us. In the end, the girl server tried to be nice but it only came across as fake because it was right before I was about to sign the receipt. Overall, completely terrible. I will never come back there again.Avoid this location at all costs, disorganized, food takes forever, food comes out disgusting sitting under the heat lamp at best if not cold. Never again!DO NOT EAT HERE. Very poor service. Our waiter wasn't attentive at all. We had to ask 3 times for silverware after our meal was served. Someone else finally brought it.

The loaner vacuum they gave us barely worked.  We ended up not even using it for the three weeks it took them to fix our vacuum. When we got our vacuum home, they had fixed the roller brush, but the vacuum wasn't cleaning like it had when it was newer.  We had asked if they could fix it and they said no, because it was a bad brand and that's why they don't recommend the vacuum.

Over-priced

The ambience of this place has gone down hill, even though the price has gone up. I will not eat there again. The strip is full of higher quality buffets.Below average food quality. Everything was cold and flavorless. I would not recommend this buffet. There are other higher quality buffets in Vegas.Used to come here all the time.  Last few times,  it keep being worse.  Cold food.  Custard at warm temperature.  Not worth  $50. Less selection as well.  Better go to Wynn or Encore if u going to buffetNot worth the price... It's not what it use to be.  The ambiance, food quality is declining. Was a customer since it opened 16 years ago. It's beginning to feel like the low end buffets in Vegas.Poor selection, poor service, over-priced, over-congested seating area. Do not go if you are looking for quality food.Staying at the Bellagio and went to this place with my husband. Customer service is horrible - except Mr Carlo behind the crab legs/craw fish area. The quality of food is sub par for the hotel. The crab legs were cold and watered down. Plain gross!!!The only reason I'm giving this buffet a "1 star" is because it doesn't allow you to just "leave blank"...which is how I would describe our experience. Let me start by saying that this place is over rated. We thought by the atmosphere & reviews that we would give it a try for the first time. So we went on 3/19/16.Well to our surprise (after waiting in line 30 min) the price was increased by 30%. Why?...according to cashier St Patrick's Day. Not trying to be biased but give me a "major" holiday & I'm willing to pay the extra fees for my Autistic 5 year old son...who doesn't eat but a few choice foods. To be more specific he literally ate 2 small square pieces of pizza & small bowl (more like dipping cup) of mac & cheese. We didn't decline to go elsewhere for the fact our children were hungry & after waiting in line patiently...deserved to sit & eat.Most ppl would probably question why we even took our two children there in the first place...Well again for the experience. But to pay almost $50 a person (ages 3+) is just plain taking advantage. Yes! That's what we paid for each x 4. Then when we asked the manager why they charge so much for children. His response was "we can't put an age on it as some children of similar ages consume a lot of food". Then my husband asked "if you can't put an age on it, why is over the age of 3 charged at adult rate?". Your still putting an age limit in it! The manager couldn't answer, just to say that's the way it is. I will also say of the many places we stayed the ones who treated us with more "respect" and "courtesy" were less than "4 star" rating...go figure. As I mentioned before we had high expectations and were very disappointed by the way we were treated. We will not be back & hope others who do continue to go don't have children...or disabled children for that matter receive this type of treatment. Because I don't want to bore anyone I won't go into the menu...only to say mine & my daughter's plate was full of blood from the (oh so rare) meats...which we could not eat.Food was absolutely horrible ! Everything was cold, bland, or over seasoned. The sad part about the the whole experience it cost me $50.00.If you asked me to describe Bellagio Buffet in three words: Baby Green PoopSo I typically hate reviews about service and not the food. But after spending a solid 40 minutes in line on  a Tuesday afternoon at 4:30, we saw a buffet employee asking groups how many were in their party. Turns out he was seeking small groups willing  to sit at the bar! Sweet! Too bad this particular employee didn't understand how lines work, nor how a corner operates. So after our group of two stepped forward in line and rounded the corner (could see the entrance to pay for the buffet!) he completely skipped asking us and the group behind us. I even attempted to grab his attention, but to no avail. He ended up taking three groups of two from the end of the line a few seconds later. Enraged and hungry, we actually just left after that, unwilling to spend another 20 minutes in line. Terrible customer service, but no matter to them, as there were many more people in line behind us.The use of the word gourmet is false advertising here. My wife and I were deeply disappointed with our visit to this buffet. We came in Easter Sunday and paid an increased price and hoped it would be worth it and it was not. The food was bland and not in any way fresh. There were several dishes that were empty. It was so crowded you could barely move and lines built up around the meat area. I found the over all dish options to be disappointing. The only thing decent was the dessert options. The rest was just meh. Not at all worth the price. Nothing is more disappointing then being really excited about something and being completely let down.I can't give more than one star because the price is too high for nothing! First of all they charge us full price for my kids, I can understand for one, he is 14 but for little one, she's 9, that's crazy! Second one-the food was absolutely not good at all, not even one dish was good... Maybe just chicken noodle soup... But I believe 36$ for chicken soup it's tooooo much! I do not recommend it!!!It's not what I expected from Bellagioway to pricy for the dinner Buffet because the food didn't meet the standard. just a bigger a bigger place and more people only. i.am certainly not going back.Disgusting crab, all of it. Cold, rubbery, and flavorless. All the pasta was very salty, especially the Asian noodles. There was crunchy gristle in the chicken Shu Mai and Mongolian beef. The desserts were very sweet to the point of being flavorless.  Save $50/person. Go to Harrah's champagne brunch, have the endless crab there, which is soooo delicious.I do not understand the positive reviews for this place. It was a$54 (for two) buffet that should have been $10.The buns on the sliders could have been used to pound nails. I actually tried to pierce one by striking it with a table knife. No chance. Hard boiled egg? The yolk was quite literally powder due to overcooking. Fish? Sponge. Actually sucked all the moisture out of my mouth, couldn't get the bite down without a lot of water. The rice? Just...don't. Really. Don't.All of the dessert items I tried could have been bought at a grocery, and had better quality. Frankly, the desserts were the only edible items from the dozen I tried and even they were marginal.It gets better.I asked for an IPA. The waiter had no idea what an IPA was. I explained that it was a type of beer. "Oh, we have Bud Light, Stella, and (something else) for $14"  I told him that I'd have a water. "Good choice. Which was that again?""Water. Because there is no way that I'm going to pay $14 for a Budweiser.""Oh"I check later, since beers for that price aren't listed anywhere else in the hotel. I called the buffet and asked about beer prices. They are supposed to be 6-8 dollars.Nice hustle, buffet waiter.Having tried several buffets around Vegas, so far,  this is by far the worst. The food was tasteless, the breads were as tough as shoe leather, the salad section was limited and so boring.  I tried different items, the beef, the sushi, the eggs, the seafood, etc.  Come on, the Bellagio is supposedly one of the classiest hotels in Vegas.  It is a shame that the quality of the food is so lackluster.  I will not be eating there ever again and I don't recommend anyone else should either.  So very disappointed, and the cost was another issue.  It wasn't worth the $20, more like $4.99 and that's stretching it.The WORST!

I told her I was done with this place.

Then while waiting on me, another customer comes in the door. He however is asked what is the problem and the clerk starts to help him while I'm sitting there.  Clerk now says he can wait on two people at once.  Now I have half his attention at best, because he is reaching to make a phone call for the other guy.

My husband and kiddo each had the spaghetti and meatballs.  I opted for the spinach cheese ravioli (which tasted like the frozen ravioli from costco).  Food I would rate 3 stars.

I have used Design Tree Maintenance 3 times in the last several years and they have always performed well in the field. Do I expect to pay extra for work done on a Sunday, and do I  expect them to charge extra for a weekend removal ? Yes, I do!  However, the charge is EXCESSIVE for 45 minutes of work. If ever you are given a quote over the phone, make sure you have them Spell it out!Do not use this company!!!!  They claim to be "experts" but then send a bunch of spanish speaking guys to do the work that the "expert" quotes.  We hired them to do a bunch of tree work in 2012 and was quoted a certain amount.  We paid them after the work was completed but then they kept harassing us for more money, claiming we owed them another $100.  After days of harassing calls, we mailed them there own quote.  They finally backed down and the harassing calls stopped.  When I recently spoke with an employee on the phone about our experience with them he told me he was offended that I called the company dishonest.  Really???  What else does it look like from a customer's perspective?  I will never do business with this company again and I hope you don't either!!!!Wish I could give 0 stars. This company is a joke. Worst customer service ever. They give a quote and then charge your credit card for way more, then go MIA. We wanted our tree cut and they quoted us for a trim and deep fertilization and we told them we do not want fertilization yet they still send a guy out to fertilize, so we obviously told him we didn't want it done and he left. We then noticed the company charged our credit card for the fertilization we never requested or had done. We have left multiple messages and they do not call back. It's been over a week and no word from them. We ended up having to report it as a fraudulent charge to the credit card company since they charged us for several handed dollars extra. Also, they had given us a window of 1 pm until 4 pm for the trim, but came at 445 pm. My husband had already prepaid and the company had his credit card number yet they asked me for money after they finished cutting the tree. I told them it was already taken care of and the Spanish speaking man asked again "cash or check?" And I just had to walk away. They have no respect and I would absolutely never do business with them again. My mother in law was also sent a bill for more than what she was quoted. Truly ridiculous.Design tree has worked on our trees and yard in the past and we have had moderate issues with scheduling and the crew showing up at the right time on the right day.  One time they were scheduled and did not shop up at all.  Their redeeming quality was that they did a good job when then got there.  Ben, the arborist, was professional and knowledgeable.  After this last experience, we will NEVER call them again.  They were scheduled to come at 1pm.  At 11 am I got a call from the scheduler that they were at our house.  I offered to jump in the car and run over because we had a 6 pm photoshoot scheduled to put the house on the market.  He assured me it was not necessary and they would come back close to 1pm but no later than 3 or 4 pm.  My husband and I arrived at the house at 1pm and did some odds and ends....about 2pm we called for the projected ETA....the scheduler promised to call back.  At 3:45 pm we called back and Gina told us they were on their way!  We told her we would leave the side gate open but we needed to go get some water and food (the house is vacant now)  When we got back at 5:10...the tree was cut but there was DEBRIS all over the yard.  Gina said that another truck was  enroute to pick up the limbs and blow the yard clean.  At 6:10 the photographer arrived and pictures were not possible outside.  At 7:00 pm we left and I called Design Tree and FIRED them.  I will never use this company again.  If you value your time, you will chose another company.Don't bother unless you have WEEKS to wait. Nick will get there to let you know the hundreds you will need to pay for their services and Walt will tell you why they haven't been there...time after time.Everyone who gave a one-star review of DTM & the owner, Bob, are absolutely correct in EVERYTHING they said! Bob, and his company, are terrible, and will cheat you and trick you in every way they can. They are very overpriced, but the estimator is so nice & knowledgable that you believe it will be worth it. They started out with good work on one part of the total job, but I think that was just by chance. They  never finished all the work agreed upon & which I paid for, charged me twice (since they had my credit card information) for an irrigation controller (and still owe me over $300), provided a different & inferior product to what I paid for, lied to me, ran out of paper when it was time to give me a detailed receipt - and never sent me a copy, never responded to my emailed  requests, complaints, or calls once they got their money. They did terrible pruning work & had a million excuses. They were also rude about it.Everyone was nice at first, when they knew that I was getting several quotes, but that soon changed. And Bob spoke very  badly about the other companies I was considering.  They make things very confusing, so you can't keep track, by estimating, charging, & scheduling different teams for different jobs (pruning, feeding, irrigation etc). The people they send out to do the work, for the most part, do not speak English which makes it impossible to communicate with them. Do not use this company!I used these people based on a referral from a reputable organization. They are grossly overpriced and they practice "bait and switch." The company appears to be run by the owners younger children which have demonstrated little to no business integrity. I agreed to plant a new tree at a cost of $2,400; they charged my credit card in advance, then they wanted an additional $1,500 when I picked out the tree (there was a $200 increase in the retail cost of the tree). I had to call my credit card company to get the charge reversed because of their "bait and switch" tactics. The one tree that they planted for me was so small that I felt taken advantage of. Then they sold me a program of feeding which cost a fortune. When I wanted them to take back the "product" that they left for the remainder of the year they offered me penny's on the dollar.Their tree work was satisfactory but cost me almost twice as much as with the prior company that I had used. Their salesman is very smooth and you want to trust him; the problem is what you are getting is GROSSLY overpriced and the service delivery does not warrant the risk of doing business with these people. Run; these guys are "criminals with chain saws".I have been renting out car for last 5 months at this location, and it's been a nightmare. The executives at this center have no respect for the business and for the customer's time. They are impolite, not helpful at all and they lie with pride (not knowing something is fine buy lying is unacceptable). To give you an idea, why I say the service at this center does not get more than 1 star,1) The executives at this center were charging me for more than what I was supposed to pay (because I switched out to a different car) after I resisted I was asked to come back again twice and then after spending hours of explaining them that they cannot charge me more than the monthly amount I signed up, they fixed up this issue.

"FEB 28 2014 Home in default $12,652 past due"Knowing this I called the agent.  They kept me in the call queue (on hold) for a long time with a happy message about how high their call volume is due to their great services.Once the guy answered he asked me for the Property ID which was listed on Trulia, and I gave it to him.  He pretended to know about the home by repeating publicly available home specs, and told me it was available.He said "let me help you get registered to get you in our system".  I asked what that meant.He said said they offer two ways of helping people get homes:

I came here on a Tuesday afternoon at about 2... Store was fairly empty with maybe 1 person in front of Me and 2 behind me in line.I thought I'd be in and out in a few minutes as I just b ordered one smoothie, no extras, nothing special.But no... I was left waiting in the store for almost half an hour.I would have said forget it and just return my money but no one would come to the counter!  Someone behind me was served before me, and the woman in front of me was served after me! Also, after they finally finished my smoothie, they left the cup near the hot oven where they were cooking something. I tried to tell them that was my smoothie but they ignored me and let it melt, then 5 Minutes later moved my smoothie to the counter where they didn't even call my name. I took a sip and some of it was warm, except the chunks. Of powder that weren't blended!Also it's funny to me that the other bad review on this location was pushed into the "not recommended" area.Horrible management. Lady cashier didn't give me my change . When I  asked about it she said she couldn't remember was her reply. I asked for a Manager. The rudest lady ever she said no way was i gonna get my change, until closing. Manager refused said it's store policy.  I waited for a hour until finally they counted the register found my extra change rudely gave me my change and gave no apology. Rudest people ever i will go to a bigger chain store next time.Horrible customer service today!!  My husband just got gone from a trip to this store and said 2 clerks having a conversation when he entered the store were obviously unconcerned about 10 customers waiting in line at the cash register!!!!  Everyone looked frustrated and when he approached a clerk in the back of the store to open a locked cabinet of drill bits for him, the clerk  acted terribly inconvenienced.    *sigh*been going for 13 yrs now, bit pricey but has what u need in a bind. the guy is ok, the women have their moments.

Simply a really sorry excuse for any casino to allow this kind of vendor to be associated with it.

A generally very well run chain, this one is to be avoided - seems to be ran by 9 year olds who are long on appologies, short on resolution. Don't bother making a reservation, they don't honor the system. The food is ok, but the experience? There are SO many better places in Tempe. Give this one a miss.One of the worst restaurant experiences I had in a while. The service was incredibly slow. Our first dish was the chicken lettuce wraps. The white noodle crisps that come with the chicken lettuce wraps were so hard and burnt, and when my mom ate some of them in her wrap, she chipped her tooth! We politely told our waitress about it, and she just LAUGHED and walked away. No apology, no "I'll talk to the cook about that." It's like that was her plan all along , and she was so happy that customers were receiving bodily harm from the food. The rest of the food took forever to arrive, to the point where we eventually had to find SOMEONE that passed by to ask what was going on. The sea bass that arrived was the worst cooked fish we've ever tasted. It tasted old, rough, and the spinach it came with was the worst spinach ever (the sauce tasted like a cigarette,  the spinach was raw, and parts of it had giant amounts of salt piled on!). I mean, how do you screw up spinach? I've tasted this same dish at the P.F. Chang's at King of Prussia in Pennsylvania, and it tastes so much better and so completely different. Our mongolian beef dish here was very rough and again had an overwhelming amount of burnt white noodle crisps. The only dish that was semi-edible was the beef lo mein, and even that had a lot of salt. Our waitress eventually came over to ask how we were liking the food, and we hesitated. We could kind of predict that she would just laugh and walk away. But she kept standing there, so we eventually told her the spinach was too salty and under cooked. And guess what - she laughed and walked away. Again.Awful service, awful food.OK I will start with the good parts of this place. The Hostess was sweet. She even helped us with the Validation of the parking.

So after that we asked for the check and left.

Although it was very busy I got the wrong order and then was told there is no way to tell that I got the wrong order. They did not have enough servers on staff for a busy Sunday. Very disappointed first time ever.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.This place charges 2.99 for carbonated water.I am not one that usually reviews, good, bad or ugly.  However, I am in Mesa, AZ on vacation and my wife and we decided to have Mimi's on Monday.  We enjoyed Mimi's back in Colorado.  Unfortunately, about 6 hours after having the Bacon and Blue cheese salad with chicken I started having excruciating stomach cramps.  I then spent the night not sleeping and visiting the restroom frequently, yes I got food poisoning.  Based on the other items I have been eating I am 100% sure this occurred from my meal at Mimi's.  It has now been 3 days and I am finally starting to feel like a human again.  Hopefully they are doing better with the food prep or washing there hands. YUCKBeen going to Mimis for Thanksgiving for several years and...for the most part..have enjoyed it very much.  Yesterday's experience has absolutely turned us off to Mimi's.  There were four of us.  Didn't even get rolls until the dinner arrived. Green beans and sweet potatoes were sent back by one because they were cold.  What came back was still cold, and now the sweet potatoes lacked the pecans.  Turkey was not hot on anybody's plate and ice cold on another. That one meal was comp'd, but...

We were told the car would have cruise control.

Now this?

Eating this food , ally *sp was our server and this was just a freaking nightmareAbsolutely the worst service imaginable.

After she hung up, she gossiped with the staff about "not having time for that."

Customer service, the worst; the cashier, whom seems to be the owner is rude, not a  single thank you, no manners, only to those from his own culture or place, apparently. He should be grateful to us because is us who keep his business going.

******************************************************************

The Cromwell Las Vegas

My friend, who handled herself quite well, I must say, told the waiter very nicely that she was a little surprised to see that he had not taken anything off her tab.  His response: "What do you mean?  I fixed the problem."My friend: "No, you corrected your mistake, but I still needed to wait another 15 minutes for my food." She explained that her family owns a restaurant and she was also a server and that she just found it odd that he thought the situation was handled well.  She explained that she would have taken something off the check.

So, we wait... Colleen is still chit-chatting with guests and busing tables. She then comes back to us and simply says she told the manager but did not have time to wait--fair enough, she had a job to do.

Nothing special or unique here.

The gym utilities quite good comparing my old gymHigh prices even after promotions..if u r near from decastlinu area fit for life gym is super amazing daycare hrs 9 to 2 n from 5 to 9 .. 24 hr 7/7 opened and 16 dollar per months plus more b more courses.. just far from meSo disappointed. After waiting to try their food and knowing where they were going to be, I watched the cook make food without wearing gloves. Handle raw meat and go back to making food, handling buns, etc. Without washing, 3 different times. I left without my food and they chased me down to get it to me 10 minutes later.  I opted to throw the food away. Expensive precaution.I had the S'mores cupcake and I was disappointed. There is no originality in the cupcake. It tasted like Betty Crocker out of the box.Tried calling the number prior to going, but only answering machine came on. I decided to take a drive out there since it shows on their Yelp business page that they are open till 9pm. I parked in front and paid my parking fee and walked in. Asked the worker to point me in the direction to where it was and she kindly told me that they were no longer located there and haven't been for a few months! Disappointed and gave a 1 star for inconveniencing me. Hope they update their business page.Ordered a delivered pizza and garlic knots for first time. Garlic knots are good, pizza not so good.  The pizza arrived soggy.  I don't believe it was cook enough.  The toppings were good without the crust.Quick delivery but probably the worst pizza I have had in a long time.  Garlic knots were not anything special, and even the fried zucchini wasn't good... I didn't know you could have bad fried zucchini!Very poor place to order from, they will only deliver if they feel like it. I had order from them before and had no problems getting it delivered.  Tried to order a pizza from them today and was told that I was two far for delivery. I guess 2.5miles is to far. Would not recommend ordering from them to anyone of my friend. Place your order beware should be posted on their yelp posting.. good luck hope you live within 2.5miles.Great pizza, horrible customer service. I called ahead for an order, driving while I dialed so the pizza would be ready when I arrived. A woman answered curtly and asked to put me on hold. Not a problem. After over TWENTY MINUTES minutes on hold she finally picked up, then hung up on me. I was already at the restaurant so I got out of the car and walked inside to place my order. I had already driven here, I wasn't about to waste gas because the lady was rude. I walk in, and there is a lady at the counter, doing something with the register. She didn't greet me. I continued to wait and she continued to ignore me. Acted like I didn't exist. After a minutes of standing there feeling like an idiot, I just left. Absolutely wretched customer service. They didn't even bother to be rude - they just ignored me. Both on the phones and in person. I wouldn't recommend and won't be eating there again.I love the pizza here but after being placed on hold tonight for 3 different times for 10 minutes each time, sitting on the phone like an idiot I won't be calling anymore. Lisa or Alyssa whatever her name is if she doesn't like customer service positions she should find a new job.We got it delivered and the food was horrible. It even smelt bad and didnt look appetizing at all! I was so disappointed!So looking forward to trying this place but the girl on the phone was so extremely rude I know I will not try again. There are too many pizza places to pick from for you to be rudeDecided to branch out from our usual -big mistake. Whole pizza was slathered in some garlic oil butter slop, effectively ruining it. Seriously- the kids each picked at a slice, rest went in the trash. Please forgive me Clockwork Pizza, I've learned my lesson, I'll never take your excellent pizza for granted just for some fried mushrooms ever again!Decided to check out the new spot for us locals of buckeye and was very impressed w the live band, I love live music, sat at the bar, our favorite spot but it took over 10 min for a bartender to greet us much less ask us for our order, then we were asked if we would like a menu, yes, and they never came back to ask if we wanted to order - an hour later. So we took our tab paid and left to the next spot. Please work on your customer service much attention is needed. HAPPY VALENTINES DAYWe were seated pretty quick but it went down hill from there. waited for 30 min for the food. The waiter brought us a water and it tasted awful like it came out of a fracking operation or something. The burger was cold and didn't look like other burgers, like it was a kids burger or something. The wings were way over cooked dry and chewy with sauce poured over the top of them not tossed like they're supposed to. This food was downright terrible, no need to return to eat here..This place is small, crammed, and way too loud! The food is awful. Overcooked and extremely greasy! Would not go back!This isn't the best place. As I walked in there is an EXTREMELY loud band that was terrible! We ordered our drinks and I got water. The water tasted really really dirty. I was already  disappointed and was expecting the food to be better. After waiting over 30 minutes we got out food. Our wings were pretty good, but not worth the price. Our french fries came out cold. I won't be eating here again that's for sure !Service sucks!!! Bartender is lazy and the only way you get a drink is if you are begging!! Get your priorities straight....The waitress was nice. The place looked very dirty. The decor needs help. This place would be a favorite for the drunk. The food is not worth the price you pay. I was looking forward to visiting local establishment. I should have walked away. I believe in supporting local business, however, I will not be returning.Didn't get greeted when we walked in. Floors were sticky. Table was dirty. Water taste like crap. Watched the whole first half of a soccer match before we get our food which was ok. Ordered 10 piece wings. I will not be going there again. Only Positive thing was the multiple tv's different games on. Rate half a star.Sat down at the bar for over 10 min without being acknowledged. Saw maybe 2 servers on the floor. Understaffed so I left.I was excited when this place openned.  But its taken a bad turn. Watching a game is great if your team is same as the owners or staff. Food is so-so. The staff is usually decent.Condition of the furniture makes it look like its been there for 20 years.Hope it gets betterIf you want an attentive waitress or good not great, good customer service, don't come here.  I don't know if it was because we were seated in the restaurant section and not in the bar area but the 2 times we ate here, customer service was non-existent.  The First time we ate here was lunch time during the week.  Only seemed like one waitress for the whole place but there was MAYBE one more table to wait on.  Took us a while for waitress to come back to us to order our food after she got our drinks.  Once we got out food and drinks, it took another while before the waitress came back to fill our drinks.   I am telling you the place was slow but this girl was by herself so I gave her benefit of the doubt.2nd time we ate here, the place had a few more customers but again did not seem busy.  There were a girls up front  to greet us and we sat down and our waitress came and ordered our drinks.  It took her a while to come back and take our order.  I think she was too busy chit chatting with her co workers and/or on her phone.  Maybe both...  We try to get someone attention and another waitress takes our order.  We get our food ordered, eventually food comes out.  Time for refills and again waitress is lagging on checking on us.  Eventually we finish our food and again, the waiting game for the waitress to bring us our check.  We flag someone down again and we get our check.We are new to the area and new to Booty's and we were excited to try this place out and eat here however after the 2 times we have gone there to eat, the customer service has been horrible for us.  We most likely will NOT be going back there again.If I could give this place 0 stars I would. I walked into this place on a Sunday night, the place was pretty empty. The waitress and bartender saw us and no one came to take our drink order. We waited 15 mins and left. A regular named "Chris" came in and got service right away. He had his drink on the table before he even sat down. Place seemed very dated with furniture and seems very dirty.Waitress told my husband over the phone we could utilize the$0.60 wing Wednesday and take it to go, if we came in and say at the bar and ordered. So that's what my husband did because we have a 3 week old baby.  We like boneless wings. That's what we ordered. So the bartender (owner apparently) got the order wrong and put in for bone in wings instead of boneless. When my husband told him it was wrong, he got an attitude and then told him he couldn't take the wings to go for the Wednesday price. He then proceeded to argue with my husband... He eventually refunded my husbands money including the beer he had and when my husband was walking out the door yelled "I hope you enjoyed that beer. It was on me!".You're a dick Andy. We won't be back and will be telling everyone we know about what happened.Nasty! Worst Mexican food ever!! I rarely give out bad reviews... but this place deserves it!! First off, I know food in Vegas can be a bit overpriced, but this place is the worst ever! First off, the service was terrible! I know it's a fast food type of place but that doesn't mean you need to be so rude when taking orders! Besides, this place is inside a hotel so service should be better anyways! Not all the workers were rude, but the girl taking orders and training the new workers was the worst. She snapped at not only the customers but also the people she was training and talked to people as if they were stupid and didnt understand English. The prices at this place are ridiculous go what you get- the worst tasting Mexican food ever! It was $10 for a burrito and the burrito was so gross. The food here is ridiculously dry! The burrito has rice (no flavor), choice of meat (I got a little bit of each - steak was disgusting dry, bland, and waaaaay overcooked. The other meats tasted sweet like dessert-gross!), beans, and cheese. We also got a taco platter for my friend's daughter. Worst tacos ever! My friend's daughter about choked on it because it was sloppily dry! All they put on it was a few shreds of cheese... and like 3 pieces of carne asana... NO lettuce! We couldn't believe it! I have never seen a taco so dry and stingy. It felt like the stuff was being weighed by the ounce! Look at my pictures if you don't believe how gross they are! There are other foods in the food court here at MGM. Go eat at the others ones! They are so much better. Also, everything here costs extra... and its super expensive too!  Something standard and simple as sour cream costs extra... and it was $1 for a tiny scoop! I will never never ever eat at this place again! Not only was it bad food, but it was terrible service AND expensive! If I could give this place negative stars, I would!!This place is located inside of the MGM Food Court. The people who rated this place more than two stars must not know good mexican food. First of all they were very slow workers didnt seem to have a sense of urgency. The burritos are overpriced for a tiny scoop of meat and every topping besides cheese and lettuce cost extra. For one carne asada (steak) burrito it cost me $13.75 and thats with no drink oh and they dont have cups of water only bottled water for $3.75! sorry but I am not paying that much for water when i had a bunch in my hotel room. So then i sit down and try to enjoy my expensive burrito and it was the most BLAH tasting burrito i have ever had. I woulnt recommend this place to anyone if you want good flavorful and fair priced mexican food i would go somewhere else.Note: this was the Tacos N Ritas at the Venetian hotel food court.  The counter worker was nice.  We got an enchilada plate with rice/beans, and a taco plate with rice/beans, an order of chips with guacamole, and two regular-sized margaritas with an extra shot in each.  Total was $62.  OK, Vegas, right.  But the food was a big FAIL. Taco and enchi were average.  Beans (black or pinto, no refrieds) were flavorless.  Rice was just plain white rice (no tomato or onion or any flavoring), with some grains hard/dried.  It bore no resemblance to what the rest of the world knows as Spanish rice or Mexican rice, it was just poorly cooked white rice.  The guac was fine, but came in a tiny cup, approx 1/3 cup.  Basket of chips might have been the worst ever.  Not only flavorless, but the texture -- each chip was partially soft/chewy and partially hard. Maybe they were made/bought a few days ago, then left out to get stale, then nuked or something?  I don't know.  But really, really, DON'T waste your time/money.  If you are at the Venetian, try the Grand Lux Cafe, a few steps away, you'll get delicious food for about the same amount of $$.Horrible service.  They try to nickel and dime you.    Chicken portions are extremely meager.  When I asked for a normal size portion of chicken, they tried to add an additional $2.   The staff is extremely rude.  Don't ever come here.We had a Groupon for 24 oz margaritas which was awesome until we drank them and felt nothing. I don't think there was even a shot of tequila in there. Waste of money.Went here last week with my brother, sister-in-law, and husband. We stopped by the MGM Grand food court for breakfast and all settled on trying their breakfast burritos. WORST DECISION EVER! The eggs were watery, they put way too much sour cream on it. The bacon was kind of tasteless. They wanted to charge 3.00 extra for potatoes. It ran us total over 50 dollars and none of us could finish it. It was that gross. We honestly should have just ate at McDonalds and saved a few bucks. Lesson learned.This was not what I expected for "Mexican" food. The pork was very sweet and did not taste the way carnitas should. The taco bowl was not toasted for me, but was toasted for the customer before me. The service was inconsistent and I will not be going back.So we read a lot of reviews saying that their portions are huge and 'two people can share' or 'there is no way you will leave hungry', but now I know that is totally not true. I am a small girl (~115lbs) and even I could have eaten 2 burrito bowls. We were hungry from walking around and really disappointed about how small their portions are. They served us a burrito bowl in a container made for small side salads. We would have ordered their burritos instead of the burrito bowls but tortillas are also made using lard (gross) instead of other healthier options. If you have been walking a lot and are actually hungry, your $12 would be better spent somewhere else.$35 for two food court burritos.  Ordering was having the counter person yell at you.  Like  Chipotle except the food sucks.    The pork was sweet and gross and the steak tasteless.  Plain rice and bland beans,  bland salsa and other toppings. Worst burrito I can remember.Don't waste your time and money.  Horrible, over priced food! I ordered the steak(ok) burrito, with black beans (bland), lime rice(awful awful awful), and cheese. There is a $1 upcharge for a spoonful of regular salsa. (That's like charging $1 for ketchup when you order fries) The margaritas are a joke, I don't think there was any alcohol in ours. I can't believe this horrible place is located in the MGM Grand.Literally discussing, coming from California I know good Mexican food and this was anything but authentic. Their barbacoa is way to sweet with a teriyaki taste and their hot sauce literally tastes like tostitos brand chip salsa. Don't order the guacamole it taste like powder mix guac. Honestly run for the hills I rather eat tacobell.Like if a chipotle burrito was made out of garbage - it's bland and flavorless but at least it's grossly overpriced. Everything costs extra, even SOUR CREAM. Your best bet in this hellish food court is the fast food because you will at least get what you expect (although again, insanely marked up).Horrible Custmer service from the Ass-sant manager. She is horrible to all that were waiting line.  She never made eye contact. She yelled for the NEXT CUSTOMER. never once looked up just kept ask what what what do you want. We will never go to this Rita Tacos. The food had no flavor. Just like their service.This place is worse than Taco Bell. Located in the food court of MGM, this wannabe Chipotle had the worst possible food and service. I unfortunately got the carne asada quesedilla which tasted like rubber. The food was beyond bland and had a weird texture to it that I barely even finished my first bite. As for the service, I was dumb enough to stand around at the register while the employees looked like they were running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Even if you were blacked-out drunk looking for something to eat, you would have better luck going to the McDonald's in the food court.Walked a mile into the casino to get my drink with my Groupon and the workers closed shop an hour early!  The three unprofessional workers told me their website isn't updated with their new earlier closing time amd they refused to honor my voucher. My vacation was carefully planned out so I dont have the time avaiable to go back to use the voucher so I'm out  $20!This place doesn't close at midnight.  I got there today at 11:02 pm and the said they close today at 11pm. I wanted to purchase two margaritas and the Manager said "no, it's too late." Don't waste you're time here, for two minutes late you wont get service.What a bummer!!!!Saw on Yelp and online that they closed at 12:00 when they actually close at 11:00 during the week, I got there at 11:02 and the manager wouldn't let me purchase my margarita voucher I believe his name was Armando or Eduardo.$30 for a sugar drink with virtually NO ALCOHOL -- STAY AWAY!!!This review is not for the food--it is only for the "Margaritas."After I ordered 2 of the 32 ounce Margaritas, the cashier asked, "Do you want to buy an extra shot of alcohol for the margaritas?"What she SHOULD have asked was, "Would you like to buy a shot of alcohol for your Margaritas," because neither of them appear to have had ANY alcohol in them. If they did contain alcohol, it had to be a shot or less per 32 ounce margarita, which is a crime when they cost almost $30 a piece.I'm looking for an official Tacos N' Ritas website where they describe what goes into the Margaritas, but I can't find one, so I guess I can't claim that they're lying...BUT what they ARE doing is taking advantage of all of the Las Vegas visitors who they know probably won't waste what little time they have to come back and try to make any kind of official complaint.Doesn't taste good.  Had burrito with sour cream and gauc with a soda.  Cost $17.  Spend the extra money and go to a better spot.Nastiest tacos I've ever had. The grease was unbelievable. When I went to go ask for new ones they said it was just juice. NO! ITS GREASE! Then when they finally replace the tacos they asked for my whole plate with the rice and beans on it, they threw away the rice and beans and then gave me back a plate with only tacos. Really? Don't waste your time going here. It's a rip off and the food is disgusting. Service of course was just as bad.This place is absolutely ridiculous. walked around the hotel for a half hour looking for it and when I finally found it they had no margaritas. How the hell do you call yourself Tacos and ritas if you don't have margaritas? Plus the staff was rude.On our last day at Mandalay Bay Convention Center, we hadn't eaten since breakfast and needed a little bite to eat so I found the food court outside the convention hall near the Shark Reef attraction. I ordered two burgers and learned that they do not just sell burgers. You have to get a burger with fries. Everything is so overpriced! The burgers sadly, were quite undercooked. I ate some parts of the perimeter of the burger but couldn't eat anywhere near the center. It was gross. It was such a long walk to go back to the food court from where our booth was, so we just said screw it and threw it away.  $29 and change for two undercooked burgers, fries and one sprite. Yucka!Don't really know where to begin. I guess I'll start by saying the service is ridiculously slow! It took forever for me to get a burger and drink. Even standing in the line waiting it took forever for me to get my food ordered. When it was finally my turn the cashier just walks away leaving me waiting there. Then after a few minutes she decides to grace me with her presence and just take my order! How sweet of her right? Anyways I order and I wait another 10 minutes for my food. Well it must have sat there because the burger was cold and it tasted like crap to boot. Then about an hour later I felt a nasty rumbling in my stomach and had to book it to the bathroom. That was the first thing I had eaten that day so there was nothing else that could have caused that. For the burger and drink it set me back $13.00. I am sure that for some it is a good place to get a quick cheaper bite to eat in Vegas but for me it's not.This place gets 1 star for location. The food is premade as they get busy during lunch time. The only thing warm are the fries. You're order comes out too quickly (they don't even try to hide the fact that the food is premade).Overall, a horrible representation Jonny Rockets! :-(Where's the beef. This was my first time eating at Johnny Rockets. I ordered the Rocket cheeseburger. The hamburger patty came in pieces that didn't even cover half the bun. The burger had no sauce and was horrible. Stay away from this location if you want a decent meal.You would think for the price they could get the order correct. Really? $2 for a piece of cheese added to a burger that was already overpriced. You have lots of other choices in the immediate area. Choose something else. And from now on I will consult Yelp before before ordering. Quality is nothing special.Saw some decent reviews for this place and since I love Raising Cane's but was staying at the MGM Grand, figured I'd try OCT.  Well, it was a bit of a disappointment.  The chicken was way overdone and dried out. The sauce was not special and tangy enough for my tastes and the fries were pitiful and soggy.  Terrible experience so the next day I took a cab to Raising Canes and that hit the spot.Terrible service from this old fart that works there, worst service ever! Do not go here!***unsafe to eat here****i have to give a star in order to post this.. Old man I guess is the manager, is rude when I approached the counter with the bacon cheese fry for my son and the fork was broken with a piece missing, he aggressively asked me "what's your problem?" When I addressed the situation, which I was very calm about he made it seem like it was the end of the world. And him and the girl behind the counter told me the red forks break all the time.. Even before they go into the food, and no one ever complains about it. (I can't believe they know this happens and they don't do anything about it)I wasn't trying to ask for a hand out. The WHOLE large fry was still there, when he ripped it out of my hand and threw it behind the counter and told me after I told them that I was concerned about my child eating pieces of plastic. That I guess they're going to have to make me a new one, when I responded ok and stood by the wall to wait, he yelled how I can't just have one I'm going to have to wait for them to cook it. I responded ok, then he started like pacing and gave me one of those square buzzers when your foods done, and told me to go sit down. I will never go to this place again, and I urge you all to beware of this place. I love Nathan's I'm a New Yorker and I love their hot dogs, however this place needs to be under new management and get rid of this guy. Before he sees a cent of my money again. Don't go here. *****This place is unsafe to eat****This is the worst hotel i have been to.  The motel is still being fixed when i went there and they seem to have a decent reviews. However, we barely survived that day. We were grateful the roof didn't fall down on us.  I think i would rather paid more for something better. Don't trust other reviewsby far the worst hotel iv been in. plz do yourself a fav and if your forced to have to stay in the area like us, just go sleep at the airport. i feel so bad for having my wife stay here. i went and bought her a beach towel to lay on and a blanket to sleep with.. il let the pics speak for theirselves.. o yea, the socks were clean and after about 25/30 mins. of walking around on the floor, i made her throw them away... worst room i ever stayed inDon't, just don't go here.I made the mistake of scheduling a flight with a 12 hour layover in Charlotte. I found the cheapest motel for the night and got less than I paid for, which means this place was reeeaaally bad. The only perks were that the place has a free airport shuttle and a crappy breakfast.The worst part about the room was the smell. The air was sultry and musty in our room. In smelled like someone ate a rotten fungus and puked it back up, then let it rot for another week. My girlfriend has asthma, so she had trouble breathing the night. Furthermore, the towels in the bathroom were dirty. After my gf took a shower, we had to take a towel from our baggage to dry ourselves since theirs were so gross.The breakfast was really crappy cereal and milk, some super cheap donuts, and waffles. The waffles were pretty decent. This place also had the worst coffee I've ever drunk.One more thing. The wi-fi really sucks, so don't expect to get a good connection.Pay more for something better, or just don't stay overnight in Charlotte.DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!Absolutely the worst customer service!!! I booked via hotels.com for $41 per night. I arrived to check in at 12pm, which I only wanted to drop my bags off, and they wanted to charge me $10 extra. Then I returned at 3pm to check in, I was asked how many people. I replied 2 adults, 2 children. They pointed out that my reservation was only for 1 adult. I attempted to explain to the male manager/owner that there must have been a mistake with the app, and immediately the female manager/owner(same lady that tried to charge me $10 extra earlier) jumped in the conversation with the nastiest attitude...in politely let her know that I wasn't speaking to her and that I didn't appreciate her rudeness...I continued explaining to them that even if I had reservation for 2 adults or 2 adults and 2 kids, that the price would be the same....she continued arguing with me telling me that I would have to pay $10 extra per person per night($30 per night). I offered to show them on the app how the price would not change...she continued shouting and being rude even though I never raised my voice. After speaking with hotels.com I was refunded my full amount and I was able to book at Days Inn Northlake for the same price with no problems...if you must stay near here go across the street to Redroof which has much nicer rooms but book via hotels.com to get the better rate, many of these places charge double if you book in person vs online.I booked this hotel thru Hotels.com, when we went in there the two men at the desk were very rude they were eating popcorn and talking there language I did not know what they were saying. So a lady came up and said that our room was cancelled and that the card was declined we said it could not be declined because hotel.com paid it in full. The lady was very rude she said that she was very busy and she had to cancel 10 rooms. Hotels.com refunded our money back and booked us in another hotel. I would never stay here.The only reason a person would stay in this motel is to utilize the 24/7 airport shuttle; however, the shuttle service does not actually run 24/7. On my return trip, I called right before the last leg of my trip to confirm the shuttle would come pick me up upon my landing at CLT, but upon actually landing at CLT, they then said they would not come pick me up. I had to spend $20 on a cab to get back to the motel. The motel itself is pretty gross so it's a terrible option to stay here knowing that the shuttle service is so unreliable.You have to give at least one star in order to write a review, not cool.Pro's

Now - today is Thurs 7/31... I woke up late, and was getting ready for work when I hear my dogs start going nuts.  It takes me a few minutes, but I go to the door and see a Cox truck parked out front... and the guy (presumably this Joe character) - looks like he is getting ready to leave.  Again - DOESN'T CALL, DOESN'T KNOCK... NOTHING.  I wasn't even AWARE of an appointment today, and if I hadn't by pure chance been late for work today - I would have missed him again!!!  So he asks me to open the gate out back and tells me he's going to flush out the conduit.

special. You do not to email me. We will continue to run specials to

NOT GOOD AT ALL!!!!!!I've come here a few times, but they seem to have dropped the quality of their food dramatically since the new year and it really ruined the experience of dinning here.. Would not recommend!Don't use a credit card at this place.  The food was fine and the waitress was nice.  It was my fault for forgetting my credit card there after paying the bill. However, when I got it back the next morning someone at the restaurant had charged $800 of electronics equipment to it.  When I called the restaurant manager to let him know, I barely even got an apology.  The bank is taking care of the fraudulent charges, but Carmine's did not seem to care at all.  This was not our first visit to this restaurant, but if this is how little they value repeat customers, it was definitely our last.  You lost us Carmine's.Had an early dinner here tonight. First time in here since it was Instant Replay. Had the pizza which was decent, everyone else agreed their meal was decent, what wasn't decent was the service. Our server took our order then wasn't to be found again until our meal was almost done. The runners were the ones bringing our food/drinks. Ordered apple juice for our two year old (which a runner had to come back and let us know they didn't have), then settled on OJ which came in a beer mug, glass, for our two year old....they had a kids menu, but apparently no kid-friendly cups. Since our server wasn't around I had to get up myself to get some condiments. We were brought our appetizer but no plates to eat it on. Service was shoddy. Food and prices weren't so great that we can simply overlook terrible service (our server later came by to ask if she could take the check so she could close out since she was tired and had been there since breakfast). Nice. Fail Carmine! Never again.TERRIBLE!  I called to make a reservation for 35 people (soccer team) and they said they'd have the area ready for us.  I called to let them know that we were on our way and was told "sorry, we can't accommodate you".  I informed then that all the parents were on their way and was told by the manager, "what do you want me to do, we can't accommodate you.  Your only option is to pay $15 per person for a banquet style dinner and sit in our banquet room."  This is unacceptable after being told that they'd accommodate us AND having the WHOLE team make their way to the restaurant.  We ended up at Napoli Pizzeria, right across the street and it was AWESOME!  They said, "come down and we'll figure it out!  At the last minute, with no reservation!!!  The service and the food were great at an amazing price!  None of our families will be making trips to Carmine's in the future!Buyer beware if your gambling at the bar and you're winning your drinks are not free. Plus I order dinner as well so what I'm saying is the server should warn you that the drinks are not free. I will never go backThis place was horrible!  The pizza was so bad I had to spit it out... I also ordered the chopped salad, not only was the salad chopped to nothing, the balsamic dressing was not good.We''ve been sitting here at a table in the bar for 30 mins, 2:45 pm. Watched the bartender texting, gabbing, and hugging one of the customers.  She finally took our order.  Only 12 people here.  Seriously crappy service.  We use to love this place.  Would not recommend this now.  The food is still good though.I moved here based on a School Zone dispute. I found that GVHS fit my daughter's needs. But I digress. I had to move here on short notice. I stayed out of pure laziness. This place did clean up their act, as far as, a group of some really bad tenants a few years ago.  The ladies in the office are nice. However, the fees have really gone up based on "the market". The owners fail to see that the market is based on newer nicer apartments in the area with amenities like basketball courts, full length pools, tennis courts, indoor track lighting; these other apartments have new gym equipment vs. 1970s equipment, parking additional parking rental, or storage, etc. If you look down the street a ways you will find some new apartments or houses for near the same price. The other places also offer office use.  This place has roof leaks and poor ventilation for heating or cooling. This place is 3 - 5 years away from dump status but they do effectively "band aid" all the issues. Also, they do allow dogs.  So, if you need to be close to the school and need a place for your dog...sure put this place on your list. But, make it second on that list (at best) if you can help it.My family and I moved in last February 2015. We had so many issues with leaks and old appliances. Our washer broke and flooded twice and flooded the laundry room, bathroom and into the hallway. Instead of replacing our washer with new equipment they cut corners and use old equipment out of different apartments and where they store their old refurbished equipment. Our dryer broke and they did the samething. Our air-condioner leaked all over the carpet 3 times. Our unit outside ran out of free-on multiple times through the summer. Our NV energy bill was $280 for a 1100 square foot apartment. We came home to a roach problem and they blamed us for it. They claimed that we got roaches because we left our garbage outside. You don't get roaches from that. They replaced our fridge (that's where the roaches were nesting) with an old dirty fridge from a vacant apartment. Our sinks leaked, carpet was old and our doors had putty on the holes from previous Tennants. Before our lease was up, we had our last leak and the office manager told us that we weren't going to pay for the carpet since we had so many problems. Well, we ended up paying for it and a door that was puttied from a previous hole from previous Tennants. They used up all of our deposit and where we owe them. SAVE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT MOVE INTO THOSE APARTMENTS! So many more in that area and district that are newer with nicer amenities and you won't be stuck with huge energy bills because they are too cheap to replace their appliances with new ones. They'll stick you with the bill. The carpet hadn't been replaced since 2011 and they made us pay for it. Sneaky, lying office girls! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND STAY AWAY!I wouldn't even give this place one star. Ok so in 2013 my husband and I purchased a sectional and a rocking chair. There was suppose to be four black pillows and one blue pillow. Received only three blue. We payed over 2200 for all. It's been about over a year and all the seams are coming out! The sectional is falling apart. I wasn't going to do a review on them until I called them recently to ask what they could do?? I emailed them and sent pictures and they responded that they do not cover seams after a year. Seriously your telling me that I pay that much money for the couch to only last a year.  I would never buy another piece of furniture from them again! They may have discounted prices but that goes with cheap furniture. Don't waist your time!Stay away from this place it's the worst quality of furniture I've ever purchased in my life. I've had a sectional less than 4 years and already had to get a new one.. Costco is such a better alternative there fast talkers tell you you have 10 year warranty. It's just B.S JUST STAY ... DONT THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY...Not an honest place.  They charged me $1200 to fix my air compressor and told me they put in a new one.  Less than a year later I had to get it fixed again. This time it was fixed for $800 at a different shop.  They told me the one that was put in was not new but a rebuilt one that was cleaned up to look new.  Avoid this place and other automotive places that try to rip people off because they don't know any better.  You will notice I usually only go on to make good reviews but the automotive repair industry needs to be exposed until they stop trying to take advantage of people.Worst Auto repair shop ever! I paid them $1300 to repair an oil leak. It did never leak again. That's because they neglected to put oil back in the car and blew up the motor! Thanks Mark. Went there on a recommendation from one of my clients. I won't be recommending this place to anyone, ever! I'm taking him to small claims court.New battery kept dying.. Took it in.  Mark said there was a short somewhere but couldn't find it.  He decided taking out the courtesy light and perhaps installing a "battery brain" for $250+ would fix the prob.  No thanks.  Car in the shop a week for this brilliant diagnosis.  Five days later the battery died again at a busy intersection.  A very nice man towed me out of harm's way and proceeded to give me a jump..he immediately discovered the battery was not fully connected...no problems since.  A waste of time and money.. Save yours.Not so Honest I had to get my truck towed into

Ambiance - OkWorth the money - NoIn one word: inedible. I generally avoid chain restaurants that feel the need to advertise on television. I didn't want to go but we were meeting some people in the area who were at the Jazz Fest. Unfortunately, this area is largely a black hole for decent places to eat unless you want to venture down to Chinatown.  Because of its convenient location overlooking Place Des Arts, it draws a lot of the tourist/festival crowd and I can only imagine that this is the only way it can stay in business (but that doesn't explain why Baton Rouge is a fairly successful Quebec chain). I've never had worse "cajun" food (fake cajun)  from the appetizer nachos that came accompanied with a vile looking and even worse tasting garlic dip to the rubbery ribs, overcooked steaks, dripping-with-grease sandwiches, and soggy french fries. Alas, the food is so bad, it made me regret passing by the St. Hubert chicken place right down the street (which is bad but not THAT bad). The sad thing is: for the same price you can actually eat at a decent restaurant.This is a chain that is way overpriced with poor to moderate quality food.  The salad with chicken I had was horrible.  My husband's seared tuna seemed rancid. It was a huge waste of money.Came 3 days ago and still waiting for the food!!!!!!!!!!!!! The food wasn't that great and just spend whole lot of money for no reason.. After waiting for the food which took almost 30 mins..If this is your favourite restaurant, you need to get out more. We had ribs and Amarillo chicken - the ribs were the blandest ribs I've ever had, and my Amarillo chicken tasted like a piece of chicken had been thrown in the oven, with a slice of processed cheese dumped on top. The seasoned vegetables were 3 sprigs of broccoli, 2 pieces of mini corn and 1 carrot stick. The service was helpful where possible, but they had far too many tables to look after to provide real service. We had to flag down the server every time.This is a steak house that does not know how to cook a steak. I ordered a rare prime rib, and it came out pink. When I complained they told me it was a "roast beef" and that this was as good as it gets. Not a good sign for the chef if he cant even cook a prime rib.Blindsided. Place is expensive. I live in Bklyn and my drink here at Bâton Rouge was $15 and my forgettable burger was $15. Never again. At Coppelia's in NYC I can get a juicy, seasoned burger WITH pork for $8.59 and a strong drink for $11.00 and that's on West 14th Street! SMH. Tourist trap.After 7 hours of driving my stomach canceled out my brain.You're getting ripped off at Baton Rouge these days. Higher prices for less food. AND no more cheese bread! I've had my last meal there! Go eat elsewhere, there's no more value or quality there.Oh my goodness! We were disgusted in this place. The plates smelled horrendous, the food was so awful we didn't even finish it and asked for the check immediately. We simply tried this place out of convenience and basically were robbed of our time and money. I'm quite sure one of my family members is sick as a result. The ribs are all bone, the marination is not tasty and carries a terrible after taste. The salad was wilted and dry, how awful. We immediately felt bad as we attempted to try the French fries. How is this restaurant even in business ? So disappointing. Wash your dishes ! And learn to cook...I've been here twice and both times had terrible experiences. I went last week with my boyfriend and wasn't impressed. The food was either bland, chewy to the point where I couldn't eat it, soggy, or just plain gross. He got the Baton Rouge burger that came with one lone, sad looking piece of bacon. They brought him the burger before we had even gotten our appetizer, and then picked it up again and delivered it to a different table. We weren't super impressed by that. We agreed that if someone else wanted to go we would go again, but never on our own. A couple days later I was meant to go with three friends. Two of the friends happen to use wheelchairs. I had called days in advance to make reservations, asking them to note that we needed a table that could accommodate two people who use wheelchairs. All this means is we can't use a booth, and they need to take away two chairs. Should be easy. We showed up for our six o'clock reservation and were told the only table available could only accommodate one person in a wheelchair, and they wanted the other to leave their wheelchair. We refused and pointed out that they should have reserved a table that could accommodate our party like we requested, or told me on the phone that they are unable to accommodate. We agreed to wait for an available table. At 6:20 they said another table was available, but there were reservations at seven so we had to be done by then. We left and will never be going back. We went next door to St. Hubert, where they had zero problems seating us.Came on a Saturday at 630. Waited half an hour until we were seated near the bar which was fine. We were just hungry so it didn't matter where we sat.JUST TO SET THE SCENE: by now it's 7pm. Happy Hour is over so the place is not that packed. Empty tables here and there. The waitress gave us our menu and water and left. The menu was in french so we asked her for English ones. She took the French ones and never returned. We waited a good 15 minute until we had to ask the bustboy to get us menus which she did promptly.It took another 15 minute for the waitress to come and take our orders. We got the prime rib and the lobster risotto. The food came out very fast surprisingly.The prime rib was a decent piece. No complaints.

The pump, is it dual voltage so it can be used in Europe?- " yes it is dual voltage no problems there"

We were there about 20 mins until our food was served. We got no water or even the drink ordered.

- This place is OLD. The counters are so ugly and the carpet in my unit was in bad shape.

4. There was also Rainforest Cafe, where after waiting forever to be seated, we were told by our server he would be "right with us" only to wait over an additional 10 minutes to have our drink order taken. Then only 3 of our 4 meals came out together. I was left waiting 5 extra minutes for mine. The choice was for everyone else at the table to allow their food to get cold waiting for mine, or be half finished when mine arrived. Not a mention the server spilled root beer on my husband when refilling a cup. Totally worth the $120 we paid for the meal.5.The buffet. Wow. My husband went to use the restroom right after we were seated to wash his hands, & was directed out of the buffet, by a buffet employee, to a men's room on the casino floor. Upon his return the other employees at the front of the buffet weren't going to allow him back in, after we had JUST paid, & gave him a very bad attitude about the situation. Luckily the gentleman who had directed him out to the restroom to begin with noticed & came over to clear it up so he could eat the meal he paid for. I almost wish he hadn't. We both ended up with immediate stomach issues from the buffet & I ended up with terrible stomach cramps, vomiting, a headache...full blown food poisoning for days afterward.6. Then there was the issue of the sink & the toilet in the room. After running the water in the sink for more than a few seconds a sewer smell emanated out of the drain & then it would make a gurgling sound. That made me gag when brushing my teeth. The toilet had a sewer like smell whenever it was flushed as well.

This is the first time I can recall demanding a refund on any service rendered to me.

Once we got our food, the portions were sparse and the names were deceiving at best. The "rustic" potatoes were scarcely seasoned at all and appeared to have little more than salt and pepper and a sprinkling of thyme or some herb on them. Most of our food was cold (granted, the party was large) and some of it wasn't even available (a huge sign in the window advertised Latte!, which was not being served today because the machine was broken). Several people's toast was burnt.

-Long wait-Will never return!

The chicken:  Rubbery on the inside, tough on the outside but with no sear whatsoever on this "pan-seared" chicken.  I'm not even sure how to achieve this texture... steaming? Microwaved?The bread:  Toasted sourdough.  Half inch thick slices of hard, toasted bread saturated with butter or some kind of oil.  The thickness of the bread made it very difficult to eat.  Diagonal slices, please.  The roof of my mouth thanks you in advance.The accoutrements:  While technically there, the bacon, avocado, butter lettuce and cheddar toppings were not present in sufficient quantity to contribute anything to the taste of the sandwich, really unfortunate; it was this combination of toppings that actually drew me to the sandwich.  The chipotle mayo added a nice hint of smokiness, and was the only positive part of the experience.DESPITE the truly mediocre food, the service has been fantastic here every time I've gone.  The servers seem genuinely apologetic about the food and very knowledgeable about the beers they DO have that might be SIMILAR to what I actually wanted.Suffice to say, I likely won't go back here again.  Maybe, just maaaybe for a beer if I'm joining friends, but when it comes to food you can do MUCH better literally anywhere else.We ordered the poutine. No gravy and was flavorless! Beer pretzels were gross!!! Ran out of Caesar dressing so couldn't get a salad. Bottom line, don't come here for the food. Just the beer and cute wait staff.My boyfriend and I went to Cooper's for a late supper (10:00 on a Sunday night) a couple weeks ago, and didn't want to bother a server with a table that late, so we took a seat at the bar where we got the worst service I have ever had.The bartender (and I believe shift manager from the looks of it) was absolutely hammered. Throughout the night he spilled multiple drinks and broke at least a dozen glasses. He was loud and obnoxious and was making multiple diners uncomfortable from the looks of it. He was incredibly rude to my boyfriend and I from the second we sat down. Since it was late, I guess he just assumed that we were only there for drinks, but we had to ask him for menus twice before he gave them to us. We then had to ask a server who was stopping by the bar to close out his shift if he could put our order in for us since the bartender didn't seem to care what we wanted to eat.When we did get our food we were very impressed. I got the Rachel sandwich, and my boyfriend the steak frites. Both of which were outstanding. The quality of the food makes me feel sort of bad for giving only 1 star, but the service was just appalling.To end out the night, we once again had to flag down the distracted bartender to get a take-out box, which I thought was a signal that we were ready to leave, but then had to wait literally over 30 minutes between getting the box and getting our check from yet another server, not the bartender who was supposed to be waiting on us, but was instead just standing there. I feel bad that we won't be going there again, because there are plenty more dishes on the menu that I would like to try, but if they choose to employ people with such terrible customer service and portray their restaurant as a place for obnoxious drunks to work, it is not a place that I want to spend much time.Went to this place today and all was okay until the end. We were accidentally charged twice for a drink. Not a big deal, we spoke with the manager (owner?) and explained the situation. This person then insisted that we needed to calm down and eventually escalated the conversation to the point of asking me to leave the establishment. Immediately. As I was being escorted out, he told me, and I quote, "f*** off. Learn some f***ing manners". Never did I or anyone in my group even raise our voice, much less swear. I believe he needs to take a bit of his own advice and treat customers with some respect. I cannot believe the treatment we received. I will never be returning to Cooper's Tavern.Worst experience ever tonight! Came here for dinner at 9 p.m., we were told the late night menu started a bit early, which we found acceptable. We sat outside and ordered our drinks and food at the same time, roughly at 9:10 p.m. At 10 p.m. we were told our food was given to the wrong table with the exact same order and  ours would be here ASAP. As of right now, 10:25 p.m., we still have no food. Our food order was simple Reuben and a medium well burger, neither should take more than 25 minutes. To end it all, we still had to seek out our server to cancel our food, as we had to leave... and we got an apology and a bill for our drinks. Given our experience, I am surprised that they gave us a bill at all.Thank you for the worst experience ever in 10 plus  years I've lived in Madison.BEWARE!! They food poisoned me, I had 6 hours of agonizing pain, cold sweats, diarrhea and nausea.I'm allergic to milk; no its not a sensitivity or lactose intolerance, it's a full on allergy. I made the waitress aware, even though I triple checked with her and sent my food back when I saw it had a dairy based dressing on it, they still managed to poison me. They put cheese in my sandwich and it was melted in so I couldn't see it until I was 3/4 through it.When I found out I alerted the waitress and she spoke with the owner. The coward hide in the back and they told her to give me the sandwich for free. Gee thanks a free $10 sandwich in exchange for 6 hours of hell. Sure not everyone has an allergy and I deal with this a lot. But think on this, if they don't take a potentially life threatening situation seriously, what else don't they take seriously? Food safety, cleanliness? Who knows.. Food safety is serious and it's important for everyone, we can all get food poisoning. Don't eat here, the owner clearly doesn't care if their patrons are hurt by their food.I'll preface this review by stating that I was here with a large group and I understand how those can be a challenge for a restaurant. Still, it never ceases to amaze me how restaurants can understaff when they know well in advance that they have a large party coming. There must've been at least 50 patrons in the upstairs room and the restaurant only had two servers for the entire group. To put it in perspective, we arrived at 7 PM and started ordering from the limited menu chosen by the restaraunt. It was 9:15 PM before we finally received our entrées. Everyone in our party was so ready to leave, that we simply skipped dessert.The waitstaff, who were obviously overwhelmed, were simply just blah. Maybe they figured they had their mandatory tip for large parties sewed up and no extra effort was necessary.As far as the food goes, well it was average at best. There was not one item on the preselected menu that I found appetizing. I pleaded with my waitress to let me just get a hamburger and she refused. Honestly, I should've gotten up and walked downstairs and ordered a hamburger Avoid this place unless mediocrity is what you seek.This place is a heart attack in a box. Waygu everything..bacon..cheese..fried. How about a simpler chicken breast, a turkey sandwich or a non aggressively fat burger choice?  Even the salads were loaded with cheese and/or lardons.I visited on the 4th of July, when most places were closed except The Coopers Tavern. The place was full, but not so crazy that there was a wait or anything. They told me up front that their kitchen was slammed and they has a limited menu, which consisted of about 6 items. I ordered an Amy's Salad, which was spinach, cranberries, walnuts, apples, pears, and a sort of fried cheese. The apples and pears were tiny strips and there were only a few of them. I saw another plate come out as I was finishing that was piled high. Guess some of mine were on there? Service was fast and like other reviewers have said, the servers are nice... The food is just a total rip-off. I spent $15 and am looking for another place to eat on the way back to my hotel because I'm still hungry.The food here is hit and miss. When they miss they miss big!I have eaten here on several occasions. The food is usually good but have had some bad experiences. We kept giving them the benefit of the doubt and going back because it is so close and bring your own wine. The meal we had there on the weekend will be our last.I visited Meatballz several weeks ago before a night at the movies. All I can say is that the Calzone crust was obviously made out of Pillsbury's Hot Roll Mix and dry out of the box tortellini is not what I expected for nearly $9 for a small bowl. Never returning.Where do I begin....no one was in the places when we arrived. Not that it matters but sometimes it makes me wonder if no one is here is the food really that good? We ordered the food - chicken tortellini, Italian Hero, and kids cheese pizza. After telling the order taker 3 times what we wanted she still rang it up wrong. We proceeded to our table and waited about 5-10 mins for our food well some of it anyway. Pizza & tortellini arrive but not my sub. Everything is premade or frozen food. Nothing fresh! I waited about 10 mins more for my sub then had to remind them. Needless to say we left after a few bites of my "bread" sandwich. Probably won't be back here again!!! Oh ya all for $28!I love balls!!! Meat that is!!! So I was excited to try Meatballz. My husband and I went on a Friday night around 7:30 and the place was empty. I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs so I would have the opportunity to try their namesake item and what they are supposed to be so famous for. The husband got an Italian sammich of some sort.When I got my pasta, I was surprised. The menu said "spaghetti and meatballs (plural) and in the middle of my pasta sat one little lonely old meatball. There was a lot of pasta, but there was one puny little meatball! WTF? To top it off, the meatball wasn't even very good. Nothing impressive in my book, no flavor, and to be honest, I have had frozen meatballs that were better. The husband was not a fan of his sammich either. The bread was way too crusty and hard and it was pretty small for the price. This place is a total loser and I am almost positive they will go under. They are not welcome in our community!Before visiting Meatballz, I thought the other negative reviewers were being harsh. They weren't.. I ordered the half meatball sandwich and soup combo. They said they couldn't fill the order because on Sundays they usually use their leftover Saturday bread and they didn't have much extra because it was Halloween and they got slammed earlier in the day and were out. So I said fine, and ordered the penne and chicken 'parmesan' instead. It was terrible. The chicken was a fake chicken breast with fake grill marks and was tough when chewing. One bite was more than enough. The parmesan was melted rubbery cheese. And the penne was straight out of the box and the marinara was watery & disgusting. I am not overly sensitive, but I write this now with a very nauseous feeling.My wife's meatball sliders were straight out of the freezer and into the microwave. NOthing against the cooks, they obviously just get the frozen drivel out of the cooler and nuke it for a minute. Actually, the cooks were the best part of the experience, since they actually had to serve us our food and also the guy waiting for his takeout...because the only girl working was outside talking to the only other customers for 15-20 minutes.....and that's not an exaggeration. Not to mention, two tables of food (one untouched), sat there the entire time without being cleared.We won't be back, and honestly, I am not sure how this place has lasted so long with food, service and management this poor. Steer clear.Pickup some T-Bones steaks that were on sale..............NOT GOOD VERY TOUGH.. Not worth the money on sale.The pharmacy at this location is horrible and they do not care about their customers. I recently dropped off a narcotic prescription at 10:45, I was told it would take 2 hours and to come back at 12:45. I came back at 1:20 to pick it up and was told that it was still not ready and to try coming back around 2:00. First, I think it is extremely unprofessional of the pharmacy to keep telling customers to come back later after they are given a time. If you are telling your customers that your prescription will be ready at such time, then it is your responsibility to make sure that happens. There has to be some semblance of order when putting together prescriptions. I use to be a pharmacy tech and I know that sometimes other people get pushed ahead of others. But continuously telling people to come back every 45 minutes to an hour and maybe your prescription will be done is completely off base and unfair to your customers. Fry's should train their pharmacy techs and pharmacists how to manage their time and how to actually tell time because it is obvious they only do what they want and not have any concern over their customers. Horrible pharmacy, try to go to Walgreens instead.Again this Fry's needs new management at the Deli counter. The service is so slow with customer service and the ladies don't get it right when measuring/slicing the meat at the counter. They never pay attention. I stop a manager a couple times and pointed out the problem and it seem they are not getting it due to the fact you come back the next week and it the same old problem.Well I used to like this store. Lots more product than the other one close by. But I am afraid the customer service clerk today tues 11-24-15 has just ruined my happy shopping trip there. She was unhappy to be at work, reading at the station.. "The star "I think..  She could not have been ruder if She tried. Is this why she is in the corner? You might try a job without people for her.. She does not like them a sneering, better than you attitude.. Must nit think very well of herself hair stringy and hanging. , glasses a bit dirty ( yes I could see that across the counter)

Location is perfect, but we will never want to return and now we are spreading the message. It is NOT only the unfriendly environment, but also the cleanliness of this place. The carpets stink, the rooms were not cleaned and also stunk. In addition, there was throw up around outdoor in elevator that lasted over 24 hours!!!! Very poor customer service at front counters and cleanliness. We rate the place LESS than a Star!!!!Good location but the hotel needs to be updated and the rooms need to be remodeled.  I think that the hotel is over priced and would chose a different spot next trip.  Day 1 checked in the room was dirty and had to  be re-cleaned. Sat on the bed and the room lights went out....hotel took forever to fix.  Day 2 the  bathroom bathtub  drained exploded with back flow....called and no one came  up....Day 3  the AC quit  11pm called the front desk  again  and again and  again  and again...finally someone picked up and they told me the hotel uses a call center and that  they were not allowed to escalate calls.    Stay clear or here..............I would not suggest staying here if you can afford better. The location of the Hotel is good in respect to the strip, but the service is poor, food is mediocre, and the rooms are awful. Our room smelled awful and the floor was wet. The casino staff is more helpful than the hotel staff. S/O to Tony B and Mikko at the craps table. Nice guys.Every thing else sucks.BE CAREFUL AGRESSIVE VALET STAFF - Stayed 7/23/15-7/26/15I have visited Vegas many times. We like the central location of Bally's/Flamingo/Harrah's. This was our FIRST and LAST time to stay at Harrah's. Not spending a lot of time in our rooms, we were not so concerned with the fact that the hotel  carpet was dingy and bubbled up in places. There was food and torn off wristbands in the hall for at least two days while we were there. We do like to frequent the hotel pools when we visit Vegas; however, this pool was horrible. Completely out of place on the strip. Fortunately, we were able to show our Harrah's key and utilize the pool at Bally's, so it was all good. We still got our pool fix. The wifi is not free and the cell reception was horrible. It's difficult to communicate with your traveling group if your calls and texts are not going through. For the first time EVER in Vegas, we were told at check in that there would be a resort fee, which added an extra $168 to our bill. There was also no business office to utilize and print our boarding passes. You now have to "rent" the internet at a kiosk and print them there.All of these things were taken in stride and really tolerable until we checked out and tried to depart to the airport. There were 5 in our party and as we exited the hotel, my teenage son told "Mike" at the valet there would be 5 to the airport. Just as we told him that, I realized that my dad was not with us exiting the hotel and was told he had stopped to use the restroom. I told "Mike" to go ahead and let the taxi go. We did not want to hold anyone up. He snapped at the rest of my group and said, "It's hard to get a (taxi for) 5!" (like we were idiots or small children who needed to be repremanded) I told him that was fine and that we would wait for the next one. As my mom and I are standing there processing how he had just snapped at us, he then says to us "Unbelievable!", shaking his head at us. (Again, like we are idiots! How had we just offended HIM by being polite and letting the taxi go to someone else who had a complete party ready to go?). "Mike", then proceeds to turn his back to us partially along with a co-worker and relay the story of how we let the taxi for 5 go. Had we just broken some unspoken rule? We really had no problem waiting for another one. At this point, the mocking continue and "Mike" said, "There's a shuttle" and pointed down to the very end of the sidewalk. It is "Mike's" job to arrange that shuttle, explain the expense involved, etc.. Since "Mike" snapped that comment at us too, I was a little intimidated because I felt threatened. He seemed confrontational. By this time, my dad joined me, my mom, my teenage son and his friend outside. He asked what the matter was because he could tell my mom and I were upset. We told him. He then asked "Mike" what the problem was. "Mike" gets in his face too telling my dad that we let the cab go and he had no control over when the next one would be. I stepped between them because I felt like "Mike" would back out of our personal space if a woman's space was closest to him. Not the case. Arms started waiving. Voices escalated. I went inside to speak to a manager and "Mike" proceeded to stay outside and taunt my dad, telling him the cameras would capture this confrontation. It's interesting that "Mike" mentioned the cameras. By turning his body to mock us to his co-worker, he knew exactly how to hide his bad attitude from that camera. We have a feeling this was not "Mike's" first temper fit. "Mike" was really acting like a small child. The crowd gathering for taxi's were now staring and "Mike" was trying to make it seem like we were being impatient because we didn't want to wait on a taxi. I went inside and asked for a manager. I told her she had the most rude, unprofessional person working as a face for the hotel. She asked his name and I gave it to her. Meanwhile, my mom came in and said we had a taxi. And was pretty much running because "Mike" was outside threatening that he was going to "give it away". Because he is ever so powerful, calling the important shots.Just some things I'm thinking about:1. It's Vegas. There is a TON of competition out there. These Valet and Front Desk folks are the first face of the resort. Harrah's, if you can't do any better than "Mike",  you are in BIG trouble. That guy was having a bad day before we even walked into his taxi line.2. It's Vegas. Taxi's are plentiful. We had no problem waiting for one to carry 5 of us to the airport. He was trying to make an issue where there wasn't one.3. Hey "Mike"! If you aren't happy with your job, get a new one. FYI,  you are in the wrong profession. And you need an anger management/aggression class. A perfectly good trip, with 5 of us leaving in good moods from our vacay  until "Mike" had to make everyone upset right before our departure. I thought hospitality and customer service were the biggie's out there in Vegas. Not at Harrah's.We arrived at the hotel around 10:30 PM.  I had an issue with my ID not matching up with the name used on the reservation ( Asian name / English name being different ).  That took a little longer to resolve than it should have because their manager was dealing with 2 very, visibly and audibly upset customer.  Sign of things to come.It was 11 PM by the time my name issue was resolved.  Found out our room was not ready.  It was supposed to be ready by 3 PM. The front desk lady kept trying to put me into a smaller room. I declined. She kept telling me "it's okay, it's like the same."  I informed her that I need the room I paid for, that was supposed to have been ready 8 hours ago because we are on a schedule and we're already late.She offered me some "solutions."  Leave our luggage with her and come back at 3 AM to check in.  No, we just drove 5 hours from California, we need the bathroom and we need to change our clothes.  So then she said okay, why don't I leave our luggage with the bell hop and come back at 3 AM.  At that point I had had it, so I demanded to speak to a manager (she was finally done putting out the previous fires).  Front desk lady went over to her, said something, came back, said nothing to me and started typing on the computer.  After enduring some awkward silence in anger, I asked if the manager was coming.  She replied that they're going to give me the smaller room with a rollaway bed because it's the same.I was furious by this point so I demanded to speak to the manager again.  Again, she went over to her manager's desk, said something and came back alone.  This time she told me "you're lucky, the room is ready now."Yeah, she really said that.  No employee or manager once apologized for their screw up.  They made no attempt to make the situation right.  She coolly asked what credit card she should charge the resort fees to. We ran so late thanks to them we weren't able to make our plans the rest of the night.Their rates aren't nearly cheap enough to justify the extreme poor customer service.3 hours to check in! The line was absolutely ridiculous, about 60 people waiting to check in, with only 2 people at the front desk. I was maybe 12th in line? Waited 3 HOURS! How does that even happen?! Manager was rude, grumpy and unapologetic. Room is outdated and not properly cleaned. I come to Vegas pretty often and I've stayed at many hotels, but NEVER will I EVER stay here again.DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!! im speaking from personal experience they were suppose to book two rooms next door to each other and instead were separated so they will do it the next day ok the next morning we go to our new room and its filthy! we called again its dirty ok we will send someone up i thought why would you give us the key if its dirty? my husband forgets his dry cleaning in the old room asks if they can open door for him they said no its occupied he then asks for lost and found or the cleaning service if they ladies or new person in room have turned it in they said no he asks to speak to a manager oh hes busy next day have they found it no oh the manager is not here!! they avoided us the whole 4 days we were there so they can rob you and they cant do anything about it who does that who steals clothes and we couldn't go to certain places because of the dress code truth be told i believe one of their staff members took it and they don't want to tell us soo they played dumb NEVER AGAIN ARE WE STAYING HERE !!! ROBBERS THE MANAGER IS A COWARD!!!Wow.  This place has gone downhill.  I have stayed here before  (I come to Vegas often for work) but had not stayed here for several years as I liked other hotels better.  I had to put together a meeting for 20 people, and my company's travel department put us all up at Harrah's due to it's rate being best.  What a mistake.  All of the poor reviews are right.  Our poor experience started right away.  The parking lot looks like a third world garbage dump and does not feel safe at night.  Despite having at least 10 terminals for checking in guests, only three were on duty at the time of our check in.  Despite a long, long line, one of them left, and was not replaced!  40 minutes later, we got checked in.  Upon arriving in our room, we saw how dirty the room was.  After stepping out of the room to get ice, our keycard quit working, requiring ANOTHER 40 minute wait, causing us to miss our dinner.  After a night on the "premium memory foam bed" (quotes added for sarcasm) I left for work.  later my wife called to tell me the toilet was overflowing and had taken no less than 3 calls to get it fixed.  At the office my co-workers complained of smells, bugs, AC that didn't work, noise problems, etc.  I have two more nights here and I can only imagine the problems we will have.  The place is a dump.  Stay somewhere else.Old and dirty hotel, could hear all the conversation from the hall and room next door. Shower wasn't even hot one morning, and leaked.Prepaid my room in full, but they added an extra $28 "resort fee" per day, which I was not told about in advance. Shady business practice, but that's Vegas.The only plus was the location, which was next door to my conference.Okay I got to tell you our stay at this hotel was a horrible experience I'm even sad that I'm giving it one star I should give it no stars. When you stay there they got the air conditioners on motion sensors so in other words you have to motion in order for the air conditioner to stay on however when you go to sleep it turns off. This requires that you have to wake up about every 15 minutes to wave your arm we got no rest whatsoever and we sweat all night every night we stayed there. Also wasn't that clean and it was also had broken things in the drawer of the room. We also saw hookers in the bar areas  and they looked like street hookers not call girls. We won't be staying there again. Oh and one other thing when you go on their website and try to leave a comment about their hotel the cleanliness and the workers performance there's no place to do it or at least we couldn't find one to give feedbackCurrently staying here at the Harrahs room 2747, I have stayed at almost every hotel on the strip and thus far here are the reasons for the one star review:1.  Stink was overflowing

I was sent here because I maxed out my ultrasounds through my insurance. I'm 36 weeks and believed to have iugr, my baby is basically measuring very very small.

IF YOU WANT TO RECEIVE A FULL SERVICE AND BE TREATED LIKE A CUSTOMER - Stay away from that salon and specially from VlastaWhere to start...I had a horrible experience here. First of all I bought a groupon for a haircut and color retouch. When I called to make an appointment, the receptionist had an attitude but I was still excited.  On the Saturday of my appointment, I forgot what the exact time I was supposed to be there. So I called again and the first thing the receptionist asked me, "Did we not call for a confirmation?" and I replied no, which made me a little uneasy to know they didn't even call me for a confirmation but I was still excited to go.When I got there, everyone was nice which made less uneasy. My hairstylist was cool but here's where the problem starts. I showed him a video of what I wanted and here's the link (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QtM19eO7Kc&list=WL30C2428FFF694ADF) and he looked at for 10 seconds and said, "Okay cool, you wan't an asymmetrical haircut.  After coloring my hair and straightening it, he proceeded to cut it off. Everything seemed fine. We were talking and he seemed pretty legit. But as my hair got shorter, I started to get scared. The first problem was he didn't ask me any questions about my hair. Usually hairstylists will ask about my how I style my hair, what exactly I'm looking for and what suits me. He just kept cutting and I guess it was fault for trusting him but he said did hair for 5 years. He was then interrupted by the receptionist, who told him that his next client was there. He told the receptionist infront of everyone that he needs to schedule better because her hair is taking too long (as if I wasn't there). From there, it got worse.  He started to rush on cutting my hair and it made me more nervous. It looked way shorter then I wanted and he cut my bangs shorter, even though the video has them longer. When he supposbliy finished, it looked horrible! He didn't even try to finish styling it. I was so embarrassed. He cut my hair the way he wanted and didn't even style it and LEFT DYE ON MY NECK! What was the point of the groupon, if he wasn't even going to style it. The worst part is when I called the salon back to complain. The  receptionist only offered me a shampoo and blow dry to get rid of the hair dye-which by the way when I washed my hair the next day it all came out. So I paid money for semi-permanent. I wanted to speak with the manager but she was out and the receptionist promised me the manager would call me later that day, but no one has called me yet and its been two days. This was a horrible experience. Now I'm stuck with Kate Gosselin haircut.I haven't had the chance to actually go, the reason this review is 1 star is because I bought a Groupon after reading all the awesome reviews. So I called and set up an appointment for today, I had an emergency & couldn't make it.. so I called and let them know, I was very rudely informed that since I didn't cancel my appointment with 24 hour notice, that I forfeited my Groupon. How is someone supposed to know of an emergency 24 hours ahead of time? So now they just took my $ and left me with no options..... soooo disappointed, which is sad cause I was eager to try it after reading all the reviews :-(I made an appointment with this salon due to the good reviews on Yelp, but I was much disappointed.I liked that I could make an appointment for the very next day and that they would let me know whenever there is someone available at a more convenient time of the day for me the day of the appointment.However the appointment didn't go that nicely. I had an appointment with Shawn and when I first got there it was like I was invisible, it took about 5 minutes for someone to let me know when Shawn was going to be ready and then I had to sit on the bar stools for another 5 minutes waiting for him. The front desk area is very small and congested and I felt very uncomfortable with the number of people standing around me waiting to pay.

Combo chow mein-chicken slimy, beef wierd, shrimp inedible-were afraid of getting sick

-Cash only.

I always want to see people succeed, but there is no chance for this poor excuse

People behind the counter look at me like I'M a problem.

BTW, this is the same shop that blew up my daughters car.I signed up for YELP specifically to post this review. If I could give this location less than one star I would. I frequent this location because it is close to work. The staff at this location used to be amazing. That is until it came under new management. Since the new owner took over it has gone downhill. Today I ran in to grab a soda on my break. i was waiting in line without about 8 people when the gentlemen in front of me was paying for his purchase. One of the cashiers all of a sudden turned on the music behind the register very loud. She then said something to the gentlemen and he stated that he could not hear her because the music was too loud. She asked him what was wrong with her music. They began to bicker back and forth. Her attitude was horrible and he did call her music "shi**y". He left. I thought the issue was over. The cashier then turned towards us in line and stated "I fu**ing hate white people, he probably only listens to Rock and Roll". she then repeated that she hated effing white people two more times. I was shocked. Some people may not see a problem with this. I on the other hand am appalled by her words. Racism is not ok. In any form. I wont be spending any more money at this location. It wont impact the woman that said this or their store in any way. But I wont give my money to a store that breeds hate.This was the first place I went to looking for wedding dresses and I had no clue what to expect.  I tried to be as prepared as possible so I printed out a few dresses I had in mind.  When I arrived with my mother, the store was empty and the girls working there were nice and greeted us.  They asked if I had brought along pictures and I gave the few I had printed.  They basically looked through them, pointed to the racks and were like, here are the dresses we have, look through them and let us know if need any help, pointing to the two racks they have.  They didn't recommend ones that looked like ones I had shown them, they pretty much just left it as a free for all for us to go through while they stood behind the counter and chatted with each other.It also doesn't help that all of the dresses were in plastic bags and were packed with little room on the racks to move them and get an idea of what the dress looks like.  My mom and I picked a few and I needed help tying some of them to try them on. When we asked them to help us (the dresses were sizes 8 or 10s and I'm a 4 so we needed clamps for all the extra dress) they rolled their eyes but came to assist.  After three dresses I had decided I had had enough of this experience.  I didn't finish trying on the other two dresses I had pulled, thanked them for their time, and went down the street to Celebrations Bridal.This was one of the first stores I Went to to look for a drees and it was the worst one ever. The girls were nice but didn't get up to help at all and there was no one in the store we tried to ask Questions And it seem like we were inconveniencing them so we walked out very unhappy and disappointed.Terrible service! I'm not sure if everyone else who reviewed this place went when it was empty, but the servers and staff could not handle more than a few tables when I went the other Saturday night. In addition to taking forever in serving our food, the servers constantly ran into the back of my chair without ever apologizing. I would NOT recommend this place at all unless you want to leave hungry and unsatisfied. Food was ok, but not worth the wait, prices or service.I had a reaction to the Pancar Salatasi; no doubt to the canned or tinned beets. You would think for $6 for 2 bites of beets they could use a fresh one?I find it hard to believe that so many people stated that this was a good dining experience. I'm taking into consideration that Le Cordon Bleu is practice for students who are not yet professional chefs. With that said, the food was far below average. The bread and butter were fine. The onion soup was average, and the best part of an unpleasant meal. My girlfriend ordered the caesar salad which had an extremely overpowering flavor to the point where it was inedible. I ordered the house salad. I requested it without egg, but the waiter got confused and I ended up with lettuce and dressing on my plate without the other ingredients like avacado. My girlfriend and I ordered the filet mignon medium to well done, which came with mashed potatoes, beets, spinach, and sauce. This was the first filet mignon I ever had which was hard to cut, chewy, and filled with tendons. Mine was cooked in three different temperatures. The very top was bloody, the middle was medium, and the bottom was well done. The beets were more on the bitter side and the boiled spinach reminded me of the tasteless vegetables served at public school lunches. Then came the dessert. I ordered the pastry with vanilla and chocolate ice cream. The plate must have been in the freezer for a long time because my pastry was very cold. The ice cream was the worst. The texture was grainy and lacked flavor. My girlfriend ordered the pumpkin creme brulee which was also served on a frozen plate. The dessert itself was cold on top and close to frozen on the bottom. Needless to say, the food did not even come close to the rave reviews I read about and was excited about. I was hoping for a survey to fill out at the end of dinner where I would have stated my dissatisfaction, but there was no such survey. Mike and I did not complain to the staff about the sub adequate dining experience because I kept in mind that these were students who were still learning. For all I knew, they could have began their training two weeks ago. How will these wanna be future chefs ever learn if there is no feedback? The best part was the atmosphere which resembled a typical modern and contemporary restaurant. The service was friendly and attentive. I just wish the food was as good as all these other reviews claim. I will not be coming back or recommending Le Cordon Bleu.

The reason oreganos is always a wait is the food is great quality and huge in size every time! Fantastic customer service all things nypd neighbor is not.

Im sorry but if you allow a ticket time to go past 25 minutes then you obviously dont care about your guest. And if you manager doesnt get involved at any point in time then they dont care. So why would you work or own a place when you dont care about the guests??? This place is a joke. Im glad I side tipped the bussers cause they were the only ones who did anything.I decided to give xtreme a try since they did a groupon a few days ago.  Sadly the service was very slow and I was not a fan of any of the rolls we selected.  This would have been a 2 star review except that all three of us got sick in one way or another that night .Hmmmmmm where to start.... this location for xtreme sushi was a complete let down. We always eat at the Southern Highlands location and it has never let us down. We tried this location out and we will never come back. Our menus were falling apart and dirty.... literally the worst looking menus I have ever seen. We asked if we could have ones that weren't all stuck together with food and our waitress gave us these little TOGO ones. Not a great start. We were place all the way in the back of the restaurant and we even asked "if we do all you can eat you won't forget about us back here will you?", she laughed and said of course not. Well about 30+minutes after we ordered our FIRST order of sushi, some of it came out. We had to repeatedly ask for chopsticks, and wasabi & ginger, and soy sauce bowls. We quickly ordered our next round and good thing we did because only some of that showed up, about 30 minutes later. We never got all our sushi, even though we repeatedly asked for it. Our desert showed up before our sushi and we asked "so I guess we are done" and the waitress had NO clue that we were still waiting on orders. It took her forever to get the check back to us so we approached the manager and he looked SO annoyed to be bothered with a question that we just paid and left. I would not recommend this location at all, save your money and time (we spent over 2 hours waiting on food)Two, very honest statements:

4. Hot concrete walkways

Our non-Italian friends were here before and said it was OK (I know, with that glowing endorsement, why didn't I steer them elsewhere?). We entered on a Saturday just before 6pm.  We were the ONLY patrons!  We've dined out several times with our friends and their 3yr old son.  This is the first time I've seen the boy so spooked at a restaurant.  Maybe he was having The Godfather flashbacks or just didn't know what to make of a restaurant with no other customer?!  This is a great kid who is normally well behaved in restaurants, but here, he was nervous and on the verge of tears for about 10 minutes!There was a man and a woman (possibly the owners) and then a chef.  After her first visit, my friend said she thought they were speaking Italian.  However, I quickly confirmed they were speaking Spanish (not that there's anything wrong w/that but I wouldn't be confident at a Chinese restaurant to hear the staff speaking Polish)!  I really really wanted to ask them what region they were from in Italy, but my husband made me keep Princess Snarkella locked up.

BUT PEOPLE DONT EAT AT A NIGHT CLUBS. AND THEY DONT WANT TO WAIT FOR A WAITER LIKE THEY WOULD WAIT FOR BARTENDER IN A BUSY CLUB!Listen, people: maybe it was waiting until 11:15 PM to be seated, maybe it was the ear-splitting music which forced us to use our other senses, maybe it was purely hunger delirium -- but it was the best steak and sides we've ever had.None of that means anything. It's such a low number of stars to give for such a great meal, expertly served. It means that everything else that STK allowed to happen that night negated any strong points they earned.While waiting for a table, we were witness to such a mind-blowingly disgusting display that it prompted a very serious discussion of our group giving up our reservation altogether, going to In-N-Out Burger (no pun intended), and calling it a night.At the table next to us was a man who had obviously called an escort service, had them send a couple of "workers" to meet him at STK, and the three of them gave us a floor show of french kissing, gyrating, miming fellatio and cunnilingus, and general dry-humping, that it's a miracle we could keep our steaks down. Management came over (without us even saying anything -- obviously others were bothered, too) and had terse words with the man, which culled the trio's amorous activities -- temporarily, It was only a matter of minutes until they resumed their table-side  menage-a-trois. When they finally left (like the slow fade of a Viagra commercial), our party came to a realization: we were actually *surrounded* by other couples who were very obviously the products of a "business transaction" as opposed to.....actual dates. Gorgeous African-American young beauty in skin-tight scuba dress un-zippered to the navel seated with nebbish nerd, to cite an example.You bet we're in Vegas. Anything goes. And we're fully up for that. But when the conduct of certain patrons supersedes the comfort of others ponying up significant sums for their Wagyu beef, or the management at STK does not see the slippery slope of cheerfully opening their doors as a clubhouse for the sex trade, they might as well change the theme to Thai Ping-Pong Bar and be done with it. (or -- as it was suggested by some in the party -- change the name to "STD"?)  Hepatitis (or worse?)  on the forks is a legitimate but secondary concern:  how about the group of us simply wanting to enjoy a glorious steak at midnight served by a wait staff who really knows their stuff without having to be witness to a Hustler Letter to the Editor in the making?Stop the Ho's at the door. For the love of Christ, turn down the music. Now you've really got something.Where do I start? Ok it was 8;30 pm on a Wednesday night, I ordered a glass of pinot Noir & the crab Citrus appetizer along with there (blue fine tuna dinner with wasabi mash potatoes. the crab appetizer came to the table in about 7 minutes, still waiting for my wine wtf?. Ok. They are not busy here at all just a few Guy knuckleheads at the bar loud as fk even louder than the Dj which was way way to loud for a 3/4 empty place. Ok back to the food and still no wine. ? Really ? Now my meal shows up 17-19 minutes later and still no wine. I tell my waitress what happens to my wine? OMG ITS TOTALY MY FAULT I FORGOT. I will get it for you now. really ? I reply no thanks I'm fine with my water. Now back to my tuna dinner. ? Really dinner ? Or a sushi bar appetizer with one small spoon full of wasabi mash ? Wow really $38 for this come on STK. Dont order the tuna unless you want to be starving after.  No wine and still hungry so I decided to order the apple pie. Weeeeeeek. Very weak.  Sara Lee frozen taste better. I give one star. Weak weak weak. Bogus.Not entirely sure what the hype is with this place... I got the cowboy ribeye, and it was so charred the steak was borderline disgusting. (and I ordered a medium rare!) The inside was the perfect redness but once you get in there, the steak is DRY. We got one side - the creamed spinach... and it literally just tasted like spinach with cream on top of it. Go to any other steakhouse - Gordon Ramsay Steak, Mastros, Cut, and they will show you what real good creamed spinach tastes like. Definitely will not be returning and I will be telling my friends not to go too.We arrive and are greeted by blaring loud music - there is no way you could have a conversation in this place. We approach and find that we don't quite look right. STK looks and sounds more like a club than a restaurant. We discussed abandoning coming here but proceeded because we had waited all night for this reservation. We had a reservation for 930 - we show up and are told they are running 20 minutes behind. We inquire what the point of having a reservation is and the hostess just stares blankly back at us. I ask her how we will know when our table is ready and she says"someone will come find you." Mind you, there are so many people congregated by the doorway that I don't think she could find us if she had to. We wait for 30 minutes and watch people come out and watch them head back in. No one appears to actually be leaving. I head back in and ask her how much longer and she says "I really don't know - we are waiting for the tables to clear out." I push for an estimate of time and she says "I would guess 20-30 minutes." This means on top of my reservation I might have to wait an additional hour!! No thanks. If you are looking for a nice dining experience look else where - this place is all about being cool. When I'm hungry I don't care about cool - I want to eat!! Long story short - we left after 30 min (on top of our reservation) I am not giving hundreds of dollars to a place that doesn't value every customer. No food is worth that. We travel quite a bit and have been to many restaurants and this one took the cake (in a bad way) in the Customer service department. Would we attempt to come back again (perhaps at a less busy time?!) - NO WAY!!We came here for my husband's birthday, the food was ok but the seating was terrible (if it's for a fine dinning place), people walking by me keep kicking my seat , and the best view in the restaurant is by the kitchen , the dessert they gave to my husband was nasty !!! I don't care how expensive the food is only if I have a great food great service and great atmosphere and great experience!! Our waitress is great but that's about it in this place !This place is TOO loud, too crowded and the staff is RUDE.  When they said "not your daddy's steak house", what they should have said is we got rid of all the good stuff from your daddy's steak house and kept all the bad.Yes it has a sexy vibe, after all the hostess staff and female bar staff will remind you of Coyote Ugly, you have club music playing at club decibels and its dark.  What this means to you, is bartenders with attitude, hostesses that only pay attention to the men in your group and an envirnoment so loud you can't hold a conversation.The saving grace was our server and the food.  Our server was top notch and very personable, the food was good, but not good enough to put myself through that experience again.  The manager could care less about his hostesses behavior, there were no apologies just excuses and he even lied to us.If you have to entertain your in-laws and you HATE holding a conversation with them, then this is the place to be.  You can easily ignore them through the meal because you can honestly tell them you can't hear a word they are saying and eat in peace (as long as you can ignore the hear shattering music).  Also bring your ones with you when you use the bathroom and when I say bathroom I mean as in ONE AND ONLY ONE stall per ladies and one for men.  Get ready to wait in line or you have to leave the restaurant to use one.If you STILL want to come to STK make sure you have the truffle mac n cheese.I had reservations here for a 21st birthday party but they would not seat us until one of the missing guests arrived , who was late arrived. So we sat around the bar area starving and kept asking if we could sit and order. It was just one person. After about an hour they sat us. They seemed very young and pompous management.  Then they told us we only had 20 minutes left to order because the kitchen was closing. That was their fault for taking so long to seat us. They were not very friendly with us. But our wine guy and bartender were very nice and hospitable, i think they saw what was going on and and felt bad for our situation. One of them even apologized for the management.

* The doctor may and likely will need to use Pitocin to augment labor

This guy shows up to change my tyre. It is a hired vehicle that I had to call for due to the jack set in the boot being incomplete. In any case, I call to have this tyre changed and this car is dispatched. He begins to set up and ready to jack it up -- except my neighbours show up -- and now he has to move a metre or so because he is blocking their carport. Apparently this was the equivalent of shitting in his porridge, or slapping him in the face with a deceased trout. He dramatically huffs. He violently snatches the jack and belligerently flips it on top of my neighbours's plants. I mean he does this right in front of my neighbours. Uh ....He changes out the rental car's tyre but now my neighbours probably despise me (more than they did before) and probably think I am racist. I still tip him -- overly generous -- in hopes he gets himself in a better mood and actually does more good than ill at his next service call. I don't think this guy watched the major motion picture Pay It Forward starring lil' Haley Joel Osment (before he got really fat). (Shot here in Centennial, Las Vegas, NV.) --------------------------------------------------­­­­­­­-----------------------Experience 3

+ add cheese $1

I am in the customer service business and I understand we all have bad moments...but to charge me 32000.00 and not have what I paid for work is crap and the lack of communication is unacceptable!If you use this company for some idiotic reason...don't pay them that last installment until you are happy with all the work. You will never hear from them again! RunThis company is a joke! I have been so patient with them. If you didn't sign a contract with them run to a different place. They will start and not finish the project. Every week they say you are on the scedual and then no phone call nothing! You have to keep calling them to get a response. A total lack of management the hand doesn't know what the foot is doing. I have tried everything to get them to take action and all I get it next week we will be there. Landscape isn't done spa is still in limbo. Just save yourself the time and headache and read reviews find someone else to do the job. They are nice people just not worth working with on a spa pool or landscape job.DESERT SPRINGS POOLS!   Notice that 50% of their reviews are ONE STAR (*), and if you think for a second that they haven't had some of their relatives and friends write a few good reviews for them, in order to balance out their bad rating,  RE-think It! Do not use this pool company for ANYTHING.  They are dishonest crooks.  I have a Cracking/ leaking pool and spa with a written LIFETIME WARRANTY, covering the structure of the pool and they will not honor the warranty unless I spend the additional money to SUE THEM.  I hired a Structural Engineer, another Pool company, and a Botness to prove my claim, and they still denied me.  I even dug a trench around my pool to prove to them that there were NO ROOTS present, that could cause the failing structure.  By the time I've cost them a dozen or more customers, they'd have been better off if they'd just done the right thing, and took care of me the way they should have.  I won't be using them for the pool in my new house.

Is the THIRD time this has happened.  NOW I AM Upset...  There has to be something done about this.   For one..  I will NEVER step foot in this establishment again.  The BAIT AND SWITCH laws must apply to these low life cleaners also, right?  I will be looking into this and filing a complaint or suit...  This is absolutely ridiculous..  Because my only alternative??  "You don't have to pick them up"...  Sure IDIOTS; you'd like that wouldn't you?  Your establishment is NOT THE "BEST OF VEGAS"..  Because

Daughters burger was nice. Her fries arrived 10 mins after the burger,

i'd try another atria's before i'd go back to this one. but now i'm weary of the restaurant all together.I was meeting up with 3 other people there. But I was a few minutes late.  Because I wasn't there at the time,  they refused to seat the others.  Not even to just get drinks or an appetizer ordered.  So they left to go to some place that would serve them (Dominic's)  This place clearly couldn't be bothered to have our business,  which seems like an odd way to run an organization.  One star because we didn't get anything that we wanted.When you walk into a buzzing restaurant, you'd expect to be greeted by someone, be that a server, a greeter or the bartender. I went in last night, stood around for almost 10 minutes, and was completely ignored. I was meeting a few friends, so I decided to walk across the street and grab a beer and make a reservation (using open table) for 45 minutes later.  Reservation confirmed, and beer finished, I walk back over, walk in to the place and someone's at the computer in the entryway on the phone. He finishes, we make eye contact, he nods and walks away. My friends come in, we wait 10 minutes for someone who works there to talk to us. I tell her we have reservations, she acts like it can't happen, and that it's my mistake, she says that the place is closed for a private party. I ask why there isn't a sign on the door saying 'closed for private party', and I get a ridiculous answer that the "CEO doesn't like us to do that". How dumb is that: you leave your system open to make reservations and you don't alert people that might be going to a show on the north shore that the place is closed. The fake sincerity is what really got me. You know what a 'private party' sign does? It advertises that you are available for private parties, and would have given me an hour to figure out other arrangements.I was here on a business dinner and it firmly seated itself as the absolute WORST place I've ever eaten at.-hair in the food

- Inexpensive

I don't mind paying for a good meal, but this overall was a waist of money.**** Don't buy the restaurant coupon for this place and don't waist your time giving it a chance when Vegas has a lot better places to offer then this joke. The elevator down was a good touch, but it lead up to high expectations that definitely were not met.PS-If you look at the timeline of reviews this restaurant has definitely gone down in service (be sure to check the summery of reviews and the dates on the reviews you read)We went for their happy hour on a Friday after work, which is only offered in the bar area.  The bar area was packed and we grabbed the last 2 seats.  Our friend joined us a few minutes later, but he had to stand for about 5-10 minutes until someone left and we cold source a chair.  The prices didn't really seem discounted at all, and the service suffered because of obvious understaffing.  Food quality was poor.  My calamari was bland and overcooked.  Bf ordered the prime rib slider, which was shaved prime rib that looked like an Arby's sandwich, but didn't taste as good.  My friend got the steak kabob, which was actually pretty good.  Atmosphere was busy, but not very lively.  My advice, drive down the street to Charleston, and go to Fleming's for happy hour.We used to come here on and off all the time when we were emerald level.  Tonight the server was AWFUL this is not the place for him.  He did not suggest any appetizers and we heard every other table being offered their cold seafood platter on ice.  (which we used to order all the time)  He talked so dumb and slowly about the specials that were available too.  Service was incredibly incredibly slow  (Trust me in a fine dining restaurant you don't want to be rushed either but service tonight was horribly slow)  1 out of the 3 of us ordered steak and she always orders it WELLLL done.  Her steak came out medium.  The server could've cared less, took it away to get it fixed and when it came back out. It was THE SAME STEAK!!!  WHAT????? A fine dining restaurant and you don't even cook a NEW steak.  ARE YOU CRAZY!  Even in my restaurant we don't re cook the same entree, we make a NEW ONE.  AND he didn't even take it off the check.  1 of us ordered the 3 course meal which came with dessert.  While waiting literally 15 minutes for him to get our dessert and guess what, the place was NOT busy. The manager had stopped by to help clear our plates and offered dessert, and we told him we ordered it 15 minutes ago and are still waiting. He was hardly shocked and it took another 5+ minutes for him to bring it out.  After we finally got it, we sat there again LITERALLY (we checked the time) 20 minutes to get our check.  We were NOT impressed!!!!!!!!!We sent an email to the hotel to have the food and beverage director contact us. Low and behold the manager contacts us and apologizes and says he remembers us and offers us a comp for 2.  2??? UM THERE WERE 3 OF US!!!  AND you don't even know the damm problem because we didn't tell you the problem yet.  Hmmm are you trying to save your ass??? Well we still talked to the food and beverage director and we got things straightened out.  Get rid of the manager and get rid of this server and place them in a different restaurant, This one is not the right fit for them.I rang the front desk of the Suncoast Hotel, where I was staying for two days, for a recommendation on which of their restaurants were the best for a single person to go for a nice prime rib. They recommended this place. WRONG. The young hostess was fantastic, offering me a dining room table or the nice bar table area for my meal. I chose the nice bar area, as there was no reason for me to take an entire dining table. All was well until my meal was served. It looked fantastic, I had two bites of my meal, until their bartender went from patron to patron at his bar, loudly asking "What did Jeffrey Dahmer say to Lorena Bobbitt?" (Yes...an over 10 year old joke) The answer he joyfully shouted as I tried to take my first bite of my $50 meal....."are you going to eat that?". I thought I was going to vomit. Then he joyfully ran to the other end of the bar to tell this decade joke to yet another patron. There were people in the dining area, just over the wall. He was so loud, I find it hard to believe that they could not hear this immature and disgusting bantor either. As he went on to tell the joke AGAIN and I shouted out to him to stop repeating such a vile and disgusting joke, that people were trying to eat their meals. He insulted me, as if I was the offensive one, no apology was given. The hostess tried her best to diffuse this disgusting situation. After two bites, she bagged my meal. I paid for it and gave her a $10 tip. I had been there less than 20 minutes. I have my own business, and no young girl should ever have to work in such a vile environment, much less the customers having to EAT in this vulgar situation. I filed a complaint with the manager. I did not ask for a refund and threw my dinner in the trash. Who knows how it tasted? I will NEVER dine here again.It is rare that I will return a meal but I got the pork medallions with Portabella mushrooms. What I received looked like they removed the bone from a pork chop, cut it in half then over-cooked it so much it was chewy and gross. So I choice the steak and shrimp. The steak was inedible! This at steakhouse! I would have sent it back but it wasn't worth the bother. It was saturated with meat tenderizer and looked like it was on it's last leg. I never smell my food but I kept smelling this steak. I had one bite then left the rest. I wouldn't even take it home to feed it to my dogs. The shrimp was over-cooked so they were chewy. I've been to some of the best restaurants in the world; SC Prime is one of the worst.I did not have a very good experience at this particular hair salon.I have never gotten my hair dyed at a salon before so I figured i'd try it out. As I am a student on a tight budget, this salon in particular seemed to try and appeal to students so i thought it would be my best bet. For that reason, I went in for consultation beforehand and the receptionist told me the price range would be around 150-130$ for the particular style i wanted. I decided that would be within my budget so I went ahead and booked an appointment. I went for the appointment and i felt like there was a bit of a language barrier as i only speak english, but i didn't think it was too big of a deal... I had the hair treatment done and as I had my hair washed by a another blonde girl (who wasn't initially my stylist and only spoke french) she splashed my eye by accident (totally unprofessional) with the toner that was being washed out. she laughed it off but i really wasn't amused. After the washing she asked if i wanted my hair to be dried... Well i said of course, cause I've never been to a salon where I've left with wet hair, especially in Montreal where it could freeze outside. So i assumed it would just be  included in my set price. Finally when my hair was done, i was ready to pay. I went up to the register and the lady said "that will be 290$". Almost double the amount i was told. Turns out the hair drying was 50$ and the toner was 60$. I was so shocked and did not know what to say so i payed it. When i got home i felt sick to my stomach and completely ripped off. I called to complain and explain what had happened but they kept making the excuse that i didn't understand and it was a miscommunication and there was a language barrier and all this bs. It was just all unreasonable. They told me their manager/owner would contact me the following week to let me know if i could be refunded on the things i was not notified about. It felt like a complete scam because if i had been notified i would have never gotten the treatment. They never called me. Bad customer service and unreliable staff to be honest. The result of my hair is alright, but not worth 290$ thats for sure. Please Icone... No more ripping off students with low budgets.Avoid this place and save your money for a better haircut in any other salon. I left disappointed. My haircut ended up as a disaster trim. I was shocked. I asked for a hair straightener just to style my own hair before walking out those doors. I wish that my experience could be a better one as they were nice people but the cut was not a good one for me. The receptionist (the owner's wife) said that she can reschedule with another stylist ....welll...no thanks! I will never come back!Je me comprend pas bien pourquoi c'est souvent plein.. La situation peut-être?L'assiette brunch est franchement pauvre comparée à la concurrence et le prix est par contre bien supérieur. À part la porte de chambre forte qui décore les lieux de façon inhabituelle -- le restaurant est installé dans les anciens locaux d'une banque -- je ne vois rien qui justifie des prix aussi élevés.Café et service médiocres. Sourires rarissimes.I recently shipped my car from Pittsburgh to San Diego and used Global as the broker to arrange my shipment.  Although they seemed very professional initially and confirmed my ship date several weeks ahead, when it came to the day to ship my car, they called and said that the truck had broken down and may car couldnt be shipped that day but would be picked up the next day.  On the following day they told me that they would pick up the car at the end of the day.  When I did not hear from them, I called and asked what was going on.  They told me the truck was waiting for vehicles from a dealership and would not pick up my car that day.  This continued for several days.  They never return phone calls.  I had to initiate every contact and when I left a message for various people to call me back, no phone call was ever returned.    They never give you a straight answer and are always in "meetings".  My car was supposed to be shipped on May 4 and was to arrive about a week later.  It did not arrive until May 17th.I will not use this company again.I am a claims adjuster and had to handle a claim where our insured used this vendor to move his vehicle from San Diego to North Carolina.  When the vehicle arrived in North Carolina almost a month after pick up in San Diego, it was damaged.  The driver documented the damage on a bill of lading.  We paid to have our insured's vehicle repaired and then sent a demand to Global asking them to provide their insurance information.  They have refused to provide that information and it appears that they do not have coverage for cargo.  When I asked them to work with us regarding repayment of the damages, they told me "not to bother" them anymore.  I would never use a firm such as this to move anything valuable since they are clearly uninsured for losses such as this.I have now been threatened to be "damaged legally" by Global for writing such a review.To clarify: Global Auto Transportation is not an automotive transportation company. They are simply middle-men. You will save money by going directly to the transporter. GAT simply contacts another vendor (that actually does have the equipment) and charges a large fee. I spoke with the actual vendor and they said the commission was sizable.Was recommended by a friend. When I asked why the recommendation, she said "they got my car here on time." Unfortunately, there's more to the story.I had to ship my car across the country for work. I was quoted a price of around $1400 given several discounts they offered. I told my contact, and was very specific, that the car could NOT arrive before Day X. Placed at least 4-5 calls just confirming information and each time re-iterating that date. I was assured that it would work. "It takes 7-10 days for the car to get shipped. We'll set it up so it comes on X+2."Well, 3 days before X, I get a call that the cars will be delivered tomorrow. Guess their timeline was off. Instead of GAT working with the vendor to deal with the problem, I had to call both of them to try and figure out a solution. It was frustrating calling for several reasons

Disgusted with them !I wanted to take advantage of the NV energy program so I gave them a call and booked a time slot a few days out. Got rescheduled 3 times. After waiting around from 8am--1pm, the Tech no call no showed, and they called again around 2 trying to push the appointment back to their 1-5pm slot. Never heard from them again. These jokers wasted my time. Will be calling to report to NV Energy.Place: just ok, too dark for my taste, lack of personality.

I left feeling upset and very tense, which totally negated the massage that I just received AND I also did not get my credit card back!  I had to go back to get my card.

-She picked up her check quickly, which was upsetting due to the lack of service we received.Don't order take out.  Takes as long as eat in. Order was wrong, salad was hot and hot food was cold. Bill was wrong,  take out service is slow. Don't bother.On Mother's Day (5/8/16), my daughter made reservation at the LasVegas Centennial Center BJ's Restaurant for 7 of us, for 6:45 pm, using her rewards card. Upon arrival (6:45) we were greeted, and we identified by ourselves. There seemed to be a bit of confusion in finding our reservation! We were eventually told to follow a young man to our table, however when we all arrived at the table, it was already occupied!?!  Back to the front desk! After more confusion, it was determined that a group came in 13 minutes before us and somehow claimed our reservation and they were placed at our table!  We were told by one of the managers, that the group lied to them and told them they were us!?! It was once again confirmed that we did have the reservation for 6:45 under my daughters last name.As you can imagine there was a lot of conversation. 50 minutes later, the manager came to my daughter and said they had a booth for 6 and could set a chair on the end for our seventh member. My daughter agreed, after all what choice did we have? Once we were seated, the table had not been wiped down, it was sticky with crumbs in the seats.  I went back to the manager, and expounded that all was not up to BJ's standards as we had come to know them, and that even as the evening had been trying from the beginning things were continuing to be disappointing. This person immediately came back at me and told me that my daughter said it was ok to be seated there, and that it wasn't her fault that the other group lied.  I said sitting there was ok with us, after waiting for almost an hour, but that the table was still dirty! She did then get a bus person to wipe the table down. The manager walked off! At no time did she offer an apology. I must say here that this person may have felt harassed by the entire situation, but she was quite in the wrong to have taken her frustrations out on us, the offended party!After being seated, it took over an hour for everyone to get their food! Mostly sandwiches, an appetizer and one desert; all but one of us was served, my son-in-law did not get his meal until after the rest of were completely finished, he asked for a box so we could leave. BJ's (the manager) took off my son-in-laws order, the appetizer, and desert, plus $25 off our bill (using my daughter's rewards card.)  Our waiter, made up for a lot of the unpleasantness that occurred earlier in the evening, he was an outstanding server and we were most grateful for him.I know it was Mother's Day and the restaurant was busy, but this is not the behavior, or the quality of service that is expected from BJ's.  My family lives in Vegas and we visit frequently. BJ's has always been among our first choices for dining out, but it is hard to ignore what happened the other evening. It was not a pleasant experience for anyone in our party. P.S. -  When leaving, I went to the front desk to speak with the one manager, but she was no where around. The person in attendance was nice and apologized for the inconvenience that was caused.Terrible Customer Service bad choice in restaurant our waitress Brandi lacked in customer service skills, I myself working with the public know it doesn't matter if your having a bad day or you're just too tired to be at work there is no excuse customers pay for good service you need to put a big smile on your face and get the job done right because without customers you don't have a job.Came here for happy hour which is 5-7PM. Their happy hour menu is limited and you can only have it at the bar which mean max 6-7 people can come because there isnt enough seating at the bar for a big group. 7 of us were forced to cram onto a small table, so there wasnt enough room to put more than 2-3 dishes on the table at a time. 1/2 off small deep dish pizzas which can feed 1 person (4 slices) and 1$ off wine- we had to order 6 pizzas for 6 people. The beer wasnt even worth getting on happy house so we just got pitchers cause it was cheaper. But they do brew their own beer here.Recommend: Hefeweizen and the Stout. Blonde taste like water/coors light/bud light- nothing special.

That said again it was repeated mistakes over and over  either dealing with the insurance  or checking facts and charts before appointments were made only to be cancelled due to their mistakes!   Moreover, they would never admit to those mistakes blaming someone else or yourself and you come out being the bad and unsatisfied person out of this.  Also, they are not the friendliest and were quick to come back with a BS answer to your problems.  I never felt welcomed there and the constant at your face spanish was also rude.  Completely incompetent be warned before you deal with them.  There are a plethora of dental places in the Vegas area  I recommend you do not go there.  I am never this negative but this had to be said!I hate hate this place!!! No one there has any idea what is going on! Made appointment for daughter needs a root canal they gave her two appointments and did the same thing on both , just took xrays when they finally told the dr why she was there he had no time to do what he was suppose to do in the first place. They took duplicate xrays and charged my insurance  they did not do cleaning or root canal , of coarse i told them what i thought of there dumb assets everyone one there was so roude and unprofessional the office manager was the worst where did you get your certificate? I cant believe they have people like this working for them! Of coarse we have a new real dentist now and they are so great this place is straight trash including everyone there!!! Beware they double charge insurance witch i have insurance looking into fraud!!It's high time I write an update for Absolute Dental. My last experience there for a routine cleaning was traumatizing and makes me think I should get a new dentist. Everything was going along fine until the hygienist rudely nudged my shoulder and motioned for me to follow her while I was sitting in the X-Ray chair. I followed and she proceeded to rape my gums. Before I forget, when I first sat down the TV was off. It's always on! So I asked for the remote and she says "We usually just listen to music". Liar, no you don't. And, I don't give two shits about what YOU want. Anyways, she was extremely rough while flossing my teeth. She didn't even floss all the molars because I guess she was too lazy to be bothered. The dentist came after and finished the cleaning, but I felt his work was minimal compared to the level of care I usually receive. When I got home, I looked at my gums and seen they were cut. My mouth was sore for a day or two, and that never happens! WTF?? By the way, the gum raper was a BFA and the speedy doctor was an AMA. I called the office when I got home and told the receptionist to make a note in my folder that I never want to get "taken care of" by the BFA. I love the two gals who usually clean my teeth here, but I was told they were off that day. So it's either I find a new dentistry business, or I just schedule my appointments around my two favorite hygienists to ensure I'm happy.YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #158I have to say I really enjoy the staff here however I can't say I like the procedures I had done.I had a cracked molar so I went here and was told I needed 5 crowns, ok...So I had 5 crowns done over several months not knowing how painful the temp's would be; an understatement. I finally had the $7,000 of crowns done (nearly 2k out of pocket and exhausted my dental benefits) when 2 months later one of the crowns went ape-shit on me while having soup.... absolutely excruciating. Went back and they said I needed a root canal now but they can't do it and I'd need to see a specialist, another 1200 or so. I had the tooth pulled which wasn't pleasant. I felt at that time that I had been had by these folks. I should have had a root canal done first prior to these crowns and if I couldn't afford it at the time we should have gone slower. When I have anything cold another of the crowns feels like it's tightening up and pops, I'm thinking when they cemented these in they didn't get a good seal which is causing these issues.At this point I'm going to have every one of these pulled as they give me problems and I'll have my dentistry done by a family friend in Mexico! Thanks for the great work!This is the Walmart of dental care. In no way do they treat people any better then a quick sell, been going there 2 years then I broke a tooth and was in pain but there was no way I could be seen. Went to another place and was treated better and seen quickly for some temp work.   I understand they were crowded but as a two year customer that always pays I felt I should at least be seenWas scheduled for oral surgery. Receptionist wrote down the wrong day and of course no courtesy call was given to remind me. I just happened to call on the day I thought my procedure was and was told "oh that was yesterday." WHAT? No one bothered to notice I missed an oral surgey appt??? Veey nonchalant, no apology, nothing. I had to contact four other locations before landing an appointment. If the pain wasn't so bad I would have brushed it off but geeez where is the customer service? Hopefully the next location will actually provide the care. (Yes...I will be calling every day to confirm the damn appointment!)Skip the Ann location.I'm so angry right now. I've gotten my teeth cleaned ever 6 months for at least the past 10 years (I'm 31). I lost my insurance when I moved to Vegas from Hayward, CA in October. I couldn't wait to get my teeth cleaned when I got insurance again last week since I'm big on health/dental care. When I came to Absolute Dental, registration was fine, nice lady. The dental assistant was nice but I had to ask her to put plastic over the chin piece used to take a 360 x-ray. I then had to ask her to change her gloves before doing mouth piece x-rays after she scratched under her nose and flipped up her hair. So far, ok. Then the dentist came in and he checked my teeth/reviewed my x-rays. No cavities, everything looks good. I knew I had receding gum lines and bone loss (been going on for years; hereditary, nothing I can do more than I already do by taking care of my teeth/gums naturally). Another lady came to see "what kind of cleaning I need" ( never had any issues with a cleaning and have had an AMAZING dentist in the past) she looked at my gums and said I need some sort of cleaning the would get the plaque out of the gums (but it wasn't deep cleaning nor were my teeth "that" bad especially considering not having them cleaned for 11 months! This particular cleaning would cost me $61 out of pocket. I don't have the money and I'm a hard working mother/wife. I asked to just have the cleaning my insurance covered, the lady refused. She said BC she thinks I need the deeper cleaning, the regular cleaning wouldn't do anything for me. I told her I don't have the money I just want the regular cleaning, she said no, so I left. I was so angry. I will never recommend this place or go back. If my insurance covers a cleaning and my teeth are healthy then wtf!? Ur office wasted 2 hours if my precious life. Thanks for nothingW.T.Actual.F.???!!!I never write bad reviews, because I feel like it's bad karma to interfere with someone's livelihood, but they interfered with mine by wasting my time.The assistant and dentist were nice enough.  No problem there.I had a noon appointment for a teeth cleaning, which is something that, you know, a hygienist should be scheduled for.  After taking x-rays and seeing the dentist, they asked me if I could come back at two, because the hygienist was at lunch.  It gets better... When I asked the receptionist what they were thinking scheduling an appointment for a cleaning  when they knew the hygienist wouldn't be there.  Well, you have to see  the dentist first.  Yes, and then the hygienist comes in right after.  I've been to a dentist before, thank you for explaining how it works.  When I said, "Wouldn't most people consider that a waste of time?", I received a non-commital shrug and a "Hm."You guys are the ones who violated the social contract to not willfully waste people's time, and you can't even say anything to say, "Yeah, we screwed up." They didn't, because it's their standard practice.  They charge for the x-rays before you leave, because they're not dumb enough to think anyone is actually coming back.I came here with a friend to have a good time and have a beer and encounter a couple of  issue which upset me.  First of all this is a bar not a freaking club so there no reason to have a bouncer outside asking people for id and shit that dumb is the only pts that does it.  Second the bartender was rude I order two drinks and he wanted me to pay right away and of course expected a tip im like really dude how about I pay you when im done drinking and eating and if your service is good you will get a tip a hole.  And finally the drinks were bad you can tell he was a rookie bartender that didnt know what he was doing the service was awful I even paid and left the drink on top of the bar and left.  I dont recommend this PTs to anyone stay away and spend your money somewhere else.Probably one of the worst PTs I've been to in town. We waited till happy hour (12am) on a Sunday to order garlic Parmesan fries, at 12:25am we still didn't receive our order, we decided to check up with the bar tender that put in our order, we finally received our fries at 12:37am. 37 freakin' minutes to get our fries, upon first bite we could tell the fries were old and sat under the heater for at least 15 mins before they got out to us. They were horrible and the garlic Parmesan they used was incredibly overwhelming and slopped on-top of the fries with no desire to make it tasteful. It couldn't get any worse right? After getting our second basket of make up fries, we all dove right in, after picking at the fries I was fortunate enough to pick one up and dip it into my ranch discovering a long black string dangling from my fries, I realized, it was a disgusting long piece of black hair!! We all wanted to puke. Probably one of the most disgusting feelings ever. Sent the fries back a second time and obviously didn't order another batch and made sure the bar tender took it off our tab--Also we could tell the waitress Christine was super happy with her job and really enjoyed checking up on her customers. She definitely made sure we had water, ranch, and forks after numerous times of asking her --definitely check this place out if you like slow, bad customer service and disgusting hairy food.I like PT's but not this one .. Bartender didn't take care or give you any clue about the gaming discount for drink and they're charged  me all the drinks and food full price event I gambled. I should have free drinks Cus only 1 drink .. I pay for the hold bill food and drink with gambled with them .. When I asked he said nothing we can do with it lol thank you mr. Bartender ..Probably the worst PTs in Vegas. We had 1 drink and left. The bartender never checked up on us until it was time for us to close our tab. I'm in the service industry and found the customer service to be lacking terribly. I will never return. (Spitting in a "dip cup" behind the bar is absolutely disgusting btw. My group was mortified)The worst pt's in town. Service absolutely sucks, with two bartenders behind the bar. Over $40 down and not even hey do you want a water.Went here on a Saturday night roughly around 4am. Friends played pool... So I sat around the pool area where all the tables were filled with dirty dishes and napkins. After 30 minutes or soooo, a server came around to clean the table area I sat at... So I asked her for a menu. She nods her head up and down and never came back... Hungry and angry I looked around and see her chit chatting it up while sitting down on the sofa area. I seriously hate hate hate bad service and those lazy servers that go do other stuff while your customer is waiting. Wth, so an hour later we left and went to eat elsewhere.Went in at 8pm on Tues September 1.  My boyfriend spent $60 in the machine and the bartender only wanted to comp one of his beers. There were about 10 customers at the bar and it was very slow. She acted like it was a problem for her when we needed food or refills for drinks. Will never return because of the poor service.This was the worst customer service experience ive ever had, the employees there dnt attend to every one and it was not even busy when i was in there me and my girl friend had a booth with food and my girls jacket and they just throw it all away and acted like we left and gave the both to some other people,  terrible customer service these employees would not survive if they were actually supervised, the girls name was talisa terible serviceWorst parking situation, other cars double park to block you in and PT's has no solution but to ask the bar go'ers. Takes forever to get a drink from bartenders, better off standing in line at a club.Horrible horrible service. Came for happy hour and literally had to flag down the bartenders every time I needed something. We ordered a round of shots that they forgot completely about so we had to ask a second time for it. Bartenders didn't check up on me once to see if I needed refills nor if I wanted to order food. This place needs some new bartenders.Nasty acting bartenders, I may not have ordered alcohol but everyone else in my party did. C'est la vie.   Take money and appetite somewhere where people don't have an issue doing their job. I apologize, half a star wasn't an option.There's always a wait .. Isn't the point to be able to get your pizza right always ? They need more cooks in the back and more cashiers in the front. The people who work here r rudeHorrible, Ive had problems in the past with them treating me badly but always over looked it as maybe an off day for them. But today they told me pick up my order via phone in 20 minute which I was fine with only to arrive there for pick up and have them tell me I have to still wait... 40 minutes passed since I placed the order over the phone, I waited outside in my car since the place was packed full of angry customers already waiting on their delayed  food, I walk back in and I'm told I have to wait yet again. I then asked to speak with the manager who then blamed me for the delay, telling me I left so it's my fault it took so long. I was calm but after that I was deeply upset.Now I'm not a genius but whether I arrived early or late who's to blame for when food is done on time or not? The business or customer.

Coach & Willies is the reason negative ratings should be possible on @yelp.I will never, ever return.When we arrived, we ordered a beer, and a soda.We also ordered nachos. They were piled high. This is a good thing.Removing the first couple chips resulted in a couple olives falling on to the bar. I wiped them into a pile, but figured I'd wait until I was done, to catch anything else, and clean it up.A few of us decided to have a shot, to celebrate a birthday-in-progress. I flagged one of the bartenders down.He approaches me and says "Are you gonna stop making a mess on my bar?"

Where do these kitchen people come from?  sure as heck not from culinary school.  The lady who dropped off my food was a very strange and unfriendly person, no eye contact, no words, just plopping down my food in front of me as if she were some kind of a machine - - what a waste of $11... wtf!Not acknowledged It is hard to ever think of going back to this place after we went about of our way to go there only to stand at the counter, no other customers,  for over 4 minutes and watched six staffers walk past us. Not one person said a word. Don't waste your time going here. We won't.I live in the area and I've given this place a very fair chance. Nice ambience but the service has been consistently terrible and today when I stood in a half empty place and waited 10 minutes for a beer and learned that the guy standing in front of me washing dishes was actually capable of getting me the beer BUT DIDNT I left. Very disappointing...I've long admired the design elements of their furniture, and I've purchased a few pieces (about 10 years ago) from the store in Cincinnati , and had a great experience. Consequently, when my guy bought a new home in Scottsdale and asked for help decorating, one of our first stops was the store in Houston We met with a "designer" and discussed our design styles (which she seemed to get) and left her the house floor plans so she could create a proposal. We returned and she had some good ideas and despite MY concerns about the sectional, assured us it would fit. My issues: The sectional DID NOT fit.  She ordered the wrong configuration. The furniture arrived months (we were told 8 weeks.  It was closer to 12) later than promised, but after our purchase of nearly $26k worth of furniture, we received no follow up from the designer, sales person etc. We later learned the designer quit, so we began working with the manager (who did her best) ...Overall, this has been a rather disappointing experience ...and quite honestly, I'm not sure the quality warrants the price. I fear they've grown too fast ...After spending over $18,000 at Arhaus, what a disappointing experience.  Disappointing quality for the price and poor customer service.  We placed an order for furniture early November 2015 and we are still waiting!  I would suggest other options based on our experience below.Our salesperson, who did come to our home for a consultation, was very helpful in helping us pick out furniture.  After touting the quality of Arhaus furniture, we placed an order in November.  Initially we were told that we should be able to get it all by December.  We soon realized that that would not happen.  We received a partial order delivery for two chairs and cabinets in December.  One of the chairs had a pillow that was torn, as noticed by the delivery person, so that chair had to be exchanged.  Also, after Arhaus sent a service tech to our home to adjust a cabinet, he said that he couldn't because the cabinet wasn't built correctly, so that had to be sent back too.  Disappointing that we are already sending things back after the first delivery.  Initially, there were only supposed to be two deliveries, the first half of our furniture, then the second.At the end of December, we received another delivery including a coffee table trunk and base.  The delivery person immediately noticed that the base of the coffee table trunk was damaged and needed replacing.  So out of two deliveries, we now have two returns.Let me mention that the Arhaus warehouse is in Ohio.  It takes about one week to leave the Ohio warehouse, one week to get to the Phoenix delivery company, plus a few additional days to schedule in-home delivery  It's about a 2-3 week process.  The Phoenix delivery company starts to call us to schedule deliveries in January, but we ask them to wait until all the items have arrived so we don't have so many deliveries.It is now early March (yes, March!), and finally, most of the furniture has arrived in Phoenix.  I say most, because we are still waiting on non-custom furniture, which according to the Arhaus website is "In Stock".  As I later find out from a Customer Care person, "In Stock," means nothing at all.  Part of this delivery is the cabinet exchange which is again, the wrong one.Then later in March, we have what we think will be the last delivery.  Wrong, again!  Of the four "In Stock" chairs, only two arrive and the cabinet exchange... you guessed it!  Wrong one again.  Having just got off the phone with Arhaus, they told me that they have no idea when the cabinet will arrive in Ohio for shipment to AZ and the two remaining chairs are somewhere in the Ohio warehouse, "but they have been looking for a week and cannot find them".  They will call when they do.  We are now hoping for a late April delivery.I would like to reiterate that the the salesperson was very helpful initially with helping us choose what to buy.  They are also paid on commission, so that is understandable.  My impression, however, is that once the sale is made and Arhaus has your money, the customer service ends there.  We have never received a call from our salesperson asking how things are going and if we are satisfied.  The Arhaus store manager at Kierland Commons, Scottsdale, AZ, who we spoke to on several occasions about our situation was sorry and apologetic, but she advised us that she really cannot do anything and that we need to call Customer Care.  Wait a minute!  Didn't I buy my furniture here, not online?  Once the sale is made, the store really doesn't want anything more to do with you.  We have spoken with Customer Care countless times.  Each time you have to start from the beginning and each time you get a different answer.  At one point, even the delivery company called Arhaus.  The delivery company then called me back and told me that Arhaus was completely disorganized and had no idea where the furniture was.  Customer care is always extremely apologetic.  They have agreed to refund all delivery fees, but it is truly frustrating to having to work with such a disorganized company.I am greatly disappointed in the experience we had.  We still have not received our complete order.  We have been extremely patient throughout the process, but what a frustration.  Every delivery has come with something that had to be returned (at no fault of the delivery company).  For the price we paid and the quality we expected, it was a great disappointment.  I am so glad we chose to make the rest of our purchases elsewhere.Ordered furniture December 26.  Told me it would be delivered in 8-12 weeks.  It is now April 21 and was told last week it would be delivered by April 15 and it still isn't here.  The sales rep is trying and is clearly in the middle of something she can't control.  That said, the expectations should be set differently.  We spent over $40,000 on furniture and the service post sale has been VERY disappointing.  Will report back once furniture is delivered. I would say steer away from this place for now.  They need to figure out how to scale.  I ordered other furniture from Restoration Hardware, Crate and Barrel and Pottery Barn and received it all in 5 weeks.Had an unfortunate experience just the other day at the Scottsdale Arhaus store. As I was returning an outdoor rug sample to the clerk (not the designer), she asked me if I  was going to purchase the runner. I told her "no" not today. In response she said, "what would it take to get you to purchase the rugs today". I thought "what"??? Am I in a car dealership? What a pushy question and she was just the cashier. Then went on to tell me that the while the rug I was looking at was new to the store could be discontinued in a couple of months. Pushy again. I haven't informed the designer I met the day before regarding my experience. Because of the experience I will continue to look elsewhere for what I need. I also thought the price of the runner was WAY overpriced.Well, had another fun interaction with Arhaus.  It is now June 10th and we finally received all of our furniture after ordering in November 2015 and being told it would be here in no more than 3 months.  So, we have gone over 7 months without furniture.  And, then the kicker, we applied for the "deferred," Arhaus credit card (which I paid off) and just got notice that I would have to pay the interest rate on the entire amount and I didn't even have the furniture in my home yet?????Finally got them to waive half of the amount.  Shame on me for not reading the fine print but the way this company works from over promising, delivery costs, billing practices is terrible.  The store is beautiful be be AWARE of how things work post the sale.  STAY AWAY!!!!Great store, great stuff but these kids don't know how to spell their own names.  DON'T buy from them unless you are willing to:

-make eye contact

Their fries were soggy and warmish...

When I get home I take a look at the PS pump, doesn't look like its leaking to me but to be on the safe side I decide to rebuild it. I go to AutoZone and pick up a rebuild kit for $27.Then I decide I'm going to pull the front tire off to get a good look around the crank area of the engine. I start looking around and yes there is oil on the rack and pinion but, there is also oil on the oil filter, forward of the rack. I cleaned up everything as best I could and while looking around I notice a slight seep from the oil filter itself. Upon closer inspection, I found where a tool has been wedged against it causing a crease and crack. Are you kidding me???? These guys are ASE certified mechanics and didn't see this right in front of his face???? This was no simple "oversight", this was blatant fraud!!!

- - As my son finished his Sprite, we also found a gratuitous amount of black particulate matter floating in the bottom of the drink.  None of us consumed any more beverage and we took photos of that as well.

We were excited about this place until we experienced the service and the food. Meatball Spot - PLEASE get it together.   We love having new places to go to.  Train your staff to be "on it", "polished" and "professional".   Make your food more sophisticated.   You are way too cool looking to have bad service and bland, greasy food.  Alcohol is not the only thing that will keep you in business in this town. IN DETAIL...

Bar seating was full so we chose to wait 20 minutes for a table in the restaurant. 40 minutes later the hostess sat us in the back of the restaurant ( even though open tables were available towards the front where the tvs were. It took our waitress a heavy set Mexican woman 15 minutes to approach the table.

Couldn't sleep, because of the constant noise of cars and people going up and down the stairs.  My room was in the back of the building.  Great for illegal actions to go on, no security and those cameras at the front desk are worthless.  Management doesn't care what goes on here or the condition of the rooms.

And waited.After approx 40 minutes (which went by fast as we're old friends and had a lot of catching up to do), I poked my head towards reception and was told "We forgot you were here, we're sorting it out"Another 20 minutes pass, and employees start trying to devise plans to accomodate both of us and both of our appointments.  The hour long wait cost us our much anticipated pool time, they put my friend in a hotel room with a mobile table for her massage, and my afternoon of relaxation turned to extreme anxiety and disappointment.They did not apologize, simply took our money and turned their noses up at us.  The worst of it is, I used my birthday GC on this piece of crap spa :(

Due to the interesting placement of our room I was able to park right outside my door in the garage.Negatives:

The wafting aroma of flame broiled beef.It was too much. We were sucked in like a Vietnamese basket-whore, (so i hear) despite neither of us liking ground beef all that much.Missing lunch, we came here for an early dinner...like way early...like 4:30 early.

Aloo Baigan (Big chunk of uncook potatoes)

Also, though there was no indication of new age style treatment and the website suggested they would do x-rays and other typical procedures, this did not seem to be the case. To "diagnose," the vet tech would hold the dog with one arm and hold the other arm out. The vet would then push on the vet tech's arm. Depending on the amount of resistance she felt in the vet tech's arm, she would decide whether an organ was in good shape. Needless to say, I brought my dog to my normal vet after this snake oil game. The dog was declining fast and my vet asked for her records. Lanman's records were entirely about the dog's neck and when the vet contacted her and asked for the dog's heart rate and core temperature Dr Lanman lied and made up numbers (since my dog never left my sight and I certainly never say a thermometer come out and the vet herself acknowledged aloud during the visit that she should have gotten the dog's pulse before administering medicine).

- Expansive Arizona parkingNegatives: (in the order I found them)

and not to mention that the food has no flavor whatsoever.

If that is true...  This town is nothing like I thought.  Stay clear of them..  Or insist on PRE-PAYING.  That's what I'm doing everywhere I go.  You're not holding my clothes hostage anymore!Brought my cotton shirts for washing and ironing. They charged me $7.25 each. This was the dry cleaning price instead of washing price of $2.95. How do I prove that I told them wash not dry cleaning?I was in the store to buy pool alarms. I was advised by Leslie pools to purchase 6 alarms. One for each window, and 2 doors. I purchased 6, then found out that I only needed 2 for the doors. My window latches are at 5 feet, so no alarms needed for them. Yes they did tell me no returns once opened however, the first one opened was defective. So we had a few extra, we opened 2 more to get the job done. So we now have an alarm that is opened and defective and the only thing the manager will do is give us another alarm that we don't need. Seriously??? So you are screwed if you happen to get a defective product!!Lowe's has the same alarm for less.. Should have purchased them there!!!Called in a pizza the guy took my order over the phone and said it would be ready in 15 minutes. Walked into the store and the guy that took my order said that it wasn't ready that he couldn't find my order made me wait an extra 20 minutes for my pizza. Horrible service not reliable and didn't feel appreciated or welcomed at all.Worst customer service ever. They don't know what they are doing, Unprofessional. Would not recommend to anyone. There are better credit unions out there that are truly people helping people. Don't bank here!!It is unfortunate that they can't get their home loans on track.  After reading other reviews in regards to their real estate errors I decided to share my experience.  Over 8 years ago, I was one of the fortunate ones who finally received a home loan modification after quite a fight.  I was  eager to get Bank of American off my home loan so in Jan 2015 I reached out to Clark County Mortgage department.  I have been a member with them for over 10 years. Unfortunately I was told that because of my modification I would have to wait another three months before I could refinance.  You better believe when that three month had passed I contacted them again to start the process.  WHAT A JOKE! On April 1st 2015 my loan started for review.  It was stated by my loan officer in an email mind you...I was approved.  On April 29, 2015 I was informed on terms of my loan, which was NOTHING like I was first told.  I NEVER wanted an adjustable and I was very clear about it.  The loan was to be for a 30 year fixed, but now they were saying I'm only approved for an adjustable.  WTF???  After some debate with my husband we were going against our better judgement and agreed to the adjustable, but only to be told were had to provide more paper work in regards to our previous modification.  Finally in may it was told to me that my paperwork went to underwriting.  On June 10th I was told I was in line for underwriting...ARGHHH! Finally in Sept 2016 I got noticed that I was out of underwriting for an adjustable which they raised the interest rate, when I questioned why, I was told it was because of my loan modification.  Are you kidding me????  I was very up front about the loan modification in Jan 2015 when I began the process and it didn't seem to be a problem when I was told April 1, 2015 I was approved.  Then in late april when they gave me the first set of terms to my loan, but to have the terms change AGAIN for the reason of a previous loan modification????  They knew the whole time!!!  I was disgusted and declined the loan.  When the loan officer replied and said "would you like to try to do 4% if we try for an exception?" I had no words!  Why would you not give me the best interest rate possible the first try????  I would NEVER EVER use them.  I finished my re-finace in May 2016 with Southern Fidelity Mortgage and it was a breeze!!!!  Took less than 1.5 months and was so simple.  Completely different from clark county.  I received my 30 year fixed and received a better interest rate than clark county was willing to give me on an adjustable.   My loan modification was not an issue.  I recommend Southern Fidelity Mortgage ask for Kari Phillips.Very high prices, you can find prices 10 - 30% less online with free shipping and zero sales tax!  I cannot understand why anyone buys at these high price retailers unless they want to give away their money and charity would be a better cause helping homeless animals!Wayne GorsekWOW!!!! I remember when this place was sooo busy and you could barely get a parking spot, people comin in and out of the doors, the place would be noisy and crowded, and especially where the game area was.  Most of the time you couldn't even get your hands on a game controller to test anything out, because all the kids had been playing on it forever.  Well that has ALLLLLL changed.The parking lot was empty, the store was quiet as can be, empty, no one around and of course the prices are higher then most places now a days.  I went to look for either a set of computer speakers or a soundbar to add to my small t.v.   I clearly remember when they used to have 3 aisles FULL of computer speakers all sorts of brands and models within each type of brand. Today, the shelf had I think 5 or 6 models, 2 brands and that's about it.  There was no more selection.  The t.v. dept had no sound bars hooked up to test out, and the few they did have on their shelf were very over priced.  Best buy used to have all their stuff hooked up to test out and listen to etc.  That is definitely a thing of the past now.I don't expect the retail store aspect of this company lasting much longer.  They will probably convert to online only or go out of business soon enough.  What a shame too because they used to be so great but they have made a lot of bad business choices and not changed with the times.Their "Low Price Guarantee"  basically excludes the prime times they might offer a lower price.The employees were nice but had an extremely hard time scheduling delivery of 2 items. We went in knowing exactly what we wanted, and it took an hour and a half for them to get everything set up correctly. Training is definitely lacking! Then 3 days later we got an email from BB that they can't deliver the TV when they said they would and changed the delivery date to when we can't be home.  I spent another hour getting the run-around on the phone from corporate before I went to RC Willey and got a TV with delivery done in 20 min on the date I wanted.   Very disappointed in our Best Buy experience..........As many other reviews have said try to avoid this Best Buy if you can.  I have had many bad experiences from floor sales people ignoring customers to outright rude customer service.  Today I spend over 15 minutes at the checkout counter waiting on someone to bring a Nintendo DS to the cash register.  The "stock room" never did answer the pages so the cashier had to go get the item.  Asked to talk to the manager and Kurt came up and asked me "whats the problem?"   Explained to him the problem today and past experiences and he told me thier store gets excellent customer service ratings and "my problems" must be because it is the holidays.  Well Kurt - it wasn't busy when I was there and if this is how you treat customers I will gladly shop on Amazon where things cost less and someone delivers the product to my doorstep in a day or two.  Perhaps when Best Buy closes a store that values thier customers will take the excellent location in Summerlin!I just want to make people aware that the restrooms at this Best Buy are very dirty.Pee and poop before you go there.I've been going to this store for the last 5 years and I've never find the restrooms clean. This time I decided to talk to a manager. I couldn't find one so I grabbed an employee passing by and told him. Your restroom has NO toilet seat covers, NO paper to wipe my ass, NO soap, NO paper towels and it's very dirty.Employee said "I know man, that's why when I have to go, I use the one in Office Depot or I wait till I go home"I'm speechlessNeeded assistance on purchasing a new laptop. Couldn't even get the b*tch@ss of an associate to come help. She was aimlessly walking around and blatantly walked the other way when I asked for help. I walked out and they lost out on $2,200 in sales. Called to speak with a manager about my experience and was told that if I want to come back he'll help me. Honestly he could have cared less and didn't want to waste two seconds to apologize and try to understand which employee is ruining they're business. Definitely taking my business elsewhere to a place that appreciates my hard earned money and you should too.Tried to give this best buy another chance but ran into a very consistent lack of customer service. Witnessed several others very frustrated with the lack of help!  The merchandise stocking is also very poor. Out of many items. I will continue to buy all electronics at Amazon.Needed a new Tv, so I went here.

Rhinestones: $10TOTAL $65 plus $5.00 tip ( for what I don't know). I hate thin nails. I may be going back to have them done AGAIN per the 3 day policy. Now I didn't get anything fancy at all and the nails are short. No where near "long" and he charged me to shape them? All it takes is a file. I'm not impressed. I had to ASK for a drink, it was never offered to me. One thing I vow to do is never come back here. I will get my original cheap nails that last forever at the regular places and do my own designs. It's a shame because I thought I would be able to sit back and let someone else do them. The nails are VERY thin too. What a waste.I went here over three months ago and it's overpriced with loud music. Don't waste your time. I came here with a friend who is a regular and the chairs are uncomfortable, along with the pedicure bowl which is detached; that's a major design flaw.

This should have been a red flag and indication to run, but we still ordered and sure enough, the 'bbq" just was cooked meat (tried rib tips[extremly old and dry], whole chicken, chicken wings, and pulled chicken [found bones]) with bbq sauce on it.

Prime rib and kobe beef, pesto mashed potatoes, and the grilled vegetables, and napoleon for dessert. that's it.I really do NOT understand how people can rave that this is one of the best buffets in LV.I would like to say first that my 1 star does not reflect the food available at this buffet at all, entirely the service. That being said that food is not much different than many other high end buffets offered on the strip for the exact same price, and certainly not more delicious or different enough to go back and undergo the same treatment. A group of 5 of us decided to have brunch there on Sunday. The line was incredibly long but we were not in a hurry and waited patiently for about 30-40 minutes. We were all on vacation, staying at the hotel, and this was our last opportunity to spend time together before we all left (to various cities/states) later that evening. Each of us ordered the "unlimited" champagne option with the intention of eating, drinking, and hanging out for quite some time. At first our server was very helpful. He was friendly and was prompt to refill our waters, juice, and champagne. After we were there for a couple of hours he asked us if we needed anything else because he was getting ready to leave. This was obviously his cue that he wanted a tip but that was fine, most of us have worked in the service industry and he was polite about it. Two of us had tipped him on our credit card and another one of us at the table gave him $20 upon this cue. 30 minutes or so passed and we were all running low on drinks and a new server had not been by to greet us. We spotted him walking by and asked him if he could refill our drinks or send whichever coworker was going to be taking over our table. At this point his personality had taken a complete 180 and he rudely explained that we drank too much and he wasn't going to provide anymore refills on the "unlimited" champagne. This was entirely untruthful and ridiculous for all of the following reasons:1) We had been there for 3 hours at this point, yes we had been drinking semi-continuously during this time but we were also continuously eating.2) there were FIVE of us, obviously the amount of champagne the entire table consumed was going to be elevated vs. most tables of 2 or 3

We rented from a house on Swenson St and one night the toilets and sinks overflowed with raw sewage. We tried calling the emergency number to no avail and called a plumber who charged us over $200 and Southwest Management refused to reimburse us!We set-up a walk-thru with our new property manager (after our current one was fired) four times and he never showed. Then, he sent us a letter stating that we weren't letting him on the property! After numerous phone calls and emails he finally returned our call and came by to inspect the house. TWO WEEKS LATER we received a certified letter in the mail stating that they suspected drug usage in the house!!!!I have never in my life been so mistreated by a property management company. Do your research before you move and beware Southwest management.Tessa was the listing agent on a property I was declined on. My credit score a 700, 20 yrs. on the job in Las Vegas & earned 5 times the monthly rent amount. She is lazy and condescending. Marco is the same, her manager. Neither of them went the extra mile; neither of them cared to ask for my input. This is bad for any landlord that only wants an on time paying renter with good income that is clean and near. Do yourself a favour look else where to hire a property manager. Save yourself the credit check if your a renter!I recently applied for a rental property through Tessa, a listing agent at the company. With my 700 credit score, 20 yrs on the job in Las Vegas, and 5 times the monthly income of rent I believed it would be no problem. However I was wrong, when it came to verify my history neither Tessa or Marco would go the extra mile and ask me my side of the story. Tessa is lazy and opinionated. Marco couldn't be bothered, he just repeats himself like a talking bird.

No thanks. It's not really the same, you know.GUITAR CENTER EMPLOYEE

I wouldn't recommend anyone to this place. If you're going to be at the Venetian, go eat at Postrio!we received two complimentary dinner tickets form the Plazzo.

TL;DR - Go somewhere else. This place is shady and rude. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY AT PARTY USA!Disorganized. Ripoffs. Rude, airhead employees that don't clean and freely talk on there cell phones whilst you asking them a simple question. Id rather rub sand in my eyes. Disgusted.If I could give 0 stars I would! Horrible employees, horrible customer service, and horrible management. Back in may I had purchased balloons for my graduation party. After we picked them up and took them out of the plastic bag we realized they were table height when we asked for floor length. By the time the party started some of the balloons had deleted and we paid extra for high float.Later we called the store and explained our situation and were told we would get a credit! I went in to pick up my credit and was told by management that there was a list of credits in the back and not to worry.Today I went to use that credit and no one  knew anything about it. Later I got on the phone with Kevin the rude manager who assured me that my situation wouldn't have happened and that there is no list so he basically insinuated that I was lying.I failed to mention that the day I went to order my balloons the lady behind the counter was less than helpful and made faces when we asked different styles of center balloons. Clearly she hates her job and life. Not one smile the whole time she helped us. This store is a waste of time and so are the people stay away!!!!Ordered 6 over priced latex plain balloons, waited 20 min and no one even began to fill my balloons knowing that I was waiting , ended up getting a refund due to the wait . Refund took so long and no one ever even apologized for the wait or anything . Awful customer service !!We went in to look for a costume for an event, they were busy and the girl at the costume counter was pleasant. Her manager however was the biggest jerk I've ever encountered, he was yelling at the employees in front of everyone threatening them and saying they all had to work mandatory overtime, then he did it over the intercom. I will never come back...!!!I witnessed the manager yelling at the employees and threatening them with mandatory overtime or else they can leave...who does that? very unprofessional.I left the store and bought the same outfit on Amazon. I will never come backZERO stars here. Halloween costumes over priced and extremely cheap. And they will not do exchanges even if it's a manufactures defect. Don't waste your time or money here. BAD business.Had the worst experience ever. Made 2 visits here. On the first visit, I was rudely told by an employee that I wasn't able to purchase an item that was not yet in the system when they were still putting it on the shelves. Seriously? Why would you even put it out for customers to see if it's not readily available for purchase yet? I guess they didn't want to make any money that day. At checkout, I waited almost 15 minutes in line which I clearly didn't get because there was 4 employees behind the counter and only 1 person handling the registers. Some of the employees was just standing behind the counter literally doing nothing but walking back and forth. Even the other customers in line were getting irritated. After finally getting to the registers, I asked to get a pinata down, which then took another 20 minutes of waiting because after being told to wait for someone in the isle, no one ever came so as I went back to the register to make sure they were sending someone to help me, I heard the girl at the register ask the guy if he got the page to help me and he replied back saying" no I was outside on my break." seriously?!Second visit I was picking up some balloons and after literally walking out of the door, the balloons had popped because yes unfortunately it was a windy day but after going back in to ask if they would re-do the balloons that I payed $37 for, they said they could do it for an additional charge! You got to be kidding me! Finally after arguing with the manager, she told me that they would do it free of charge as a courtesy. THEN once the guy started working on my balloon order he said that he didn't know how to do the balloon arch like I previously had it so he asked if he could just do a bouquet instead ( mind you it was an additional $5.99 to make it into an arch). At that point I was so livid and waited way to long to get everything situated that I just told him to do whatever because I was already late to my son's party. I  normally don't write reviews but I just had to voice my experience on this one for I have never experienced customer service like this before.I worked here for a day ONE day and never returned the management is awful. They had me come in as a key holder but told me to pretend to be a cashier problem one. Everything was just so disorganized and disfunctional that I couldn't stand it 9 hour work day with no break. Oh and the one pregnant cashier who asked for a break was told no but the GM went out on his and told her he had to run her registar so why did she need one. Mind you there was a long line and I needed help for my first day. Worst business I have ever been too.DO NOT SHOP HERE! Worst customer service ever. The shop is dirty and messy and supply is low on inventory. I tried to get a refund for unused plates and cutlery that I purchased just 2 days ago and they refused to make an exception to their return policy. The packaging was in tact and items were unused and they wouldn't budge. You are better off shopping at Target or Walmart to purchase any of your party goods!!!!I find it funny that a business  that has a sign at the counter asking for Yelp reviews has someone like Latasha working for them.  They obviously want the reviews but they aren't going to get better when you have a customer service representative like Latasha who says out loud that she doesn't care who's feelings she hurts today.  Wow... Is all I have to say.  Kayleigh on the other hand is extremely customer friendly and service oriented.  Too bad she's over shadowed by such negativity. I will definitely look to buy party supplies from somewhere else in the future.  Who needs the negativity when you're trying to celebrate happy moments.I've been here before and have never received such crappy service. I've talked to three different women about filling up the 10 balloons that I paid for 25 minutes ago. I am just now receiving service. I don't know if they're short staffed or not but I will not be back. This is ridiculous.OMG thee worst!!!!  I'd rather eat glass. Every time I go I swear never again. If it wasn't so close to my house...I can literally throw a rock at it.  Hhhmmmm not a bad idea. Worst customer service, long line always, never more than 2 useless cashiers. "Did you find everything you needed?" and when I say "no" conversation ends. Nobody cares to find out why or what. Why do you ask then??!!! So please quit asking me 'customer service girl with the super bad attitude'.Not only is the store always a mess with weird random stuff but NOTHING IS PRICED. So irritating. So next time I bring up to the register 4 different balls because not one of them had a price, please don't act so put out when I have you look up the cost of each then change my mind.  Trust me I didn't love waiting in that long ass line just to hear how over priced and inconsistent the crap in your store is. Never again. I promise you this time.Not great, the workers were not so friendly. I understand people not having a good day but that's no excuse to bring that upon your customers. Some reviews say they were excellent but when I went there it was the total opposite. There was only one nice lady there who was a bit older. But however, the others are total bummers, like they actually killed my vibe. Never going there again for anything.This store is so trashy. They have Horrible service. I've been there several times and it doesn't fail to hear people always complaint. Store has so much random junk all over they place looks like they picked up all that junk in the LA district. All the junk is placed everywhere. Takes forever to check out. For being Boca park this store stinks. This store in this condition belongs in the east side.Went in yesterday to order for today. Got there today & balloons were not ready. They tried to do the balloons quickly & I had to explain it to them several times. Apparently the girl who took the order didn't charge me for weights. I offered to pay for them but to their credit they gifted them to me. Thankfully my receipt did state that I paid for  1 of the special bouquets with mylars.  I also noticed about 1/2 of their balloons were defective (popping, ripped seams, holes). 2 mins after I got home the balloons began popping. The big bouquet wasn't secured on the weight & blew away. At least my birthday boy got to see it first. So by the time the guests arrived (15 minutes later)  we are down 50%.I purchased several items from this Party USA for a party that I will be hosting soon.  I later realized that my husband had already purchased one of the items; I returned the next day to the same Party USA to return the item to the same clerk.  I had my receipt in hand and the product was both unused and unopened.  The clerk pointed to a sign that read, "All sales are final".  Why would anyone shop at Party USA when there are so many good alternative options around with much better customer service?  I will not be a returning customer to Party USA.Not the best visit to a party store I've ever received... We came in looking for the syringes that you can put shots/jello shots in. Right away we went to talk to employee and ask where they were at since we figured we wouldn't be able to find them on our own. The sales associate then took us to the costume aisle and gave us a plastic surgeons costume syringe and walked away. Definitely not the ones we were looking for so we went to the cash register and asked the woman at the front and she told us to go to the bachelor/bachelorette party area and look through the BOXES there. Yes, she told us to look through their boxes of items they hadn't put out yet. Even though we went through the boxes we still didn't find them, so we left. Awful customer service and there's only two people working who don't want to be there. Great job Party USA. I applaud your awful customer service to making my top five worst experiences.HORRIBLE store - I bought a Halloween corset and when I got home it was damaged they asked if I checked the package at store? Uh no I didn't expect to buy damaged stuff then I was charged double - they wouldn't give a refund but I could get same item to replace it but they didn't have one so when I went back up to counter she was socializing I left corset without refund or exchange and will not be returning!!!!!!There's just something about this place. I'm not sure if it's the slow staff or not a huge selection on anything. The balloons they display look droopy too. I've been here a few times and every time I go I never have a pleasant experience...The store is a MESS and they have the worst customer service and return policy.  It's my first review bc it's that bad. The salesclerk informed me that their party favors were returnable and when I tried to return it, unused, they refused to take it back!I had the worst experience ever. I have been client of this bank since 8 years ago., But I hadn't been in this branch before.I went there in March 2013 with 7000 dollars to deposit in my account. This  money was my moms which is visiting here from South America. I offered her to keep her money in my account while she is here in Arizona.

Diane was very pleasant to speak with and fit me in at the very last minute (very much appreciated at the time)

3) Security in Red Coat by Lux Tower - As my family was walking out, my husband asked, "excuse me, where's the Lux pool?" He told us...then I asked, "why would the gym close by 8?" His response, "well everyone here is drunk by 10pm anyway..." My thoughts, "does he not see that we're with our under aged kids?"

Stingray sushi? Try the stinging ray of disappointment.Hair in our sushi. All servers with their long hair down? Not fresh. Not good. Won't be back.I came here for my best friend's birthday dinner. She made a reservation for 8pm and we didn't get seated until 9:30pm! We had a fairly large group, about 8 people, and we were just awkwardly standing outside while someone would come outside every 15 minutes to tell us our table was ALMOST ready. After an hour of this nonsense our group was ready to go somewhere else because we were so hungry. However, we decided to wait it out. Apparently we were waiting for people to pay their check and finish their meal. What was the point of making a reservation? Once we were seated our food came pretty quickly but our waitress seemed less than enthused. I ordered the salmon roll and spicy crab roll which I would say were pretty decent. I don't eat sushi much but my friend who also attended the dinner and eats sushi said that it was just average. Needless to say I will not be coming back here again.We ordered ours to go and they missed one order of sashimi plate and there was no wasabi in any of the other entrees/rolls we ordered :( Now who forgets wasabi??? Fish was fresh though and sushi rolls were delicious. We got spicy tuna, spicy crab, and some California rolls in addition to entrees.Very disappointed.  I think because its in such a touristy area, they can get away with being less than average. Server was very pleasant but the disappointment was with our food and drink. Flat coke, it actually tasted like the lines were dirty. My friend's coffee was murky luke warm and just bad. I hoped the sushi

"Strike Three": The Dessert arrives. They called it: Blood Orange Crème Brule??  It was un-edible. Who ever made this and then let it be served should be fired on the spot. There is not a Culinary School in America that would call this Crème Brule. Ugh!!  Take this as a warning and head over the "Eleven" where we dined last night, which was spot on for 3 magnificent courses. If this place is in business 12 months from now, I will be surprised.  Take my advice and head somewhere else.We dined here for Valentine's Day and I was looking forward to the tasting menu. I enjoyed the sunchoke purée, lobster risotto and coeur la creme. The duck confit salad and steak were nothing impressive. However, the service was just horrible. No one took the time to describe the menu or offer the wine tasting with each course. We sat a long time waiting on service and our plates were literally tossed on the table with no explanation of the dish. There seemed to be mass confusion amongst the wait staff and we were even served a course 2 times and had to tell the server he had the wrong table. We ordered bottled water and when finished, no one offered more and filled out glasses with tap water instead. I just cannot forgive paying $80/person and having such horrible service. We will not be returning nor recommending this place to anyone.Very disappointed  at Nine on Nine.  On September 27, 2014, an attentive manager could not make up for the inexperienced server and less than mediocre  food served here.  We were a party of twenty, with reservations made at least two weeks in advance.  We were presented with a modified "party" menu that had a cold section (choice of 2 or 3 items), warm section (2-3 items), entrees (I think there were 4-5 choices including  salmon, chicken, steak, vegetarian, and something else.  Even with this reduced menu, the kitchen staff nor bar staff could not keep up.  No one at our table was served any courses at the same time, so we we all eating separately, trying to save the evening by politely picking at the plate when it was set down.  Very underwhelmed, and will not return.  Ever.We came to the bar after dinner for snacks and drinks.  The waitress informed us that the kitchen was closed and that we would only be able to get dessert (not made in house).  This would have been fine except 45 min later we see that other guests are receiving food.  Long story short, we were told that the waitress was mistaken, and we can order now if we want.  Zero apology with a smug superior attitude gets you one star.I will say, dessert was taken off of the bill, but really a simple "I'm so sorry, it was my mistake" would have been much better.(the waitress hid in the back after she passed us on to some one else)Worst place ever. Went in for happy hour and the bartender got an attitude when we asked for the happy hour menu. Then he proceeded to make a comment that the happy hour wine I just ordered was subpar. The last thing I want after a long day is to deal with a rude waiter who thinks people ordering from a happy hour menu are not worth his time or general respect. We left and called the manager who basically didn't care about the bartender's lack of professionalism. I'll never go back particularly since there are plenty of other great places to go in Pittsburgh where the service is professional and respectful.Good: Nice wines. Excellent live music. Bad: My group of 4 was told by the bartender that she had to help the seated customers at the bar first rather than us 4 standing waiiting for drinks. We entered the business 20 mins before the seated guests. WOW.Served all of us once we got a table but forgot my girls' wine. No apology. No discount. No acknowledgement. No nothing. WOW. Was an owner as well apparently.As we were leaving, no acknowledgement of thanks for coming, come back and see us, nothing. Just busy washing wine glasses behind the bar.If it was not for the live music, would not step inside this place. This is why the place will not last because of reviews like this. You HAVE to have a better customer experience.Customer service poor=lack of business.too stuck up and over priced for Gilbert.  Needs a decent happy hour.  I'll just wait til Postinos is in Gilbert!Arrived at Vine Expressions at 6:05pm on Dec 27, 2012 to find the business closed. We checked both front and back doors.. We drove to Vine Expressions AFTER phoning and listening to the recorded message with their hours, and AFTER checking the date on their website events : "Angela Ferrari/ The girl has pipes!!

They don't know you?

Until then, get the beers in...

My husband was certain the salsa was not made in house.

They claim they only take PPO in person.

DO NOT RENT FROM THEMI read all the negative reviews (on yelp, plus many other sites, even a poker forum had a whole thread warning people to stay away from this company) so I guess it is my fault for actually renting from these guys.  I was in a pinch and needed a quick place to stay short term and figured it can't go too bad. Needless to say, I regret it. I will spare all the details but I will say they are scammers, and scatterbrained. They keep deposits for made up damages hoping you won't fight them. And God forbid you have a repair cause they will never get there and refuse to let you use an outside source. My guess this is they mark up the invoice they give to the actual owner. They even took a cash payment at their office and tried to say they never got it until I showed back up with the receipt. Unbelievable. They even had the nerve to try to give a bad review about me to another owner in the same complex when I was moving out, early mind you, with rent pre paid in full just to get away from these guys. Luckily he just LOL'd cause he knew their reputation. Ask anyone in the complex, even the HOA and they will tell you to run from these people (Constantine and Wanda). I don't know how you two sleep at night.Grade A con artists. Do not under any circumstances do business with Wanda or Cinstantino.Refuse to fix ongoing plumbing issue. Told to "put draino down it" ... Not sure if that response is legal. Suggestions?Britney is one of the few stars that has ever existed that can command an entire arena, that emits spiritual and psychic positive energy through her voice and performance that has the power to change how an audience feels.  I have seen this countless times, at nightclubs: boring after boring song comes on, but when the DJ plays Britney suddenly the room erupts.  Very few performers had the ability to do this, in history.  Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley, Judy Garland... the names on this list are surprisingly few.  However, Britney Spears is one of them.  She has the power to illuminate a room, and the World, with her work.  I am not quite sure she realizes this, she is probably far too humble, which is an integral part of  her mysterious Greatness... but I digress.I did not feel the staff at the Axis theater were worthy of her.  They were rude, rushed me into my seat and out of the theater just as soon as they could, and I barely had time to buy a tee- shirt.  I snuck next to the glass display to take a picture next to the "oops" outfit, and they practically yelled at me.  More so than anything they actually did, their demeanor was extremely GRUFF.  I can't think of a better way to put it.  Nothing exactly happened... no one slapped me in the face or kicked me in the arse... but their words were short, rude, aggravated, impatient, and unsympathetic to a fan that had traveled 5 hours that very day (from Los Angeles) to see his idol.I am a huge fan of Elvis as well, so we stayed at the previous Hilton where he'd performed and had a fine time touring Elvis' old dressing room. We went to 1 Oak, had a Crab Buffet, and had a mini shopping spree at the Forum Shops. But of all the fun things we did AFTER, I could not shake in the back of my mind the negative cloud of what I'd experienced at the place that drew us to Vegas to begin with.  These people need to realize how much being in that theater means to some people... it is almost a spiritual experience.  When Britney levitated from the tree during Toxic, I almost felt my soul levitate, too! Shame on them, for poisoning such a momentous experience.  As usual, ignorant peons in the world will spoil Greatness.  But there is enough negativity in the world, a point I think Spears herself combats with her positive soul and music.  There need not be any negativity in the arena of a performer who does so much to expunge the world's ugliness, and there need not be unhappiness spread in the very Pantheon where Spears herself is employed to make us happy.  She was born to make us happy, that is her soul's purpose... so let her do so without the grumblings of those who can only think of what they are going to have for dinner after their shift is over. Sincerely,Nicholas KafantarisTruly the worst concert venue I have been to, complete rip off VIP seats for 275 were same as other seats and seats are type you would find in a holiday inn conference.  I will never return!  Sound quality and visuals also very poor.Our first time in Vegas to see our JLO and we ended up leaving the event, because there was a couple in front of us that did not want to sit down. Everyone was telling them to please sit down and they were just rude.. I was so upset that I just got up and left. I didn't want my fiancé to get arrested for actually speaking up for everyone.. The security did absolutely nothing.. Will not return to this venue unless we sit right up front.. Our event was a disaster..First I want to let you know that I wrote a previous review about Planet Hollywood Hotel. The review was not about the theater because JL show was spectacular and the theater is great. My review is about at the time you have to exit the theater when the shows ends. It is only one door open and many people coming through it. It took us 20 plus mints from the time the show ended at the time we were by the main entrance.  Today's day we do not need this was a day after Orlando massacre   To me it was very scary hundreds of people coming at the same time through the same door. Again very slowly.

-The crawfish were completely unseasoned - just boiled.  Do you know what unseasoned crawfish taste like?  Mud!  That's why southerners Cajun them up!

The food is whatever, half the menu is not available,it is freezing inside and the manager is barely pleasant.

The girl says don't worry I'll have them remake it. So she brings out my salad and I head back to work. Then I realize that they took my piece of salmon and the 2 dressing cups out of the feta cheese salad and put it in a new plain salad. So there was still feta cheese all over the bottom of the salmon and the dressing cups, which got all over the new salad. I threw my salad out. No lunch. Seriously I've never been so disappointed in the service I've received from any restaurant.This location has disappointed me yet again... I ordered a large hummus with 3 wheat pitas to go. I barely got any hummus, it looks like they took a small hummus and put it in a large container, I didn't get the extra pita I paid for and the pitas I did get were white not wheat and ice cold. What a rip off! I definitely won't be back to this location again.This dog park gets one star.Why?Because the last time I went,some piece of shit broke into just about every car in the parking lot to steal whatever they could.So much broken glass from side windows everywhere.

It isn't my fault that you have a mediocre job and hate your life.This is the worst Mc Donald that I've ever been.  The customer services were bad. I ordered the breakfast at 8am but not many items were available to order. There were no orange juice, no Sundae, no chocolate milk.  Also, there were no paper towels and toilet papers in the restroom and I asked for it, the manager answered "no more paper towels and toilet papers". Really!!!  One of the huge Mc Donald store was ran out of some drinks, but it's also ran out of paper towels and toilet papers.  I would never want to come back to this Mc Donald. What does manager would think about this issue in this store?  Did she does what she supposed to?There are many good food items to buy at many places but McDonald's was not of them. I asked for the McGrittle and they gave me an Egg White Delight! They also don't apologize for the mistakes they make. We went back in to the restaurant to demand a refund and rejected it. Over I would not suggest this dump!Almost $2 for a double cheeseburger???  Really???  I just turned 53, and I've eaten McDonald's since I was 14.  Your food ain't all that.  A coworker was going by for lunch. I gave him $3 to get two double cheeseburgers. The receipt said, with tax, $1.83, for one.  Damn, I'll do 7eleven first. Two bucks gets me a kick ass chicken sandwich.  You need to lower your prices and improve quality of your food.  I'll stay away until then.  Way too many places to eat and spend my money at.Hey how about instead of throwing my fiod in my car you ask me if I want any condiments.   The ketcheup natzi at 11:30 on Monday May 30th was offensive and rude.  Plus NO  napkins.I recently had my car at this place.! Not the best place to go, they took over a month to do a small job. They would call me every week giving me excuses why wasn't ready.

1995 Blue Toyota CelicaI come to this carwash due to its proximity to my home, however if there was a closer one I would definitely change where I go.  This wash is unbelievably slow.  Allow yourself at least 30 mins for a basic wash.  The staff is not that friendly after the first person that writes up the order.  Definitley thinking about taking the extra trip to go elsewhereAs a long time patron (unknowingly why) I am time and time again disappointed by my services here. You are bothered to upgrade to pricy "detail" packages when you can't even be given an efficient $30 package. I laughed at the "ask help before you Yelp" for every time I do ask for help I am spoken to like a lesser human and told simple tasks were "not included in my wash"If there was a way I could choose no stars I would. This was the worst service ever. And the joke of it is, I have gone to them multiple times just to take the neglect they handout.  I went in simply to get the quick car wash, where they send it through the washer then they vacuum and dry it off. He talks me into a detail, which I excepted as long as it would only take an hour to an hour and a half. He says they're rather dead right now and that would work out. So I did it. Three hours later I am waiting. I get up, after multiple times of going back to check, and I noticed my car sitting over by the detail area. It was done and I have no idea how long it's been there. I asked the manager how long it's been here and he didn't know but said they must've come and look for me and I wasn't there in the sitting area therefore I didn't hear the announcement. That was not true! I was in the store the entire time. This is the kind of service you can expect there. Don't go there. They don't mind if they piss you off they just say sorry. By the way, while I was there, all morning long, four people were up at the register complaining. We should all ban against this in adequate car wash. It is too bad that The management is taking advantage up those poor car washers that are out in the heat all day at 100 or more degrees. When I picked up my car, I gave the guy 20 bucks and told him I know it wasn't his fault. He pocketed the money, which I didn't know if that was the procedure or not. God only knows.This place sucks... They don't care about customer service. Even the manager doesn't care about anything. Do not come to this place!!!!Avoid this place if you actually like your car and money. They just turn and burn here. You are haggled with up-sells right away. We agreed to the leather conditioner for $10. When the car was ready the seats hadn't even been vacuumed. The guy told me that was detail work not included. So what about the $10?? I went in to get my money back, and the cashier had the same guy come over. He said it was a miscommunication and they didn't know I bought that. I was with my grandma... She would've just drove away... Be aware of the up-sell scams! This place is just pushing cars through so fast-- they don't care about what they are doing there.So bad it's funny!  I was excited when they opened and got my truck washed pretty much every week. Then the service got so bad I only got it washed when it was so dirty I couldn't stand it anymore. It thought it was me being overly critical but I see most of the other reviews are just as bad. The issue isn't the end result. They do a great job for a reasonable price and the car is spotless clean. It's not even the windshield guys that everyone agrees are as annoying as hell. It's all about drop off. Slow, unorganized, borderline lazy. 12 cars waiting, one kid vacuuming and 7 guys wandering around because I just drive, and I sell glass, and I just write tickets. It's obvious they have no interest in correcting this horrible part of the service because many of the reviews that you read complain about the same thing.  They simply don't adjust their behavior based on customer demand and seemingly have no interest in doing so.  Today the kid vacuuming the car in front of me finished and moved on to the next one. After about 4-5 minutes without anyone driving it up to the wash, another kid finally showed up and instead of driving it in he vacuumed it again. Seriously!!!I have rented from this management agency for almost 2 years and never had a problem until I was away at my grandfather's funeral and found out my rent check did not go through. The moment I found is out, I emailed them letting them know I would be in immediately upon return to the state to pay my rent. The day we told them we were returning the owner Carl Benson went to my home and called animal control having my pets removed from my home because he stated the home was abandoned ( never mind the fact all of my possessions were in the home). When we returned home no notice was left. They also gave no notice they would be entering the property, as required by AZ landlord/tenant law. Because we had a caretaker for the animals, our bedroom door was locked, they removed the door handle and enter our room. We decided we no longer wished to remain in the house because we did not feel secure. We went to court for an eviction and were given into the 12th of the month to vacate. While we were taking some things to storage Carl, again, unlawfully entered the home. When I called him to ask what the problem was he begin cursing at me and threatening that if we did not hurry and leave he would call CPS and have my children taken from me. My children are not even present in the home, they are out of state with my family while we move. I emailed Carl letting him know his behavior was harassment. He emailed me back calling me a pathological liar and acting highly unprofessional and hostile. I do not suggest dealing with this business. They believe they are above the law. I am on my way to court now to get an order of protection.I wish there was something below a "one star" rating for this company.  Otherwise, they wouldn't even get a one star from me.   Do not rent property or do business with this company.  If you are seeking a property management company look elsewhere -- the employees are dishonest and lazy.We signed a lease one month before moving to Chandler from Los Angeles.  In good faith I paid the rent along with the deposits a month before we moved.  We arrived the day of our move in and called asking how we should get the keys.  They told us to come to them that morning so we did.  They had a pile of keys and remotes and didn't know which went to what.  Gave us four remotes (two for the gated community and two for the garage).  Only one worked (to the garage).... when we called, their solution was for us to go buy batteries, which we did.  They still didn't work.  We asked they replace them... they said they would contact the HOA.  Nearly two weeks later, we called and asked the status and were told by Kate Benson (presumed the owner's wife) that the HOA just responded to her and we needed to go to the HOA and pay for new remotes and keys to the common areas as the keys they gave us to the pool and workout room didn't work either.  We were told she would reimburse us for one remote (even though we were entitled to two).  We did and the HOA told us they had never heard from Ms. Benson until the day before we called -- additionally, we have interacted with the HOA office multiple times and never had a problem getting through to them.  Someone is always in the office answering the phone and always there to greet guests. The day we moved in the heater wasn't working.  I contend if Desert Wind had inspected the property in the month they had our rent monies they could have corrected the problems before we even arrived.  Ms. Benson informed me they only address issues when a tenant complains.  I told her that's not fair for new tenants -- the house should be in working order before they take possession.Mr. Carl Benson, the owner, called me last week knowing I am frustrated after I emailed my frustrations about how dishonest Ms. Benson is and how lazy she is to my property rep.  Mr. Benson requested to meet with me this weekend at my home to review any outstanding issues.  I told him Sunday (today) at Noon.  He confirmed he would be here.  He never showed, never called, never emailed.I am embarrassed for Mr. Benson and his staff at how incompetent they are and how sad their commitment  is to professionalism and customer service.  It's unfortunate the State of Arizona can't revoke his business license -- because they should.  He is stealing money from the owner of my property every time he deducts his fees from their monthly payment and fails to complete the duties for which that payment represents.   Shame on you Mr. Benson and the staff of Desert Wind Property Management.DO NOT RENT FROM DESERT WIND PROPERTY MANAGEMENT! After renting a townhouse from this company in Mesa, AZ for a year and half, with perfect payment history, it was finally time for my lease to end and I decided to move to another state. Myself along with family and friends spent 3 days cleaning the unit, to where it was in better condition and much cleaner than when I moved in. After cleaning I had taken several photos and did a complete walk through with James Wilson, who pointed out that I should clean behind the appliances as well as a few other minor things (Window seal above door, medicine cabinet, little things that were just overlooked), or else I would be charged for them to have a cleaning crew come and do it. So Mr. Wilson let me keep the keys so I could finish those issues and simply drop the keys off in their Dropbox before midnight. This was completed as he requested. Now, take in mind he claimed everything else was perfect and the unit looked great. Carpets had been professionally shampooed, title and grout was professionally done, walls were scrubbed down, all the typical cleaning to ensure we received the deposit back.Well the next day I had sent the rest of the photos showing I went back and completed the ONLY issues Mr. Wilson had mentioned. A few hours later Carl Benson, the owner, replies to the email with an attitude asking how I got back in without the keys. I explained to him that Mr. Wilson had let me keep them and simply drop them off in the Dropbox. Well from that moment I could tell Mr. Benson was not happy that Mr. Wilson had informed me about cleaning behind the appliances, because he wanted to keep some of the deposit. Surprisingly, a few days later I receive a brief and short email claiming that the unit had a strong oder of smoke, and the carpets would need to be replaced along with the walls repainted. Now, take into account, Mr. Wilson never mentioned anything about there being a smell during the walk through. Plus, no one that lived there even smokes! We are very healthy and workout regularly. Today I received the disposition from them and they charged $800 to replace the carpet and $900 to paint the walls; which any landlord will tell you, the walls are always repainted anyways. So they kept the $775 deposit and now want an additional $932 within a month or it goes to collections. In my opinion, I believe Mr. Benson was upset that I was informed about the additional cleaning, so he came up with something else to try and screw me. DEFINITELY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE US ING THIS COMPANY. SAME THING WILL HAPPEN TO YOU! PLUS, MR. BENSON IS EXTREMELY LAZY AND WILL NOT GO OUT OF HIS WAY FOR YOU AT ALL!I used to have properties managed by Desert Wind and all of these 1 star reviews could not be more accurate. Thankfully, I pulled my properties in 2014 when I found out personnel changes were made, and have found a new management company who is ethical and honest always, but I just found out through research that Desert Wind and Carl Benson was audited and the Arizona Dept. of Real Estate found that his Trust Account was deficient by $33,854.92. THIS IS OWNER'S MONEY!!! The 9 page report (easily accessible on the Arizona Department of Real Estate's website - Search Licensee - Carl Benson) states that he was using owner's trust funds to operate his business, as well as countless other violations of the state law! I have  sent a very concerned and upset letter to the Department in regards to how this man is still in business, ripping off his current clients, and from the reviews on here, his tenants as well.  The only reason I even looked in to the company's standing, is because I have YET to receive my 2014 year-end statement and 1099, that is legally due to be mailed out by January 31st. When I called the office to inquire on this, the person who answered the phone told me it would be mailed out sometime NEXT WEEK. Even after being in detrimental trouble with the state, they still are not following the law! This company needs to be shut down, and any owners who have their investments under management need to change companies immediately. Proceed doing business with these crooks at your own risk!DO NOT RENT FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!!!!!!This company will do anything and everything to keep your security deposit.  My wife and I cleaned that house very well and left it better than it was when we arrived.  We spent $150.00 on a landscaper, $100.00 on a carpet cleaner and did everything to make sure the place was immaculate.  On the day of the final walkthrough (also the same day as the carpets cleaned) James comes to do the walkthrough.  When he arrives he walks right in and throughout the house with his dirty shoes from outside where it was raining, tracking dirt all over the just cleaned carpets.  Right then and there I knew that he didn't really care about if the place was clean or not, cuz they were gonna keep the money anyway.  He went on to tell me that I needed to move the appliances and clean around and behind them.  I told him I wasn't going to move appliances. I wasn't shown behind them when we moved in to see if they were clean, plus if me or my wife got hurt while moving these heavy appliances then what?  He was very arrogant and unprofessional so I just gave him the keys and left.  I rented a house in Chandler from this company and wasn't left with anything positive to say about them.  Throughout the year that we lived there, we had a few things that needed to be fixed and/or replaced.  When these things such as a dishwasher, ceiling fan etc. were brought to the Owner Carl Benson's attention it took him forever to act on it.  The man is lazy and incompetent.  Four months after putting in a request for a screen door on the patio, he finally shows up and puts it on wrong.  When it ends up falling off the track and on to my 3yr old child I call him up furious and all he does is laugh...  Carl is extremely unprofessional and incompetent.  James, the property manager is just the same, they shouldn't be allowed to manage anything.  If you value your money and your place to live DO NOT RENT FROM THIS COMPANY!!!I would never do business with this company again they suck you in like everything is ok and accept your deposit willingly then when you go to move out they do everything in their power not to give your deposit back. I had my house professionally cleaned, carpets professionally cleaned, lawn maintenance done monthly which was all at no expense to them. I have contacted them several  times and they find every reason in the world not to give me my money back. They will say that the check is in the mail and then when I call to inquire they have some kind of excuse and also they have never wanted me to be present at the final inspection day. Desertwind never listen to me after I moved out. They have denied me my money and my advice to you when moving is to not rent from this company. Please, when you go to move out do not do business with this company. They're scrupulous and are completely worthy of taking your money.THIS IS THE WORST COMPANY!! If I could give zero stars I would. I have never had a worst experience with a property management company than I had here. I have a lengthy rental history and have always left in good standing with all of my landlords! I have always cleaned my places throughly upon move out and have always gotten my full deposit back. First of all the day we moved in the house was not move in ready. We had several things that needed fixed upon move in some of which they took care of but one of which they NEVER fixed. We asked them about it probably 30 times over the course of the year we lived there and it was still unfixed the day we moved out. At one point we had a toilet that wouldn't stop running we called them about that probably 10 times over the course of a month. It took me finally yelling at them to get them to send someone. So let's move on to our move out. First of all the house was not in great shape when we moved in. Because of that i took extensive photos of the house before we moved in. Every detail every scratch on the floor or broken tile. The over grown yard that we had to clean up, the disgusting amount of food and junk we found under the stove, the stains in the carpet, I could go on and on. So upon move out I really wanted to be present for the inspection so that I could show photos if any item came into question as to whether or not damage was caused by us in the time we lived there.We originally scheduled our inspection to so that I could be there for it, things happened and it ended up I they scheduled it during my work hours. So I let it go and told her that I had photos I could provide if any questions came up and asked her to send over a copy of her inspection so I could see if after she completed it. I asked more than once and never received it.A couple weeks later we get our deposit in the mail. With a $435 charge against us for "general cleaning, and pet hair on main wood floor" okay so we had two labs so I can see maybe after us sweeping and mopping them still finding a few hairs but def not $435 worth of them!So I email her and say we want to dispute our charges so I need a copy of the inspection an itemized receipt for charges. People this lady, I have never experienced such unprofessional conduct with a company. Instead of just sending me what I asked for she instead responded to my email like a child. I could take time here to embarrass this company even more and spell out the things she sent me but I just don't have the energy. She probably send me 10 emails over the next 2  days  arguing with me before she FINALLY sent me what I had asked for.Let me say once she sent it to me my suspicions were confirmed. She had been withholding because she knew the amount of charges was completely outrageous to the condition we left the home in. Mind you much better shape that we moved in.To make an even longer story short we sought legal advice and found they were breaking several laws. Also the inspection noted the floor needed a re sweep and a few window seals needed wiped out. $435 worth? I think not. They refused to send me an itemized receipt (illegal) and they also tried to scare us by sending us a letter from their attorney (also illegal you can't hire an attorney for small claims)So after calling them out on their bull shit they realized we weren't going to lay down and let them screw us. Within a couple of hours of receiving our letter calling them out on the laws they were breaking we had an email saying a check was in the mail for the $435. People don't rent from them, they have proved they are only out to screw people out of their money by doing the least amount of work possible. And also don't use them to manage your property! they don't care about keeping up with things that need to be done! If I ever had power to put one company out of business in my life I would choose this company. You guys are the worst company I have ever dealt with. Davee especially needs to learn about professionalism and respecting her customers. It's not wonder every review on here is negative.If I could give this company a lower rating I would. Although I know that by posting this review I am inviting Desert Wind to lash out at me and make false accusations against me as they have done to all other former tenants who have been brave enough to call them out on social media, I don't care. Personally, it is worth it to me if even one person reads this and chooses not to do business with Desert Wind. If I can save anyone else from what I have been through it is completely worth it. Also, please take the time to review all of the Yelp feedback and complaints on this company. You will see by the tone in Desert Wind's responses that the goal is to avoid responsibility and deflect blame at all times. Let's start with the $15 monthly admin fee that Desert Wind charges on top of monthly rent and taxes. When Desert Wind took over managing the property I rent three years ago, there wasn't any fee. Suddenly at lease renewal time last year, the fee was tacked on to the new lease. When I asked why there were an additional $250 a year in fees, I was told that they were to cover the lease administration etc... Considering the property owner provides a percentage of the rental fee back to the property management company to cover lease administration, this explanation is pretty thin. There are many property management companies out there. Most do not charge an extra admin fee on top of rent and taxes. This is simply a back-handed way of making extra money off of tenants and it adds up. My advise to prospective renters is to avoid any property management company that charges excessive or "bad fees".   If you are looking for a combative business owner who uses intimidation tactics as an attempt to force tenants to bend to her will, Desert Wind is the company for you!  I recently submitted a work order to have the garage door key pad for the rental property re-coded. Kate Benson (business owner) somehow misunderstood this order and sent out a technician without ever verifying the work order with me or contacting the home-owner first for authorization. Only after the service was completed and the home owner refused to pay for the technician did Kate contact me to ask questions about the work request. She then advised that by updating the key pad without the owners consent I was "altering the property" and would have to pay the service trip charge. When I asked Kate to take responsibility for the fact that she neglected to contact the home owner prior to authorizing the technician to come to the property, and that had she done her job correctly the technician would never have been called out and no charge incurred, she became combative and hung up on me. I have also filed a complaint against this company directly with the BBB. Other incidences: 6/2015:  The AC in the rental home went out for nearly a week in late June. Desert Wind sent 3 different companies to the home during this time for "bids" to fix the problem while my family roasted in 114 degree heat for days. When I asked to be put up in a local hotel until the issue was fixed, Desert Wind let me know that by law the home owner wasn't required to pay for a hotel until the AC had been out for 5 days. Now this is completely true. But do you want to do business with a company that willingly allowed a young family to live for several 110+ degree days with no AC? Oh wait, they did offer to let me drive the hour out to Gilbert to pick up a portable AC unit after the 3rd day when I called crying and desperate. This was after Carl Benson screamed at me and told me he "didn't care about my problems". The pool in the property is very old and the underground pipes have leaked several times over the years. Despite the fact the the lease clearly states the homeowner is responsible for pool maintenance and cost, I get stuck paying humongous water bills (which is the only way I know when a leak is happening-huge water bills). Finally, the pool was drained, resurfaced and refilled. But because the original problems with the pipes were not addressed, the pool was brackish and green within two weeks of resurfacing. Desert Wind then asked if they could redrain and fill the pool again. When I balked at the additional water costs to do this, I was told by Carl Benson that Desert Wind would reimburse the expense. When I asked to be reimbursed a month later, I was told that I was wrong and Carl never agreed to cover the charges. I can go on and on over the list of issues that have added up over the past few years. My interaction with Kate Benson this week and the fact that I'm moving out of the rental home at the end-of-month have given me the courage to write this review despite the heavy handed intimidation techniques this company uses on its former tenants to try to keep them quiet.  Please hear my words and learn from my mistakes - for property owners and tenants both, do not do business with Desert Wind Property ManagementThis property management should be shut down! We spent over $140 for a professional carpet cleaning a WEEK before we turned in keys. They chose to charge us an insanely exuberant amount of $440 for their version of carpet cleaning claiming that there was pet odor. Well, considering our dog hadn't been IN THE UNIT for 2 weeks BEFORE the carpet cleaning, and stayed out since that time, I'm not sure wht they would make up such a lie and then charge us so much. No REASONABLE carpet cleaning business would charge $440!

Although the food is good, I won't be coming back here.  I am afraid of getting food poisoning, and the roach left me thinking about what other nasty thing I could have eaten during my meal.It's worst place to eat, day by day taste becoming worst . Especially  chutney , at least they should watch YouTube video and learn  how to make chutney. They spoiled name of "Udipi".they serve cold dosa's. I am wondering how people are giving 4 star, these guys doesn't deserve 1 star. They add raw milk on top of rasamali.Boild daal  I prepare at my home taste way better than these guys daal.The food here is excellent, make no mistake. They do, however, take their servers' tips.This review is purely for the buffet that's served today (02/21/2016). Based on my experience , I don't think I will ever return to this place!!My dear non Indian friends-- The food served in this place is not even 1% representation of what authentic South Indian food is. Leave about the authenticity of the food (which can be toned down quite a bit to suit the local crowd) but any food that's has absolutely no SALT and served cold (when it's supposed to be served hot), is nothing but a joke. I don't mind paying extra $$ for good food but this is such a place who couldn't bother to either taste the food before getting it out or atleast made an attempt to keep it hot at the beginning of the lunch time.  We returned home hungry after paying 36$ (including tips) -- a total waste. Please do yourself a favor and don't even attempt to taste the food -- even if it's given for free. I won't!!On a positive side - the service staff was attentive and were trying their best to accommodate the customers. That's not enough for the worst food though.This restaurant is a slap on the face of fine Indian cooking known for its flavored and texture. We went for lunch on Sunday. They had buffet lunch. They had very little food in the containers. Whatever was left was tasteless and cold. They seem to be surviving as it is close to ASU. The dosa they brought was soggy. There was hardly any "MASAL". (Potato curry). The dessert was drenched in sugar syrup.The entire restaurant looked like it needed a through cleaning. This used to be owned by a person from south India. I guess he sold it and moved on.Having a gourmet cook myself, this place needs the attention of FDA to make sure it is properly cleaned. Whether they want to serve crap is up to them. NOT RECOMMENDED.Horrendous service. Service is practically non existent. They don't ask you for any preferences, nor check on anything. The manager couldn't split the check 3 ways and made up some lame reasons about taxes for not being able to  split it. The food is alright but nothing great. The service sucks.The lady who took the order did not pass it on to kitchen, after 40 mins of waiting and 2 rounds of checking she comes to me and informs that it would take another 20mins to cook. Ridiculous customer service!Went twice at a festival - first time never sent a receipt as I asked, second time they added on an extra fee even tho she told me she wouldn't. I never write complaints but not a fan of being looked in the eye and lied to. Good food. Will never go again tho.Worst Indian food. Had been to lunch buffet. So vadas were very hard. Chutney was horrible. Idli was dry. Coming to main menu, shahi paneer was very sweet and aloo baingan overcooked. Their paratha was so hard and dry. Rice was dry and seemed like iy was the leftover from previous night. Coming to desserts ras malai was made from milk powder i guess. And gulab jamuns were not too good. Pista kulfi was nothing like a pista kulfi. There was this server who had a bad cold and was blowing up his nose in front of the guest and did not even bother to wash his hands. Very unhygienic. This was my first and last visit to this place. Had bad stomach upset after the buffet.Please guys dont waste your money.I'm staying at the Marriott City Center, but walked down here to catch the Hop On/Hop Off tour bus.  With 4 minutes to spare, and not a single coffee shop for blocks, I ducked in and asked if I could purchase a cup of coffee to go.  No.  I then asked if I could have one since I'm a Marriott customer.  No.  I'll never stay here because of that.Just want a clean room, but it's 4:15 and we've been asking since 3:00 if our room could be made up, and our comforter switched out (just a little matter of dried blood that the front desk claims is "rust" from the washers). Front desk could care less. They keep writing our room number on little yellow post-it notes, but every time we go back to the room nothing's been done. We've been out all day and just wanted to shower and change before the Pirate game. Funny thing though, the maid cart has been parked in front of a room down the hall all day. Door is propped open and music is playing. Is it the break room?Room finally clean at 4:30, but they forgot to refill the toilet paper. This is not a 5-star hotel by any stretch of the imagination, but it is high enough on the food chain that you expect a little basic service, maybe an apology, and maybe some damn toilet paper.My wife and I have stayed at this hotel 6 or 7 times over the past 10 years.  We actually stayed the night it opened.  Ten years later, the building itself is in decent condition, but the short-lived items like carpet, and furniture are unkept.  Suffice it to say, the floors are filthy dirty here, and in need of steam cleaning.  A brand new pair of white socks were a dark gray within an hour of walking around the room with no shoes. Aside from cleanliness, there were a number of significant issues we had with the hotel this time around.

SHITTY AWFUL Expensive and disappointing.closed Jan 2009 d/t economyLllantera.... Total fraud/rip off!!! Bought a tire which went bad within a week. Their solution... buy anoyhet from them...NO!!!Came Here for a consultation for my bestfriend.. The stylist we were consulting with was completely honest & amazing.. She wanted highlights in her red hair.. We decided against that.. lowlights, black or even violet.. Since it was freshly died red.. Then the owner steps in, was extremely rude & refused service because "I dont want to see you cry when you walk out bald headed.." Rudest service I have EVER seen in my life. Feel sorry for the employees.  Clean shop but we walked out b/c of the owner.Horrible! Wouldn't even give 1 star. First of all the place is dirty, a towel was not even put down on station for manicure then when she did grab a towel to wipe my nails it had a long black hair on it so I asked her to get me another. When giving the manicure she did not clean under my nails or give me a hand massage, had to ask for both and they were poor to say the least. Received gel polish which was old and already peeling not to mention she painted a bit of my skin. When asked if I wanted to put tip on debit card (really didn't want to tip for such lousy service) I was nice and said yes 3$ but was charged 30$ instead!! Had to go back and tell them and they did give me 30$ in Cash back. Needless to say I will never go back here.The worstNeed I say more they cut me gave me an attitude bad paint job bad every thing  when I told them I was not happy with the job they made it seem like I didn't know what I was talking about and that I was wrong I have my own business too and no matter what the costumer is alway right it's the professional and adult thing to do.NEVER EVER coming here again. The lady took a little over two hours on my nails (which made me late for work). I understand every nail tech is different but no one has ever taken that long on my nails! I asked for stiletto nails (gel) maroon color with a tiny bit of gold on the bottom half. The lady hurt me numerous times. I had to tell her more then 3 times that she was fileing my skin more than she was my nail to shape the stiletto form. I really think she had no clue on what she was doing. They were also way too long.  Finally when we got to the point to painting my nails she messed up and had to take off the paint. At that point I was already frustrated with her from hurting me and not shaping my nails correctly and it was past the two hour mark. So I asked for another girl to finish the job since she had no clue on what she was doing. The other lady put more gold then I asked for pretty much my whole nail is covered in gold rather than maroon red. I left upset and hating my nails but had to get out of there to make it to work. I called the next day to tell them how unhappy I was and that I wanted my nails fixed and changed a different color since none of them knew what I wanted. & they said I would have to pay again!!!!!! Most places would be happy to fix their mistakes and have the customer leave happy. Nope not here. They should have a 0 star rating cause I would give it to this place. Seriously confirmed my email on yelp just to tell you guys how bad this place is. I'm not usually one to give bad reviews! Just terribleHorrible place NOBODY GO HERE. This has to be the worst place in Vegas.  Messed up my nails horribly & wouldn't refund my money. STAY AWAY.I have had my nails done here a few times , but this last time I went I asked for pink and white nails . (I don't know the name of the lady but she had short hair ) Now when she was doing them at first when she putting the tips on the thumb was glued on crooked so I told her and she said she would fix it . Ok so I just stayed quiet. Then as she was applying the pink she was applying it all across the white tip , now if you have had your fair share of white tips you would know this is  not right . And I told her and she  said it's ok I will show you when I'm finished , by this time I was like already upset because I know my nails aren't going to look good.  So when she is finished I see my nails and I can see pink all across the white and I told her I asked for pink and white . And she said yes it is . I kept looking at my nails and my other thumb nail was just so wrong with the pink covering the white that even my brother that doesn't do nails pointed it out ... Everything about that visit was bad.  I don't think I will go back hereSo I made an appointment with them to get a full set today because like I said for the most part I liked the place! I was just saying why would you try and charge somebody $5 for a repair that comes to you all the time!  Well I show up and the owner asked what he can do for me and that he liked my yelp review and that they no longer want my business!  So apparently they don't give two shits how their customers feel they only care about getting people in and pushing them out not keeping customers they already have. What's hilarious to me is that the owner cares so little about money and quality control and is so vindictive he had me drive all the way there just so he could tell me not to come back hahahaha! Don't give this place your money!I'm only giving a 1 star review because I can't give a ZERO! I took a Relic watch in to them which has a pin missing from the band. The owner and the repairman were behind the counter when I entered. The repairman was working on something, and the owner was playing with his I-phone facing the counter. I stood in front of these guys for 3 minutes before clearing my throat to get their attention. I showed the band to the owner. He consulted with the repairman and said they could fix it for $10. I was going to move forward until I asked how long it might take. The owner told me "20 minutes." I paused for a second to consider what to do, and he looks at me, shrugs his shoulders, and says, "It's 20 minutes, or you don't get it." I was floored at his tone, arrogance, and how he felt he could speak to a potential customer. So I picked up my watch and walked out after giving him a verbal response not fitting of this forum. I'll never return and shall repeat this story to as many people as I can. Good luck if you choose to utilize this place.ZERO STARS!  Was on a trip from San Diego and dropped in to get a link adjusted on my Breitling B-1 watch band, and not only did the worker fail to adjust it after 1 hour, he insulted me by saying my watch was fake.  My fault I guess for taking a Ferrari to a Jiffy Lube.This place can be convenient for battery replacements and quick turn-around...but be warned and be careful.  Their craftsmanship and quality can be careless and do not take responsibility for their mistakes.  I took a Guess leather wrist-strap watch for a battery replacement.  They said it would be ready within an hour...I was surprised, because some places even a couple mom and pops stores took about 10 minutes...but whatever I was at the mall and decided to go window shopping to kill some time. When I came back to my disappointment...one of the time pieces had fallen off within the watch bezel...and they told me it was like that when i had given it to them.  obviously not!  They wouldn't even want to acknowledge the fact it may have been their fault or ask to have it repaired.  I wouldn't go back here again...Just be careful and make sure you point things out and take pictures before you actually have them repair if you have the guts to do business with them with your previous items.Went there thinking this place would be good. Wanted to charge 29 dollars for 2 links out of a casio 50 dollar watch and 29 for a battery for a seiko rip off alert. Happened at 825 on a Tuesday night.Beware beware customers bewareI'm going to set up the story so that it's clear. my wife took my watch eight months ago to get it fixed. it was never fixed, they called her up telling her they were going to charge storage fees after they could not perform or fix the watch so she then made arrangements right  away for me to pick it up. the ticket order was under her name, we have matching last names for me to claim my own watch. the clerk requested I show my ID which I did then they proceeded to write my name and my ID number in a notebook that look like it had over 500 ID numbers with matching names. I told him that I  would not be comfortable with my   ID number in the notebook. he then grabs the watch back really fast, then puts the watch behind him, and says that he will not give me the watch unless he puts my ID in the notebook I don't know about you but there's a ton of identity theft and he has over 500+ names and ID number names in that notebook. I asked the owner why does he have ID numbers in the notebook and he says that he makes the rules and I'm the customer and ask me to leave. I even tried to compromise with them and ask them if they could please scratch out the last four numbers of the identification card number and even that wasn't acceptable. I would have been okay if they could have at least done that and gave me a better answer of why they needed it in the first place instead of asking me to leave without my watch just because I asked a question. My wife had to go back later and get it.Prices seem to be a little high for the work they're doing. The biggest issue though is definitely the customer service, or lack thereof. Tall man in glasses working the counter has been short and rude with every single customer I've witnessed including myself. Too bad I didn't have much time and just wanted the battery replaced. Won't ever be spending another penny inside this place again.Not happy with them. Service was done on my diamond rings to change the prongs. Was told that it should be safe yet if it either of them loosened, they would tighten. We went back because one was too loose, spoke with one of the techs and a tall man rudely said  without addressing us directly "nope, we only warranty for 90 days."  We said. So the prongs should only stay tight for 90 days? He continued to recite "we only warranty our service for 90 days."  What kind of quality and pride in their service is that?  Would never use their service again. Poor Quality of work, Poor Customer service. Had to give one star because comment won't take with no star, which is what this business deserves.Place is ripoff, my battery died on my tissot, she wanted to charge me 40$ for replacement , she said I will have warranty for 3 years. Seriously? warranty for a 3$ battery. I found another place they did it for 10$ warranty included. like I said Big ripoff, avoid them , there are other watch repair shops which have decent prices.Went here to have my ring resized and engraved also the center setting mount on the ring was crooked so I asked if that could be fixed as well, I saw the lady look up the pricing for a resize and it was in the 80-150 dollar range in the system which seemed rather high, she talked to her jeweler and said they can do all of the work for 170 including  the engraving and to come back a few hours later...I came back looked at the ring and the engraving was completely off center, the words "Forever True" started on the left side and hardly made it past the middle of the ring, I've never seen anything like this in my life, then the lady had the audacity to tell me that it was normal and it's the sentiment that counts and that other people never had a problem with it being off center (The words were barely legible by the way) they removed the engraving and refunded my 20 dollars... As I start to leave the store I noticed that the center mount is still off center, they did absolutely nothing to it whatsoever I walk back in and the lady is trying to convince me I'm not seeing what was clear as day, and sure enough when I got home I measured the gap with a feeler gauge and the gap was exactly the same...This place is a ripoff, they ended up charging me 150 bucks for a 1-1/2 ring resize which should have cost around 50 bucks for a white gold ring that needed a downsize.Dirty dirty dirty I took my watch here to get an estimate for repair after taking it other places as well.  They wanted to charge me 199.00 as if I was getting a discount. They were both extremely nice. ..... as soon as I told them that three other locations we're charging me around the same price of $80.  Their faces changed right away they immediately became short and rude with me. Since then my watch has been repaired for the reasonable price of $74 and works wonderfully and they even cleaned it. As a business you should always be courteous whether or not the person does business with you. Because of this attitude you have earned my Yelp review.All I needed was the back of my watch put back. He said he had to charge me for a new battery. $19.95. I told him I had a new battery put in that morning. He was rude. I went upstairs to bay watch watch repair, he charged me $5. Never again will I step foot in this ridiculous place. Not to mention the Indian lady there was so rude also!!!!This place is terrible! I went because my regular nail lady was unavailable at Crystal Nails and Charlie did my nails. I got just a fill and while filing he cut the side of two fingers with filing too deep and the side of my nails started bleeding. Not a professional or talented place. I would Strongly urge anyone to think twice about going here.I asked for a pedicure. My feet are really rough as I am a runner. I paid extra to have callouses removed....my feet feel the same as when I walked in.I asked the man to redo the scraping. He did a half ass job.

Fiancé: Because of your mess-up.  (Manager gave him an "apology" with clear LACK of remorse)Manager: I'm sorry for that.  I hope to keep your service.Fiancé: She won't.  She will probably never shop here again.Manager: If she wants to do that, that's fine.  ***NO attempts were made whatsoever to keep the sale.  The man blatantly could not give two shits about the whole mess-up.At this point, my fiancé walked out of the store clearly appalled at the atrocious customer service especially being that the person he dealt with held the title of "MANAGER."Like my fiancé told the manager, I will never again give your company my service.  Retail companies are highly dependent on consumers and the money they bring in to stores.  Maybe you should look at other stores (e.g., Target) and study why they thrive while your stores have continued in its path of sharp decline = HORRID CUSTOMER SERVICE AND INCOMPETENT STAFF (MANAGEMENT, especially).  Ever heard of ACCOUNTABILITY?  Look it up.  I hope your staff knows how to correctly search for that term in the dictionary.  Also, maybe you should stop hiring individuals who can't even match up a description and picture of an item ordered by a customer with the item in their hand.Item I ordered: http://www.bestbuy.com/site/isaac-mizrahi-solid-laptop-sleeve-pink/7191028.p?id=1219257122139&skuId=7191028Item THEY prepared: http://www.bestbuy.com/site/isaac-mizrahi-new-york-folio-case-for-apple-ipad-air-2-pink/1755298.p?id=1219510814602&skuId=1755298Geek Squad at Best Buy is the worst company I have ever dealt with. It is long and painful to get ANYTHING done to your computer. Once you buy it from Best Buy you are on your own because this company could give a shit about your computer problems after you purchase it and buy this support. Run far and be very afraid of this disastrous company chocked full of rudeness and bad customer service and painstakingly horrible wait times only to find the problem is still not fixed. I will NEVER purchase this service again. Shame on you Geek Squad and best buy for being associated with this despicable company.HAHAH!!is anyone noticing a pattern here?

A table near us waited 20 minutes before a waiter came, which is unprofessional as there were only four tables in the section with customers and the rest of the restaurant was not busy.Unfortunately, this restaurant used to be better. Now, we will not be returning.Dined here last night.    The food was probably three and a half to four star.   We tried the filet mignon, which was cooked fine, and had a deliciously fresh flavor.   The side of mashed potatoes was fine, but too much for one person.   The she crab soup was excellent.   The service was simply atrocious.    We had a reservation, and were seated within five minutes of our time.  (We arrived from out of town and were a few minutes late, but they accommodated nicely).   However, once we got to the table our waitress just seemed to forget about us.   It took thirty minutes just to get our order in.    She kept disappearing for at least twenty minutes at a time, and as a result, we were still eating our dinner at 11:00pm.    For the dessert, it took nearly twenty minutes at that late hour to go and find three plates of dessert??!   She was polite and nice to us whenever she showed up, and we just didn't say anything.    Folks all around us had long been seated, served, and completed their meals in half the time it took us.  If you charge these kinds of prices, part of what you expect is good service.   Heck, ANY kind of service would have been nice.  Don't think we will come back unless we plan an entire day for a meal.The filet mignon was literally the worst steak I have ever eaten. This is not an exaggeration.  I sent it back and they brought another and I wanted to puke when I tasted it. The side dish of potatoes was inedible. I will not be going back. One gets the impression of very weak management.I have a list of restaurants in which I will never eat; McDonald's, Burger King and the like. This silk hat on a pig is one of them. The service is a joke. Whoever is in the kitchen is moonlighting as a chef from there day job scraping road kill. My experience was so horrifyingly bad I had the unfortunate and dubious pleasure of meeting the owner. He looked down his nose at me, frowning at my feedback, chomping at the bit while I was talking for his chance to tell me how successful his restaurant has been all these years. We didn't even complain! We had already handed over the money for this absurd excuse for a dinning experience and were walking out the door when he told us to have a nice night; skirting the customary inquiry about our experience. I couldn't resist not dishing to the man only to find the root of the establishment's insidious disfunction. Nearby alternatives with similar service standards and food quality with a cheaper menu: Chilis, Taco Bell, Walmart (they have a candy isle)First and foremost, the food was mediocre and over-priced.  For the price we paid we could have gone to a high-end steakhouse, like Ruths Chris, but we tried Mickey and we were very disappointed.  The shrimp was rubbery, the steak was over-cooked from the way it was ordered, the family style grits tasted barely better than instant grits, and everybody I know can make better mashed potatoes.  To top it all off we felt sick for 24 hrs after eating.The one bright spot was that the dessert was better than average (though not premium).Extremely disappointed for a $100 meal for 2.  Never going back.If your gas light has been on so long that walking and buying a gas can is the only other option, go here.CONSISTENLY THE HIGHEST, MOST UNREASONABLE GAS PRICES IN SOUTHEAST CHARLOTTE.  Haven't found the staff to be terribly endearing either; but, the store is clean.  There is almost never anyone there.  It's safe, as CMPD is regularly patrolling the area.This place is the worst! I bought an ultimate car wash and it didn't even clean my car very well. I went in to let them know and the manager said "that's as good as it's going to get. It's touch free, it won't get everything off" I told him it didn't clean my car at all" he told me not to come back!All I wanted to do is let them know their car wash wasn't working and now I'm banned! Wish I could give the. Negative stars!DO NOT DO A KITCHEN DESIGN PROJECT WITH THIS STORE!We are on week 9 of a kitchen renovation project (that we were told would take 2 weeks) and still do not know when our kitchen will be done.  My wife and I have had to be the general contractor calling everyone to keep things moving.  We've also had to be quality control identifying installation and product defects.  Home Depot required all monies up front (4 months ago) and has provided little or no oversight to ensure schedules and quality is maintained.This review is for the flooring department, only.We are looking to change out the carpeting in our entire house.  This is a big project and considering that we had our current house built new 10 years ago (carpeting was included) and we came from an apartment with carpeting in only a few rooms we are complete novices when it comes to carpeting.  We went to Home Depot knowing that they have a large selection of carpeting choices and they were offering a interest-free promotion that was interesting.  We also went there for, what we hoped would be, knowledgeable sales staff to assist us with the "process".  Well, we were right about the choices, but completely wrong about the knowledgeable sales staff.  The one girl working in this department was able to tell us what the ordering, measuring, and installation process is and she also seemed gleeful about warning us about the number of hidden charges, but her depth of knowledge shallowly ended there.  We asked her for advice and even admitted that we were completely unsure as to which carpets were best for our home, but she offered no guidance whatsoever. We wandered around aimlessly for about approx 30 minutes when a different sales associated noticed that we looked lost and offered to help...granted, he said that he knew NOTHING about carpeting, but at least he cared enough to help.Finally, we decided to leave.  We then turned to Yelp for reviews on local flooring specialist and ended up at locally-owned flooring store where they were extremely knowledgeable, very helpful, and has all-inclusive pricing that beats HD!I've been here for 45 minutes to waiting for them to find something I bought yesterday...don't buy anything here, go across the street to Lowes. I've warned you while I waste away in Home Depot.My dad and I went to this location to buy a chest freezer today. We had done our research and already knew what we wanted to purchase. We went to the freezer section and easily found the one we wanted.  There was no one around to help us so we found the closest associate to ask for help and she was completely clueless. She found the freezer in top stock but then we were told that the only person who could help us was with another customer.  Really?? There's only one person that can get a freezer down??? Then she tells us she's going to ask her manager who then tells her that he is going to get another manager.... 45 minutes later, we're still standing in the same spot with no help.  That second manager never showed up. We left and went to Lowe's, where we had great customer service.  Unfortunately they did not have what we wanted. We reluctantly went back to home depot and got even more crappy service.  We were able to FINALLY get the freezer we wanted but when we got to the checkout we noticed that the model number was different and got attitude from the associate that got it down when we asked about it.  We just wanted to make sure we were getting the right product.  It ended up taking almost 2 hours to buy a freezer... ridiculous!!Well, it's a Starbucks...  Same coffee, same general atmosphere, but that is all that's good about this location.  It is about a third the size it needs to be, there is ALWAYS a waiting line and tables are overcrowded and sometimes hard to find.  Forget meeting with any privacy at all.  I felt like I was in the middle of three other conversations!I DO NOT recommend this location!Have had three bad experiences there I refuse to ever go back to starbucks. The people that work there were very rude to me and they are too expensive for that kind of serviceDinner for two...in and out in 45mins.   If you get a bottle of wine you'll find yourself pounding it.  This is probably why they could not find the bottle we ordered for 15minutes. Then had no idea how to serve it. The courses gets served on top of each other as if they need to get you out of there. Order the lobster ravioli and it tastes like fish sticks. Order the mushroom ravioli and it comes out like a plate of hot stew.  You can't tell what is the ravioli and what the burnt bits are.....bluntly...it was a mess.  I give one star because the bread is good, although oddly they leave a bottle of olive olive oil on the table straight from the store.....next to the crayons they have on the table so the server can write his name on the paper table cloth for you to remember. Come on.  Meal for two was $102 with wine and apps.  This place was a lot better a few years ago....now they can't even get the lighting right. Dump.We were sat quickly as the restaurant was not busy. It was my daughters graduation and we were all so disappointed. The service was horrible and the food was just ok. Our waiter must have forgotten about us cause we sat and ordered and waited and waited for just over an hour for our food then it was cold. All while the table next to us sat after and received the food before us. They left and our food was still not at our table. This is my second time at this Macaroni Grill with the same horrible service and  crappy  waiter (2 different waiters) . All I can say is THIS macaroni grill needs management to traintheir people better. Customer service is a lost skill at this restaurant.Romano's Macaroni Grill has it's nerve to serve Italian food!  First of all, when they bring the EVOO, they don't put fresh herbs in the oil like Carrabbas, they put black pepper! The Caesar salad had so little dressing on it that I had to order extra.  I ordered Chicken Parm with a side of fettuccine Alfredo instead of spaghetti with red sauce..  When my dinner was served, they gave me spaghetti  with so little red sauce the noodles were white and the chicken was grilled, with cheese on top that wasn't even melted and NO sauce, just a smear on the plate.  The chicken was so tough I couldn't cut it with a knife.  I returned it, the 2nd dish was fried chicken with unmelted sauce and a smear of sauce and the fettuccine had so little sauce it was sticky.  My husband had the BBQ steak, medium rare and it came out medium well.  The waitress didn't have a clue about anything on the menu and had to keep asking other people simple questions.  This was absolutely the worst meal we have had and will NEVER step foot in Romano's Macaroni Grill again.  I wish we had gone to Carrabbas instead!What a let down. After not eating at This Macaroni Grille in 3 years my wife and I stopped and ate here after my daughters dance recital and it was ok, not great but ok. We decided to meet for dinner there today and I asked my family to join us and it was not good. The place was not that crowded and they appeared short staffed. Or table for six was two put together with a 1/2 in crack where they joined together, on wine glass flipped over and the server said that had happened earlier to someone else? Would you not have thought they would have fixed it? The food was slow to the table and 3 of the 6 entrees was stone cold, one was hot and two were warm. The manager offered to heat it up, the plate came back hot with the food still cold. Well there was more but I'm done. None of my party will return to this place, it's sad there was nothing really good about the experience at all.For about 10+ years my family has gone to macaroni grill often and for special occasions like birthdays. Over the last 2 to 3 years the restaurant has been in a steady decline in terms of quality. Our most recent and last visit included the new "half pound meatball dishes" which ended up absolutely nothing like the picture for the TV advertisement. First, the pound of food was about 4 ounces of meatball and 12 ounces of pasta. Second, the pasta lacked flavor and in my case only had a few pieces of sliced mushroom. Everyone at our table was not happy with their meal after having given the restaurant tour three visit chances. The bread is still good, the key on today is good and the waitstaff continue to be relatively decent. Unfortunately, this is the last time and there are other similar options whereby the food is much better and they seem to care more.My wife and I went to MG on Friday 8/8/14 at 6:15 PM.Sat there 15 mins

Incredibly rude to say the least. Margret was very nice, she could tell I was getting heated from sitting there and not being helped. I work in the industry therefore I'm a phenomenal tipper. All I wanted was a beer and a salad.... Going to gecko.I visit the one in Chandler often, the food is delish and the staff is very attentive. I recommend going to that one. Don't waste ur money here.LAME, I came for an internet special and even after showing it to my server did not honor it due to the fact that no manger was available. BAD REVIEWS ARE A BITCH!I am beside myself right now.  My server was incredible but cleary intimidated by the owner...in fact fearful of this rotten human.

ds, friendly neighbors, two pools. It has all gone downhill after the complex was bought by a group of investors from Beverly hills. The security gate which made this place appealing is broken, had been for months. I have seen cars drive in casing the place for robbery. Beat up car, two suspicious looking characters driving in and then right back out. Questionable tenants moving in who I know are self employed sales people working out of their apartment. Management never returns calls, EVER. I would have recommended it in the past but not anymore.Cheaply made buildings, experienced several bug problems despite keeping a clean apartment, and a rude staff (with the exception of the maintenance guys, they are kind!)  When it came time to resign or get out, we couldn't get out fast enough.  They also tried scamming us for an extra two thousand dollars after keeping our security deposit!  Claiming we didn't pay rent in previous months, which we did-- always on time, and had the documentation to prove it, and that we owed them water & trash fees (even though they were supposedly included in the rent each month...)  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.  You truly get what you pay for at this place, cheap & tacky.Be sure to double check that your appointment is at this location. We got an automated message confirming our appointment at this location. We arrived 15 minutes before out appointment, filled out all the paperwork waited about 30 minutes only to have a staff member tell us that our scheduled appointment was at a different location. We replayed the voicemail to them and they said they couldn't do anything on their end. These people need to get their sh*t together, they make a big fuss about patients being on time but when they screw up they make no effort to accommodate us.Why does it take 10+ minutes to answer the phone  they don't deserve that one star I'm giving them!Nice caring doctor- unhappy with the "business side of the office" after I had my daughter they refused to see me because I owed them money. Ok... I owed them around 600$! But had set up payment plan, made payments to them timely and they still refuse to see me until it was cleared... I'm sorry but that is not CARE. That is all business. So now I'm preggo again but will not be going back there... It's too bad because I liked dr ohler :(  and p.s I paid that debt off in 2 months... But could not wait two months to get app, because what I needed was important and urgent. I don't trust a practice that cares more about their measly 600$ balance than a patient in need.Dr. Koon is incredibly unprofessional. I have never been treated so poorly by a doctor in my life.  After waiting an hour after my scheduled appointment time, he finally comes in the room and proceeds to rip me a new ass hole and tell me what a complete idiot I am for asking him what happened during my surgery.  My "follow up" didn't check on my health at all . I'd bet that I'm not the only patient that's left their appt with him early  crying. I doubt he cares remotely about his patients well being and only cares about making money off of them.  Do yourself a favor and don't see him.I recently became a patient at Desert West through word of mouth. I was starting to see a doctor about an IUD placement to help with severe cramping and endometriosis. My first couple of visits were awesome. I had a very friendly woman dr (wish I could remember her name) who could unfortunately not place my IUD due to the size and position of my cervix. I was truly disappointed but she recommended me to another dr who may have more experience, Dr. Koon. This is where everything went wrong.After meeting Dr. Koon, I could not help but sense a lot of negativity from him. I was uncomfortable since day one. On my second visit, I was so uncomfortable I brought my sister with me. We were doing a guided IUD insertion with an ultra sound to make sure it would make its way back successfully.Prior to my visit, I was prescribed 4 misoprisrol, a drug to relax and open your cervix. I was so unprepared for the pain. I truly thought I was going to have to visit the E.R. I called the triage nurse and she told me she was very concerned at how much my Dr had prescribed me and tried to calm me down. When I mentioned this at my appointment Dr. Koon was extremely irritated and laughed at me saying "yeah that's funny, they don't know what they're talking about. I wanted you to have four so You had four." My sister decided at that moment she didn't like him either because he was unprofessional and showed no concern with the pain I was in. I mentioned how much pain I was in and began to cry. He said absolutely nothing. I asked for water once he left the room and the nurse brought me some, she also seemed super uncomfortable.During the ultra sound, a very large dermoid cyst was found on my right ovary. I was told it would need to be surgically removed asap and the right ovary would be going with it. I have never had surgery or any health condition for that matter so I was terrified. I cried, a lot. Nothing was explained to me beyond that at that moment. They saw how visibly upset I was and didn't even give me time to collect myself, he had me lay back so we could complete the insertion. I laid on the table sobbing from the confusion and from the pain. My sister finally whispered to me that it was time to stop.We stopped the procedure and stepped into another room so the dr could "explain" the situation to me. This is my biggest complaint of all. He did not fully explain to me what was going on. I left confused and remained confused and then had someone who was just as rude called to schedule a surgery I knew nothing about. I was told I NEEDED this surgery however if I didn't have the money up front (literally a week after) then good luck because there is no way around it. Dr. Koon was very pushy about having the surgery ASAP and never stopped to explain that I would be okay. Never stopped to put a hand on my shoulder and tell me to breathe. I never got any actual care from this doctor. He truly didn't care about me. That is a huge issue!!!! It gets even worse.

Anyway, called back and I was told that they are really busy and they can pick us up but they can't guarantee that I will make it to the airport and was told they are not responsible if I miss my plane.  I told them this is pre-paid... she said.. "I know" MONEY IN THEIR POCKET and and ended up taking the cab...... and paying double...what a rip off...Here is the deal... DO NOT BUY ROUND TRIP!!!Make sure you have plenty of time and patience when you arrive at the airport.....A few previous reviewers have said it and I echo - do not buy a round-trip ticket. Our trip from the airport went pretty smoothly, we bought our tickets, immediately boarded a bus, waited about five minutes for it to depart, and about 20-25 minutes later we arrived at Harrah's.Leaving Las Vegas was a different story. We called 24 hours in advance and were given a pickup time 3 1/2 hours prior to our flight. I thought this was excessive, but fine. We were told to be at the pickup area at 9:10 a.m. We arrived at exactly 9:10 and there was no shuttle. A man on the curb told us our shuttle had left about 10 minutes earlier. Despite having a passenger list and knowing there were others coming, the driver instead chose to leave early.So we waited, and waited, finally called and were told another shuttle wouldn't be around until 10:10. At 10:25 our shuttle finally showed up, and the guy was rushing everyone and being an absolute jerk, apparently because he was upset that he was running late.It's a great money-saver leaving the airport, but drop the extra money for the cab to go back, otherwise you're at their mercy and they seriously couldn't care less.Don't bother using this service!  Like another reviewer, I bought my vegas package with travelocity.  when i got to vegas, went to gray line customer service desk - RUDE! and won't give you the time of day.  Even if we pre paid for service, they refused since we did not have a printed out voucher, even though we had on our iphone and gave them the voucher number.  we ended up paying again using the shuttle next door.  Gray Line really SUCKS!DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE! The Better Business Bureau has an F for this company. They lost my carry-on suitcase between the airport and the hotel, and they NEVER responded to even acknowledge the loss. We should all spread the word about these misconducts, and stop this consumer bullying.Just as others have said, DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!  I used Travelocity to book my trip and figured I would need transportation back and forth from the airport to the Tropicana hotel.  A cab would have been cheaper.  From the airport to Tropicana, the ride was fine.  Leaving was terrible.  I called 24 hours before like they tell you to and reservations were made to pick the 4 of us up at 6:15am.  We get down to the front entrance and my 3 friends waited outside while I checked out.  They were there at 6:15 and by the time I got outside it was 6:17 (receipt of my check out).  We waiting until 6:30 to call and the company said the bus was there from 6:15 to 6:19 and called it a no show and left.  Not one bus went through the front entrance.  They said it was our fault for not being out there on time.  I kept telling the operator 3 people were there at 6:15 and I showed up at 6:17.  He didn't want to hear it.  We had to wait until 7:15 for another bus to show up.I wish I'd read these reviews before I bought a round-trip ticket on Gray Line Airport Shuttle in Las Vegas. Do NOT buy a round-trip ticket. ($13).As instructed, we called 24 hours beforehand to book our shuttle back to the airport and spent 6 minutes on hold doing so. (Goodbye pre-paid phone minutes!) Along with another couple (independent of us) we stood outside our hotel (Flamingo) for 20 minutes before the shuttle was due to 30 minutes afterward, and there was no sign of it. We were advised by another shuttle company captain to take pay for a different shuttle company ride and try and get reimbursed by Gray Line. We did this as we didn't want to miss our flight.At the airport, we stopped by the Gray Line booth and were given forms we could submit by mail for a refund. We've sent those off, so we'll see if we get a refund. It would have been nice if they could have issued a refund there and then.The original trip from the airport to the Flamingo went well, but be aware they go to several other hotels first before yours, unless you're lucky enough to be first on the list. Gray Line Airport Shuttles need to seriously assess their operations.DO NOT USE THEM.**Update: After submitting an application by mail, I did receive a refund for the one-way portion of the ticket. I think for the hassle, they should have given me a complete refund. **Stopped by after work to return some Gymboree clothes that my grandmother mailed to me. Upon entering the store and unloading my box of items the girls at the counter tell me that can't accept my return because they don't carry my items. Because they ate an outlet they can't take Gymboree returns, even though they ARE Gymboree. Will be making sure I tell my grandmother to never send me clothes from this corporate store again.I call to complain, someone answers and says their introduction so quickly that I didn't catch the name. I says good morning and asks for a manager. He says he's acting manager at the time, so I ask him to repeat his name. He tells me I'm the manager at the time. Being already familiar with the service at this place I bypass the obvious deflection and ask procedure for making a complaint. He informs me to follow survey instructions on receipt which I retort that I've already done. He goes on to tell me that his manager checks the surveys daily and will respond accordingly. I double check the entire conversation repeating back to him all the information he's willing to let me leave the conversation with, ending by asking him to concur that that manager is completely unavailable.  11:15 am 7/26/14This was a follow up to the previous nights episode which I saved the receipt from so that I could complain.The previous night I'd went through the drive through and as I handed my daughter the milkshake it fell. I handed it back politely and asked young Daniel son to replace it and he looked at me crazy then told me he had to charge me for it. I said to him, you just saw that fall chief, you mean to tell me you don't want to replace my daughters milkshake? You could've just said no my man. Are you saying no? (Pause) he looks at me m shrugs wit the sorry bruh face. I says ok and he gives me my change then closes the window. I notices the error in this entire transaction and realize that it's completely unsatisfactory so I decide to get refunded. Still within eyeshot, he ignores my triplet horn honk 3x over the course of 50 seconds before returning to the window. Definitely not an experience to forget thus far.Scam. For profit, non accredited scam school. You are better off spending $90.000.00 on mega bucks.Absolutely clueless. I sent them a request for info based on content listed on their website. I get a recruiter calling me today with an attitude, who tells me what's on the website is wrong and they don't offer the program I want anymore. At that point he just hangs up. Dude, you missed an opportunity here to sign someone up as I had other interests besides the one you called about. One Star, and even that's being given under protest.It's for profit University that only graduates 25% UNLV is at 40% Nothing about this place says it anything more scam to line some else pockets.Wish I could give no stars!! I enrolled 2011 huge mistake!!!! Thank god I only attended for a month before I withdrew. I studied for the fashion design program basically $80,000.00!!!!! Insane!!! For basic education you get at csn for $300Price on laundering shirts went from $2.60 each (for one day service they already charge more - drop off in morning and pick up in evening next day) to almost $5 each!Why? After coming here for weeks, they've suddenly decided they've been charging me wrong to launder the size 4x shirts. Bigger shirts equal more money.Other cleaners in the area don't charge twice as much for a larger shirt.So disappointed with this cleaner I can't even give any star. They over charge and ruin my perfectly fine jacket.  The cashier is not friendly nor smile.  She seems doesn't know the culture.  I asked them to seam the cushion shell.  I provide the materials but they still charge $12 for each. I could bought a nicer cushion cheaper.  I would never go back to that place.  Greedy people like them doesn't deserve my business.So disappointed with this cleaner. They over charge and ruin my perfectly fine jacket.  One jacket wasn't even cleaned. They just cover up with plastic pretend it's been clean. The cashier is not even friendly.  I asked them to seam the cushion shell.  I provide the materials but they still charge $12. I could bought a cushion cheaper.  I would never go back to that place.  Greedy people like them doesn't deserve my business.So disappointed with this cleaner. They over charge and ruin my perfectly fine jacket.  One jacket wasn't even cleaned. They just cover up with plastic pretend it's been clean. The cashier is not even friendly.  I asked them to seam the cushion shell.  I provide the materials but they still charge $12. I could bought a cushion cheaper.  I would never go back to that place.  Greedy people like them doesn't deserve my business.I am very dissapointed with the service I received at this Taco Bell, the lady who was at the drive through window 1. took forever to get or order. 2. instead of making conversation, she was flirting with my husband, she asked him what he was doing this weekend & what kind of stuff he does infront of me, she also showed him a tattoo she got which is located in her rib cage & we saw her under garment & her skin as well. I don't think that is appropriate because she didn't just show him her skin but she also touched our food with the hands that revealed her back. I am so mad she as well gave us the wrong order & a Mexican old lady had to correct her who was also working with her & as she rolled her eyes when the Mexican lady corrected her, she forgot our sauces, I will never attend this Taco Bell again in life & if I do I will make sure everyone uses safety procedures in handling food, it's really gross to say that she not only flirted with my husband, but also didn't handle our food correctly so it was thrown away by us. I would love to speak to a manager about my experience because I really hope this never happens to anyone else.This place is far the worst place to get your nails done.  It burned my nail while he was filing it down.  Usually my fills are smooth but when you rub over the nail its bumpy as hell.  I RECOMMENED neverrr go to this place.  This place sucksI love La Salsa, but this particular location gets one star for giving me the flimsiest "overstuffed" burrito I've ever had. Those who know me know there is nothing I hate more than getting shorted on my meat portions. La Salsa in The Riviera is now #1 offender on my list.Update: May 12 2008:After 5 visits to this place, I am now completely fed up with the incompetent service people.  Not only are they not fixing the things that I brought it in for in the first place, but I now suspect they are breaking things so I will have to keep bringing my car back.  STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE AS POSSIBLE!!!!  I am going to report them to the BBB and contact Land Rover corporate to formally complain.  Something really wrong is going on at this dealership!!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Recently dropped one of my cars off at this dealership to get serviced.  VERY friendly Service Advisor (Terry).  Professional and knowledgeable.  Clean environment and decent location.  As for pricing, it is the same everything.....through the nose!1950 called and wants their sleazy car salesman back. I can't believe a high-line brand like Land Rover would let these people run a dealership that sells their cars. I went in to look at an Evoque. The salesman said I better be willing to pay big - he had sold all he could get - yet there were 13 on the lot????? He essentially blew me off when I questioned why he had so many on the lot if he had them all sold - and then he turned around and walked back into the office. As long as Land Rover lets these people represent them I won't be buying a Land Rover car any time soon. If you really want one - drive 3.5 hours to southern California where you'll have a better chance of being treated well.I bought a new 2013 Range Rover supercharged 6 weeks ago. I have been to the deal 3 times since then for cameras that don't work. The service department is a joke. I had to tell them what was wrong. I should have done more research before I bought this over price piece of crap. The cameras have been a know problem since 2010. All I had to do was look at Google to find out. I took the recalls yes I said recalls MANY to the dealer showing what was wrong. When I asked them to make sure they had the parts in stock before I dropped it off they said no. My next question was can you do that for me? NO was the answer. So now I am dropping it off and hoping they can repair it I a day. I could have spent 75% less and be treated better at a Ford dealershipWeek number 3 still no cameras.. I have also been blocked from posting on their Facebook page. They did tell me they are sorry there is a problem.I bought a van on eBay, worst dealer I have ever dealt with. It appears others feel the same, you would be better off with a plumber working on your car. They would not fix what there staff screwed up. Your better off if they don't work on your car.Well I'm back 11 months later for my first oil change. I picked my car up and drove straight home. When I got out I noticed oil running down the front fender of my car. They don't wash your car there because they don't have a car wash. Even  the cheapest car dealership in Las Vegas has a car wash. This time they gave it back dirtier than when I dropped it off. I tried to post a review on their web site but they still have me blocked. If they have a defense or excuse I would love to hear it. Stay as far away from here as you can. Money does not buy service. They have no pride in what they do. they are the only dealer in town and they know it.If I could give negative stars I would!!Bought my Freelander 10 years ago from LRLV. I LOVE MY CAR! Pushing 100,000 miles. We off road and really use the car in the way it was built. Off the pavement to get in touch with nature. I dont baby my baby but I take care of her and she treats me real good! I have been an extremely loyal customer and have had all service done thru LRLV.

This place suuuucks. If asked to pull forward to park to wait for your food, Don't do it. They'll forget about you. And then you go inside and your food is set off to the side. Like their was a fantom car and they don't know who the food belongs to. Then they try to hand off to me. I don't want cold food. So I got to wait again for my food. 15 minutes for 3 items..

Overall, just not wort the money... better to stay at the Best Western for half the price.Avoid if you can.Everything about my visit to this hotel was putrescent. The rooms were grim and weak on functional amenities. The bed was so uncomfortable it took me an hour to sleep. The lobby reeked of beer and was crowded with paunchy old spring training fans yelling and getting loaded. Elevator was out of service half the time. Roof was leaking black goo from the fourth floor ceiling into a fetid bucket that didn't appear to have been cleaned in ages. Exterior doors didn't work with room keys. Selfsame spring training fans smoking cigars up and down the hallway so that the first room they put me in stank of cigar smoke (and the hotel staff did nothing about it). I'd rather stay in a homeless shelter than this place. Next time in Tempe I'll be sure to stay at Aloft and avoid the squalor that is the Four Points.I am a business traveler and SPG member. Customer Service has always made my stay at hotels either wonderful or miserable. In this case I wouldn't say miserable but definitely frustrating.Before arriving for check in, I called Four Points in Tempe,AZ to confirm that a refrigerator would be available for my room since I knew there was a limited amount and only available upon request. An employee named "Yetta" took down my name and said she would take care of that request for me. So I preceded to buy groceries for my 6 day stay there. I checked in and Yetta couldn't find my name in the reservations so I gave her my wife's name since my company usually puts both of our names on the reservations. She then finds the reservations but informed me there were wasn't anymore refrigerators available at the time. What frustrated me even more was that she wasn't even apologetic nor made eye contact. She asked for my ID so she could put my name on the reservations and quickly tried to move past incident. I informed her that I just bought groceries and now have no where to store them but she said nothing. I then turned to my coworkers, who received a refrigerator, and asked could I just store my groceries in their refrigerator. I then requested to Yetta when a refrigerator becomes available can she put me on the list to receive one. She said yes. Two days later as I'm speaking to my other coworkers (there was about 10 of us) he mentioned he received a refrigerator a day before! I thought how was this possible since I was the next one on the list? My coworker said he just called the front desk and they brought one right up. That made me even more frustrated. Four days into my stay I voiced my complaint to another front desk employee and she offered to send a refrigerator to my room right away. But by then it was too late since I would be checking out the next day. I asked her if she saw my request for a refrigerator in the records and she couldn't even find my name in the room reservations! I told her "Yetta" already asked for my ID and supposedly put my name in the reservations. She then made an excuse for "Yetta" and said, "well that's not like Yetta so maybe she just forgot to save your information by accident." She then offered me a $5 voucher and suggested I buy snacks in their market pantry for my trouble. I thought, "wow, is that their idea of great customer service?" I was completely inconvenienced and not given priority as a loyal rewards member.Aside from this incident, my room was on the 2nd floor which reeked out cigarette smoke everyday. I'm not sure if this is a smoking hotel or not but the smell was only strong in the hallway and not the room so I was fine with it. The rooms were average.I did like their "Go Green" program which I received $5 vouchers everyday for not using housekeeping services. The bartender (with an Irish accent) was very courteous! I ordered dinner and went to pick it up. It was missing the salad so he offered to bring it up to my room. He refused the tip I tried to give him.I thought that was very nice of him.The breakfast was terrible. Pancakes and french toast was always hard and rubbery unless freshly prepared. Scrambled eggs weren't bad. The omelette I ordered was so greasy I couldn't even taste the ingredients. However, the chef was friendly. And the older waitress knew how to serve and always had hot green tea ready for me.The 4th floor rooms were the nicest.The had new sheets, pillows, and comforters. Some balconies are bigger than others. They all face the pool.

After being served very, very rare meat we asked for our meat to be cooked medium, one person said well done. In the meantime I chose to visit the hot bar for a few items, upon lifting the lids I found several containers with very little in them and some where completely empty. I waited patiently for them to be replenished, once they were I was very surprised to see the small amount placed within.  At this time I would also like to say there was no wait for a table, the restaurant was not crowded by any means and services was very slow. I could only hope that the kitchen was short staffed. We were at this establishment for just under three hours, don't forget forty five minutes of self serve foods.  This dining experience was very disappointing, from the lack of personality within the wait staff to the lack of succulent meats they claim to offer!  ~My Spouse and I were invited to dine with the other couples, had we visited this establishment alone I would have discreetly spoken with a manager in hopes that it would help to make our dining experience a good one.**On the bright side, the young man who refilled our beverages (water and soda) was outstanding, I give him a 10!Absolutely NOT a Brazilian steakhouse. Do not be fooled! I have been here in two occasions and on both of them were completely disappointing. The owner is not even Brazilian and clearly has no idea what a Brazilian steakhouse is. The food itself is not terrible but it is served cold in a buffet style and the barbecued meat is brought only once and sliced wrong. As Brazilian and authentic gaucho myself I would never return and never call this place a Brazilian steakhouse.Do NOT go here for dinner. The food was ok. Service was nothing to talk about. The server disappeared on many occasions. It was an average experience at best at this point and I probably would not have written any type of review had it ended here. However, since I am writing, you can guess there is more. The server brought us our bill, we gave our card, he charged us and we put tip on and signed. About 5 minute later he comes back and asks if we were charged correctly. We said we thought we had been it showed to meals two desserts. He takes our receipts from us and says he would be right back because he didn't charged us correctly. He returns with voided receipts and a new bill for a higher charge. He states he is sorry for the inconvenience. I ask why we are being recharged for his mistake. He explains that he charged us wrong. I asked to see the original receipt to compare to the old one and was refused. I asked why I could not see my original ticket and was told because it was charged wrong. I explain that I understand this but I don't understand how this is my fault especially since I can't compare the two receipts. I asked to speak to a manger. The manager asked what the problem was. I explained the situation. The manager stated that we owed more money because we weren't charged correctly. I again asked how this was our fault. He simply stated that I owed more and need to be recharged. He then walked away. As a former server, I would not have even alerted my table that I had made the mistake if I had already charged them. As a manager I would not have made the customers pay the up charge due to the server's mistake. So aggravated. Again, food and service NOT worth the price...and that was during Restaurant Week!Horrible service - OK food - Small Selection

This woman TAKES YOUR MONEY and then REFUSES SERVICE.

So shame on you Enterprise! Shame on your pratices! Shame on your lack of customer service! Shame on you for not caring enough to change your ways!!!I called earlier today inquiring about the weekend special of 9.99. So this lady answers I don't know from what location but I tell her what I want and she tells me that that location don't do that. I said yes they do because I inquired about it before and than she tells me that their isn't any cars left. She said is it ok to check another location I said sure than again tells me there is no cars at all in the Las Vegas area. So I proceed to ask for a manager she tells me ok hold a few min. later she comes back on and tells me that the man. is on the phone. NO MAN. And she hung up on me. So than I try the on line option get to where I want to inter a code and than it kicks me out and I have to start over. I gave a review that they ask if anybody wants to do, give my phone number and no one has called back. SURPRISE SURPRISE!I'm giving this review 1 star because the customer service sucks at this branch. My car was being repaired at a local company whom I guess partners with this branch to transport guests to and fro. I was picked up by Andy and another young lady. I needed to go to 7-11 to get a money order and when I exited the store the they were gone. They left me at 7-11. Granted that Enterprise and 7-11 were 2 buildings apart, fact still remains that you don't drop people off and leave. Finish out your task. Nick was very nice and accommodating, but his staff is young and they simply suck major suckage! I will never ever visit this branch again no matter how close it is to my home.I wish we could give this place negative stars especially the sexist rude manager. I had a 1 way rental from Denver to this location dropped the car off 12 hours early with full tank of gas and spotless. I was charged $100 more on my credit card then the reciept said for a spot of hair that was in the car, when we contacted customer service we were told that the manager had hired a cleaning company to steam clean the car the report from the cleaning company stated the car was clean and the only hair was a little patch in the back nothing more than you could pick up with your hand. Customer service told us they were sorry and will be refunded we waited a week no refund had to call back to be told the store manager is blocking the refund, now we cant get ahold of anyone are calls are being ignored and we are being told we will receive a call eventually. Me and my spouse have been using enterprise for years with no problem but will never use there services again.Absolutely terrible!!!!!!! From beginning to end!!!!!They were completely misleading thought the whole process! I went to pick up a rental that I would need for 5days. I was given a price and only after I left did I notice $100 more was withdrawn from my account than the said price. Luckily I listened in on a convo another gentlemen was having with a customer in front of me telling her about the extra $100 to be held. After requesting the car for two more days I was given another set price only to find out that when I was returning the vehicle that price wasn't including the insurance waiver and taxes so they wanted $200 more than what was told to me upon my request. ALL OF THE EMPLOYEES WERE WRAPPED UP IN PHONE CALLS FOR ABOUT 20min. IT WAS A CIRCUS!No. I don't care for this at all. We ordered delivery. Even crappy chinese usually has enough msg to make it tasty. This was bland and dry! We ordered curry chicken combination and general Tsao's chicken.  They were both not spicy enough and DRY. Let it swim in the sauce please! The veggies in the dish were few and far between. The egg rolls were not crispy. Bland. Boring. I will try somewhere else next time. The star is only for delivering to the correct location.I literally had the worst Singapore mei fun in Madison. Except for EXTREMELY HOT, it was tasteless. I do like hot food. But this dish is simply great amount of hot sauce mixed with mei fun and a little meat. I wonder if the cook ever know what is Singapore mei fun, or he/she ever try his/her own Singapore mei fun.BE CAREFUL OF FRAUD AT http://www.double10delivery.com/ AND www.double10restaurant.com!!!!!!

Shared Volcano Nachos-nothing special.

The smoked salmon looked and tasted very old.

10:10 called back after being left on hold, Ashely answered, left on hold again

@

My mother calls them they tell her they don't have that tv in stock and talked my 88 yr old mother into buying a different tv that they did have in stock, I was furious and went to store to tell them to cancell the order,they told me to call corporate which I did, they said no problem they will cancel order. Here we are 2 months later and I'm still trying to get my mothers money back for her. She is so upset over this I thought she was going to have a stroke. It's criminal how they take advantage of the elderly. I used best buy in the past and always recommended them but never again. Be careful... Gotta leave a star to get published.Bestbuy has spit in my face twice within the last month their customer service is atrocious i have been a customer of best buys for a long while now i even own one of their elite rewards zone cards normally i always know what i want when i go into a best buy store so i do not have to speak to one of their representatives the first time the ignored me saws about 2 weeks ago i have been having a problem with my in-dash stereo with freezing i went into the store to look in their stereo department to ask if someone could take a look at it i spoke with one rep who didn't have a clue what he was talking about so he then directed me to install department and told me to knock on the door i went over and did so the installer looked at me and then turned around and ignored me there was a customer in the install department that also told the installer i was at the door he said something to the customer and the customer then looked at me and shrugged his shoulders i walked out of best buy furious by the situation Now the second time i was fortunate to be in the bahamas when they set the release date  for the ps4 so i obviously couldn't pre order it from gamestop like i would have love to so i preordered through best buy wight the ps release 2 days away i received and email from best buy saying that i could pick up my system from the store at 12:01 pm which i was confused by because i had the system shipped to my home the customer rep that i spoke to over the phone initially was a complete idiot he was trying to tell me that the system does not release until the 22nd i told him that the system comes out friday the 15th then he cancelled my order because i got angry with him so i then called customer care back and spoke with a supervisor this time which proceeded to tell me that she could not reinstate my order so when i asked to be escalated to someone superior to her she proceeded to tell me that there was no one above her which is a lie because obviously she is not the president of the company then she hung up on me what great customer service right so then i went down to this best buy location and explained to them the situation that was going on and they flat out told me that they could not help me either which is utterly ridiculous i then went home and called back customer care again and immediately escalated it to a supervisor the person i spoke to was nice enough to transfer me corporate customer care the fella i spoke to was great but really couldn't do much he even called the store to try and help me out the manager anthony still refused to help unless he got authorization from a manager so then the rep told me he would have some one call me int he morning the reason i am so upset by the situation is that i placed my order on june 14th before the system was sold out and no one would help with the situation and the kicker is they have systems that are first come first serve that they could have easily pulled to handle the situation but they are complete idiots Bestbuy has lost my entire family and friends loyalty because i have told everyone i know about this situation and now this will be also seen by my friends and family on Facebook which i am very well known so if anyone of my friends or family take the time to read this do not waste your time shopping at WORSTBUY  go to frys or walmart you will probably find better customer service at either one of these place all and all FUCK BEST BUYI have bought three laptops within the the last 3 months and each time I have gone into Best Buy in hopes of getting service like they used to give way back when.    I assume they have decreased their staff over the years to help their bottom line.   When I have gone in there, you cannot find a sales person to help you in the computer department.   Once you do get someone, they are short and rushed and do not know the details of the technology.  They have became nothing more than a sales person.      Several years ago, Best Buy was the place to go as they would educate you on the purchase and you would leave there feeling like you at least made an informed decision.     Needless to say they are no longer training their employees on the details.     I ended up taking my three laptop purchase to FRY's because I could get my questions answered!Walked out without buying the tablet & laptop we planned on purchasing. Had some questions on a couple items because we needed to make a final decision. The misogynist's loud reply to our question was "it doesn't hold a charge because it's a tablet"! Pretty sure he either doesn't know what he's talking about, or his ex cheated on him with a tablet since every subsequent answer ended with "because it's a tablet".  Dear Mr I-Talk-Down-To-You-Because-You're-A-Girl, we know it's a tablet, but when asked about them in the future, instead of being an ass, use the opportunity to make a sale. Speak nicely while steering them to one model or another, while saying why one is more advantageous than another.Terrible store!

The potato soup had absolutely NO flavor whatsoever.  The jagerschnitzel wasn't breaded normally, and the mushroom gravy wasn't very good.  The sauerkraut tasted like it was served from a can, and NO German restaurant should be serving mashed potatoes!

Very disappointing.We have given this place two opportunities within one month to get their act together. Sadly, I took out-of-town guests there tonight and was embarrassed beyond belief.

regarding : comment from lori w. of the westin lake las vegas resort & spabusiness owner on 3/16/2015 although we are very grateful for the valuable feedback that you've provided, we are saddened to learn that your stay was less than satisfactory. we understand how important this staycation was for you and your fiance and it is truly regrettable to learn that we missed several opportunities to impress you throughout your time with us. are you really lori?  i'm still sulking in the fact we spent so much money there and feel more exhausted from the stress of what feels like buyers remorse.its awful....and whats worse it was my idea...we should stuck with the cabin up in mt.charleston as orginally planned but something different and new sounded fun...although we regret that we did not meet your expectations, we are glad to learn of the exceptional customer service that you received from our staff. two members of your staff...just two . . . thank you for taking the time to mention them by name, bri and sasha (i  didnt have her name but  believe this is her name) i assure you that they will be recognized for a job well done. i hope they are recognized for a lot more than that. ... how about skill, customer satisfaction, and personalities to leave a person smiling for a life time.

I had to shout my order across the noise to the person making my order and could barely hear the questions being asked.  I might have verbally agreed to the assassination of someone being held hostage in the kitchen, I'll never know.   Normally, that sort of thing doesn't bother me with this style of  restaurant (the shouting, not assassination), but this was worse than a bar on a Saturday night hosting 5 21st birthday parties.And the atmosphere?  Kids everywhere, kids screaming and kids dropping their food and crying. I'm not a kid person, but the parent to child ration was 1:3 and that could shake anyone trying to eat lunch.  The tables were so close together you had to ask the guests behind you to scoot forward so you could get out and the tables were built around the waiting line so the people in line had the pleasure of watching you eat and you had the pleasure of being uncomfortable.

Bought a deal through Groupon  and couldn't use it on anything but full priced items. No savings.

Bottom line- Skip this place and try someplace else...whether it be on S. Eastern Ave or another street.Gross. Don't do it!I never review but this place was so awful the booth was covered in stains and dirty the floors were sticky the menus were sticky the service was extremely slow even though the restaurant was not busy they were out of juices we had to send the teriyaki beef back because it tasted like it was powder. I would give 0 stars if I could. The miso soup was cold and it had way too many green onions. The salad was coated in mayonnaise it was disgusting. The cuts of fish were really sloppy where you can see all the white sinewy stuff. The table next to us actually got up and left I wish we had left instead of trying to choke down their food. We bought a Groupon and tried this place but but it wasn't worth it even with the discount from Groupon.It had been quite a few months since I had eaten here as the quality had started dropping a bit but I enjoyed the convenience off of 215.Tonight, I arrived at 6:40pm by myself.  There was only three patrons sitting at the sushi bar and another three tables of patrons throughout the restaurant.  A host or waiter, unapologetically,  came up to me and said that there would be a 20 minute wait for myself because there was only one chef working tonight.  I left.I would not advise anyone to go here because there is a very good chance it will be a waste of your time even on a slow night because they refuse to staff chefs properly.  I am optimistic that this owner or management team will turnover quickly and we can get a better concept in the space.They only had one girl waiting tables AND hosting. When we walked in there was no one to greet and seat us because she was by herself. That being said..service was slow (I felt bad for the girl) because they're understaffed. There was NO toilet paper in any of the stalls in the bathroom. The nigiri had an extremely large portion of rice. I will not be returning. I should have read the other reviews.I've been going to Xtreme sushi for the past 2 years. But after tonight, they have lost me as a customer. I went to eat here with my family tonight 02/25/14. When we walked in there was nobody to greet us. But that's kind of normal for this place, theres never usually anybody in the front, I don't mind though. Once we got a booth, the only booth with no light on top of us so it was hard to read the menu, I realized there was 1 waiter for the 3 tables in the front. Our table was still wet. I think those were the only tables being used in the whole resturant at the time. So he got our drinks & appetizers for us right away, then I wasn't able to get his attention for like 30 minutes afterwards. Once we got his attention, we ordered maybe 6 different rolls for all you can eat. After I said the 6th one, he stopped us told us he would put those in first then come back. Well okay? So we got the rolls & let me mention ordered shrimp tempura & calamari also. Anyways, we ordered some more rolls, those all came slowly but surely. In the end he came to us & gave us our check. Didn't ask us if we wanted dessert or anything. So I asked him if they had mochi ice cream (which they used to). He said no all they have is green tea ice cream (which is free when you get A.Y.C.E.). That is complete crap! I was there a week ago & they had a pretty decent selection of tempura ice cream & stuff. I felt like maybe he was too lazy to add that on the receipt or something? The guy seemed like an a**. We looked at the receipt, it all seemed right until we saw the shrimp tempura still on there. We never got the shrimp tempura! So we told the guy & he asked us if we wanted to take it off. We obviously we do want it off. What kind of question is that? The only reason I've been going to this sushi place is because of the Paquaio roll & the crabby patty. I've never been to a sushi place that makes that. Sadly I'll have to find a different one & just part ways with the Paquaio roll. Anyone who loves sushi knows it's hard to find a favorite sushi place. So I'll have to start looking. If I could, I would give this place negative 3 stars honestly. Oh & plus the music was horrible! Not something I would listen to at a dine-in place. Very very dissapointed.WORST SUSHI IN CITY. Its seems like amateur hour sushi rolls... Does anybody roll sushi at home? NO.  That's what it seemed.  Sushi at the local buffet would be better.After being told there would be a 10 minute wait to be seated, I inquired if me and my boyfriend could sit at the (empty) sushi bar. We were told no because "it's too hard for the servers to get the sushi from the bar.. They don't like it crowded." So I can't sit at the sushi bar in a sushi restaurant? No problem, I know plenty of places that I can! Needless to say, don't waste your time.Even though it was a Tuesday night, the place was empty. Ate here 2 years ago, and hadn't been back til now. I now know why we hadn't returned after the first time. Food was horrible. Prime location and interior has a good vibe. Looking around noticed how filthy the furniture and sushi bar top are. Will not be returning. Not even in 2 years, if it lasts that longI came here with my coworkers a few months back because we had a coupon for 20% off the meal.  A couple of us are sushi lovers and wanted to introduce one of our other coworkers to the wonderful world of sushi.  This was not the way to do it.  We came in just around noon and we were brought back to the table somewhat quickly.  The place looks great, they have music playing, it seems good and all.  The waitress told us that the menu was slightly different from before (had never been there before so didn't matter).  I ordered a teriyaki chicken lunch meal, and when it arrived, it literally looked like the chicken was strips reheated from frozen with some flat glaze on it.  it was sitting in a pool of water, which reaffirmed my guess, and then tasted very blah and mushy.   i also had to ask them to bring me i believe two different items that were listed on the menu but were not brought out.  the waitress had to ask me again what it was that i had ordered, and to point it out on the menu.  the place was NOT busy, and it was not a complicated order.  they also botched the pricing for one of my coworkers (almost double price), and the excuse was that it rang up different in the price register since it was a new menu...  needless to say, i ate maybe one bite of chicken and left it to soak in its water.  the california rolls were okay.  i have no reason to go back there, even though they handed us some more 20% off coupons.  we left them on the tableBeware! The "X" in "Xtreme Sushi" means stay away! Do it with me- two fingers, now! X! X! X!Where to begin? Here it goes... We went as a party of 4 adults:Even though the restaurant was quite empty, there was a little bit of a wait.. & we were seated down the hallway, RIGHT NEXT to the only other table (with 3 crying children), in the room. I get it, children will cry. When we sat down, we could feel the kids pushing on the back of the booth seat, repeatedly; so we had to politely move one booth away..The music was not at a dining level, I could have sworn we were at a Jay-Z concert! We couldn't even hear each other speak across the table... lots of lip-reading.The service, overall, was mediocre... at best. The water served was like drinking pool water!! I had to order lemon to try to mask the nasty chlorine flavor.. One of us asked a man what beer was served.. he looked at her like a deer in headlights & said he send the server right over.. but no such thing happened.Three of us ordered "all-you-can-eat sushi"-- & one (not a sushi fan) ordered a few appetizers, as her meal. The waitress brought the appetizers, along with ONE small dish of some ginger & old dried up wasabi the size of the tip of my thumb. (For the three of us!?, you're too generous!) Absurd!After we put our first order in, we waited 15-20 minutes(!) for just 3 rolls to be made. By that time the "crying kids table" left & they had seated another couple with a crying kid RIGHT NEXT to us, AGAIN-- after explaining why we had moved over! We should have left when we had the chance.The sushi was dis-gust-ing. In other words--revolting, repulsive, off-putting, unpalatable, foul, nasty, vomitus.. Take your pick. NOT FRESH IN THE SLIGHTEST. The "tempura" shrimp was cold & soggy. The tuna, warm & mushy!! Gross! The presentation was even horrible. Had to "fish" other tables for napkins, ask for wasabi & ginger for EACH of us that ordered sushi, not to mention- when we told our server our second order, (5 rolls) she didn't write any of it down, & guess what?! Just 4 rolls came out to the table! We took that as a blessing...

I went in on my own time and they did not have any samples ready.When I demanded a full refund they made me wait over a half hour while they hurried and made a sample. They promised they would have the completed order ready for pick up by Saturday.When I picked up order, the final product was poorly made; they embroidery made the shirts puckered, and the hats were of such poor quality that the top seam was not centered on the bill of the cap.

When we got home, his biryani was BEEF not lamb. There was no mix up, we were the only ones in the restaurant, and my husband was talking to the owner the entire time.This was a HORRIBLE Groupon experience, and a total scam, offering a take out Groupon for $12 for $25 worth of food and then offering ridiculous prices and claiming they don't have a menu.

UPDATE: This issue was completely resolved. I was told I was put on the wrong list. Apparently they have a list for those who get automatically rolled over to a monthly account and then those whose memberships are supposed to just end when their year is up. I was on the wrong list. I was assured that they were not trying pull one over on me and it was not shoddy business practices, but simply a misunderstanding. *shrug* I'm glad it is resolved but I wish I had never been sent to collections. And while the local staff was friendly enough, I still won't return. I'd rather work out in my own home.I would love to say something nice about the food here but I've been waiting for my noodles for over an hour now. The expectations are so high now and can't possibly be fulfilled.   Don't come here if you are already hungry. You'll pass out waiting. Will post again if I ever get to eat.my husband and i were visiting in laws during the holidays, tired of eating leftovers we opted for something closer to home.  we took my father in law for a 1st time pho experience and all 3 of us ordered pho and it was PHOnomenal!!!!!! bowl was large enough to satisfied our taste buds for a decent price ($8-$10).  for our 3 yr old, we ordered grilled shrimp fried rice which i REALLY liked!!!!!!  my toddler liked the grilled shrimp on the skewer so i had to finish his fried rice. though toward the last few bites i bit into a small 1/4 inch square shape piece of GLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i was mortified.  i'd prefered my fried rice w/o the jagged broken piece of !!!!GLASS!!!! in my dish please. the thought of my toddler ingesting that & him getting hurt would've ruined our fun holiday plans, also a possibility of sitting in the ER for hours. because of this 'accidental' experience w/the fried rice, i've decided to give Pho Van 1 star due to the piece of glass in my toddler's dish. sigh.Pittsburghers if you haven't tried Pho before then please understand that Pho is usually much better than this.  I've lived in Los Angeles for 15 years now and have come to love Pho.  This place would not last one week in Los Angeles.  It is hard to believe that they are charging more for Pho than restaurants in Beverly Hills.  The noodles were over cooked and turned into mush.  There was barely any meat in either of our dishes.  I live in LA and I know many restaurants that charge a high price for small portions but the food had better be damn good or else people would never come back.  Tap water has more taste than the broth in the Pho at Pho Van.  I ate about half of my Pho, my wife ate less of hers and we left.  I hate paying for overpriced food and leaving hungry.  If it was really good food then I might be willing to give them a pass but this is a horrible representation of what Pho is supposed to be.terrible service，long time waiting, very few noodle，and hard parking. There is no reason go there again!Service was good. Food landed me in the hospital with a nasty case of food poisoning (vomiting, fever, aches, chills). That's ironic because I had checked the health inspection reports for this place beforehand.Hopefully it won't happen to you. It sure won't happen to me because I'm not ever going back.Imagine if you will, you put a glass of milk in the freezer to get cold. Then you accidentally forget about it and when you find it, it is solid and that strange yellow color. You decide to try it anyway but it has crystalized and as you toss it in the trash, you think, "What a waste".There, I just described a trip to Sub Zero.I was recommended this place by a friend and thought why not. I read the reviews online and a lot of them were good so I decided to invite some fellow "ice cream lover" friends of mine. When we got there we asked the lady how it works and she said just read the sign and that's basically it. So after we were treated so poorly one of my friends just ordered something off of their " favorites" menu and I tried the cake batter ice cream with carmel. Another friend of mine tried there Chocolate with cheescake pieces and I have to tell you not one of them tasted good. After our first bite we just thought it tasted a little funny and we were hoping it would get better... it didn't. I am sad to review this place so low but people should really know go in with high expectations on this one. One person said this place was better then Coldstone and it clearly is not! Service was not good and the ice cream tasted wierd.Way over priced for what you get.  It melts so fast and it doesn't taste that good.  I was not impressed at all!  Not a fan and I will NOT be back!Just gross.  Not much else to say and really no other way to say it.  If you skipped certain days of chemistry, you may be in for a brief treat as the liquid nitrogen works.  Otherwise stick to regular old ice cream and enjoy what you eat.I was very upset at this location. It was my birthday, and all I really wanted was an awesome bowl of fresh made ice cream. As my girlfriend and I are getting ready to park, this car comes speeding right past in front of us to park in the handicap spot. Ok, so I thought, that was just a rude driver...nope, a group what we thought were teenagers jumping out of the car. They proceeded to walk into the ice cream shop. As my girlfriend and I walk in, these teenagers turn out to be employees, because there they were, behind the counter....I was pissed!!! Not only are their employees parking in the handicap spot, but they also almost hit us while we had the right of way. I really hope this was an anomaly, but needless to say, we turned around and walked right out. Now don't get me wrong, the ice cream there is great, but the unprofessional employees have made it so we will not come here anymore. Now...any good suggestions on a new ice cream spot?The kids here screw up the ice cream everytime. It's all gimmick no flavor.  I have chunks of base white ice cream with my chocolate. Gross probably all artificial flavor anyway.   And it's chewy, ice cream is not supposed to be chewy.We have tried 3 visits each time is more disappointing. No more! The ice cream is one note sweet. The chocolate is a joke.Just had my first subzero experience. While the experience was different/mildly entertaining,  the ice cream was beyond horrific. This was the first time in my 33 years of life that I actually threw out ice cream (I'll even endulge in months old freezer burned ice cream at home). The icing on the cake was the $6.06 it cost to have a SMALL creation, some peanut butter combo they have on the menu. I literally ran upstairs once home to brush my teeth and get rid of the horrible flavor once and for all. Worst $6 ever spent and worst ice cream I've EVER had.i will never go back to this place!  terrible service!!! here is what got me; we ordered a 2nd round 10 min. before happy hour was to end only to have the lazy and terrible server come over and asked if we wanted another round.  we politely reminded him that we ordered the round prior for the happy hour special.  he slowly brought us our drink and when we got our bill... guess what? we were not charged the correct price.  he used the excuse that the computer did it and that he couldn't change it.  we again reminded him that if he had brought us our drinks in a timely manor the computer would not have charged us more.  he then said he'd buy us one of the glasses.  what a jerk! please it isn't coming out of your pocket, do your job correctly!  so here is my take, this place is a copy cat of many others.  go to the places with great service and spend your money there. don't waist your time here with these rude people!Bad Energy. I try to support local business and really wanted to like this place, but in the 6-7 times I have been there I have yet to feel like they haven't seen me as a burden on their day. I don't know what it is - it may be because I usually have my well mannered 2 year old daughter with me and they aren't overly kid friendly. They don't have highchairs and claim it is because of some restaurant code (I go to restaurants, I see high chairs...). I have had other friends with and without kids in the neighbor share similar experiences . I just heard they implemented a no stroller policy (not confirmed).   I don't want kids screaming and running around when I am eating either, but address it if and when it happens and don't have a smarmy sign up that says unattended kids will be given espresso.Other than that:Nice clean design, they added a couch and some comfy chairs recently, I think that helped. Their sandwiches are lacking, but I really like their chocolate croissants and pop tart knockoffs - almost gave them 2 stars for the croissants, but can't get past the lack of customer service. Coffee is not great, but they do sell the Cokes that Earthfare sells as Mexican Coke - I think it has real sugar as opposed to high fructose corn syrup - that is good, but I can get that at Earthfare.This place is a joke.  The carrot cake was repulsive and made me want to throw up in my mouth.  The chocolate souffle wasn't much better.  I recommend some cooking classes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Used to be good. Good selection, good food, but not anymore.It seems to have gotten more popular than they can really deal with, they are constantly sold out of anything worth eating, the staff is harried and discombobulated.It is a shame to watch a nice neighborhood place dissolve into this, but I no longer go there, and I suggest that if you do... GO EARLY, they don't bake enough to make it until 9:30AM last 2 times I bothered.You come for the croissant and they are out of croissants. On a Sunday morning, they are out of croissants.This bakery comes up when you search for gluten free bakeries.  The only thing gluten free they had was chocolate dipped macaroons.  I won't be back.Good food, but since the change of ownership late last year the place has gone downhill. The owner was incredibly rude upon a simple inquiry on a 15+ minute delay on the food, getting agressive and loud when a simple "sorry let me check on that" would have been enough. Her answer when questioning her attitude and asking not to raise her voice at us since we were calm? "This is a cafe, not a restaurant". Ive eaten here many times and the food if good, I just cant support Ms.Parrish and her rudeness. Single worst experience Ive had in this town.Good food, but since the change of ownership late last year the place has gone downhill. The owner was incredibly rude upon a simple inquiry on a 15+ minute delay on the food, getting aggressive and loud when a simple "sorry let me check on that" would have been enough. Her answer when questioning her attitude and asking not to raise her voice at us since we were calm? "This is a cafe, not a restaurant". Ive eaten here many times and the food if good, I just cant support Ms.Parrish and her rudeness. Single worst experience Ive had in this town.UPDATE: In response to owner's response. I didn't deal with any server. I dealt with the manager who is writing the response. Checked on an order that took 15 minutes and she raised her voice at me. I never shouted, never insulted. She came to my table and raised her voice, questioning me why I thought it was ok to check on an order that had taken 15 minutes. I had never seen anything like this from somebody who owns a place. A simple rational response to my inquiry would have suffice, and she turned it into an argument and started yelling.Ok...I don't know why I continue to come back here. So sad this AM by my watery chai latte. Seriously? $4 for watery thin chai tea. I'm very disappointed and upset that I wasted my money.  I won't go back.Overpriced, mediocre and a surly staff. First visit will be the last. Ham and gruyere sandwich was mediocre at best- and like Lucy B too much bread, too little filling.  To add "insult to injury" the server handed me my takeout with a glare and silence. - and I even tipped on my takeout. I was warned by a friend, but did not listen- I apologize - G.S. You were right.After overpaying for a chocolate croissant that tasted like it came straight from Publix, I went to get a cup of ice and was told I had to pay $.50.  Who charges for ice?Saturday night in August 2013, good waitress, mediocre food, terrible manager. Matt the manager had 2 menus w the same product at 2 different prices. Instead of honoring their misprint he insisted on charging the higher price. Result: a $139 bill without the 2 dessert cocktails and 2 adult couples that will never frequent the business again, all over a $4 misprinted menu and the dumbest manager I have seen in decades. Thanks Buck & Honey'sWe decided to try Buck & Honey's this past Saturday night. We got to the restaurant at about 7:30pm and were told it was a 30 minute wait. We agreed to wait and headed over to the bar. We ended up heading back over towards the door to sit and wait because there wasn't enough room at the bar - even to stand. We were in the way no matter where we were. After waiting about 45 minutes we were seated directly behind the band. The music was nice but we were very obviously there for a nice dinner as a couple and we couldn't even hear each other talk. The  large group already seated next to us was extremely loud, inconsiderate and drunk. An employee often went over to their table to visit and take more drink orders which led me to believe they were frequent guests but their tone and behavior was ignored. Out waitress was okay but she ignored the fact that we were obviously not comfortable in our environment at all. After having waited 45 minutes for a table, I was not about ask to be seated elsewhere because I was starving. We ordered cheese curds for an appetizer and also each ordered a steak - cooked medium. The cheese curds came out about 5 minutes after our entrées but they were very good - I wish there were more for the cost though. The steak was charred on the outside and completely red and uncooked on the inside. It was seasoned well and the sides were tasty but the steak was disappointing and I was pretty sure I would be sick the next day. I was most upset about the fact that all of this cost me around $70. I've heard such great things but have to disagree. I am very hesitant to give it another try but maybe on a quiet weeknight it could be better..Stopped in for lunch and was very underwhelmed. Service was poor despite there being not much of a crowd. Ordered a grilled chicken pesto on ciabatta and it was edible but nothing to get excited over.  Even the hand cut fries tasted like they had been sitting in oil too long. My wife had a club sandwich that had borderline burnt bread. Sorely disappointed and doubt we will be back.My wife and her family went there for lunch.  Found a bug crawling out of  one of their salads!  Never going back to this place and telling everyone I know to avoid it.let's start by saying this is our 4th visit to the establishment and they always sit us in the corridor outside the main restaurant. We are celebrating  both Mother's Day and my 64th birthday, what a mistake by coming here. Sat down and immediately the waiter took both our drink and dinner order. It is all downhill after that. Linda's salad was brought out, still no drinks and they finally arrived when she finished the salad. In the meantime we notice other people arriving and being seated, also issues with the meal for the couple sitting next to us. We start to talk with them and find out of the poor service they have received, also about the extended wait for their desserts to arrive. We watch a couple of young ladies who arrived 20 minutes after we have receive their dinners and we are still waiting. Finally someone stops by our table and asks how we are doing and I say we have not received our meals and have already waited 45 minutes. He leaves to check and then our waiter, needs to find a different profession, stops by to say he forgot to put our dinner order in until after we had spoken to the other person. Then the manager comes over and apologizes for the mistake and says he will cut our bill by 50%, let me say it should have been FREE. The meal finally arrives more than an hour after we ordered and suffice to say mine still wasn't completely what I ordered and didn't get corrected until the manager stopped at the table again. I could not wait to get out of the place and have no intention of returning. My wife said to me as we walked out that it was her worst dining experience EVER. Happy Celebrations for us, not quite.So... I'm here now, been sitting at a table in the bar area for about 15 min. At least three different employees have, literally, walked right past me without saying a word. Not one word. No eye contact, no glass of water, no "Someone will be right with you," no "GTFO of our restaurant," nothing. The only reason I'm still here is that I wanted to post my review while it was still fresh in my mind, and I also want to find somewhere else to eat before I leave.Very disappointed with our trip to Buck & Honey's tonight. Service was poor - I had to stop our server to say we wanted to order drinks before he ran off. We ordered the calamari and it was over cooked and sort of burned crispy tasting. My daughter had the chicken Parmesan. The chicken was thin and soggy and she gave up after a few bites. I tasted it and would not have known it was chicken it was so bad. My wife's pan fried tilapia was also very thin and soggy. My seafood gnocchi was good although we got into a discussion about the fact that it's listed as an entree that gets two sides, but I was told when I ordered it that its so large it doesn't need sides. I deferred at first to the server, but then thought that for the price, I should get my sides. I was then told it was a typo and that that entree doesn't come with sides and that the size of it would make it obvious that it doesn't need sides. The server did say he'd honor the menu and bring sides at no additional cost. I'm glad they did because the serving of gnocchi was not that big. On top of that, we got a wrong side with my wife's meal, which they corrected. My daughter ordered a lemonade that she never hit that I had to ask to remove from our bill. The server never asked if we wanted another drink, and didn't think it was strange enough that we had full plates left to take away. He didn't offer boxes either or ask about desserts. I had the impression they just wanted us to eat and get going. It's a Thursday night and not terribly busy. Very disappointed. I will likely never return to Buck & Honey's because there are better options that are far less expensive.We were very disappointed.  My salmon was marginal, very small portion for price and fries were Luke warm and soggy.  My hubby's fish was mushy and not hot.  Overpriced, tables too close together in the far room.  The beer choices were good and my salad was cold and crisp.  We will not be going back.We were waiting to be seated and decided to grab a drink from the bar. We stood there for 15+ min without being acknowledged at all.. Once he finally looked at us - the bartender, Charlie, was abrupt and rude. Maybe it was an off night for him but he displayed ZERO customer service skills. And frankly, made us and others feel unwelcome at his bar. Our table took over 40 minutes to be ready, and the bar should be able to accommodate those waiting. I worked in the restaurant industry for more than 10 years and being busy is one thing, being rude is another.. Do not come here at dinner time on a Friday night.We went here with friends who live in Sun Prairie about a month ago and I have been meaning to write this review but keep putting it off. The experience though was so poor I have not forgotten it.Our waitress had a very heavy accent and was difficult to communicate with making ordering somewhat frustrating. She did not explain any menu items to us, such as what came with things we ordered or how they were prepared and the menu was pretty vague as well. When we did try to ask about menu items she had no knowledge of how something was prepared and we had to suggest to her to find out. 1 person in our group has some dietary restrictions. We explained that. She treated the info as if she didn't care. That either she did not understand or maybe it wasn't her problem. Maybe she thinks that if you can't just eat anything you shouldn't expect to be able to dine out. The food was just ok. 2 people ordered meatloaf and both liked this dish enough but said it was a little bland.We had 2 kids with our group. A kids meal came with a burger and the side of Mac and Cheese it came with was in a small ramekin the same size that was given for a side of bar-b-que sauce for the other kids meal of chicken nuggets, seriously!?The person with dietary restrictions was able to order Tilapia but could not have the sides that were available and the 2 that could have been had were not available and sold out of. No offer to reduce the price of this meal was made and this person in our group paid full price for a meal that they didn't receive half of the menu description of. If a place cannot provide what they offer because they run out it should not be the guests fault and should not have been made to pay full price. This fish was salty and oily.The second dish with fish that was ordered was ok but the fish is greasy like they used too much oil to cook it and was runny on the plate.The bill came and 1 kids meal was charged at $1 higher than the other. When asking about this the waitress didn't have an answer just said that it was. We also were charged for the kids drinks which could have been included if the waitress would have explained what actually was included when we all ordered. We went to a manager to get an explanation of the $1 extra charge and he refunded the $1 to us. Yes it is just $1 but why? Still no explanation and nothing on their menu shows a difference between the 2 kids meals that were ordered from the same price section.All around not a good experience, for a place with such good reviews and talk about a real chef I expected better than something I could have gotten at a chain like Denny's or something. I expected better treatment and better staff. I did not expect to be ripped off.What happened to this place? Used to have good stuff. Just came back spent $200 will never do it again. I always knowing going here I will dish out some cash but never had I left so disappointed before. Will not be going back. What a difference a year makes.My wife and I had time to kill before boarding our flight.  We wanted to get a drink and watch a particular basketball game.  Neither the bartender on duty, nor the 2 servers "could" (or would) change the channel for us.  They were completely indifferent to our request.  Their claim that they needed "another bartender" to find the game/change the channel is mind-boggling, given the fact that they're all working in a sports bar!  We simply left.I was a hour or so early for my flight back to Sacramento so I took the only open seat at the bar, which was directly in front of the beer taps, on the far end of the bar, not an ideal spot, as there was little no space to read a magazine or eat.  A new spot opened up so I grabbed what I could to move and Dean got flat out irritated that he had to move my drink (expensive drink) two feet.   I then had to wait 10 minutes for my water, as he leaned against the bar with his had on his hip, then waited another 15 for second drink, which is a short pour from a beveled shot glass, to the line, not the top as it was supposed to be.  I could have managed and been OK if it had not been for his piss poor, I don't give a crap, I hate my job attitude - so I left.  I had the opportunity to run into a management member and spoke briefly with her and she shared that I was not the only one to bring up his poor attitude.  I won't go back on my next trip through Vegas if he is at the bar.Terrible.  I stop by here expecting at a minimum some standard sports bar fare like burgers and fries.  I was disappointed to find that everything is pre made, wrapped in plastic and very cold.  You're better off going to the food cart in the terminal.If you need a drink so bad that you will stop here, then you are an alcoholic. The bartender was a beat up, washed out, utterly obese Elvis impersonator. He was the perfect metaphor for vegas or Fox. Your choice.Skip this place and wait for your plane.skip unless you like pre-packaged food and rude bartendersTHIS "SPORTS BAR" HAS NO KITCHEN!!!  That's right...a "sports bar" without hot food.  Simply unbelievable.  Needless to say, my husband and I promptly left and went to Chili's to watch the Heat-Celtics game while we waited through a long flight delay.HELL NO!!!!

We did get there a bit late around 9:00 p.m.

Myself: She didn't do it .

4) the layout was horrible.

the smell was off

Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino

She expected me to want to shell out over 6000.00 just for floor to ceiling draping to make the room, as she put it, more "stylish" ....in addition to all the linens, flowers, etc., that I wanted. (Never mind that I thought that since the room would have been a lot more elegant as promised over and OVER by the Plaza, why would draping even be necessary? It is, after all, an OPTION!)

How the hell do you serve Crap like this?Placing tables on the carpet to tile threshold, just to place more tables. Who hired the Manager that made this decision. Probably related to the Executive Chef that is letting this type of food to be served!Frank and Lorenzo Ferttita are really putting their names on this?Only two cashiers today, even though it was Memorial Day and the line was long. Had to ask the server (José) three times for extra napkins. Had to ask the same server for a refill on sodas another three times even though my friend and I had empty glasses for a while. Times have definitely changed, because when I was growing up, the server refilled your glasses as soon as they were half empty. Food was okay, but my friend (who was celebrating her birthday as well as Military Appreciation Day) didn't see why they raised the price of the buffet. One star but only because I can't give zero...The food is very inconsistent when it comes to quality. The  orange chicken, fried rice, and cheesecake was pretty good. The lemonade is super sugary, overall, everything ive eaten has resulted in a stomachache.  The service was great, very friendly,  but untill the quality is better I will not be coming back.The food has gone downhill.

There was yet another sign outside the dining room which said something about Complementary Breakfast and the strange phrase "Gratuity Included." But inside the dining room there were at least two clearly-marked 'Tip Jars.' Now, I've been at some pretty trashy hotels in my travels, but I've never seen a tip jar in the dining room. I've also never been in a hotel dining room where it looked like a bomb had gone off, but there were drop cloths, power tools and all sorts of debris everywhere.

Bottom line, these people are not real business men, because they should know that you don't argue with a "paying customer." Obviously their egos are more important than their customers. But what can you expect from a mediocre, gym manager? You're NOT that important.My wife and I have been going to this gym for the past year. The reason we signed up for membership was due to Denise Casciola's excellent customer service skills as well as her dedication to personal training for her clients. Denise is very attentive in her approach to the clients she trains as she always listens to their needs and formulates a workout plan conducive to the wants and body abilities of each individual she trains.My wife has been very pleased with her workout and continually compliments Denise on her professional yet personal approach to training. Unfortunately, this is being taken away from my wife by David Judd, owner of this franchise and his new manager. They have seen fit to terminate the independent contract Denise had with this gym with no prior notice to either Denise or any of her clients. When I called to set up an appointment with David he first agreed and then cancelled with no thought of resetting a time to meet. I have spoken to his new manager who has very little customer service skills and no knowledge of their contract language. However, she is very quick to let you know you can resign your membership  but you will be billed for an extra 30 days and if you refuse to pay she will send it to collections. This location manipulates the contract in any way it pleases them whether legal or not. This entire incident has been handled very unprofessionally by both David and his new manager. Instead of meeting face to face with all the clients affected by the rather quick dismissal of Denise they have chosen to take the easy way out and leave the clients wondering what to do next. The unfortunate part is neither the owner nor his new manager have the desire to be honest and straight forward with people. Their lack of customer service skills has caused grief and frustration for 53 people and neither of them seem to care. All they want is your money!I would definitely think long and hard before signing up at this location.This gym has the worst management I've ever seen. They've gone through 3 managers since I've been there in two years. This last lady is by far the worst and has no customer service skills what so ever. The owner seems pretty clueless on how to run a gym, I'm assuming this is why such a high turn over in management. At the beginning charging for broken tanning beds, then charging for new ones that don't turn on. Too many trainers, you can't ever get to the equipment or return to a machine you were using.  The management jumps all over you the second you walk in the door if you didn't swipe a key fob for all family members that entered. VERY unprofessional and I won't be treated in such a manor.  My daughter and I are now at Anthem UFC gym I highly recommend them!  With all the cross fit gyms, UFC, etc. don't put your money in this little gym join somewhere else.Ideally I'd like to give 0 stars. I spoke to Giselle today and she was extremely rude and unhelpful. She ended the conversation by hanging up on me. But before  that she would not give the name of the owner or allow me to speak to him. She also called me a liar and claimed my story wasn't consistent. All I want to do is cancel my membership. I guess this is how they treat loyal customers who no longer need a membership.Very poor customer service, and unorganized office staff. The personal trainer provides to me was not helpful, unprofessional, unorganized and gave no value to me whatsoever. When I canceled my membership they refused to refund me for the five personal trainer sessions I did not use. I spoke to three different office staff members who all told me conflicting information each time. They had no records of my "contract" and seemed very confused about their own process. I Wouldn't recommend this gym to anyone.Horrible. Went here with a guest pass because I just moved to Las Vegas and am looking for a gym to call my home gym. I got here at 9 AM and I was locked out. I realized everyone else was entering with a key that they scanned, and noticed that staff would arrive at 10 AM. So I got an extra breakfast and came back at 9:50 AM. (Even though I could have just walked in after someone and worked out for free as a nonmember wtf is that? U call that safety?) I rang the doorbell, tried the door, called their number, and waited outside from 9:50 AM until 10:30 AM with not one person answering or acknowledging me. I'm still here literally standing outside their door writing this review. How do you expect people to sign up for your gym?!?!?!  I just wasted 1.5 hours trying to check out your gym, clearly I'm interested, as I was very patient and even came back during proper staffed hours. I keep calling. No one answers. And I keep ringing the bell. You didn't even give me a chance, why should I give you one? You lost a potential member. I think I'll join lifetime fitnessI can't understand the good reviews this place has gotten.  This was our second trip- the first was just after they opened and we didn't love it but figured since it has been open for awhile the kinks would be worked out.  8 of us went for a birthday celebration the other night, so between us we tried most everything.  Throughout our meal there were major problems with execution.BYOB is nice, the white bean dip is ok but bland.  The various breads were generally good.  Everything was downhill from that point.  Apps: we had artichoke dip, stuffed zuchinni, and the gouda.  The gouda was fine, it was only room temp to slightly warmed but it's cheese and can't help but be tasty.  The zuchinni was notable only for not being bad.  The artichoke dip (2 orders, both this way) was just awful- it was more of an artichoke soup.  Chunks of oversalted artichokes floating (seriously- they were bobbing around like apples) in a thin, milky lukewarm broth with giant chunks of soggy unmelted cheese.  The center was cold- refrigerator cold.  We pointed this out to the manager, who didn't apologize or seem to note anything wrong, but offered to heat one up for us.  30 seconds in the microwave later it was steamy but the ingredients still weren't combined and it was still more soup than dip.  I think what is most bothersome isn't that there was clearly a prep error but that even after it was sent back, there was no quality control in the kitchen.A mushroom "bisque" which appeared to contain no cream was watery, salty, and uninspired.Mains: our table tried the crab cakes, pumpkini ravioli, pork, London broil, and catfish.  Nothing stood out, and the pork was very dry and bland with an unappetizing combination of mushy sweet potato cubes and some unidentifiable grits-like topping.  Dessert: Creme brulee, which semed to go over well.  We also had the red velvet cheesecake, which was bad enough that 8 people sharing didn't finish even half of it.  It took awhile to put our finger on the problem, but as one astute companion pointed out it was salty.  Combined with a strangely dense and chewy texture, the overall effect was of a lurid pink playdoh served on topsoil.  I like for places to do well, and I try to give them a fair chance.  If the food had just been not to our liking or even just plain bad, I probably would have chalked it up to a bad night and not written a negative review.  What bothered me and prompted this entry was that we so clearly weren't happy with our meal and there was never a point where any staff recognized the problem, asked if anything was wrong (when 8 people eat and not a single person finishes a single dish and something is sent back, there is likely a problem), or offered to remove the completely uneaten artichoke dip-soups from our bill.  That tells me that there are either no standards or that no one cares.

I was called to pick up my ring.

NASTY, Stinky & has lots of shit on the floor, literally.Oh boy, I was happy to get back home!If you are into white trash, red necks, old women who can't walk since their so fat that they cant carry themselves anymore, if you want your food to taste like a processed ashtray, then by all means, go for it. I would go just so I could watch this circus!Bottom line, the place is a geriatric department! And, You get what you pay for!Yalla Bahhh! Yak.Terrible's is exactly as its name suggests, as a downtrodden hotel chain in the bottom of the Las Vegas resort barrel.  The name isn't some oxymoron gimmick to get visitors, but named after the Terrible Herst corporation, which operates gas stations in Nevada, Arizona, and California.  It truly is a stroke of irony to know that Terrible's is named after someone's gas station company and is among the most terrible in the city.The casino is very slot heavy here, with only a handful of blackjack tables, and 1 Roulette / Craps / 3 Car Poker table.  The heavy emphasis on slots (not a surprise given that Herbst Gaming is one of the largest slot operators in the state) makes this an ideal location for chain smoking senior citizens, boozing and sleeping on their chairs.  Casino staff is nice, though there seemed to be more cocktail waitresses than personnel.  At some point, it gets downright depressing to be here for longer than a few hours.Because the casino property itself is smaller, there are no fancy restaurants or any signs of nightlife here.  They've got one little cafe / diner (Bougainvillea) and a cheap buffet that I don't think I could eat at again even with a gun pointed to my head.The suites are small and the standard rooms are even smaller.  My non-smoking room was certainly a converted smoking room as the odor was completely stained into the carpet.  The claustrophobic feeling, coupled by the noise of people creeking up and down the hallway (thin walls) made for a very unpleasant stay.That's not to say that this place isn't deserving of any stars.  I'm giving it 1 and that generous 1 is due to the cheapo prices this place boasts.  Getting comp'd is not a hard thing to accomplish here, but we nearly paid more in our meals than we did for the actual room rate.  If the wallet is nearly empty, this is one of the places to be.  Otherwise, stay far away ... or go downtown.This place was pretty....well, Terrible. :/

I work 1 mile from here and was always curious. I have never been inside, always had a co-worker go get it. Outside looks run down, not the type of Thai food restaurant you would in that part of Phoenix.I cannot recall what I had my 1st time there, only remembering running to McDonald's  after trying it.

Vitamins $350

This place is awful, even if they cut the prices by 70% to bring it in to line with what they microwave for their clientele.

Called Customer No Service and they just repeated they have a right to bill what ever they want because of County Ordinances.So I'm thinking I have to pay this and fight the charges in small claims?

If you are a female and come to this dealership, make sure to bring a man with you. The GM at this dealership think women are stupid and will try to rip you off. Unfortunately, he couldn't rip me off. He must be disappointed that I was smart enough to just get up and leave. He tried to mislead me with the selling price vs. Total Out The Door price. He would gave me $2250 for my 2008 Honda Civic LX. You read it right $2250. What a rip off! Glad I was not in rush buying a car. My civic runs fine. There are no mechanical problems with it. I would not recommend this dealership, and I definitely won't come back!!!If you're thinking of doing business at this dealership, beware! Do your research! Know what your trade-in is worth before you talk to them, they will low ball you by thousands! Also, know the selling price of the vehicle you want before you talk to these guys, they will over charge you by thousands. I was interested in buying a new SUV and trading in my car. Unbeknownst to them I had done my research, but played ignorant. I wanted to see if they would treat me fairly-they failed the test.  After being insulted and walking out on them, another dealer offered $1900 more for my trade and $2300 less on the purchase price; I saved $4,200 by going to another dealer. The guy at Findlay actually tried to convince me that the tax I wasn't paying by trading in my car should be considered part of the great bargain they were offering. What am I stupid?!  I don't mind them making a good deal for themselves, but they should treat the public fairly and don't insult us with these ridiculous offers. I'm posting this to inform other, and will be spreading the word to my friends; stay away from this dealership!I am deeply unhappy with Findlay Honda, I bought a new Honda Civic from them 2 months ago, and the tire blew out, probably a defective tire, it was blown in the sidewall, I took it to the service department and they didn't want to help me out by replacing the tire for free. Also they didn't even want to give me a good price on a replacement tire. I bought 1200 dollars worth of accessory add-ons from them last month, and this is the way they treat me. I won't be buying a vehicle from Findlay again. I will get my car servicd from Honda West from now on. Findlay has lost my business forever.I bought 2 cars from this dealership last year, a 2014 Accord  and a certified pre-owned 2011 Accord.  I had my 2014 in for regular scheduled service, oil change, tire rotation etc. and I noticed my wheel locks were missing the next day.  I called them and went back to the service department and they all but called me a liar because "it wasn't in the computer" that my car came with locking lugs.  I know that I had wheel locks on the car because I had a nail in my tire a month before and I was going to put the spare on and there was a package of wheel locks with my spare.  I also checked it over with my salesman Gary (greatest salesman EVER!) when I bought the car. The point is, they were there, and now they're not  and my car was returned to me with regular lugnuts after my service.  Since I was basically called a liar and told 'you didn't have them because it is not in the computer from when you bought the car" I will not return and have my service done there anymore, I will go to Honda West from now on.  I can buy another set of locking lugs for my car, but I shouldn't have to.  The service department shouldn't treat me like I'm just trying to get something for free, they shouldn't act like I'm some crazy lady.  I know what I had in my trunk.  I'm very disappointed in the way I was treated there in service.I do want to add, this one star rating only goes for service department.  My salesman, Gary Mamiya gets 5 stars, he was awesome and we were able to walk out of the dealership with 2 cars, no financing needed.Typical bottom feeding sales people.  My husband was interested in a truck they listed on their website.  My husband went in to discuss trading in his truck.  They offered him $3000.  What?  Granted it's a 2006 Ford F-150, but it's been garaged and maintained regularly with records.  The salesman was slightly more than rude when my husband laughed at the ridiculous offer.  Truly hate purchasing a car/truck.  Hate most, the buying experience.My husband and I went into the showroom, on a Thursday afternoon. We went to look at the new Pilot Elite.  They only had the touring available, so we looked at that for a bit trying to figure out what the differences were until someone approached us so we could ask questions. Well no one approached us and we were there for about 20 minutes. We finally went to the information desk and the lady there paged someone in sales. We were then greeted by a young lady who informed us that they did not have the elite because Honda is making them in limited quantities, but that we could put a deposit down to save one if they come in. So we ask about the differences...horse power, amenities, options available for the touring...she knew nothing. Then after about 10 minutes another guy shows up and takes us to where the brochures are so we can compare the vehicles that way. We asked about pricing, he left to go get the info. He informed us that the young lady who helped us initially just answers the phones so she "doesn't know much". He apparently didn't know much either.  So we ask to test drive to touring to get a feel of the drive...they were too busy. Told us to come back in a few hours and he could help us because they were short. There were other sales people around, and it was not that busy.Never have I ever had such a bad experience with a dealer.  I was not impressed whatsoever.  I know that Honda is not missing our business and that this review won't matter to many. I don't feel that we war being unreasonable with our request, questions or objection to pay a deposit on a vehicle we have not even seen or been able to drive.  It's not like a t-shirt, we're taking about a vehicle that will transport our most precious cargo.  Needless to say we will not be returning.Careful with these guys.  They sold me a used 2013 Ford Fiesta. I was assured it was checked out and had no known issues .  One day after purchase it's in the shop for a week  getting the transmission repaired.I discovered after some more research there is a known issue with this model year vehicles transmission.  The problem presents itself when the transmission gets hot...so I did not experience the issue on the test drive.  If I had known the transmission was slipping, losing power, and making scraping sounds I would not have bought the vehicle.I had a terrible service experience at Findlay Honda.  I have attempted to contact both the service manager and the GM of the dealership.  Neither individual will respond to me.  I submitted a formal complaint with Honda Corporate, but have been told nothing will be done by them as the dealership is an independent entity.Below is the summary of my experience that both managers have chosen to ignore.I picked up my 2011 Civic from your shop today after having some work performed, and I wanted to share some concerns with you.  For your reference, I was working with Deborah Shomsky on invoice #*******, and my VIN is ***********.  I brought the vehicle in for an oil change, rotation, and brake fluid flush on Monday.  While waiting for the service to be completed, Deborah told me that the bleeder screw on the left front caliper had snapped off, likely due to road salt (the car was previously used in Virginia).  She advised me the caliper needed to be replaced, and let me know there would be no charge.  I was set up in a loaner vehicle and told the part should be there Tuesday morning.  On Tuesday afternoon, I had yet to hear anything about my vehicle, so I called the service department and was told the part had not yet arrived, but it should be arriving Wednesday morning.  On Wednesday morning at 8AM, Deborah called me and asked if I intended to come pick up my vehicle that morning.  I told her about my call with the service department the night before, and she said somebody must have been confused because the car was indeed ready.  This confusion was a major inconvenience for me because I have to shift things around in my work schedule.  I moved some things around, however, and then came in to pick up my vehicle.  While waiting in line at the cashier to pay for the service, Deborah told me what had been done to the vehicle (oil change, transmission flush, rotation, etc.), but did not mention anything about the brake fluid flush.  I asked her if that had been done, and she casually said no, it had not.  I asked her why, and she said that they were afraid to touch the other bleeder screws for fear of them breaking as well.  She said caliper replacement is extremely expensive, and the service department was refusing to do the work.  I asked her what I should do then, since the fluid definitely needs to be flushed.  She shrugged and said she didn't have any suggestions, but they definitely were not going to do the service.  While I understand the business case here, this is atrocious customer service.  Not that I would have done it, but I should have been given the option to accept financial responsibility for subsequent broken bleeder screws at the very least.  That's basic customer service common sense.  I should have been called and advised of the service refusal before coming to pick up the vehicle instead of having to specifically drag the information out of Deborah in the cashier line.  Additionally, I'm now between a rock and a hard place.  If I take the vehicle to another Honda dealer, I have to dishonestly hide the knowledge that the bleeder screws could potentially break (not to mention try to explain why I have one brand new caliper).  I would like to ask you to please make this situation right.  Please direct your service members to perform the brake flush and accept responsibility if additional bleeder screws are broken.Wow, what a let-down.  Their service department listed the wrong mileage on their service form last month after an oil change.  Today they warned me that they might not be able to diagnose whatever problem the car I purchased there might have... Don't worry, Vincent - I will never buy a car there again.Horrible sales experience with Findlay honda / Neil Goalstone. He gave me a quote for Pilot EX-L with sensing after several discussions i had with him. Neil also emailed me the quote which we aligned on and applied for my bank loan. I also gave him my card details to secure the deposit and car pickup in a week. While i was waiting for the car suddenly one day he bumped the price of the car by $3000 giving me some lame excuse like system error blah..blah. Bait & Switch retailer stay away guys.This has to do with the service department. Just to note I have been going there for about 5-6 years and have not had an issue until just recently. Now I will never go back. They claim that the battery that was given to me was never purchased and therefore does not carry the warranty. This was suppose to be covered until the original mfg warranty and said that it should have never been replaced in the first place and once I purchase a new one it will carry the warranty. I tried to explain to them that I was never told that and I also asked when they did replace the battery will it carry the warranty and was told yes. Then in not so many words I was called a liar by saying they don't know if I was told that. So I took myself over to Costco and bought a battery that I know is under warranty. This place has lost a loyal customer and I plan on spreading the word.Took my '03 Accord in because the wipers weren't working. $600 for the repair. About the only above and beyond thing they offered was a shuttle service ride to and from my house. And washed the car. They didn't do the courtesy inspection like they said they would. Or if they did they never told me the results. They didn't even offer or recommend I change out my wiper blades, when half the rubber of the wiper blade dangles from the blade you think they'd at least recommend I get it taken care of. I guess I just had higher expectations from a Honda dealer. In short they fixed my car and I paid dealer prices for it. Maybe they did a good job but I just didn't feel the love as the expression goes.PLEASE READ AND TELL ME WHO IS AT FAULT:

I found and choose to go here because of all the great reviews and i was looking forward to posting a great review... Well you all are tripping!!!! That's the nicest way I can put it...Got there and told the man it was my first time @ Alamo, he then try to up sell me and tell me that my car had rust on it and it needed and really recommend a hand wax witch was $20 more. First of all it's a brand  new SRT8 300! Rust? I don't think so, my car just needed some TLC. Anyways ended up just getting the $22 (something like that), told him that I wanted to use there deal that they offered on Yelp $20 check in and pay only $15, $5 off he then told me that I could not use it for that car wash that I had to do a downgrade if I wanted to use the deal they offer on Yelp. I told him that people post saying they get the $30 and check in and get $5 off so why can I use it? Then he smacked his lips and let me use the yelp deal... (I should have just left right there)

Seedy feel?  Check.Owner clearly milking this place for every dime. The only partially redeeming quality?  Front desk associate was friendly and courteous.Thankfully, I don't plan on missing a lot of flights at CLT...I booked this hotel on price line it was rated a 2 star I don't know how? The pictures looked good so I gave it a shot what a nightmare! I booked a nonsmoking king size bed and. And when I got there they said they didn't have any.  So it was late I missed my flight I was tired I noticed the security monitor on the front desk with and cameras ever where. It made me feel it was unsafe. The Indian guy at the counter was nice. So I took the elevator that was very old and missing buttons to the second floor and the second floor was scary no lights only a couple very dim. They had old furniture from other rooms in the hallway! So I finally get to my room and same thing only 2 small lights very dim the ceiling was chipping away carpet has tons of stains and the pillows were a joke. I couldn't sleep because the bugs in the bed were itching me. I checked in at midnight checked out at 6 am went to the airport hours early. I don't get why the Indian hotel owners are so cheap and dirty. The room cost me $70.00 was not worth $20 this place should be a motel. I will never ever stay at a bay mont inn again. Oh I almost forgot the shower smelled like bo (body odor)I wish I could give a zero. The airline gave my family a voucher to stay here. I wish they hadn't. I would have rather slept on the airport's floor. The hotel reeks of smoke which is conducive to the fact my sheets had cigarette burns in them. Speaking of the bed, sheets are all they have. No blankets. The comforter usually folded at the end of the bed was in fact a table runner. And the heater didn't work! The front desk insisted we wait outside in the snow for the shuttle which was an hour late. They said we would miss it if not. Upon arrival, they gave us keys to an occupied room and we scared the day lights out of the poor girl inside. Just don't.If I could give it ZERO stars I would. DO NOT STAY HERE UNLESS THERE IS NO OTHER OPTION. Rooms are filthy and the managers make you feel slightly uncomfortable. We saw the room and left. Kind of the scene for a thriller movie.Called ahead off the North Carolina Travel coupons 1-4 people $55 night . Manager on midnight duty on the night of 3/10/14 said come in and we will work it out when we questioned the type of beds . Once there he was incompetent enough to say he had to call his manager to verify the price in the add I had handed him . I was floored when he said it was for a single room and if we wanted 2 beds it would be $79 . When I questioned the add and the common sense when it stated 1-4 people , he unbelievably said it was one bed and I said it didn't make sense 1 bed 4 people . " you can fit 4 people in a king bed " is what he said. At first wasn't sure if he was serious or joking .Very unprofessional and it was obvious it was a shake down . As I waited I notice how dirty and run down the lobby looked . It  looked more like a hooker/ drug motel . As I walked out upset I realize how a blessing it was not to stay in that place with my kids .They need to have a no star option ....Stay away don't waste your breath or time with this place.I really don't understand why people would expect some grandiose experience from a place like this. No false advertising on their part! The place is gross. No doubt. I'm talking stains: Chocolate syrup? Blood? Food? Definitely. Mystery stains? Definitely. You'll find some burn holes on your "non-smoking room" blankets, not that you'll be touching those anyway. Seriously, don't. I slept on top of everything in full garb. Still didn't feel safe. Don't touch the floor either. Nonetheless, you totally get what you pay for at this place. As for the guy at the front office, he had a very pleasant disposition. He boasted at length about the shuttle service they offered, which is completely free. Derrick, the gentleman who does a kick ass job with the shuttle, is rarely informed about people who have scheduled a ride through the hotel, until roughly 30 minutes to an hour before. (He runs at every quarter past the hour.)  Mind you, he totally bucks up and does it, but come on amicable dude at the hotel, give this poor guy more than a 9 minute (!!!) heads up at 5am. So, to conclude my lengthy ramble, hotel is repulsive. Shuttle is fantastic. Tip that guy.The best part about this hotel is that I get to rate it one star, which helps even out my Yelp profile as I had way too many four and five star reviews and was starting to look like a nice person.

She didn't bat an eyelash.

1. They sat us by the fountain, which you would think would be cool. However, it was like sitting it was sprinkling the entire time. Our food got wet. We got wet. And it's loud, so you have to talk very loud. 2. Our waiter was horrible. I know it was the end of his shift, and he was probably tired, but he didn't refill our drinks once and let our food sit until it was cold to bring it to us. He also introduced himself and started talking to us during their "thunderstorm", so we didn't hear a word he said.3. It took over 30 minutes to get our food. I'm not sure where the fault lays here, but there were maybe 10 people total in the restaurant while we were there. And some already had food or were leaving. It wasn't busy. Not sure why a burger and a wrap took over 30 minutes to get to our table. 4. The food was bad. As I already state, it was cold. It did, however, come out on a very hot plate. I got a burger, which was cold and had a very hard bun. Hard like I could hardly bite through it. The fries were cold and not very good. My husband got coleslaw with his meal, which came out warm. Weird, since that was actually supposed to be cold! Nothing had flavor, even the guacamole. It all tasted like cardboard.5. The price. I paid as much for my burger as I did at Gordon Ramsay's burGR. They don't even compare. If I'm going to spend that much on a burger, it should be good, or at least warm. We ended up spending $50 on two meals with no drinks (we had water). Horrifying.Overall, there are far better places to spend your money on food in Vegas. Go ANYWHERE else.Food was horrible. If it wasn't for my son this place would have never even been visited very disappointed. You pay for an elephant to move every half hr for like 30 seconds. Definitely was a one in done kind of place.This place was a bad decision we made on the night we got here. My wife and I had been flying all day and were hungry and this was all that was open, we were seated next to a fountain that made us wet the entire time. Our waiter was garbage and took over an hour from the time we sat down until we had food.Only about 10 people were there so it wasn't busy. Should have taken it as a sign. Anyway we finally got our food and it had been sitting under heat lamps for a while as everything was dry and cold. Thanks to our garbage waiter our experience was atrocious. I understand this place is aimed at children, but if you are charging the same price as a five star restaurant you're shit better be in a row. Don't eat here go anywhere else.Seriously the worst food experience with in Las Vegas.  Place is phenomenal for

Walk in and the smell of bacon greets you.  Really nothing on the menu is suitable for vegetarians.  I ordered the home fries, which were described on the menu as grilled potatoes, and lo and behold they turned out to be potatoes covered in pieces of bacon.   I told the staff I was a vegetarian, the cook politely offered to make me a new batch of potatoes, but everything is cooked on the same grill.   Ergo, the next batch of potatoes were infused with bacon grease and residual bacon bits.   They didn't offer an apology, or like any decent restaurant, comp the bacony potatoes, or apply a discount or coupon for future visit.  Nothing.  We were charged the full bill as if our meal was satisfactory.  Our return business was not important to them.I also ordered a cinnamon roll and what I received was a cinnamon muffin.   There is a difference.  A cinnamon roll is a soft chewy rolled up magically delicious thing covered in lovely gooey icing that leaves your fingers sticky.  A cinnamon muffin is a dry, crispy, cinnamon flavored MUFFIN.   I thought perhaps they made a mistake so I mentioned that it was a cinnamon roll I had ordered and they said "yes, we make it a cinnamon muffin".  So why not put "cinnamon muffin" on the menu so I know what I'm getting into?   False advertising.   This was the worst breakfast I have ever had in my life.  Prior to this, the worst breakfast I'd ever had was in a dingy hostel in the worst part of Rome, in which the breakfast was fake juice and a crust of bread.   Well done, PapaGallo.Also the obsession with rooster decor was a little creepy.Not a good experience. Service was slow and not attentive.  Food finally came out, which was incomplete. I ordered the beet and avocado salad which was one beet sliced, the avocado was missing. Told waitress who brought it back with 4 slices of avocado that were completely brown and soft not edible. $12.50 for a small crapy salad. This place is over priced and food is sub par!Too expensive, very slow service, and only average food.  $16 for breakfast is just too much.  The home fries were very plain. Only about 5 or 6 customers but had to wait 40 minutes for food.  I will say that the "popeye" omelet was good, but it's not worth they wait or price.This was my fourth time going here and most definitely my last. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with just egg and bacon on it. My mother ordered a side of home fries and sausage. The fact that they only had four tables with customers including us, one would think they'd get their food within 15 minutes... Not this place. A regular came in with his two children at least 20 minutes after us and they were greeted so warmly. As we were there a half hour waiting for our food the older waitress brought the regular and his kids their food. Our waitress then comes over a few minutes after I witnessed that and asks "Oh, did you say you wanted bacon on your sandwich?" then answered herself "Yeah, you did." before I could say yes and she went back into the kitchen. My mother and I decided we were leaving. I told the waitress "We've been here 45 minutes and the guy you know over there got his food almost as soon as he walked in. We're leaving." She said she understood and the chef manning the kitchen was new. It was weird she said that when we were there a month and a half before and he was working with the owner. So we left and went down the street to Shouf's Cafe. Let me say if you want friendly and fast service go there. They were busy, but we were seated right away and had our food within 15 minutes of ordering. Papa Gallo is a complete disaster.Absolutely awful service. Apocalyptically slow service and laughably small portions. Avoid at all costs go to moes or StarbucksDisappointed by the service and food.  I wanted to try this place out after seeing a coupon in the mail.  Arrived to a completely empty restaraunt.  Not a suprise!  The service was horribly slow and food was so greasy.  Ordered a cup of coffee that was extremely watery.  As a group of 2, it took more than 40 minutes to get our food.  I got super greasy eggs and a rubbery pancake and it cost me more than $10!  The portions were pitifully small too. Dad got chorizo and eggs and was underwhelmed as well.  The entire time, the kitchen staff was talking about us and laughing.  Overall a bad expire ce and won't visit again. Overpriced and low quality.  Much better off going to a local Carnegie diner where there is good food, much better service, and portions are better for a much better price.  I'm not too suprised that this place was empty after my expirence.What a shame, it was a beautiful morning.  Until we decided to eat here.  Service was SLOW... really SLOW.  Our coffee was Luke warm at best, and after refills it was still NOT HOT.  We waited almost 1 hour for our breakfast.  There was the wrong cheese on my friends breakfast sandwich.  I had asked for "fresh" egg whites (not the substitute kind) and was told she'd ask... never heard anything more.. breakfast came and I did got egg whites, so I assumed all was good.  UNTIL I received my bill... I was being charge an EXTRA $4 for my egg whites!!!  I went to pay my bill and asked the waitress why she didn't inform me of the extra charge (it is not listed on the menu) and she went to get the cook- who came out very defensive and ARROGANT... I told him I didn't think it was fair for me to pay extra since it was not listed on menu.  He argued with me telling me I would go to JAIL if I did not pay!!!  Are you serious????I will never return here, and I urge fellow breakfast connoisseurs to go elsewhere for a more reasonable priced breakfast where they actually CARE about their customers!Walked in, sat down at counter, was totally ignored for ten minutes.  Another person walked in, was greeted like a long lost family member and served within one minute as I was sitting there waiting.  Place is dirty and service is abysmal.  NEVER AGAIN...lost me foreverIch hatte mir hier vor einiger Zeit mal ein paar Uhren angesehen, bin dann einige Zeit später über Nachmittags wieder hin um die Batterie meiner Armbanduhr wechseln zu lassen. Erst hieß es das die Uhr eingeschickt werden müsste (hä?) und dann sollte ich eine halbe Stunde warten, es würde umgehend erledigt. Ich hatte nicht viel Zeit, aber eine halbe Stunde war drin, der Batteriewechsel sollte 12,90EUR kosten, also ok... nach 30min komme ich wieder, ich sollte dann nochmal so lange warten. Geht gar nicht, schliesslich muss ich was arbeiten, also Uhr wieder mitgenommen. Was ist das für ein Kundenservice ???? Habe mir dann beim Pollin für 4,99EUR Uhrmacherwerkzeug bestellt, Batterie 2EUR, hat keine 2 Minuten gedauert da lief die Uhr wieder. Und ich bin sicherlich kein Uhrmacher. Fazit: So vergrault man Kunden. Ich werde hier bestimmt NICHTS kaufen.1 star at best, but it really only deserves 1/2. I used a groupon to try this place out since I wasn't sure it would be good and I am glad I did because it wasn't worth my money. I had a meatball hero and my hubby had the Classic Italian sub. The meatball was cold, soggy, the meatballs looked undercooked and overall flavorless. Nothing special. The meatball sub at Firehouse is WAY better. It's great that they have Boar's Head meat, but they missing pizazz to make them stick out from all the other sub shops. I did not try their pizza so I don't know if its any good. The store is basically a convenience liquor store with a Boar's Head Deli that also makes pizza. A weird combo if you ask me. I felt like I was in a gas station. I won't be back.This place sucks. Way over priced on everything. Any wine or stiff drinks can be found at Albertsons  just up the street way cheaper. The sandwiches have nothing on  capriotti's a few miles away. At best House of Vino is a 7-11 with out the gas.I've gone 3 times now...and every time have been disappointed.  The sandwiches are tasty but very small and overpriced.  I actually overheard the guy who took the order tell the sandwich maker, "Just put 3 pieces of meat on the sandwiches."(I think because it was a Groupon).  The pizza...well let's just say I would have been better off getting Little Caesar's.  The crust tasted like cardboard and they barely had any toppings!  I don't ever see the need to go again!Very expensive liquor and a horrible wine selection. A bottle of good vodka or cognac is easily $10 or more per bottle.  Before ownership changed the wine selection was OK now it's comparable to 7-11. I hear the food is good however.  SmhI went to redeem my 10 for 20 only to find out that what I ordered was only 11.99 and I would lose the rest of my coupon. Tried to order a small sandwich on the menu but that is no longer an option. I was offered meat as a substitute because they refused to cut a whole roll in half for my 5 year old daughter so she could get a small. I feel totally jerked around and will not purchase another coupon or eat at this establish again. All they wanted was for me to buy more than I wanted or needed and pay additional money. Learned another valuable lesson.Essen unterer durchschnitt, Cocktails wirklich ganz schlecht (wird wohl an anständigen Zutaten gespart). Ich hoffe für das Lokal dass wir dort an dem Abend einen schlechten Tag erwischt haben !Greasy, cheesy, and not enough salsa. $6 for a taco "con todo" (with onions and a bit of cilantro). Physically filling. But unsatisfying in every other way.Went through the drive thru to order a double shrimp and oyster cocktail. Price on menu says "1100". Lady tells me my total is 15 and some change. I nicely question and she asks me to drive to the window. This is fine, as it was hard to hear her on the speaker as it was. I pull up and she informs me that it was incorrect on their menu. I asked why haven't they changed it... And of course she does not know. So she informs the owner/manager and he literally does that ah whatever hand gesture to shun me/it. I have no problem paying for cocktail from here, because I have had one before and they are amazing... I just despise rude costumer service.First time and last!  Too expensive for a taco $3.00They took forever to prepare our order even when the place was almost

5) The shuttle driver for the hotel lied to us and dropped off us nearly 3 miles from our destination ("oh it's just a half block past the new york new york"......... thanks a**hole).

Food arrived at 1:37pmFast delivery is written on the box as well, false advertising much?The pizza was disgusting I took two bites and threw it away the garlic balls were OK and the Hot wings were good. I will never order from this place again took 1 hour and 35 minutes for me to get my food and the food was just horribleWe have ordered from them every weekend we spend over 3p a week sometimes we end up spending more. They have even done catering to the company I worked for I have friend that have eaten at this place. Today we ordered pizza and we requested to add Oregano, which by the way Pizza come with Oregano I was told by this individual who I was placing my ordered with that I needed to pay $2.30 cents to have this done. Are you FUCKING kidding. Are you telling me that they are willing to loose a customer over 2.30 cents? THEY DID loose a customer OVER FUCKEN OREGANO.......DO NOT ADD OREGANO TO A MAIN INGREDIENT OF AN ITALIAN COUSINFirst of all let me say this the food is absolutely fantastic. But the customer service leaves a lot to be desired. My wife and I have had delivery once and eaten in the restaurant and all three times the service was terrible. Today was by far the worse as far as service and as far as paying the check. We found out when we got home that they had double charged us. When I called the Manager refused to batch out the credit cards till it was convenient for him.  I told him about the poor service and he asked why we came back and i told him we try and give a place a few chances and he was cocky about it and did not take the complaints serious.First let me say that the food is really good, BUT, service stinks !  Waitstaff is rushed and unfriendly, food took forever to get to our table after waiting 15 minutes for a waitress to take our order.  Then another 15 minutes for our drinks to arrive. Then another 20 minutes for food.  Then to top it off they double charged our bank card and don't really seem to care.  We called and they said we have to wait till they cash out the register at 5 PM for them to check it.  We gave them all our information and they hung up before we were able to give our phone number for them to call us back. This was our third and last time to eat there and we will never call for deliver again either.Food here is actually pretty good. Service, however, is literally the WORST. Waited 20+ minutes for sodas, almost an hour for any food to come out (& we got appetizers and entrees), everything came out at the same time, found hair in our salad, & was completely dismissed by the server and "management". I've never seen worse customer service before, not a single apology from anyone. At least PRETEND you care about customer experiences. It's really unfortunate because we are on this side of town all the time, but we will NEVER go back here.Worst service ever. 10 min to 3 i was told no more slices and they will not make another pie for slices. Lunch s9ecials run until 3.  Wow. Thisnis jot the first time.  I work right across the street. Will never gonhere again.  I guess they do not need customers.  Or at least hapoy ones.  They obviously do not care.  I suggest little ceasrs before coming here.Delivery service is horrible!! We order from here and the order took an 1.5hrs and all of the food was cold!  If you want hot food delivered on time, order somewhere elseI never do reviews but I have to on this. Food is ok. their customer service is horrible. Two times me and wife have bought over 80 bucks worth of food they lose the order. One manager gives you a credit then the next manager takes it away. Horrible unhappy people I warn you take your money else whereWaited an hour and a half for them to call me and tell me it was going to be another hour and a half and then they were completely disrespectful on the phone.The last time I had eaten at the Olive Garden was in January of 2011 at this same location.  I took a friend of mine from out of town as she had never eaten there as I was raving about their bottomless salads.  We both ordered a shrimp and pasta dish.  When they brought the food out and placed it in front of us, I could tell immediately that something was wrong.  The shrimp looked like it had been cooked some while before and then just mixed in with the pasta and sauce to cover.  Before I even took a taste, I knew that shrimp was going to taste rubbery!  And boy did it.  To top it off, I found nose hairs as I got 1/4 of a way through it on one of the noodles.  I signaled to the waitress who came over and looked at it also. She didn't even argue with me; those were definitely some dirty cooks nose hairs.  So she asked me if I wanted something else to which I replied, "No, I've lost my appetite." Next, the manager came over to apologize which I thought was a nice gesture.  Thinking it was just a fluke, I took a client this time over to this same Olive Garden last week which was almost a year to the date later.  I ordered the salad and an appetizer.  She ordered the spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread.  I couldn't believe it when she showed me what she had found mixed in with her spaghetti; yes, she was holding up a long string of spaghetti with a long brown head hair hanging from the fork.  That did it; I felt like throwing up on the spot triggering at that moment my memory of those nose hairs last year on MY pasta. I don't know what is going on in those kitchens over there, but that is it for me!  I'm done with this place!  This just tells me that there is no oversight as to what is going on in those kitchens over there. Yuk! The health department needs to take a really close look in these restaurant kitchens as to how the help is handling their personal hygiene when working with food served to the public.Recently took my mother there for her birthday. We both ordered the unlimited soup, salad, and bread sticks. Every time I visit an Olive Garden, I always get the same thing and have never had a problem. I guess this would teach me to never take anything for granted because I ended up getting this hard piece of something plastic in my soup. Didn't notice it at first because I had dropped a piece of light lettuce in my soup so I figured it was just that until I put it in my mouth! I promptly told the waiter who took it away and then came back asking if the manager came over yet. He didn't. About 5 minutes later, the manager came over and apologized and walked away. I then heard him offer a free meal to a customer behind me who received red peppers on their meal when they ordered it red pepper free.Red peppers....when I got plastic! Horrible service! I do love the Olive Garden, though.... but I won't be back at this one anytime soon.Ok so I know not to expect a whole lot when I walk into a olive garden. The salad and breadsticks and dip is delicious. The service is mediocre but like i said I really dont expect a whole lot. Either way the 1 star is for the service the minus 4 stars is for the appetizers and food. Yuck? I could eat better frozen food. The fried raviolis and cheese sticks were hard and cold in the middle.  Maybe it was just this one night but the food was cold and all tasted bad. Thank God for carrabas.When you're here, you're ignored. A friend and I decided to dine at the bar seating area for the soup/salad/breadsticks special for a late lunch, but what should have been a simple routine order turned into a train wreck that evolved into the last time I eat at OG. They had employees (including what appeared to be a manager) wandering aimlessly like malfunctioning roomba vacuums, several tables were left un-bussed for almost an hour, and a complete lack of service even at the basic level left us mind boggled. We watched a couple looking around, waiting for a server, but they did what we should have and walked out after several minutes. Despite knowing what we wanted before we arrived, our order wasn't taken until over a half hour after walking through the door. The salad was under dressed, the breadsticks salty, the soup was fine although the lack of service left a poor taste in our mouths throughout the entire meal. Our server disappeared more often than David Copperfield so locating someone to get a check took several minutes after finishing. The manager finally came over and presented the check but then the train derailed. We immediately put two cards down to pay and waited, and waited, and waited. We looked around, made comments, contemplated just leaving. Nobody wanted to take our money. Finally, 15 minutes later our server reappeared from her disappearing act to run our cards we requested to be split. Obviously too difficult of a task as the entire bill was charged to one card. I regret leaving any tip at all, but the biggest tip I can leave is avoid this place and find a nice local family restaurant that will appreciate your business. There are plenty of eateries out there that will make you feel like family.I'm a host at a restaurant on the strip and as important as having good food at a restaurant is, having good customer service is just as important, if not more. I dined here on a Saturday night with two friends, we figured it would be polite to call and reserve in advance. When we arrived, on time, I told the hostesses my name for the reservation and without a word spoken to me, I was handed a buzzer. We didn't wait long before we got a table, but the hostess said only one word to us when she sat us, "enjoy". It seemed rushed and very ingeniune. We didn't even get so much as a smile out of her. Next, our waiter arrived and got right to the point of taking our order. I tried asking which flavor of Italian soda would be best and he basically told me they're all gross. I picked one at random anyway and it was delicious. We waited and waited for the always anticipated bread sticks and we got both our appetizers and our meals before we finally saw our waiter again (the food runner delivered everything) and we asked for our bread sticks. The manager promptly arrived to apologize for this mishap and said we would receive them shortly. He also offered us all a free dessert on the house as an apology. An extra salad plate was brought by who was described to us as our waiters partner, but I told him we didn't need or want one. He shoved it toward me and said to take it anyway "just in case". It was in my way while I tried to rearrange our other plates to make room for the unwanted plate. Our bread sticks finally arrived just as we finished our meals and were too full to eat more than a bite of them. We asked for boxes for our appetizers and as we prepared to scoop the brushetta into the container we came across a hair inside it. I had been snacking on this my whole meal. Yum. I tried telling my waiter about the hair and I had to repeat myself because he wasn't listening the first time. The manager arrived again to apologize and offered to make a new brushetta to take home.Although the managers attempted to make up for the problems, the complete lack of customer service combined with the ridiculously late bread sticks and the hair in my food, it was an overall dissapointing and regretful experience.I will not be returning to this olive garden after being a faithful customer their for the past 5 years.let me start off with the service was amazing and our servers and waiters provided us the best customer service i have experience in a long time but I have a huge issue with this Olive Gardena friend and I decided to do lunch on a Friday afternoon and we went into this location at 12 o'clock exactly and it looked like it was really busy from the outside but we got seated right awaythe server and hostess were very polite got us our drinks right away and then our waitress came she was super  friendly and helpful by showing us all the specials we decided on a appetizers fairly quickly because I had to be to work right after lunch. as soon as we got the chance and knew what we wanted we both ordered Alfredo mine was seafood and my friends was grilled chickenwe ordered the risotto bites for an appetizer they were a cheesy risotto ball and it was dipped in batter and deep fried with a homemade crushed tomatoe sauce and shredded cheese on top  one of our favorite things about Olive Garden is the endless soup salad and breadsticks and let me tell you what she kept it coming she kept offering us the freshly shredded cheese which is absolutely delicious and when I'm ready she brought us the amazing Alfredo even throughout the meal she refilled are breadsticks   we both had the spicy potato and sausage soup which is amazing as always very creamy very hearty  and it even has kale in it  my friends chicken alfredo was amazing a chicken with freshly grilled it was not dry it was very moist and juicy and handles were home made my seafood Alfredo the sea food was cooked perfectly it was nice and tender the alfredo sauce very creamy and buttery and rich and it was just full of flavors I could soak up with the breadsticksshe boxed up my leftovers and our leftover bread sticks and even gave us cups to go for drinks when we had it out so like I said the service was amazing the food was amazing the locations great the big issue that I have is when our bill came I paid with my credit card. our bill was under $40 and I gave her a7 dollar tip (in cash) well later on I noticed that not only do we have our lunch tab on my bank account I also had a almost $50 charge from Olive Garden that was subtracted from my account so I was missing 90 dollars out of my account for a 30 and some change meal! so I gave it 24 hours it was not back in my account so as soon as I got off work I called it down to the location from the number provided to me on my receipt when I call the manager on duty was Jake up Jacob did take a good look into the situation explain to me everything that happened and when I questioned why my card was ran twice he continued to dig deeper into the situation I was not letting him play it off as a server error because she was amazing then  I made him dig until he came to realize that my card was swiped for my table and somebody else's table! when I notified him that the extra charge on my account cause me to go over draft he then started to become apologetic.  I have been in the restaurant industry and management for the restaurant industry for the past 5 years and this is something manager to manager that Jacob needs to learn apologizing to your blue in the face does nothing for customers you need to compensate them for the inconvenience that you caused them and expecially in this situation with the extreme inconvenience  I didn't get offered a coupon for next time or a lunch on Olive Garden all I got was a we reverse the charge right away it should hit your account on Monday hopefully your bank will return the overdraft fee and I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry  it's like he did not even care if I was going to ever return to his location or not  I really do love Olive Garden and I love the convenience of the location its right next to my job it's really close to my home and it sucks that I don't want to go back because of the way I was treated because of an Issue they inconvenience me with. might go back to another location but I will probably never go back to this oneif I could give this place 0 stars I would. I have not been to Olive Garden in years & now I remember why. I will start off with how poorly this place manages and how bad the service is. I came in with 2 family members & from the parking lot we thought it was going to be busy since it was about 3ish (dinner hours) but when we walked in we were immediately seated. This is when it starts to get bad. We were sat in a room with one other table. It took 10 minutes for our original server to take our drink orders. Blank--done. we didn't see him for the rest of the time we were there. Somebody else had to come take our order but it was at least another 15 minutes before that happened. Never got refills the whole time we were there. from start to finish I would have to say we were there for about 2 hours. We did not lolly gag around at the end after we got our tab, we wanted to get out of there. do not recommend this location, not even for my worst enemy.No one was friendly walking in. Someone got seated after us but they had their food before we received water. The waitress did not check on us during our meal. We had to tell the busboy to get our server 2 times. I had a simple soup and salad which took 30 mins to bring out. Then she never brought us our check. When we asked for it the check took another 10 mins. It was terrible service I don't understand how someone can serve a table like that. I know this is not fine dining but McDonalds has better service that. Come on Olive Garden seriously? Maybe she had a bad day but don't take it out on customers. I don't think I will be coming back.Go to another one. Car side sucks. Girl was awful. Wrong order came out then we sat for 45 min and then she forgot. It was shameful go to macaroni grill.The waitress taking our order was great other than that the staff was very unprofessional. We were sitting by the entrance of the kitchen and the servers were going in and out. They started to bring our order out as two of the servers bumped into each other and a hot plate of food was dropped right behind me. The hot food went everywhere burning a patch on my back and arm. No one apologized right away as a matter of fact no one even offered to clean the mess on my chair, table or purse that was hanging on the chair. They didn't even ask if I was o.k. about 10 mins later the manager comes to our table apologizes and he asks if we were o.k and I mentioned the food burned my arm and my back and that there was food everywhere. Needless to say he offered free desert, to which I said no to, and then gave us napkins to clean up the mess our selves. My 6 year old daughter was sitting next me but luckily she was o.k. We didn't want to make a scene so we ate rapidly and went home to put some cold water on my arm. I will never come here again!Never going back for sure this time... I never complain to the staff. Tonight when I called "stephi" the "store manager"  answered my call. I explained my fettuccine noodles were crunchy,  our salmon was dry and the veggies were shriveled , she could not care less. No apology, nothing. She put me on hold for 4 mins and asked the cook.  When she came back. . She by rebutted my complaint by saying all their food is made fresh.  Obviously not or I wouldn't be complaining.    I will go to bucca di peppo or carrabas from now on.. $45 for 2 people to eat take out and you get snappy when someone complains? ! Thanks for nothing! !Our family had a better visit, they didn't offer wine sample, forgot the bread sticks, forgot the refill for the soup and we only saw our server when she dropped off the check. I even have to ask someone else to get a box for our leftovers and no chocolate mints. Overall service could only get better from this visit...I hope!We come here a lot since its right up the street but forget it now. What a sad shame came here tonight at 5:45.

The pizza... =\ so greasy and tasteless...and it had no sauce. wtf? It was dry, but oily on the surface. Complete failure all around. Nothing had any flavor to it.This was an overall disappointing meal. I will not be going back for a second chance. No use in wasting money there...Bad service. They need better management to help customers. The lady took my order was very kind. When the delivery was supposed to arrive an hour late the driver did not know my address I asked him what was my address on the paper he said my correct address but still did not know where I lived?! It's the little things they keep people coming back I will not call the store if I was starving in the desertI've ordered from Napoli many times. I usually order the Napoli Pastrami sandwich. The first time I ordered it, it was awesome. The last three times I've ordered it not so much. It's supposed to be pastrami, coleslaw, provolone, and french dressing on a roll put under the salamander. The last two times it's had meat and cheese only..so bland and dry.. For the prices they charge, the food should not be slacking!!!! I won't order from here anymore!Never again been here waiting for almost an hour for their $7.99 special added one topping and left $3.00 in the tip jar they lost my order  for the pizza not one person working here even said sorry or anything so I left so mad I didn't even want my money back just left witbh no pizza and will never go backI would not recommend this place. the Russian accented worker was very rude. Do not recommend this place at all.If I could give 0 stars I would. Me and coworkers split the same meal today around 3. By 8 we have all been sick. Throwing up, stomachs pains and sweating profusely. I called and spoke with the not so polite manager "Harry" whom stated that there is no way we are sick from his food. Harry said "I know the food I put out, getting sick from food takes at least 24 hours to happen." We did not argue at first just asked for a refund as we obviously did not enjoy our food and felt ill. He said he would not refund us as he knows his food is good and then disconnected the call.Worst food and service I have had at a family owned business. I work in an office near this location and we order food often I will be sure to send a company email advising the over 100 on staff to not eat here, that the food was less than satisfactory and the customer service is horrendous...This is the second time we've tried  this place, walk in absolutely no customer service at all. They just stared at us like we were inconveniencing them so we walked out and it happen the time before. That's the last time we go.Was a big fan of Napoli's before trying this location. I ordered delivery and you can usually never go wrong with any of their pastas, but when receiving my spaghetti w/ Italian sausage, the sausage was so burnt it was inedible. And to add, they didn't give any garlic bread (which is the best part)! Secondly, the tuna melt i ordered was very poorly prepared and the bread was soo hard, that too was inedible. Sad to say i wasted my time and money here.Pizza is good, antipasto salad is average, everything else is overpriced crap. Never ordering from these guys again. Seriously, if you have any talent in the kitchen, don't order anything other than pizza. First & foremost, if you're an Italian restaurant and call the lasagna "classic," that shit better be good! I'm Armenian and can make better lasagna after 7 hits of acid, 5 King Cobra 40's and 2 eight balls of blow...and I'll still remember to remove the bay leaves from the sauce. The pastrami sandwich was dry and didn't come with cole slaw or French dressing like the menu says.  The order of medium boneless wings were probably frozen. Potato and pasta salads were made by somebody who got canned from Smith's deli section. You've been warned...I hate to do this but for the last few times we have ordered it has looked like a retarded child has prepared our food. I love the time we ordered a pepperoni pizza and it only had like 5 pepperonis on it.Don't know what it is about Vegas, but customer service seems not to be a requirement, nor is it part of staff training. Food was good, but the lack of service takes it away. There is no reason it should take almost an hour(46 minutes exactly) to fix one pizza,a salad, and clam strips. They handed me excuses rather than accountability, and apology. Will not be back.I am tired and it's really late.  You would think at 11pm they would be able to get an order in time.  Helpful hint.  Order your food at least a half hour ahead before you even walk in.  NAPOLI. you are pissing me off.   Half our and counting.Ordered big for the office. Messed up our order and staff had to wait almost an hour. They didn't give us new fries so they were like rubber. Wings were under done and tasteless and a large anti pasti was well ...not. For the 40+ bucks we spent we could have eaten like kings.  Never again.Normally Napoli is just ok. Tonight, I just spent $71 on 2 pizzas and 1/2 bucket of wings. Holy crap, are you kidding me?? What disgusting food. I feel so cheated. Not only was it stupid expensive, but gross and not worthy of Pizza Hut. Not only that, it took over an hour for delivery. I'm SO pissed. Too bad there are no negative stars.Just saw a black lexus at the intersection of marks and trail canyon with a napoli pizza sticker on the side blow through a stop sign @ 4:23 pm 9/7/15. That aint cool.Ended up canceling our order because they were such a**holes. Tried ordering online, but it said that they did not service our area, even though they delivered the flyer to our door. Since we had the same zip code, I figured I would call.Call began with, "Please hold."  CLICK. No hello, nothing. Bad music. Came back within a minute, went downhill from there. Told her about the online experience, she said she's not sure what went wrong, but they do in fact service our area. Literally spent 30 minutes simply trying to convey our address. She had a problem listening, kept interrupting, never got it right even after multiple spellings and repeating the cross street. The actual pizza order was easy, until I mentioned the freebie on the flyer they sent me. Flyer promised "Free garlic balls if you text" - with no caveat. It is a bait and switch. They don't mean it. No free garlic balls. She rudely put me on hold, then a man answered. He went into a song and dance about how the text wasn't working correctly and I was supposed to follow a link to download their special app and then come into the store in order to receive their stupid less than $5 incentive.  I said that if you're willing to argue that much over something so cheap instead of just giving it to us as first time customers, it wasn't worth being customers at all. We ended up ordering from dominos.Cold pizza. Charged $5.50 delivery charge! Also charged a $1.00 processing fee! To process what???? Food was not good at all. Boneless wings were overcooked and it took over an hour to be delivered 2 miles away. Bad food for a premium price. Great business motto. I've learned my lesson. I'll take my business elsewhereWe ordered delivery though grub hub and it took over and hour and thirty minutes just to get to our door. That was the best part of our experience. The boxes were all cover in grease that got all over the place leaving a mess. The curly fries with cheese bacon probably would have been good but it was so cold that the melted cheese had solidify again. The garlic balls were also completely cold but once I microwaved them they were not bad, but I shouldn't have had to microwave them in the first place. The cold roast beef sandwich was absolutely horrible. I asked for no onions but got them anyway even after the girl on the phone confirmed the no onions. The tomatoes we mushy the lettuce was wilted and the cheese which they had melted was again solidified. And the meat was grayish and disgusting. Very disappointed to have spent $32 for very bad food. The only thing they got right was the 2 liter of Dr Pepper.Food Poison. My friend ordered 2 30inch for his kid BDay picnic. I had 2 slices. I begin to feel sick. By the time I got home, I puked all out and has been running now to the restroom all night. I would not bother with this place . The pizza is very greasy.It's been next to impossible to find a true Chicago Style pizza out, but through a delivery menu, saw that they had one. Although hesitant, I got excited.

At check out we asked to speak to the manager and she refused to speak with us! She was communicating through the front desk girl! It was so unprofessional.

salad was good but certainly would not classify that dressing as caesar

Besides the most unfriendly, horrible management I have ever experienced, this place has absolutely NO parking, trashy grounds, gross west nile breeding ponds everywhere. The gates are ALWAYS broken. Literally the worst place I have ever lived in. RUDE RUDE RUDE! Don't waste your time and money - you will regret moving here. All of the negative reviews are 100% accurate. I ignored them when I moved in here, and I wish I didn't.So I have lived at Lakeview for about 6 months. During my time at lakeview I have had serval concerns. The plumbing seems to have issues, such as my toilet overflowing from septic backup. This has happened on multiple occasions. The last time my bathtub filled with poop it took 24 hours to come clean up the water. Easter I'm sitting at home with my elderly mother when my neighbor who suffers from mental disabilities or drug induced psychosis decided to throw a brick through my sliding glass door. I called the police and Lakeview. After 7 attempts to reach management, I finally went to bed. The next morning I spoke to Jordan who was not concerned with my safety concerns at all. I no longer feel safe living at Lakeview. Any parents thinking about allowing your children to live at lakeview reconsider!5 days without air conditioning and counting.Just as nick wrote, Jordan is awful. She is the most disrespectful property "manager" I have ever encountered. She makes everything super difficult and talks to you like you are a child. HIGHLY recommend finding a different place to live!!! Other than management, Lakeview is okay, takes forever to get maintenance and have had my apt flood twice.I do not know where to begin with this place other than one word, disappointed.This was my first apartment experience since graduating from ASU in May. From the beginning it was a nightmare. When I came to move in, they told me they did not get a chance to clean the apartment ON MY MOVE IN DAY! they said their car caught on fire...ok so I came into the place and it was disgusting. Trash everywhere...boogers on the wall. Had to wait two hours till they were done cleaning to move out in the hot summer....ok...Well whatever, I made the best of it and was ready to move forward. That day we got settled in to realize basically everything was broken. Front door was messed up, sliding door did not lock, closets would not close, light in the hallway was broken--bad wiring, kitchen drawers did not close properly....list continues. My major problem was that our gas was broken and could not be turned on, we had no hot water whatsoever...I took a cold shower for a month. My roommate came home and decided to confront Jordan and it was not pleasant. We wanted her to come do a walk through with us so she could see what poor condition the apartment was in. Of course she did not even want to come with us and sent us with maintenance. Here I am almost three months later with tons of broken things in the apartment still. It is not even worth calling them for. I am counting down these next 10 months and getting out of here as soon as I can. The landscapers always leave big parts of trees right next to my apartment door, how nice to look at....I hate it here.I have had the absolute worst experience with this place. Between not fixing my dry-rotted shower for three months, letting my A/C leak for 3+ weeks before maintenance came out, and my personal favorite, ALLOWING A CLEANING COMPANY INTO MY APARTMENT "ON ACCIDENT!" How did this happen, you say? Allow me to elaborate.I get a call while I'm at work, asking if my name is Emily, and if I still live at Lakeview At The Bay. Suspicious, I asked who was calling. Jordan - the apartment manager. She explained to me that, while it was not a big deal, something had happened. According to her, there is an apartment complex in Mesa called Lakeview at Superstition Springs, and someone with my apartment number there had ordered carpet cleaning services. A mix up occurred, and they ended up COMING INTO MY APARTMENT, cleaning my apartments, and...stealing $100.00 out of my drawer!Jordan offered absolutely NO apology, would not explain to me how this mix up occurred, what she would to do rectify it, etc. How are there no verification procedures in place? How is that even acceptable? I ended up having to call the police and file a police report against the complex AND the cleaning company (who, by the way, Lakeview gives out "coupons" for). Absolutely unacceptable. Worst apartment manager I've ever dealt with. I cannot wait to move out in two months and not deal with her unprofessional, demeaning self anymore.Don't sign anything when applying at this apartment!!!!!! They will charge you the security deposit of $199 plus $35 for credit check before you get approved to sign the lease. They will then keep your money if you do not get approved or change your mind on wanting to live there! They are crooks! Kurt is the worse of them all! The model apartment they will show you will be nothing like the real thing you get if you do get approved. Go ahead and ask about the crime report in the area. They will respond by saying there mother lives there its fine. NOT! Again...DON'T GIVE THEM the $200 on top of the credit report charge until you are officially approved! It's a scam!!!!Don't move into this complex unless you miss the days of living in east Germany, rent is super high,takes weeks for the idiot dickless incompetence people who run the leasing office to get anything done i.e. My apt flooded out I lived with poop water on my carpet for DAYS without and care from property management ,the people who run the management office sincerely need to be euthanized and replaced with people who have the intellectual capacity. But don't take it from this random opinion meet those people in person as they suck back their 75 oz soda and weeze trying to explain the deplorable conditions of this area. Not to mention the unprofessional manor in which communications are passed between office and resident lets just say it's 2016 phone have been invented no need to continually pepper my door with BS complex letters that contain no useful info and nonstop solicitation adds. The managers of lake view at the bay need to know that this ---- is capitaned by individuals better suited for the fast food industry.Don't move into this complex unless you miss the days of living in east Germany, rent is super high,takes weeks for the idiot dickless incompetence people who run the leasing office to get anything done i.e. My apt flooded out I lived with poop water on my carpet for DAYS without and care from property management ,the people who run the management office sincerely need to be sent into deep space and replaced with people who have the intellectual capacity. But don't take it from this random opinion meet those people in person as they suck back their 75 oz soda and weeze trying to explain the deplorable conditions of this area. Not to mention the unprofessional manor in which communications are passed between office and resident lets just say it's 2016 phone have been invented no need to continually pepper my door with BS complex letters that contain no useful info and nonstop solicitation adds. The managers of lake view at the bay need to know that this ---- is capitaned by individuals better suited for the fast food industry.Today's topic is about the word "emergency"...so this headless chicken of a complex offers a service in which if you have lets says sewage backing up all over the carpet and or no heat you are given a number to be in contact with one of the on site repair man ....this so called emergency number ...well heat goes out I call the which goes unanswered  " emergency line" I say hey I have no heat which in this part of the world is a big deal, I stopped taking cold showers in Afghanistan. 3 days with no response get a face to face today pfffff just call that number the after hours appointment system or the cluster f or something more fitting because you can't call that line the emergency line when there is zero URGENCY to the situation that's like an ambulance trying to rush people to the Er with flat tires. Needless to say I fixed the issue myself shortly after it happened I just like testing all the great "amenities" they provide here to sell you a total lemon deal. Feel free to live here in you must but you may want to brush up on your contracting and construction work. I promise you will be replacing you're own bad sockets.lights.ect ect because by the time ghost busters show up you could have outsourced or DIY just food for thought. I get those guys get busy but not my problem The leadership of this complex need to have accountability and urgency instilled. save the money and rent a home at least then you can have some peace and quietBeautiful landscape my a**. I moved in around December of 2014. I got pulled in by said landscape. Next thing I know, there is a dude with a ladder on my window at 7:30 AM banging on it to reach a tree limb. I had a gun and had to make sure someone wasn't doing something dumb. They run all their loud equipment before sunrise. Then, last year, the water pump failed on the stream outside. Fine, replace it, right? Nope. They spent 5 months with mosquito infested water. Filled it, drained it, filled it, drained it. Finally filled it again and it is now running. But alas, the create another eyesore with these ugly urinal cakes. There are dogs without leashes well over the weight limit, and almost always belong to maintenance personnel. Then, when you call to report it, they want you to tell them where it is coming from, otherwise they don't want to even look into it. You have to be the police and follow the dog home to find out where it lives.Then, we have the office people themselves. If you say you need something fixed, the girl writes on a post-it note and forgets where it gets lost in a stack of rental agreements. You tell Mike, he makes excuses. Then, Curtis does the same, but is only a tad more understanding. Jordan can't be bothered but to consider her tenants as the enemy. Corroded water fixtures aren't replaced until there is a flood, then I'm to blame somehow.Seriously, not worth the high rent and crappy neighbors who have zero respect for others.I sincerely wish there was a zero star rating on Yelp, as I would have given that instead. To anyone considering renting at this place, all I can say is DON'T. I honestly don't know where to start with this review. First, let's start with the fact that the unit you will tour when you view the property will be ABSOLUTELY NOTHING LIKE the unit you will be rented. If you are lucky, your unit will at least be cleaned before you move in (which again, I STRONGLY advise NEVER MOVING IN HERE). Our unit was not. Upon move-in, our unit was ABSOLUTELY FILTHY. There was pet hair, food, stains, dirt, and foot prints EVERYWHERE. We had movers coming the same day we gained access to the apartment; therefore, we ended up having to clean the unit ourselves as quickly as possible so that our furniture didn't have to be moved into the trash heap Lakeview left us with - Lakeview did absolutely nothing to make up for the situation.Now, once we were in the unit, literally everything started to break - several roof leaks, a broken dryer, broken toilets, leaking sinks, and a leaking A/C unit which was creating mold in our air ducts and leaking into our downstairs neighbor's unit. You can call, and call, and call, and put in maintenance request after maintenance request, but I can guarantee it will be several weeks before anyone addresses or "fixes" the issue. And by "fixes," I mean that the maintenance men typically don't have the parts needed to fix the problem, or they somehow find a way of making it worse - like the time our dryer broke, and instead of touching the dryer, when they came to our apartment (we were at work at the time) they "fixed" our washer - which was not broken in the first place.  Not to mention, the "picturesque streams" that flow through the property are almost always not working, creating stagnant, mosquito-infested swamp-like environments. And good luck if you ever want to use the (cess)pool -  it's almost always closed down, and if it's not, then it's full of leaves/duck poop/dirt. Also, the "gated" community Lakeview boasts is almost never gated because their gates are ALWAYS broken. Then, there are the tenants. During my time at Lakeview, I had a domestic violence situation take place in the apartment below mine. The police ended up being called, and they ended up surrounding the apartment with guns and breaking the door in to gain entry. Then, we had three different scenarios in which our neighbors were smoking so much pot, our unit turned into a literal hotbox situation several times a day. Despite the fact that Lakeview says they are a strict drug-free community, they did absolutely nothing following complaint after complaint of our house reeking of pot smoke. This is not to mention the various other police responses to the apartment complex on a regular basis.Then, there's the office staff. All I can say is get ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING anyone in the Lakeview office EVER tells you in writing. If you do not, they will pretend they didn't say it. One person will tell you one thing, another will tell you something completely different. On top of it, the property managers, Ellen and Jordan, are the ABSOLUTE WORST. They are so incredibly rude, condescending, and deceitful. Also, no matter what the lease says, even if Lakeview is in violation of their own lease terms (which they were in our case) they will make up lie after lie to explain why they are right and you are wrong in order to squeeze every last cent imaginable out of you. I have never dealt with more dishonest, unprofessional people in my entire life as those who work at Lakeview. They could care less about their tenants - they are in it for the money, and they will lie straight to your face to get as much of it from you as possible. Lastly, this place is SERIOUSLY overpriced for what you get. Please take my advice and spend your hard-earned money elsewhere. This place is AWFUL in every way imaginable.This is by far the worst apartment complex that I have ever lived in. The staff is rude and extremely unhelpful. The apartments and the amenities are old and run down, and the overall complex just isn't well taken care of at all. While living there the streams were constantly broken creating gross, and foul smelling stagnant water and the grassy areas were always flooded by the sprinklers which lead to a ton of bugs everywhere. The pools were never clean and there are a lot of ducks on the property that would frequently go into the pools, which is a HUGE health hazard. On top of the ducks that liked to attack any dog that walks past them, the complex was riddled with stray cats that people would feed without thinking about the diseases that they could be carrying. My dog got very sick and ended up costing me $800 in vet bills that was caused by being around diseases cat feces from these stray cats. The apartment I moved into was hastily covered in a layer of paint in an attempt to cover up the fact that it was dirty and falling apart. While living there my air conditioner broke a total of 13 times! The second time, the maintenance crew noticed that it was breaking because there was a part that needed to be replaced as it was the wrong size. They said that this part would be ordered so I called and went into the office every other week to find out when that part would arrive just to be told that "they would check on it". Some days I would get home from work at 4:30 PM to find it broken, call in the emergency maintenance line (which is supposed to be 24 hours) AND call the office, just to either be told that no one could make it until the next day or to have no one answer my call at all or show up to fix it. By my last month there I let the office know that this had been breaking consistently and that I had been pushing the part back into place by myself in an attempt to fix it most of the time and the girl didn't seem to care at all. This complex is also filled with a lot of college age kids that are constantly partying, smoking weed and even lighting off fireworks in the parking lot at all hours of the night. The only thing good about this place was that there were a couple of maintenance guys that were very friendly and nice and genuinely wanted to help you, however the office sucked so bad that they usually couldn't. After moving out I have discovered that there are a lot of much better apartment options for the same price out there, so if you are looking into Lakeview on the Bay I suggest you keep looking.It should be renamed PokeyLube! My truck has been sitting in the bay, untouched, for over half an hour.Waiting for a top off. It's been 45 minutes now. I've been using Jiffy Lube for years and have always gotten free top offs...this dude just tried to charge me after waiting this long. Never again.I am a Chinese student here and have tried a lot of Chinese Food in AZ area. This one have terrible crappy food with the worst customer services. My roommate and I odered the lunch specical and they sent us the large size food which charged us more than $20 and they rejected to do anything for their mistake. ==PANDA==========Their customer service is horrible. I ordered a lunch special through cell phone. I told them that I wanted lunch special. They gave me something else which cost me much more them that. And they even denied that it was their fault! They refused to admit to the fact that I had told them I wanted lunch special. They rejected to do anything about it! And the way they talked to me was extremely rude!I know it was after lunch on a Sunday, but I was totally not impressed with this place.  You have to know something is wrong when everyone is sitting at the bar and stares at you while you walk in.  No one greeted us and we figured right then and there not a good place for lunch.  Bad service is sooo not cool.First clue: afternoon of the Final Four and this sports bar wasn't crowded. Second clue: in a group of 9 at least 3 people were asked for their drink orders multiple times. They ordered water. Forty-five minutes after arriving one of our group still hadn't received his food. Almost everyone else was done. He ordered a salad. Our waitress had disappeared by now.  So one of our group got up and found another waitress and got the salad.  30 minutes later, when it was time to pay, we saw the waitress had exercised her menu-mentioned discretion to charge a 20% gratuity.  Probably (and accurately) sensing she had no chance of making that much on her merits.There's nothing special about this sports bar unless you consider slow service and the usage of buffalo sauce to make things spicy as special.  The TVs are old, none were on a HD feed, the service was lousy, the food was bad and overpriced.  Money is better spent just a few doors down at My Big Fat Greek Express.STAY CLEAR!!!!! I do not usually take the effort to write reviews. I eat out a lot. I have ate here before, the food was OK. But the last time I ate there (9/17/2010) A cockroach ran out from under my wife's plate. Do what you will but you will not catch me in this establishment again. It is too bad too the ladies working there are super friendly but some lines can't be crossed that was one of them. You have been warned.5 Words:Avoid This Like The Plague.This was a terrible experience.  I came here with a couple of friends one night, and it was completely awful.I don't even know what alcohol they were using, but it was nothing I recognized... It was probably some bottom shelf liquor from the nearest gas station.The bartender had no idea what we were asking for.  One of my friends asked for a dirty martini, and he mixed up a drink that looked like a Coke and Rum.  Needless to say, we did not stay long.Do not come here if you are looking for a good time.A lot has changed and this place is less of a sports bar and more of a biker bar. Food is still bad, service sucks and is'nt worth a visit.This place went from being a decent sports bar to a place where bikers hang out. The management has adapted to the new crowd and changed their bar slogan to "Represent Mother F****" Not a great place, feels more like a private club you're waking into that you weren't invited to. Shame for what used to be a nice neighborhood spot.AwesomeOne word is GROSS.  From the FILTHY menu that literally SMELLED like it was wiped with a filthy rag... and-of which we all had to share it  at our table as they didn't have enough for the place) to the over-sauced sandwich that I sent back and got a hockey puck hamburger instead... to the POOR service (girl didn't even come back to ask if everything was ok)  Save yourself and seek another sports bar.  The inattentive waitress also thought she could get away with charging my credit card an extra buck and I had already RELUCTANTLY  left 15%  !! Caught it reconciling my account so they even committed credit card fraud. I will NEVER be back to this dank and filthy place.This is the worst food I have ever had... and I eaten shitty cuisine.... this place Service sucks, beer taste like cold piss, nacho had a dry meat loaf like meat on them... who can ruins quesadillas? ... this place.... plates where dirty, Waitress was slow and the restroom where so dirty no paper towels ... and graffiti everywhere not visiting again... #disappointedI live down the street and I have been wanting to go to this bar. I am a huge diamondback fan and wanted to go inside to watch the game. It had the feel of a baker bar witch are regulars. Took a while to get any service. The bartender was ver rude. She gave us a dirty menu and never came back to take our order. We were watching the game then the tv went out. I would not go back.I have worked in the service industry for a good majority of my life and I have never been more frustrated with service received, or lack thereof. I know when there are big events taking place (like a ufc fight) service may take a bit longer, but waiting almost 2 hours for an order of hot wings is more than just a bit ridiculous. To top it off, knowing that it was a busy night, there was only one server on staff that evening! Either be prepared and come to visit already eaten, or give up hope that you will receive any decent service. The "pitcher's" that were ordered, only contained barely 2 small cups worth of beer in them...I would at least expect to be compensated for the lack of product received from what was ordered. We will never be returning to this establishment unless or until they get their act together.Baseline Sports bar is now a newly renovated bar called Brick and Barley. My husband and I have been here a few times. Today we were here to grab lunch and a hopefully a couple of beers. The bartender saw us walk in and we sat at the table for over 15 minutes, even the bartender walked in the back to get something and walked back to the bar. Never acknowledged us coming in or while we were sitting at the table waiting. After this we left. Just a few people in the place and wasn't too busy, it's unfortunate because we are down the street from here and have liked it in the past.Very disappointed!! Went there before bar rescue and it was dirty and not very inviting. Went after bar rescue and ordered a burger medium to medium rare .I was told it will be cooked however the cook wants. It was well done! So..we decided not to base our decision on one visit..went back and asked the waitress about any appetizers on happy hour and she says...you want cheap food you can always go to mcdonalds!!! We just figured she is stupid so we ordered burgers medium to medium rare and again...well done!!!! Asked for hot sauce and went to use it and it was foamy and chunky!!! Showed the waitress and she grabbed the bottle brought back a partial bottle of something else with no lid and crap stuck to the sides!!!!! Unbelievable! !! So sad because I live in the area and really was looking forward to this bar being nice. Would not recommend this to anyone!!!!! So sad.I have been coming here off and on for many years. Came back to check it out after the bar rescue. Looks like they never changed the menu at all, and the bathrooms are still gross. It's clearly a bar for regulars and they get served before anyone else. The room itself looks good (though anything was an improvement) but it's nothing special. Also, I know it's not a big deal, but stickers on the window indicate fresh made pretzels, and they do not appear on the (old) menu. I won't be back.I would give zero stars if I could! Disgusting flat Stella on draft and service was horrible. Waitresses would rather talk to each other in the back room than actually serve us. Someone should call bar rescue.  Oh wait... they already did and it still needs rescuing. If Jon Taffer came in he would be livid! What a waste of space. This bar will not last!!!This place is a shit hole; it was one before they put lipstick on the pig and it is one now. After vowing not to come back in Baseline crap hole a couple of years ago due to horrible service and mediocre food, not to mention barfly midday drunks that call this place home evidently. Noticed a name  change and decided to give this "new" place a shot. Walked into a basically dead environment with a couple of deadbeat drunks at the bar.  Seat yourself, grabbed menu from adjoining table to notice it said Baseline crap hole on front...nothing changed, how cheap and typical of this place.  Sat and watched what I suppose was a female "bartender" only focused on the couple of drinks at the bar. Over 10 minutes went by with no acknowledgement, so left this outhouse and will never return.  Caught the tail end of Bar Rescue tonight and after seeing what I guess is the owner, I learned all I need to know.  This place will be out of business hopefully before football season can try to save it.Last December after quiting my job I quickly needed something to pay the bills.  After having trouble on my own I decided to test my luck with a temp agency and let them do all the selling for me.  I went into their office to have a sit down with one of the reps, which consisted of me telling my rep what kind of job I would like and the wage I was willing to work for.  I then spent over an hour  taking tests to figure out my customer service capabilities.   After I finished my tests there at their office I was instructed to go home where they would be emailing me links to take more tests of my knowledge of programs such as Outlook, Excel, and Word.  That took about another hour.  So now I have spend 2hrs taking tests for these people they are sure to find me a job right?!  WRONG...  Days went by, weeks even started going by, thank god I had a holiday job..I did get some offers but nothing that was worth working for. Correct me if I'm wrong I did tell you the wage I was looking for when I spent an hour at your office did I not?!?! I gave up hope on Apple One and found the job I am at right now and going strong.  Apparently they don't update their system that often and have recently started emailing me about job possibilities again.  I gave Apple One 1 star because they didn't help me at all.  Instead they wasted my time which I'm sure I returned the favor and wasted their time!  They did help me a bit though by getting my butt into gear and doing shit on my own!I went to the Apple One location at 1337 S. Gilbert Rd. The office was very unprofessional and the staff ignored me and left me waiting for long periods of time. I too had to spend a couple of hours taking tests, and actually had to make a seperate trip to go back into their office for a one minute test because their system was not working. My "recruiter" was actually their regional manager. She informed me that it would take 24 hours to a week to find a position. After about two weeks I had received only one email, which was for a position that I had not said I would be interested in doing. Every time I called to check in with her, the person that answered the phone would say she was there, then after telling her who it was they would come back on the phone and say she was in a "meeting"... I've worked in plenty of offices and I know that one. Besides that, I had seen the set up of their facility and she didn't have anywhere to GO to BE in a meeting! Then to top it all off, she called my current employer for a reference when we had specifically talked about her NOT calling them!! I watched her write it down on the damn application and yet she was dense enough to still call them. I gave her my business references, which when I finally got her to call me back after 2 phone calls she had completely forgotten or lost the information, so I had to give it to her again. All I have to say is what a complete IDIOT!!! So unprofessional,  unorganized, and lacking common sense. Not only have they not found me a position, they have jeopardized my current position before I've had a chance to find something new!! If I could give them no stars, I would have!They are very unprofessional. I had recieved several calls about a job but it was for someone else. They had my file crossed with someone else. I would call to tell them they have my info mixed up with someone else they just blew it off. They never sent out my resume and never touched base with me. I joined them in October 2011 and it is now January 2012. Good thing I kept pursuing a job on my own because I ended up getting 4 offers on my own. Don't waste your time with this company because you may lose out on a great job offer.  Good Luck!At first when I went to this company the only problem I had was the receptionist. Extremely rude with a bad attitude. I decided to let that slide because they found me a job very quickly. (The next day...and started a week later). Well, several months later, after becoming permanent with that job and no longer part of Appleone, I decided to leave but unfortunately the next job concealed many things about their desires so I was jobless once again. So seeing I've had experience with Appleone I decided to try them again. After 3 weeks of trying to contact them, phone calls, face to face visits, trying to get back in contact with the person I worked with originally, I always got the same response: "Shes in a meeting, call back in an hour." Or "Shes in an interview, call back in an hour". So after several times of doing this, I was told something about a "power hour" where they wont take calls. This was very strange to me but I went along with it and called 2 hours later instead. AGAIN I was faced with the same responses of "Shes in a meeting". So finally I decided to ask if there was anyone, ANYONE else I could work with because it is very inconvenient that Im constantly told the same thing every time I call and am getting no assistance. I was told "Im sorry but there's no one else we're all really busy." At that point I maintained my composure and politely said "Ok, thank you." and quickly hung up. Only God knows what I really wanted to say, but I know how to keep things professional regardless of emotion. I gave this company ONE star because they do NOT help or assist like the claim to do which is very unprofessional. Of course they will do the standard procedure of "I can take a message if you like." But whats the point if they NEVER get back to you. As I even stated to the receptionist. I am glad I see their true colors now, reading over other reviews AND even statements from the job I had which others received from Appleone also. I would always hear small stories of how messed up this company is but never really saw it for myself until now.Would choose 0 if I could.  I was placed in position by them that I complained several times about.  The boss is a prick.  He offered me permanent employment at $.20 higher than my temp pay.  He is intimidating and neurotic.  I let the women know this in a 4 page letter with specific examples and they told me to take the job anyway and they'd help me continue looking for other employment but not to tell the employer what we discussed.  Nine months later, they still refuse to help me with other opportunities.  They do not care about their staff.  Just the bucks they cash in.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME HEREIf only I had the option to give this place 0-star! This place reached out to me when they came across my resume online. I was hoping to find a professional job out of state and was asked to come in for an interview.Met with Sherry who displayed very little professionalism! Red flag signs throughout the interview as she indicated that the person who I was on the phone with was "let go" and interrupting me as I explained my current job position to comment that the insurance industry that I work in is such a terrible industry. Irrelevant comments/opinions that she did not need to share with me! So unprofessional! She said she would communicate with me during the process and reach out to other offices to help find me a job in my desired state. I had not heard from her for about 2 weeks and no response after I sent a followup email. The degree of professionalism as well as courtesy is at its lowest here.I'm guessing this place must have high turnover rates. And also heard that appleone is the lowest in the tiers of recruiting agencies. Wish I knew that before wasting my time with them! Word of advice, avoid this place as there are much better recruiting agencies out there.Terrible customer service. Reservation made months ago. Drove 6 hours, arrived to find we did not have a room and were moved to a crappy motel. Apparently they are unclear of the definition of reservation.This McD visit once again reminded me to make my breakfast and coffee at home! We had a coupon for buy one get one free special coffees so we decided to hit the McD's closest to my route for doing chores today. When ordering the breakfast, we were told they " don't have specialty coffees at this location" even though they were advertised outside AND inside on a video display. Anyway, we decided just to have two "regular Iced Coffees" for the BOGO offer along with an egg and cheese bisquit and an Egg McMuffin.So at the window, they had charged me the FULL price..that was OK, she made the adustment..then handed us two sweet smelling somethings in a cup and two sandwiches..the cups were sticky. We knew this wasn't right and pulled over to see what we had been given. The drinks were some kind of caramel syrupy coffee..I took them both back in and asked to have the mistakes corrected to two REGULAR ICED COFFEEs..well after about ten minutes, I was given two more..still didn't look right, but they weren't sticky atleast. Went back to the car and discovered they were French Vanilla Coffees...AND the egg and cheese bisquit was REALLY an egg and SAUSAGE with out the CHEESE..we dont eat sausage...we just left and dumped the coffee..I did eat the McMuffin..they're pretty hard to screw up. The sausage was donated to the dumpster.First off don't go to this "McDonald's" after 5pm and order any kinds of ice cream ...with that being said this place always has issues with the ice cream maker . I live right by and my kids love the Oreo mcflurries . So I give them the benefit of the doubt . But noooo I always get the "ice cream makes is broken .. So no more stopping by this McDonald's .. I'll go to sonic down the street for my desserts .Loyal customer there. They did a fantastic job every time. Until this last time! They lost my order and said they are not responsible for lost items. No credit. No sorry! NO NOTHING!!! You would think they would value a customer that regularly brings in 20 plus items a little more than that! DO NOT GO THERE! Well, I guess you could go there to drop off old clothes you want to give away. They would make a freaking awesome Goodwill drop!I've used this cleaners for several years.  They did an "okay" job, and I appreciated the drive-through, as I have small children.  But when I went to pick up my pants, they'd lost them.  They won't pay replacement value, because the pants weren't new?   Seriously?!?!  How does a customer replace what they've lost?  Nightmare customer service, all driven by a nasty owner.  I'm with Paul C -- better Goodwill, than dry cleaners.Have been a regular customer at this cleaner for more than a decade, but today that ends. I liked them for their good prices, quality cleaning, and the fact they would replace buttons for free. I brought in 10 shirts two days ago, and one of them needed a button replaced (their machines will occasionally remove a button). I stopped in to pick up the shirts yesterday, but they hadn't done the button, so I picked up 9 shirts, and was told they'd have the button replaced for today. So I arrive after 4 pm today, and no button, wasn't done, they'd have it done tomorrow -- thus three visits to this cleaner through busy traffic. Told them to give me the shirt and they'd lost a 10-year customer.This is probably the worst dry cleaner I have ever been to.  I took two of my comforters there to get cleaned, one was just a little cheap comforter from Target and the other was a very expensive goose down comforter.  When I went to pick them up they only had the cheap target one and told me that they accidentally gave the goose down comforter to someone else.  They said they called that customer but they haven't returned the comforter or their calls.  This has been going on for 3 weeks now and I still don't have my goose down comforter.  DO NOT GO HERE!!  I am going to have to take further action.  The goose down comforter was $500.  This is absolutely ridiculous !First time having my clothes cleaned here. Lost clothing. I brought my suit in which included a jacket and slacks. When I got my clothes back I only got my jacket back. As if that wasn't bad enough, the lady helping me was incredibly rude and hard to deal with. Never again will I support a company that is dishonest and disrespectful. If I could rate this place a 0/5 I would.I went there for several months bc its perfectly on the way home. I will never go back.  They are so outrageously rude and unprofessional and my shellac nails broke and chipped within a week.I've been to this place twice before for a gel manicure. Both were ok. It was the visit today that makes me vow to never come back. In my opinion, a place like a nail salon which use tools and instruments that could possibly cause an infection; should take sincere care of their place of business. First thing I noticed when taking a seat for a pedicure was the amount of dirt and dust on their seats and side tables. Should've ran right then. I looked across the way to the manicure stations and saw at least 2 tables full of debris from previous appointments. Onto the actual pedicure, the guy who did mine was so unprofessional, he kept coughing right all over my legs and feet the whole time, never covering his mouth or turning his head. Also, the overall quality of his service just sucked. He was obnoxiously rough with filing and cutting down nails, but then half - assed the massage, which is primarily the reason I get pedicures since I am always on my feet at work. Immediately after the polish, he wasn't paying attention to how he was putting my sandals on, and pretty much would've gotten polish all over my sandals had I not chosen to go with a Fast Dry Clear Coat. At least I was in and out within 20 min? Definitely not worth the time or money! Save yourself and go to another nail salon!I've been wanting to write a review about this place and I know it's too late because it's been over a year since I've gone there but I just have to say I have never in my life went to a nail salon with such bad customer service. I came to this place last year to get my nails done for my birthday (FYI that was my first and last time I gone there) when I walked in there was only one person and I had to wait for almost an hour for a worker to arrive to do my nails. During the process of doing my nails the lady was basically distracted by her phone almost the whole time and with that she cut me with the nail filer and when I told her about it she didn't even apologize not one single concern she even poured alcohol on it and of course it hurt so bad. Overall I did like my nails but I was disappointed and bothered by they're services. NEVER AGAIN COMING HERE. ***One thing that I found odd was that they had they're dogs in the salon, didn't bother me but I found it non professional.I had driven by this place a few times after moving to the area, and finally decided to try it recently. I went in on a Saturday for a gel manicure with an appointment. It was clean and well-decorated, and for the most part, I'd felt like I'd found my new salon. Fast forward to Sunday, less than 48 hours after paying $27 for a gel manicure, and it's already chipping off one nail, and this is without me doing anything particularly strenuous with my hands. I'm writing this on Monday afternoon -- three nails are chipped and there's a giant crack in the polish across my thumb. I've NEVER had this happen with a gel manicure before, and have gone to several other places where I went two to three weeks before my first chip. Perhaps it would have been different if the owner (? Maybe? Clearly the woman in charge) hadn't kept hassling the tech to hurry up and finish my manicure because a woman was waiting for her pedicure to start. She called out to my tech three times, urging her to hurry up and get done with me, during the course of my 30-minute manicure -- and I had an appointment. I will not return.If this app had a negative score card I would give cactus nail a -5. The worst place I have ever been too. I have never been treated so poorly ever. The man who did my nails ruined them. They were real by the way not fake acrylic and it takes me sooooo long to grow them out. He kept sighing at everything. I mean shit if you don't want to do nails for living find something else to do with your life! And what I wanted was just a shallac manicure with one little rhinestone that's not that damn hard. He also lied to me about the cost! He said it would be like $25 and when he was done he said it was $45 I asked why and he said it was because of the designs and it was shallac. He also yelled at me because when you get shallac you can't wash your hands with soap because it ruins the paint. and I didn't use soap like he asked but some reason my nail was still oily and he literally like yelled at me saying I told you no soap! I told him I didn't use it and he cut me off and like grunted and said well you touch hair then!?!? I said no maybe it was lotion I had on from earlier I am a girl and we use more lotion then men I'm sorry. And he was so rude the rest of the time. I literally felt like crying I was so frustrated I told him he didn't have to paint my nails I'll go somewhere else. So I did and I went to Riley's nail salon. Which by the way is the BEST PLACE I have been to in awhile. Do not go to cactus nails.I went to this place because it was highly recommended my friends and coworkers. I enjoyed the people who worked there and the environment however the day after I got my manicure my ring finger became swollen and my cuticle is infected.I went to this place because it was highly recommended my friends and coworkers. I enjoyed the people who worked there and the environment however the day after I got my manicure my ring finger became swollen and my cuticle is infected.I don't give any stars I was rushed and pushed out of the chair and was not happy with the nail job that was done considering they were not busy when I was there. They were rude and did not follow what I wanted just rushed me through my nails. Very disappointed with Cactus Nails!It took way to long to get a pedicure. The water was cold by the time someone helped me. They got mad when I said the nails weren't even. Not satisfied.Coming here was the worst mistake ever! My friend got her eyebrows waxed and she left one way thinner than the other. Didn't even trim them.I got my lashes done and they look like shit! I was extremely livid. My 7 year old could've done a better job. I kept telling her she wasn't doing it right and she kept saying "when you go home put a little bit of make up on and they look nice" "very natural". My right eye was fuller than the left. I kept telling her and she was trying to "fix" it but put an eyelash in my eye and the glue got in my eye. Took her like 3minutes to get it out. 30min later my eye still burns! Don't come here! I would give this place no stars!!He cut my finger tips with a nail file!I've never had this happen before. Now it hurts to use them.Coming here was the worst mistake ever! My friend got her eyebrows waxed and she left one way thinner than the other. Didn't even trim them.I got my lashes done and they look like shit! I was extremely livid. My 7 year old could've done a better job. I kept telling her she wasn't doing it right and she kept saying "when you go home put a little bit of make up on and they look nice" "very natural". My right eye was fuller than the left. I kept telling her and she was trying to "fix" it but put an eyelash in my eye and the glue got in my eye. Took her like 3minutes to get it out. 30min later my eye still burns! Don't come here! I would give this place no stars!!I went back two days later and got my money back. All my lashes fell off the second day. I woke up to a pillow full of lashes. The owner was the one that did them in case y'all were wondering.Wendy's is no luxury dining experience in any case, but this one is exceptionally bad.  The ketchup dispensers are broken, but the staff doesn't care.  The cashier used more obscenities than I would like my six year old to hear.  The dining area was dirty.   Worn paint and damaged seating everywhere.  The bathrooms have a gas station feel to them.  The food is low quality, even by Wendy's low standards.  If you must eat here, get it drive through and keep your expectations low.It was my first time for Wendy's and I was not impressed at all.

that being said I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and a cup of there soup of the day. Yuck the soup was canned and terrible. the chicken salad was okay but i looked up the calories on line and it was almost 800 calories for this healthy sandwich.DONT GO HERE.It was $11 dollars for a sandwich and soup and a soda.Went into Tropical Smoothie thinking of the "healthy options"...NOT.  After ordering two chicken wraps and a pomegranate plunge we were reading the Owners pamphlet on his creation of a "healthy cafe."  Then we watched as our wraps came out of a microwave oven.  Upon questioning the cashier about the Microwaving of their food he told us that's the way they do it.  Since they boast about no grills, hoods or other costly equipment to help startup costs for franchisees...so where is the "healthy" in this cafe?  With 45g of sugars coming from turbinado sugar added for a total of almost 89g of sugars in the pomegranate plunge...Run and find your insulin.  If you are looking for a healthy cafe...keep looking and pass the Tropical Smoothie Cafe by.  The only reason this cafe would get one star is that the staff is nice and the place is clean.Love coming to this place but not if the staff is rude. Brianna, fat shaming people won't make you look or feel any better! Won't be visiting this location again unless I know she is no longer working there.Good smoothies... Horrible customer service!! Bunch of kids running this place!!! It's not hard to say hello and thank you it's part of customer service... If you don't like your job... Quit!!! Get a job where you don't deal with people!!!For someone who is completing their Masters degree and studying for Certified public accounting exams, this library is one of the few places I have found that offers a silent space to focus.However my experience is negative as I dread walking in those doors everyday because of the tall security guard who works morning shifts and treats me like I'm 5 years old and watches me like a hawk- loves to tells me what I'm doing wrong when all I am looking for is a place to study. I feel extremely uncomfortable here and slightly harassed. The other- shorter and slightly larger security guard seems to have no problem with me and I do not behave any differently when the different guards are around nor do I disrupt anyone so stop watching me!It's a shame to see this is where my tax dollars are going. I hope this improves soon.Beware of the kids computer area. I am at this library twice a week and the kids there are always cussing and acting inappropriate. The first time I heard them I told a lady in the homework room and she told me to go to youth desk and report it. She did nothing. Told them i saw an 11 year old watching straight up porn from youtube. The manager didn't even go through the history and said it was an accident and he couldn't remember what he clicked on. She told him that they needed to know so they could block it. That's it! This kid intended to watch it and maximized it for a whole 3 minutes. My 7 year old daughter just got an eye full and I am not happy with management's reaction.Do NOT Go here!!! I was completely robbed. My car broke down on the freeway, ended up being my engine. Muhammad (owner! Horrible) told me I could tow it to his shop and they will look at it. Said he would look for the parts needed. He said it would be no charge to hold my car there. Told him I was unsure if I wanted to fix it or sell and buy a new car. He kept giving me the run around on the needed used engine (so he says) for months. Never gave me a price. Finally, I told him I was going to get a second opinion and have it towed elsewhere. Came in person yesterday and he was completely agreeable and OK with it.  Never gave me any invoice or charges due. Today comes and the tow truck tells me he refuses to release my car. Hides my car between two cars, a wall and a palm tree. He starts yelling at me in front of his customers (and my daughter), pointing his finger, calling me stupid and lying about what he told me the entire time. Called the cops who came to mediate.  Mind you, I am a single woman with a three year old daughter. Ended up paying $400 for NO WORK DONE and still had to get it towed. From the beginning, he told em one thing then blatantly LIED to my face.  I offered to get it towed MONTHS ago but he said he was still looking for the engine and if he couldnt find it, no one else in Vegas could. Its my fault for trusting a mechanic, and for trusting HIM. DO NOT BELIEVE ANYTHING HE TELLS YOU! THERE IS NO HONESTY IN THAT MAN'S EYES. No remorse. Next time, I will get it in writing. Make sure you get his lies in WRITING. he will tell you "he gives you his word", well his word means nothing! Better business bureau and DMV compliance will be made aware. I have video of him lying and being completely disrespectful. This is appalling and its disgusting a man like this can run a business. Shame, shame, shame!Service here blows.  Waited twenty minutes in line. Only one cashier.  Second employee didn't even bother to assist.  Go somewhere else.Tried trading in 3 games that cost at lease $60 each when i bought them brand new for GTA5 and WOW, they tried buying my games for $1 each !!! So the game i was supposed to get still cost $60+.GameStop is so unfair seriously.So pricy but when it comes to then buying your game, they're so cheap. Plus the lady had an attitude just because i didn't want to make the deal. Never going there again !Avoid at all costs. I'm a disabled veteran and have stopped here a few times after shopping at the commissary. 2 outta 3 times I felt like my insides were clawing their way out a few hours after eating their food. Someone is either dirty handling the food during the day, or not preparing it properly. Either way, I will not be returning again. Yikes...So I went this yesterday after I called and they said that there was only 2 people waiting in the lobby. When I got there, it was 15 minutes after I called, the waiting room was full. There were about 6 people waiting. What got me mad was that I've been there several times and Im not sure what changed on their charts, they sent my prescription over to the wrong pharmacy. This is after the PA confirmed that the pharmacy I requested to send it over to was down the street.OK so I called them at 7AM to resolve the issue and they never called the other pharmacy. I had to call the correct one and they where able to assist me. This is very POOR customer service. Disappointed because its most definitely in and out urgent care, but this turned me off.Long wait, expensive, and unhelpful staff. Even with an appointment both the actual clinic and the pharmacy have taken forever on all three visits... One time I was even seen in what looked like a medical equipment room then sent back to the waiting room before I could see an actual doctor. Also after being told my insurance covers my visits I was told when I came in for a routine appointment I actually had a huge balance and each visit cost a couple hundred bucks. The insurance lady at the front counter was not helpful or understanding of my questions in anyway she kept telling me it is my responsibility to know my insurance. I do know my insurance and that no where else (and I've lived all over) have I ever paid even half that for the same services.If you are proactive in your health care then this is not the place for youScrew this place I went there to get pain killers for a skin infection that has been KILLING me and all she did was prescribe me ibuprofen and a 150$ anti biotic when she knows I gave no insurance. My cousin had already called in 2 anti biotics for the same thing that came out to about 30$ but I went in to be seen bc I was in excruciating pain and needed a pain killer. Now I have to go back and get a refund on my 60$ she wastedI hate writing a bad review for an Asian-American owned business, but I feel it is my obligation to advocate for future patients who may suffer from neglectful and unethical practices.Everything went wrong from the very beginning. At Medical and mental health clinics, it's not common to find unempathetic and distant desk workers. They somewhat need to act like this as a risk management strategy due to the fact that we now live in the era of HIPPA thanks to Slick Willy. But, the attitude at PROCARE was excessively cold and they facilitate an atmosphere which may lead patients to believe that they are at a for-profit clinic that only cares about billing and not your recovery. Funny thing was that when they found out I was a yelper, they started kissing my ass. Suddenly, HIPPA no longer existed and I was a VIP. My main issue was due to some of the unethical practices. The Dr. did not see me for more than 2 minutes, and made a rushed assessment. I was prescribed a medication which my body had a severe reaction to. I called the next day, and the uninterested front desk worker told me to "take benadryll" and go on with my life. When I explained the severity of the symptoms, she invited me back for a follow up visit, "FREE OF CHARGE". When I arrived the next day, the front desk girl said that I could not see the Dr. unless I paid. Remember that this is a for-profit clinic, and billing and making money is their number one concern. I was in severe pain due to the adverse reaction from the medication, so I just paid the money and saw the same Dr. The Dr. informed me that I couldn't prove that the medication was causing these adverse symptoms and he claimed I had an unrelated virus that was causing my symptoms. He then prescribes me an "anti-viral" drug and sends me on my way. When I went to the Pharmacist, the Pharm.D(Doctor of Pharmacology) told me that the "anti-viral" medication that was prescribed to me was not in any way an anti-viral medication and that I was given false information. She explained to me that the so called anti-viral medication was a steroid used to treat inflammation from drug-induced side effects. The same drug induced side effects I was experiencing from the prescription medication that  PROCARE claimed was not causing the adverse reaction. I now wanted to get a second opinion so I went to my usual MD in Summerlin who told me that the drug originally prescribed to me has side effects which are absolutely relevant to the symptoms I was experiencing(blistering rash, troubles breathing, swelling eyes, flu-like symptoms, swollen lips and tongue). The MD also expressed that the misleading information that PROCARE gave me could possibly have been an unethical risk-managment strategy. I believe the dishonesty and unethical practices are a consequence of the Dr's educational background. I did some research after all of this happened to me. If you google PROCARE's Dr, you will see that he went to an unaccredited medical school which is headquartered oversees, and he got his undergrad in South America. Most states including California, Maine, Oregon, Texas, New York and Indiana declare this medical school an "Institution Whose Degrees are Illegal to Use" or "not recognized or disapproved medical school to practice in state." Nevada is one of the only states that allows graduates from this school to practice. Even the BBC states that the medical school is only operational due to a "loophole which allows them to operate unregulated". These foreign schools recruit many from the US, and present an unaccredited scam-degree. I know from experience, years ago I fell for a scam law program which was headquartered oversees. Every time you see a professional with one of these oversees degrees, just walk away.I am sensitive to the fact that medical doctors do make mistakes and misdiagnose at times, and the Dr. and nurses are actually very nice... but I am more dissatisfied over the  unethical billing procedures where they led me on to believe the follow up appointment was free to trick me into making the 20 mile drive over there.Horrible place to come only thing good about it is that you can walk in. my son is 2 and very sick, when I brought him in I said it felt like he had a very high temp it took them 20 min to take his temp and that's only because I kept bugging them. still sitting here my sons temp over 102f and I had time to send my husband to the store to get him medicine and am still waiting 45 min later. They obviously don't care about their patients!!! And I can't imagine what my sons temp would be if we hadn't gone to get him something to reduce his fever ouThis place is bull s#%£ I had an appointment at 12:00 and now it is 1:00 and I'm still waiting. We have asked them how much longer 3 times and they keep saying your next and now 7 people have gone back. Avoid this place if you can.Don't come here i thought I would be given priority for having an appointment and i was early for it. Been waiting for hours for a simple strep test. You can tell they don't care about their patients and the waiting room is filthy.horrible service! made an appointment, yet still made waiting 1 hour, then kept extending 20 mins, then 20 mins, then 20 mins!!! really?!?!?! if you can not keep the appointment, why overbooked and made people wait???? I ended up walking outWas told at noon that the wait for a urine drug test would be 10-15 minutes. It's now 2:45 and I've seen at least 15 people walk in after me, be seen, and leave. The front desk staff is rude and incompetent. If my company wasn't contracted with procare, I would've been gone HOURS ago. Legitimately sorry to those who choose this office as their primary medical center. I refuse to come back here ever again. If I could give them 0 stars, I would. This is ridiculous.I thought it would've been okay to come here based on the reviews but I was so disappointed. The doctor was very dismissive & condescending. He questioned many things I said because he didn't agree. Also, the facility is dirty. The bathroom is disgusting. For a medical office, you'd think there were cleanliness standards.I had an appointment at 11 am and it is now 12:30pm and I still have not been seen. Why make an appointment if you still have to wait this long? I'm a healthy adult in my 20s and just need a shot, didn't think it would take this long. I wanted to come here because I am Vietnamese and wanted to have a Vietnamese doctor to feel more comfortable. This has not been enjoyable. Waiting and waiting. I respect your time by coming early to my appointment, I expect my time to be respected too... Whether it's a Saturday and I'm not working or not. Will probably be changing my PCP. :-(Even after making an appointment, the last 2 times the wait was close to 2 hours! What's the point of making an appointment?!?!?! And when I asked what was taking so long they finally told me that I had been classified as a walk in. So even if u make an appointment,  u are still classified as a walk in. So no matter what u do, be prepared to wait 2 hours.  In other words, don't plan anything else for that day. Know of any other doctors around here?  I'll definitely change doctors. Not worth the time wasted waiting!Terrible! They deserve 0 stars honestly! I have been here twice, both WITH appointments and still have waited over an hour and a half to be seen. The 1st time Dr. Tran was very rude. I came in for a blood pregnancy test because I wanted to be 100% sure I wasn't pregnant even though i had a negative pee test. (I was over 2 months late.) & there HAS BEEN CASES where a pee test hasn't detected the pregnancy hormone. He tried to get smart with me saying he had never seen a case like that, & I honestly wanted to just be like, "Idgaf what you have seen or not, give me a damn blood pregnancy test and be done with me!" BUT...lol I contained myself and said, "Wellllll, I STILL want one!" He gave it to me and I left. This last time, I walked out. Apparently I signed into the wrong list (drug testing) and I had already waited over 20 minutes of my appointment time which was at 11am. The drug testing guy said, "Don't worry, I'll take care of it." So then I walked up to the LOVELY receptionists and asked how much longer I was gonna wait and one of them while on the phone had the nerve to look at me and slightly roll her eyes and say, "Its gonna be another 45-1hour!" I mentioned I had an appointment and another receptionist which was nicer said she apologized for the inconvenience but that everyone had arrived at the same time. She calmed me down from the other bitch that had snapped at me. If you're reading this BITCH, you need to learn some FUCKING people skills and respect appointment times. That's why appointments are made you STUPID BITCH! I will never be back here again.Been going there for 3 years and had no problems, until NOW. I had my annual bloodwork done 6 months ago for my maintenance medication and I called them it refill my meds and they tell me I have to do bloodwork again. That's ridiculous, Dr Tran office wants to rip you off so he can make more money! I have been on these meds for over 10 years with an annual bloodwork not 3 months, going to another Dr.If I could give no stars I definitely would! Very rude, seems like teenagers working the front. Came in sick, gave my ID & insurance. Gave my cards back & said "we don't accept your insurance, there's another urgent care down the street," Very rudely. Uh okay? Where down the street? Come to find out it wasn't down the street, it was about 6 miles away. Rude rude rude.I have come here for years and the service has deteriorated accordingly.  My experience today.....I will never come here again.  Even if the fountain of youth was discovered underneath Procare Medical Center....I would not go.  If the resurrection was going down at Procare Medical Center.....I would skip it.  If the only safe haven from a galactic solar storm was in a shelter underneath Procare Medical Center in a hardened bunker.....I would prefer to be rendered to a cosmic dust before I go back to Procare Medical Center.  I walked in at 0800 there were two people in the waiting room; a boy and his dad together.  I needed a refill on a  prescription.  I'm called back to the treatment room.  The tech/assistant sets his laptop down and tells me I'll be right back he needed "to help this lady".  He disappeared for 30 minutes.So in that 30 minutes I got to hear the staff discuss the over/under on the Thursday Cowboys/Bears game.  Got to hear how Express gave an extra 30% off of their 50% black Friday sale.  I had the absolute pleasure of hearing the staff discuss a brewing Twitter war between a friend and her baby daddy.  Undisciplined, unprofessional and mis-managed.  So I peek my head out and one of the staff members is sitting in the corner texting.  I go peer into the waiting room and there are now enough people to populate a mid sized Bolivian village.  In comes my tech/assistant who takes my vitals and asks why I'm here.  I had already told him I needed to refill a prescription.  Oh that's right....well we will need to give you a drug test to which I reply "fantastic".  He asked me if I was a professional gambler for a living.  Are you kidding me?  Why not a Cosmonaut or a Porn double?  How random is that?Test taken, hand him  the sample and back off to the waiting room with assurance that the Dr. will be in shortly. 10 minutes...nothing. 20 minutes....nothing. 30 minutes.....nothing. I peek my head out and the same staff member is in the exact same spot texting. 40 minutes....nothing.  Meanwhile the guy next door has seen (I counted) 12 patients.  People being taken care of left and right and I'm here with the door open looking like an idiot.  I asked another staff member to please give me an update on when the Dr. is coming.  The tech/assistant who checked me in is nowhere to be found but ANOTHER 30 minutes go by and finally a PA comes in.  By this time I can't find the words to articulate how pissed I am.  She pulls out her pad and writes the prescription and says "I understand you were back here long"?If she was a man I would be in  Clark County Detention right now.  I could have hit somebody in the mouth so hard they'd have to drop their pants to chew their $%#^$& food.  I was so pissed that I wanted to grab that jar of cotton balls, tongue depressors and Q-Tips that no one uses anymore and smash them off somebody's head.  I literally wanted to walk to that front desk and rip every phone out of the wall, take a dump on both keyboards and slap those Starbucks cups right out of their hands and on the floor.  Take my time destroying their copier and fax and for good measure smash the bio-hazard and blood born pathogen containers and not justify why to anyone.  Dare anyone to ask why and if someone so much as moves a premolar....beat their ass like corn bread batter.  It boils down to this.....the urgent care model is a smart one but unsustainable if unmanaged, unorganized and poorly staffed (training).  I am happy to see Dr. Tran grow his business as a fellow small business owner but with success and growth you have to invest back into the business and ensure your staff and their collective professionalism and penchant for service moves the same way.  That place is about as orderly as a Boulder City dumpster fire.  I will literally donate my testicle to modern medical science before I step foot in that place again.I  had a terrible experience here last nite and I have been coming here for years..... time to find a new urgent care. Anthony at the front desk has an attitude that doesn't know when to quit and when I called the office manager today to complain she gave me excuses and acted like I had the problem. It's tooooo bad, we recommended this place to everyone and we all really like Dr Tran. He is the only reason I gave it one star. We are a family of 5 and used to use this location for everything from colds to dot cards to my son's broken arm. I am over it Thank you Anthony.This place is a complete rip off.I've been here before for a vaccination for a trip I was taking last year. It was my first time here so I payed the consultation fee. I understood it was my first time there and my first trip so I needed all the information I could get. This is the second time I've been here. They have me in the system at this point. I have done my research and know what I need and I have no questions for this trip. They brought me into a room and tried to sell me more prescriptions and shots then are necessary. I told them no thank you and after about 2 minutes I was out in the waiting room. I paid over 200$ for a shot and a consultation. I asked them why I'm being charged for a consultation when they helped me with nothing and I've been here before? They didn't really have an answer. If you need anything make this place your very last resort. They are not worth it. They just want your money. Also they don't take any kind of insurance. Just a heads up.This clinic was not helpful at all. The receptionist took down the wrong address on my information, even though I wrote the correct address on patient information forms. I saw Dr. Pauline Marayonk, first I didn't feel like she was listening. My knee has been in pain for months, I was asked what was my pain level, I stated an 8, and I wasn't prescribed any thing to help with the pain. The medication she did prescribe was not covered by insurance so Dr. Marayonk prescribed something else and sent the perscription over to my pharmacy and failed to inform me. I will never step foot in this clinic again. I felt rushed, unheard and most importantly I didn't feel as if she cared.This place is incompetent.We walked in this morning because my girlfriend hurt her hand. The Mexican girl working the front desk with black, white rimmed glasses was not friendly. She's condescending with her body language and the tone of her voice. Mind you I walked in with my crying girlfriend with blood dripping down to her elbows and this Mexican girl had no sense of urgency. She just stared back with a blank look on her face but I still asked her a few questions but she proceeded to ignore me and train the new girl to her right instead. Since it was a workers comp case they needed a phone call from my girlfriends employer, however I suggested that she needs treatment RIGHT AWAY and I will place my credit card for now until the phone call comes or we can just use my girlfriends insurance. But I was forced to wait because "that's how it is". Then this big black girl calls us up, after waiting for 40mins and says that I CAN PAY CASH FOR THE TREATMENT.  Why did she make us wait for 40 mins to tell me what I suggested earlier was the valid way to go?During the 40 min wait, this overweight white woman in pink scrubs SCREAMS out patient names into the waiting room, basically giving everyone a headache inside. And she instructs patients where to go in a short and uncaring manner. Very annoying to watch. Finally the doctor saw my girlfriends injury and suggested to go to the emergency room instead. So we left and wasted an hour of our morning because of this incompetent front desk. I am a department head of a hotel here in Las Vegas. If any of my employees acted the way these girls did, they would've been sent home and probably suspended. I understand that these girls handle nagging patients all day but that does not mean you should project bad attitude to sick people. Find another day job girls if you are reading this. Please do yourself a favor and find another place to go.This place is a joke!  If I could give zero stars I would.  I called to make an appointment and the lady on the phone said to come right in as I would be seen within 10 minutes.  I hustled over there and had to wait 1.5 hrs to see the PA.  The PA, Adriana Ruiz was horrible! She didn't listen and spent less than 5 minutes with me.  I am confident she had her mind made up on my diagnosis before she even spoke to me.  The office never gave me a treatment plan, didn't have supplies needed, and sent me on the way telling me I would get a follow-up call within 48 hrs.  I never received a call back and I am still dealing with the same issue a week later. I have never received this poor of healthcare in my life.  I will never go back there and I recommend you don't either!!!As a side note I have received care from PA, Pauline Marayonk in the past, who I thought was excellent!I really use to love coming here.  Dr. Tran is the Bomb, however with the growth staff is rude, very loud, and the wait is REDICULOUS!!! Been in room waiting for a Dr. over 30 min.  Smh hope Dr. Tran re-evaluates his staff and business model.Don't let a short wait in the waiting room fool you. They will take your co-pay, and send you back to an exam room where you will have a crazy long wait before being seen by a PA. I waited for over an hour before I decided to get up and leave, all the while listening to the staff argue about taking out the trash. When I initially walked to the back a number of staff members were just sitting around. I sat as I mentioned for over an hour listening to them talk about non-work related things, no talk of anything medical. I got up and left and requested a refund of my co-pay. The receptionist did not apologize, did not offer to schedule an appointment or so much as offer to check into why I was kept waiting for so long. They have a lot to learn about customer service, and I was a repeat patient!This place is a ripoff, they will charge you for everything, make you sign stuff to protect themselves.. Rush your service after waiting endlessly for hours.. Avoid and look for another urgent care if you canThis place is nasty!!  You are more likely to catch something than get a remedy. When you go there Dr. Tran will not see you.  You will be seen by a physicians assistant, and the front office staff all look like they need to bathe.I took my kid to do a sport physical, front desk staff are rude. when we got inside to see the doctor or whoever dose the  sport physical, she made my son take an eye test while blocking the board with her fingers and told us that he failed. they literally just took our money and told my son he failed.Unprofessional staff and setup. I could not find the pharmacy phone number (update your website!) so I called the main office so they could connect me.I was immediately put on hold. 2 minutes later someone picked up and told me to please wait she had to put me on hold! Before I could object I was put back on hold.Another 2 minutes and finally someone talked to me.I asked to be connected to the pharmacy.

First they lost a cashmere sweater (that I only wore once!!) and then a pair of pants that was part of a suit! After numerous whining episodes they reimbursed me for what they deemed was the cost. Apart from that somehow whatever the process they use - they were notorious for cracking all of the shell buttons on my shirts....so needless to say all of my Prada shirts have chipped buttons YAY - at least they have good taste!!

On the bright side I ordered a raspberry Oreo stacker- it's vanilla ice cream, Oreos, fudge and raspberry sauce! This was very good and different but I don't think I would go there just for it.Don't waste your time here !It's 1:29am they told me they are out of Meat and they couldn't sell me anything at all.. I find that hard to believe. Not one thing at all could have been sold to me really.. Place closes at 3 am it's only 1:29.. They need to fix this!! Miami locations never ran into a issue... Get it together!!!Family went here, got food poisoning. It's the only shared meal they had and I didn't eat it myself so I'm just fine. It's sixteen hours after they consumed the disappointing burgers and they are still recovering.I went inside Sunday afternoon. No one at front counter to greet us, dirty tables and dirty floor.

"You haven't even listened to me.  I'm going to have to tell somebody about this."

I don't recommend anyone go to Brakes Plus. But the biggest blow to my ego is that I have to tell my husband he was right. :(A new place that doesn't have it's feet yet. THE GOODS:* Cool décor.

She called before 11am and requested ride at 3pm. She didn't have to be at work until 4pm. It's only 2 miles away. PLENTY of wiggle room. At 3:20 she calls as to why they haven't arrived. Discount stated NO ONE has been assigned to get her yet!  She calls me at work and I call Discount. Same thing. Says system error and causing problems. I tell them I will be calling back in 15 minutes. She has a New Job and is on 90 day probation. Can't be late. She calls again and nothing. Calls me crying she's going to be late. I call again. Discount now trys telling me that a driver came and she was not home. (She stood in garage with door open starting at 2:50pm). Discount then changes that back to no one is assigned to get her after I call BS on that.

Home Build Year:

Who would spend so much money to make such crap, its trite and cheap. Now it seems like everyone knows this and its waiting to be knocked down and turned into something else.Wait for its reincarnation.when you're in vegas for ces and you run into a lot of your colleagues, one of the first questions people ask is "where are you staying"? it's sorta like asking people where you went to college in your early twenties. without fail, everyone giggled or asked, no really, where are you staying. that reaction pretty much sums up my experience at the excalibur. one good thing about the older hotels is that you can open the windows in some of the rooms. fresh air in a hotel is as rare as a snowman in vegas.Tournament of KINGS show SUCKED. DO NOT GO TO THIS SHOW EVEN IF YOU HAVE A FREE TICKET. Yes the fact that dinner is a part of the show is very enticing, but stay away. Not only is the show very boring and noisy sounding, the food is very bland too. For vegetarians, the lasagna wasn't too bad, but the meaty meal was a bland chicken with some bun. The show involved repeated cheers to the "Kings" when they hadn't performed any great feat (as yet). A small portion of teh show had some decent fighting, but lasted for less than 5 minutes. Rest of it was a TOTAL waste of time. Go catch other shows instead. Carrot Top or soemthing.. In short, I do NOT recommend this show.What a dump.  I took my teen son here because someone had said they had a good arcade.  Most of it is midway games like at a carnival, and set up to suck the kids dry before giving them a cheapo toy.  Very few decent machines for gamers.  Biggest impression for me was, no offense, but the crowds there looked like they came right off of the Wal-Mart floor.  Big families, big people, lots of strollers, lots of noise.This hotel even in its heyday gave me the heeby jeebies. For some reason it's always felt claustrophobic to me. Sure it resembles some castle which is supposed to make kids feel welcomed, but trust me, my lil guy doesn't care about that. My lil guy's favorite hotel is The Westin, so seriously, Excalibur just does not do it for him (nor me).The place needs a desperate new coat of paint on the outside. When you drive by on the freeway it just stands out like a sore thumb, looking really ridiculous amidst all the new flashier hotels either already up or on their way to being built.It's definitely cheap to stay here, but why would you want to?Yahhhhh I was here a couple of years ago and was appalled by the hotel.Well, to start off with, I was using the hotel to just store my bags for the day until I had to catch my red eye flight and didnt want to spend a good chunk of my money on The Hotel at Mandalay bay just for 6 more hours.

Staff was pleasant.

-CASH ONLY. we may have overlooked any signage. unfortunately this became a problem when the server didnt give us proper change, and made it seem that I was trying to short him the money owed.

Went to see this guy on a follow up appointment.  Was told by his assistant that I needed to have more blood work done, I was not aware of that.  I told her that I had other test results I would like him to see and discuss, I sent her to him several times with this message, he would not see or speak to me.  I find it deplorable that a doctor will refuse to talk to his patient when that patient has made it more than clear they have questions and I was there on a scheduled appointment.  He did however have the time to take my $45.00 copay, shocker!!!  I feel this doctor is in it for the insurance money and not to be a real doctor.  The office is not so clean and his staff is not so friendly.Initially when I found this guy it was because I was looking to be seen quickly and this guy had openings. (Makes complete sense now.)So you walk into his office and everyone looks terrible. Like this guy is there to treat people for 'hard years'. The staff looks like they have all been sentenced to work there as if they are employed in the 7th circle of Hell.  There are computer printed papers stuck all over the place; dictating various rules. Like no cell phones. No, mail order pharmacies. (Which I found strange since my insurance company required me to use one at the time.) In one visit I saw him get pretty verbal with one of his office staff. To the point it was uncomfortable. Maybe another sign in the office was in order? Perhaps the first rule of Farrukh club is .. no disagreeing with Farrukh..? I surmised that the rules printed and stuck all over the walls were probably each a result of him having a conniption fit over some concept on a routine basis. You check in and you wait. I sat in the waiting room for a solid hour and (I kid you not) nobody went in or out. I finally went up and asked the front office staff what was going on and she pulled me aside and told me (almost as if to warn me) that this happened a lot. It was a similar experience each time I went to see him. I found a different endocrinologist and comparatively it was night and day. If you are reading this because you are considering this guy... run! Run the other direction.For starters for being a Doctor this man has no empathy.  I had a biopsy done with a needle in my neck and he was anything but nice to make me feel relaxed. The girls in the office are very nice  after they have left you waiting for 45min to tell you you can't be seen because of some lie about your lab work. During a biopsy he proceeded to tell me before test result even came back that I had a 50 50 chance that I had cancer and then did not advise anyone for 3 months until questioned by my primary Doctor that the biopsy was inconclusive and would have to take it again. I cannot begin to express my irritation with this whole office and that this man is still practicing.  My primary  doctor was upset and had to step out of the office to talk to them and  was embarrassed that they even refer him to me.I have been a customer for several years. Last week I brought in shirts and my ONLY suit.  Jong always checks in clothes but this time his wife did who does not understand English.  I also never look at my ticket because I trusted him. It was obvious she did not know what she was doing.  My wife picked up the cleaning and there was no suit. I went back with her to pick up a separate order and asked about the suit and explained how I dropped it with the shirts in the previous order.  Jong said he didn't have the suit. He only looked on the computer and said the was no way he had it. I asked if he would look around the store, he refused and became agitated. I was surprised at how quicky he got both loud and mad that I would even question him and that he has NEVER lost any article of clothing.  He said he will not look for the suit and he is never wrong.  I was so surprised at how defensive he got and got in my face and starting yelling at me.i was speechless!! I know it was his wife that lost it.  He told me to go look in my closet.he was so rotten and acted as if he was correct I did go home and look and no it wasn't there.  I called him to tell him and he hung up twice right after he told me I was trying to trick him.  It is a custom suit with my name in it.Basically it then turned into a shouting match and him being very very nasty.

8)  I was told by your night front desk, that the Housekeeping Mgr would contact me, I've had no such call.

when we called to ask when our room would be made up, we were told housekeeping had all left for the day.  They were busy cleaning the rooms for the new guests to check in....Wow!

Of course I signed the waiver that they require, but am not sure if that means that I have no recourse for a ruined duvet. I assumed that a dry cleaner knows how to treat materials - that's why we take things to them, right?

While apologies were made, it made for an extremely LONG and unpleasant event.

Don't waste your time or your money there's a McDonalds upstairs.Bad food and bad service. Don't get the pho. It is flavorless and overpriced. That's typical of most pho on the strip, but I was desperate for some hangover food. Barely ate any of it, but I wouldn't recommend it. Also, the beef noodle soup is the highly recommended dish, but it was disappointing, overly spicy, and I know what good beef noodle soup tastes like! One of my friends got the beef chow fun noodles and it took so long for them to make it, by the time we were almost done eating his dish came it. It was piping hot and greasy, but better than the pho or the beef noodle soup. It's probably safe to say that if I come back, I better be sober and ready for some pan fried stuff to leave satisfied.Remember the Soup Nazi in Seinfeld?  That's what this place reminds me of.  I have been coming here the last 6-7 years.  Service is mediocre on their best day though their food is pretty decent.  (Let me rephrase that... they would not make it as a Chinese restaurant in LA or SF China Town, but it's a good Chinese noodle house given the slim picking in Vegas).  I have put up with their abuse and mediocre service over the years.  My complaints to Venetian customer service had largely gone unanswered.  Still, given the convenience of its location, I have tolerated such bad service, until tonight.In any case, the latest episode took place tonight.  It's 9:30 on Saturday night.  I thought I would try to get a bite by myself.  When I got there, I noticed 2 empty seats at the bar so I walked up and try to sit down.  The hostess promptly kicked me out and told me to stand in the back of the line.  Amazingly, like a well-trained starved puppy, I obediently went to the back of the line and waited for my turn.  As I finally made it to the front of the line, as luck would have it, all the seats the bar are now taken.  I offered to wait on the side as there is now a long line BEHIND me, but of course, the waitress told me I have to go back to the END OF THE LINE, again!  What?  I just went from the back to the front of the line and now I have to stand in the back AGAIN, a SECOND time?  I thanked her and left without eating.When are these people going to learn that at the end of the day, it's still about customer service.  I suppose given that Venetian allows them to still be around, in spite of such consistent and persistent subpar service, someone must be happy with them.  I guess as long as they are paying rents, that's all Venetian cares about.  Either that, or perhaps acceptable customer service does not matter to sleep-deprived gamblers.  Bottom line, if you are willing to be abused and mistreated for a bowl of good noodles, this is the place for you.  If being treated like a human being matters to you, DO NOT COME HERE.This place really suck pho sucks that your service really bad.. Do not come to this place ..Dan Dan Noodles were horrible and Shanghai Noodles were mediocre at best.  Both dishes had very little meat.  Pass on this place.Average food, terrible service - in Vegas you can do much better eating in most other placesThe manager in the restaurant speak nothing to us and then no smile ,  the food is ok ,the restaurant is clean but a very bad service ,I can't understand how can u open a restaurant like that and say nothing to your costumerChive dumplings were ok. Fried rice was bland and too greasy, beef stew was alright, and the chicken ginger noodle soup was very bland and chicken was too dry.I was so disappointed after reading all of the reviews. First off, I ordered the cold spicy cucumbers to start. They were bland and CHEWY. It seemed as though they were prepped days before. I had to send them back. I only had soup after that which was fine. I didn't want to order anything else after being served old food. I definitely will not go back and I work in the building.Had reservations at 1015 pm.  Late by 15 minutes.  Waited 2 hours after that.  Sounds more of a night club than a restaurant.  I was the fool.This place is bland... Szechuan spicy noodle is dark, spicy but NO flavor. I gave it a try because of the many stars. So disgusting. My friend ate wok noodles and they were bland too. Enter at your own risk.Tried to rush us out, waiter who sat us down never returned to us with an answer to our query. Ordered the seafood noodle dish which was bland, cold in parts (i.e. Squid and prawns). Rice porridge was a nice change to the usual Chinese menu and the next server did ask if we whisper for side plates / bowls so we could share our food which was a nice little touch. Small but varied range of beers (three comes to mind). Overall a very disappointing evening, based on a recommendation of a befriended flight attendant.Food is ok, but the service is too bad, refer in particular to the Chinese waiter in the restaurant. Different people, different attitude, I give them the tips, but he worry we don't pay it, sucks，中文说你就是有你这样的华人真是丢脸. I like the Chinese young waitress, so nice.I'm a pretty patient person when it comes to food service, but the service here was exceptionally slow.  It was not like all the tables were filled or anything, it was just the service.  It took quite a long time for the waitress to take my order, then a longer time to get my food.Finally I actually kept track of how long things were taking, and from the time I requested my check till the time I was able to get the check and get out was 20 minutes.I think the only thing I saw that was quick, was when she finally came to pick up the check from me.Just visited this place and left very disappointed. The service is slow, and this place is too loud and pricey. I ordered some Mongolian style bbq, they brought me a bowl of rice and a plate full of onions and 6-8 small pieces of meat, and it costed $19. Plus I ordered a cup of shrimp soup that didn't have any shrimps and costed another $5.Got seated at the bar, menu etc. Another waiter told me to leave and the manager had no backbone to resolve the mess. The food is ok but the place is run poorly.Hostess sat two couples ahead of us while we waited paiently. The beef soup was 1/2 tendon with no mention it was fattly lower quality beef. The soup tasted like it was made with bullion. Wait staff either speaks no English or just didn't care. Manager would not look in my eyes, offer no solution but to refund me. Too bad, wife's prices was pretty good she said.I expected much better from the Venetian. I would recommend staying at the Wynn were the food is better.This is a review for the service and the speed with which they attend to their customers.  Among the WORST I have ever experienced.  If you choose this place make sure you have eons to wait for what is essentially mediocre food.I like the fact that this place is the ONLY place that opens late on the strip. Due to NYC life we eat uber late! As for the choices. I hate to say this but this is by far fast food material. There is absolutely nothing authentic about their dishes. Everything is quick and easy and they charge an arm and leg for the choices you get. The pho...broth taste like boiled water. The pineapple fried rice... Where's the pineapple!? If im paying double digits on this. I best see you serve it in a pineapple to show me that your not using CANS!? The only choice that was decent was the beef stew with noodles. It definitely needs a little veg on the side though.. I don't mean to bash on them. I mean. I have to say they are crazy smart to open a fast food Asian cuisine that charges the same price as an upscale Asian fusion restaurants in NYC. Props to them for banking it. But for a kid who grew up eating nothing but Asian foods in a diverse city. There is no comparison.Food was ok but not great. The service was terrible. We had to send some of the food back because it was cold. (They seemed to be confused because we wanted our soup before the main course.).I ordered traditional mushroom chicken noodle. The soup tastes just like water and the there is no flavor in the noodles. Will never come back again.I ordered the traditional mushroom chicken noodle soup. The noodle was TERRIBLE, they don't have any flavor, so PLAIN. No CHICKEN flavor at all. I kept adding salt, hot sauce and jalapeño to make more flavor. Also the service wasn't that pleasing as well.Went there because my uncle came here 15 years ago and loved it, but let me tell you 15 years is a long time for a place's food to change. The quick service tried to make up for the food, but it wasn't enough. Sorry, but I'd rather go some other place.Extremely rude service.  The waiter practically threw the dishes of food on our table.  The food came before we had plates or silverware placed on the table.  We asked for plates and the waiter snarled that they were coming. When we asked for refills on our drinks, we were ignored.  Staff was disorganized and had no customer service skills.  Our complaints about the service were dismissed by the server and manager.  No apologies from anyone.  This establishment deserves no stars.Not good. Service was sloooooowwwwwwww. I mean, it wasn't even busy crowded. Waiter seemed like he forgot our table of 4's ordered appetizer of shu mai, and to close out the bill. Shu mai was a solid 3, at best. Everything was tasteless. Other server kept insisting on giving ALL our ordered hot steaming pho, congee, noodle soups on one person to hand out to everyone. I mean, come on?! What kind of service is this? Only positive thing about this place is that they're open at 3am.HUGE disappointment -_-Food is terrible and service worst. I ordered orange chicken and it was like gum. The bbq pork and roast duck was even worst. You felt ripped off and being in the middle of hte casino us not a pleasant experience. I got into that place because i saw a lot of chinesse people getting into i though to myself what can go wrong. But unfotunately the place is not worth a penny.We are here this past Saturday. I would not recommend going here, 3 out of 4 of us got food poisoning and were sick the rest of the evening.Very disappointing...had BBQ pork and duck...both were SUPER tough and chewy...pork sauce  overly sweet and duck mostly bone...red hot wonton were no better...just SO SO salty ...not very spicy...bok choy looked 5 hours old...pass on this one...Food was below eating standards. The chicken and the beef were like chewing on rubber bands. the beef did not appear to be cooked all the way through The service was rushed and not personal at all of our food was brought out at separate times I would not recommend this place at all unless you like being dissatisfied wasting money and unsure if your going to end up sick later in the day on your vacationYuck!! Disgusting Chinese food ever!!!!!

"I understand, I'm on your side, that's why I just want to let you know we will just keep your lines open for the length of the contract to save you from paying a cancellation fee."

- Double the costs than I should have (steer clear of any "specialist" options they may throw your way)

I went to Vegas with my girlfriends to celebrate my bachelorette party. I thought it would be fun to have a photo session together before the actual celebration. I found Optionz online, the website looked pretty good, the woman on a phone sounded nice, so I went ahead and bought the "Just Us Girls" package. They told me over the phone that we would have: makeup artists, hair and outfit stylists to prepare us for  2 hr photo session. Also, we could choose few pictures to be touched up and have CD with all the picture right away ( total price $502.66)+ for $35 extra we would be provided by Optionz limo to bring us back to our hotel.

2. You will be nickle and dime TO DEATH (ON EVVVVERYTHING)Terrible!   Super expensive for a rundown hotel.  Poor service with staff making terrible decisions.   Water park is so crowded we went to another pool.  Not enough chairs anywhere to accommodate guests.   Everybody I talked to shared my feelings on this resort.  We are checking out early and heading to another resort....buyer beware!   Find another resort!Ummm...  This is NOT a 4 Star resort as many sites suggest.  2 or 2.5 perhaps?  Never - NEVER a 4.  Our room was dirty.  The tub didn't drain.  We found bugs.  The fridge didn't get cold.  The floor was filthy/carpet stained.  No patio furniture - as all the hotel photos suggest.  Did we have a private balcony?  Yes, no chairs though....  Old fashion - non-HD TV's.  Very dated and in need of TLC.  It is weird, because the website said it was newly remodeled?  Maybe 10 years ago.  I wouldn't go back, and would not recommend it.  The water park was nice though, but the onsite restaurants blew.  Terrible food, terrible service.if we'd checked out one day early i would have rated this place about 3.5 stars.  unfortunately on our last night the fire alarm was pulled at 1:45am and remained on at earsplitting volume for more than 10 minutes, long after the front desk had already assured me it was a false alarm.  then the next morning we found that someone had thrown a glass mug through the back window of our car, completely shattering it.  the police came and security broke out the remainder of the window and vacuumed our car but that was it.  we drove home without a back window.there are only three reasons to stay here:

... we just moved back to Gilbert, my husband and I were excited to go skating once we found a good date day opportunity.Except when we got there....he CAN'T go skating...WHY? Because his feet are too big. HR wears a size 15, and this rink cuts their sizes for men off at 13.5!

Unfortunately I don't have the receipt of my order to verify of there was a tax charge or not.To the clients:

3 weeks ago I mailed another important letter to the state health department. 8 days letter it was returned as "undeliverable" even though the address was perfectly clear and taken from the state health form. I called the state and got a non PO box address and re-mailed it the next day. Today I called the state health department, and they still have not received it, nor has it been returned. Tomorrow will be 2 weeks since I re-mailed it.

With a crappy attitude, he said "what's your claim number"." I didn't get one", I said."Did you call?", he asked

The food comes out nasty looking, smashed, looks like it's been sitting for a while.....fries are either cold or way over salted!!!

After I wrote the above review I decided to take my used merchandise out and see if it fly's. While pulling out the propeller's a ball of purple died black hair fell out from around them and it irritated me so much I looked up and called a customer service number on line to see if I could get any response. They told me that the general manager of the store would be calling me within 48 hours. Well that timeline came and went. so the pure fact is that this was a used product with propellers that had tangled up some dyed hair and the box had torn up packaging inside with scuff marks on the propeller. I will say that after the timeline came went when I realized that the manager wasn't going to call me back nor anybody else for that matter the drone does fly but I can think the phantom two for that not fry's. Fry's management, this situation speaks for itself.Don't Shop Here!!! Bought an $800 tv. No help to car even though they were supposed to help load it. Got it home, opened the box & tv was clearly used. They tried to pass off a used, reboxed, scratched tv as brand new. Never told us it was a restocked or returned item! Had to drive 30 mins back to store. No help carrying tv in. No apologies. They said they had one more in stock. Brought out another "new" tv. The box looked like it had been thrown down stairs and attached by tigers. No thank you! Staff was rude, unhelpful, and told us lies! Great that their business is doing so well that they let an $800 sale walk out unhappy. Way to go Frys...I WILL NEVER SHOP HERE AGAIN!So I was Christmas shopping with my family and as my brother was looking for headphones I was told that frys electronics price matches online, so as he found a decently priced set of headphones I tried to find the best deal and looked on Amazon as to my surprise I found the same headphones online for 40$ as opposed to 120$ so to my surprise I asked an associate who continued to help me, but the whole time he was talking to me had this absolutely rude tone with me as if I was trying to rip off the store or something, he was trying to explain the process of what he was doing which made complete sense to me but he did it in such a rude manner that it seemed as he was talking down on us... To my surprise when he looked up the price it was higher then we realized I found a refurbished price which made sense as to why I found such a cheap price, but it was an absolute horrible experience I admit I made a silly mistake but the whole time talking with him he made me seem like a criminal.... Definitely unhappy with this customer service I'm still upset about it I've never had a problem with the associates there until now... Probably the most unpleasant  experience I've ever had .2 weeks before Christmas we purchased a "hover board " at the Phoenix Frys.  We went there because the online site said the one we wanted was only available in store, it was not. I have had a problem with returns at Frys in the past, so in the store we purchased the available hover board and asked the manager of that department if it was returnable,  he assured us it was as long as it had not been used.  We asked the cashier when we paid for it,  she said the same thing.  We ordered the one we wanted at their online store and crossed our fingers it would get here in time for  and it did !!!!  Today I went to return the original unopened one at the Tempe store (closer to home, still  10 miles.  A very large employee indicated I was next.  As soon as I stepped up he told  me there was no return on that item,   WHAT ????  We are talking $379.00,  I told him we were assured it was returnable.  He said we signed a statement that we knew it was not returnable and it was posted all over the shelves.  I asked to see my signature ,I would not have bought it knowing it was not the one we really wanted.  He said he would check with someone  He waddled to the other side of the shelving and came back and said he would not take it back to take it to Phoenix store, he didn't want it ( 17 miles away )  I asked for the manager and Mr. Garcia said he was the manager.  So I drove all the way to the other store where Shawn the manager went out of his way to help me.  He told me the return on that item changed AFTER I purchased it,  if the other man had actually wanted to help and provide good customer service instead of flexing his muscles that he was in control and could control that return.  If he had checked my receipt he would have seen the date but he did not want to, and I would not have put 40 extra miles on my car and lost 2 hours of my day off.  Mr. Garcia, what goes around comes around,  Karma will get you.,WOW!! I am the QUEEN of online shopping...always order online and pick up at the stores!! Saves sooo much time...EXCEPT HERE!! I was SHOCKED at their process!! Everyone needs to know before they take the time to online order their method!!

"has anyone taken you back?"

My family and I visit this area regularly and will be returning in a few weeks.  As convenient as this restaurant is to our usual hotel, we'll drive a few miles down the road to eat someplace better.

To bad as we kinda liked the place.Went yesterday for the first time. It was Valentine's Day on a three day weekend. The wait staff was swamped and UNDER staffed. The line to get drinks was ridiculous. When we finally got our beers they were WARM! Once you ordered food it took over an hour. The real problem for me was the staff. I get it your busy and the establishment is obviously poorly managed and shame on them for not being prepared. They should have at the very least acknowledged people...."hi, I'll be right with you" can make such a difference. The patrons all around were disgruntled and made for an overall awkward experience. I would go back and give it another shot because we didn't even get to eat because our party wasn't up for the ordering challenge. It was a mess there!We would have loved to try the food again but no one came to take our order even after telling the hostess. We left after 15 minutes.  Too many young workers who don't know what they are doing.Bad Bad place and Bad service we came with a group with more than 20 people and the fucking excuse of them was no service for us because they don't like to receive a big orders unbelievable!!!!!!my best friend bring me to this place for me to admire and enjoy food I'm coming from California and what a big disappointment I will never come back and I will never recommended to nobodyUpon arriving to this restaurant, I was hopeful this place would be fun.  This was not the case at all. My group and I walked in, sat at a table, and waited, waited, and waited some more, before I got up and walked over to a server, only to be told they didn't have enough food to serve. I was told we had to wait for the cooks to "catch up" to their "orders," before they could determine if we could place any food orders. I asked politely if we could place a drink and/or water order, and she directed me to the bar. She told me I had to do that myself. Needless to say, my group and I left very dissatisfied, very disappointed, and very unhappy.  By the way, I asked to speak to the manager as we were leaving and he did come out to speak to me but never really addressed the problem. No customer service, no thank you. I will never return again.I'd really wanr to like this place.  It's close to home, and a short bike ride down the bike path.  This is my third time here.  First time was lunch and I enjoyed the tacos, but they took over 40  min with three small groups.  The second visit, the place was closed as they ran out of food on presidents day.  Today, the kitchen appears to be overwelmed.  Nice owners, but they really need to figure out the service.  Three strikes for me...Back to Babbo??This place looked really fun and cute when we first got there.  It was our first time there so we sat ourselves and waited for bout 15 minutes and couldn't get anyone's attention to order drinks or at least water.....things just got worse from there, we ended up leaving because not only were we told that we had to go order our own drinks at what I'm assuming was the bar, but there were not going to be able to serve us food because they didn't think they had enough and it was too late to order.  ( mind you it was only 9pm)... .I get that you can run out of food, I'm assuming they didn't prepare for a Friday night, but the fact that management didn't even apologize because they were too busy acting very annoyed, just really showed their lack of good customer service and professionalism.  A true disappointment, their loss.....I drive by this place every morning on my way to work. I thought I'd give it a try since it looked like a fun atmosphere. Went there on a Saturday at 5 PM. It wasn't too busy and got seated immediately. After waiting over 15 before a waitress acknowledged us. We just ordered waters and wait on the beers till the meal. Another 15 minutes passed and we still didn't get our waters or our order taken. Needless to say, we left. 30 minutes wasted. Dear Owner, Fix your shitty service.We've been back 5 times since my first review. Three times as dine-in customers and 2 times getting take-out. Each of the 5 times since the initial visit at least one person has ordered the crispy beef tacos and they've been consistently overcooked. It's a delicate balance, I get it, but that's their business: make tasty tacos.I would have knocked them a star or perhaps two for the inconsistency but the reason for a revision to one star is the asinine seating policy.  If there are 8 tables open they won't seat you because that's how the guy throttles his kitchen flow. He admitted that's how he keeps his kitchen order-level even. I asked to be seated and mentioned that we'd drink a couple beers and maybe eat some chips while we waited for our food. He told me that he doesn't do that because the kitchen would get backed up with orders. How about this for a strategy: have your host explain the limited capability of your small kitchen and thank your guests in advance for their patience. Seat them, serve them drinks, chips or some pre-prepared tapas-type item to keep them from getting restless.Train your host staff to communicate effectively and provide the appropriate context about the operational capability of your kitchen. It's tiny - we understand - what we don't understand the the complete idiocy involved with the policy to not seat customers as a way of controlling order flow.Tried it twice because I really wanted to like it but the food is just HORRIBLE. No flavor, undercooked rice, sloooow service. Won't try it again, unfortunately. It had a lot of potential with the setting, the kitchen is just a mess.Took the family, 2 adults, 15 and 13 year olds.  Upon arriving they gave us a beeper and said it would be very quick within minutes to seat us.  We were happy to sit in or out, which ever became available the soonest.  I noticed people being seated before us that had arrived after we had gotten there. After the wait of about a half hour my husband went to check on our seating status. The hostess had never taken our name so we were put out back to waiting.  We were seated outside at a dirty table in which I asked the server to wash which she never did.  She had explained she was new there, only three days, when we asked the price of the margaritas she quoted us between two and three dollars. As we expected when we received the check they were $5.50.  I ordered three tacos with chicken, my son ordered the fish tacos, my daughter ordered the taco bowl and my husband ordered a steak sandwich.  The bill with tip came to over $70. The three tacos that I received were literally 3, 2 bite size soft tacos with tiny cubed pieces of chicken. It was laughable!  The chicken was hard-to-find buried underneath a load of shredded lettuce and cheese it came with no sides. My sons fish tacos looks equivalent to the size of mine and he hammered those down within five minutes. My husband sandwich was nothing to write home about it was just OK,  and on the small side. My daughter liked your salad bowl which was $10.99.  It's a good idea for families because of the outdoor seating volleyball court in the playground area but children are running around wild and unsupervised while their parents sit at the bar. I need to mention that when my husband ordered a margarita The hostess came to our table 4 times to ask if we had gotten that yet. It finally had arrived just before the meal was served.The only reason why I give this place one star is because the server was kind but not properly trained. I have to give her credit for checking in with us repeatedly for the margarita and offering us chips and salsa.  Expect to pay a lot for bite-size tacos.The owners sister in law ruined our experience. This place is a total joke, been here 10 times and the service is ALWAYS HORRIBLE. The food is good if you can wait the hour to get it. This is a family place.... Right?? This is the last trip to this place, they have no clue on how customer service works. I met the owners on my first visit, really liked her.... Her spirit is dead when she's not there. The manager is clueless and I truly feel good about this one going out of business because it will with the attitude of the staff. I will let EVERYONE I KNOW to avoid this place for good. One customer, one shitty employees attitude and boom never again.Tried this place twice.  First time they ran out of their beer on special.  Second time they ran out of beef for their tacos.  (Shouldn't that be one of their main ingredients?)  They asked my son if he would do chicken instead, in which he reluctantly agreed.  When they brought the food out, they had my daughter's order wrong and gave her something with steak even through she HAD ordered chicken.  Rather than offering the messed up order to my son since the steak would have been a better substitute, they just took it back.  The rest of us had already finished our meal by the time my daughter's correct order came.   No apologies, no credit for anything on our bill.  Overall bad experience.I just left this place and can't believe how terrible the customer service is. We arrived at 5 pm ordered food and drinks. At 6:15 another server came to us and said they lost our order so we reordered thinking it would come out immediately. After about 10 minutes our original server came back and took our order again. I decided this was a lost cause so we spoke with the manager. She of course couldn't say anything other than sorry. The food is good but the service sucks bad.  I can't believe how stupid these people are. I don't normally complain but there isn't one intelligent person working there. I hope they figure out the service issues because the food is good and the dining is a great concept.Horrible service, I can't rate the food because we didn't get any... they "forgot" to bring us the food, however they brought us the bill and asked if we needed boxes. We sat and waited for an hour (the first and only customers for 15 minutes ) asked for a manager, one never came out, and we still had to pay!  Our food was boxed and ready when we decided we had been there long enough, the cook had it bagged and handed it to the bartender which had us pay because we now had our food... we definitely won't go backWe went today for lunch and waited 40 minutes and still didn't even have our drinks.  The waitress told us that they only had 2 people working...I keep seeing this on yelp, not enough help. They need to hire more people! !!Very disappointing. Ramen stock had no flavor at all--watery. We had the miso ramen, but I guess they forgot to add the miso!? Cha Shu tasted like medicine..not freshly made. I've been to every ramen place in Vegas, and many in Japan for years, this is not ramen. Save your money and buy top ramen at Smiths for a quarter. We told the waitress the ramen was watery and her reply was that we didn't know what we were talking about. Would have complained in Japanese, but she wouldn't have understood, she was Chinese. 残念！ So maybe this is the Chinese version of ramen, whatever it was it was terrible!I came into this ramen place because it say 4 star on yelp my Husband order a house special ramen he took one bite of the pork and it was bad the pork was old and green it look like the pork been left out too long we give back the order and she end up charging us for the ramen that my husband only took one bite and give it back to her... they never offer to make us a new one or anything.....me and my husband eat out alot  this I must say is the worst restaurant we come across..let this be a warning to everyone even thinking about eating at this place save your money don't do it...........they are alot of ramen place out there and this is the worst of them all don't go repeat do not go!!!!!!!!We picked this place based on the reviews and were sorry. The one good thing was the bread. The garlic knots needed flavor. The chicken with eggplant was salty and not as tender as I would have liked. We did not like the sauce on the spaghetti side dish. Would rather have had Ragu. Was very disappointed with the tiramisu- soggy without flavor and too much chocolate. Will never go back.Good service but I'm rating it with a one star because the food was not very good, especially for the price $$. For appetizers I ordered some sausages, cold in the middle, they brought me another order of them but they just weren't good, very dry. And I got fried zucchini, no Bueno either. For my entree I got chicken parm which wasn't bad but like I said too $$, you could go to Olive Garden and be more satisfied. Oh! their bread was good so the pizza may be on point but I didn't try?I was excited to see that they are going to open a new Popeyes but it only takes one time to ruin me from going back there ever. The reason I gave them a one star is because they have their own way of running their store. I asked if they have the TUESDAY SPECIAL and they said they don't, so I asked why not and they basically told me they just don't. I told them that if they were on the strip of Vegas I would understand that, because most most places they wouldn't have the special but they are off the strip. If you want to get the TUESDAY SPECIAL go to the one between Maryland Pkwy and Tropicana Ave. That Popeyes at least understand how to run their store and how it's suppose to be by the book and the rules.   Even though that other Popeyes is very busy they have good customer service not like this new place I drove by next to 99 cent store and will never go to that one. This Popeyes I bet don't even care. With this type of reviews his business location will not survive. Not so good luck to you so far.  I'm gonna make sure everyone in my twitters and Facebook peps will be notified.Been in the drive through for 20 min with just 2 cars in front of me. Didn't even want what I ordered anymore. Just drove past the windowThis location has slow service. I noticed a worker was prepping about 5 orders BEFORE calling out the numbers. Instead she should've called out EACH order as they were completed. Long unnecessary waiting. NOT GOING THERE AGAIN!!!Horrible service at this location. They'll either give you the wrong food, cold food, make you wait, or just not have food available. Not going back.This is the worst Popeyes I have ever been to. Their biscuits are hard and relatively tasteless compared to the fluffy and buttery Popeyes biscuit to which I have become accustomed. It doesn't even taste like they are using the Popeyes recipe. The staff is not well-trained and is not polite. The chicken doesn't taste quite like Popeyes chicken. I have tried this location three times since it first opened, hoping the overall experience with improved. Three strikes and you are out! No moreDon't expect this crappy location to have honey in stalk. If they do, the employees are too lazy to look for it when you ask anyway.I wanted a dessert on the go and something really cold to drink so I ordered the Caramel Espresso. What I got was an Iced Cafe Latte and it took forever to make it... as he took three other orders and had conversations with three other employee during this whole process. What I got was a cup of iced milk. There is nothing Coffee or Espresso about this drink and clearly the person that took my order had no desire to make what I actually ordered. My friend ordered the Iced Cafe Latte... and also got a cold glass of milk on ice. Thanks for making my lunch and shopping experience at the Biltmore Blah! Word of advice for your employees: customer service is what brings business back in even if it's just a cold beverage on a hot day!I waited with my dad for about 20 minutes for two crepes. We were expecting yummy crepes since that is what they are known for and they were dry with no flavor. Definetely will not be going back.Unfortunately the service was horrible and I was only there to pick up an order... it took me 15mins to get there,but the order had not been started prior to my arrival, so I waited inside for another 15mins. when my order was ready, the staff person slid me the stack of containers and asked if I needed a bag. I said "please".. they gave me a bag to bag it myself. -_-We were disappointed with this new McFarland restaurant.  We ordered coffee, monte cristo with soup and hashbrowns, and the Philly cheesesteak with soup and fries.  Our coffee was not refilled once.  The soup was an odd yellow gelatinous bowl off goo.  Definitely out of a frozen bag.  The fries were inedible and the hashbrowns were undercooked.  The monte Cristo was soggy with odd tasting syrup.  The Philly was the only good thing.  The service was odd.  Our waitress made us uncomfortable with her inappropriate comments.  Back to the Squirrels nest for breakfast we go.*****UPDATE***** they didn't like that I posted a negative review so they saw fit to post my personal info ( that I gave them when I tried to book an appt ) Publicly .  Please don't do business with them . Apparently if they hear bad things they go to illegal measures .This place had very rude customer service from the get go . I had purchased a voucher with living social to use them and attempted to schedule with them . When I attempted I found I could not contact anyone directly . They also had no verified email ( it was a gmail account ) , No BBB affiliation , and no direct phone number . - No customer service . The initial email was very rude and Living Social ( whom I booked them through ) immediately gave me my refund . I could also see on living social that this company didn't have a very high approval rating either . When I did attempt to give feedback , I got a nasty email back basically telling me "how dare you ! " . While we all don't like to hear the bad news sometimes , its important to take it and grow from it . However this person .... or probably the owner  ...was nothing but rude and unprofessional in their entire manner and correspondence. I had to lecture them on keeping the interaction professional and being decent . PLEASE . DONT BOOK THESE PEOPLE AND SAVE YOURSELF A HEADACHE .Very disappointed. I Ordered Pad Thai to go. There weren't any peanuts, 3/4 of the bowl was sprouts, I could barely find the cabbage and did not taste any form of sweet chili or cilantro. It's basically a bowl of dry noodles, little egg, few carrots and sprouts. Eat next door at Panera or Chili'sMy co worker and I visited this location shortly after it opened.  We were puzzled when the chicken soup did not feature chicken unless you paid extra. The service was awful and the staff looked like the were from a prison work program.  I visited the website listed for providing feedback.  I gave my opinion and did not hold back. My co worker did the same. Needless to say, we never heard back from anyone although we gave consent for someone to contact us.

If she had DONE HER JOB and ran our insurance the day of the visit or even the day before we could have been notified that they no longer accept our insurance and we wouldn't have been seen. I have worked in the medical field for many years, and when its YOUR MISTAKE you make it right and dont try to punish your customer. I have called to speak with the billing manager and she is no help. I have even called to speak with Dr. Akles herself and I'm sure that message was not passed along. Now I will be making a personal visit to their office now that they have turned a $200 visit in to collections for $360. I also will be making a Better Business Bureau complaint against kidfixers as well as voice this complaint on social media and other business review outlets.

THe prices are steep, however I figured the food would be worth it.

Regular brisket - looked & tasted similar to beef jerkey,Pulled Pork - Acceptable, but not outstanding, we've had better at most places in Phoenix & Gilbert.

i am 44 years old and this was the most weirdest things i have ever gone through.

2) The surly guy who stood in the kitchen sneered, then began cooking my order. He later served it to me as if I were a convict in a prison cafeteria line.3) The food itself, which was supposed to be *sesame* chicken but looked like sweet and sour (*red* sauce?), wasn't the worst Chinese I've ever had, but it was darn close. That's three strikes. You're out, Beijing.Cold food delivered an hour and 15 min after we ordered it.....at least it was bland.....1st and last order here.Everything tasted like it was cooked in a crock pot, everything is bery stewy.  Very disappointedWhat happened to this place?  The prices went up, the food got bad.  It was so bad the last 2 times I went here.  I am so sad to see them taste like all of the other Chinese Fast Food places.  The fried rice was greasy and no flavor.  Not returning.This evening, my wife and I went to Beijing based on her experience ordering food from them for lunch this past Friday.  I tried the noodles she had for lunch and found them quite tasty.  Fast forward to this evening's experience.....a) I have never went to a Chinese restaurant that wasn't Panda Express where I placed the order at the counter when I was eating in.  We had to order our food before we could sit down.b) The egg rolls were tasty but the steamed broccoli and chicken I ate was quite cool in some spots.  When notified, they did warm it up.  However, the rice was also not warm.  I tried my wife's fried rice and it was better but seemed to be missing something.  c) The food was served in paper plates.  Want silverware?  You had to go to the counter for that.  Drinks were served in styrofoam cups.c) I happened to turn my head and noticed that the green beans were being prepared upon a public table.  Can we say potential health code violation?d) When we were leaving, we were reminded to take our own trash to the garbage can by the front door.With that said, the chances of me returning to dine here are pretty much slim and none.I have ordered from here many times, service has never been great but food was ok. Until today. I ordered orange chicken which is usually amazing but today there was a problem with it and I called to complain. The lady who took my call was so rude that she even hung up on me. She insisted on picking up the remaining food in order to get a refund. Won't be going back ever again.Do not eat here!!! The tables where ALL dirty I had to wipe it down myself. The container where the plastic spoons & forks was also dirty. The customer service, we'll if you want to experience the stereo typical rude inconsiderate asian here is your opportunity. The food was served in paper plates. When we finished our meal we where yelled at, that the trash can was behind the counter, to bus the table, even though two employees where just standing there. RUDE, RUDE, RUDE!!!If i could give it negative stars i would.   When this place first opened it was awesome.   Over the last 6 months it's gone downhill.  We haven't had it for about 6 weeks and then ordered delivery tonight.   The food showed up and chicken was cold, dry and overcooked, the pan fried dumplings were hardly warm and were soggy, the low mein had a bunch of wilted lettuce in it, and the sweet and sour sauce was coagulated.   It was literally like jelly.   We called and spoke to the manager, she said they're not replacing our order but instead said (no BS) "box it all back up, someone will come get it" and hung up on me!   All i gotta say is you lost a LONG TIME customer, not to mention I will be sharing this experience with my neighbors and family close by.   All you needed to do was show a little customer service and not be so condescending.This was an all around terrible experience. From the surly staff to the styrofoam cups , extremely small flimsy plastic utensils, paper plates.  The hot and sour soup was tasteless. The pork fried rice tasted like it had been cooked in rancid oil.  Listverse really didn't you can write one star. One of the worst Chinese restaurants I've ever been to.We were very hungry for Chinese tonight and had driven by this restaurant for years so we finally decided to try it. Looked at the menu, called to order (the guy on the phone was rude and seemed like we were wasting his time) and went to pick it up. The lady at the counter said that the prices were higher than they had listed because they changed their prices. Weird. Paid anyway because we were super hungry. I got shrimp with lobster sauce which I cannot believe anyone could even eat. It was shrimp in a soup tub of congealed clear goo. I've never seen lobster sauce clear. And I'm asian. There was absolutely no flavor. When I'm hungry, everything is usually delicious. Not this time. Not for almost $11 for this dish alone. My friend got lemon chicken which I tried a piece of it. It came with a container of jelly again. The chicken was kinda like katsu chicken, but so flat that i wasn't too sure if there was any chicken. Just breading. So disappointed. The rice was the only thing edible. The lady at the counter looked like she was the owner and couldn't care any less so we just threw the food away instead of calling. Stay away from this place!Worst Chinese food I have ever eaten.  This place is dirty and the food was bland.  They served basamati rice instead of regular rice.  I would never eat here again.Had the very unfortunate instance to try this place for the first time last evening.  I had been to the little Deli next door so decided to try some takeout.  Ordered the pan fried dumplings, pork fried rice, and Moo Shu chicken, bill was almost $30.  Arrive home and was excited to try the offering.  Opened the dumplings and found (6) soggy shriveled blobs of greasy nothingness, the meat gob inside had an indescribable "taste". Opened the "Pork" fried rice but to describe this as a protein dish would insult the pig, in a small order there was maybe 10 minuet pieces of BBQ pork, and drenched in the most tasteless brown sauce ever.  NOW we get to the MOO SHU CHICKEN, this abomination was so "nothing" that the only thing that had any flavor was the "pancakes" that you used to wrap it in.  Once again to call this a protein dish is to insult the chicken, the meat was tiny slivers and mixed in what appeared to be a diced and sliced mixture of greasy lettuce and cabbage and drenched in the that "famous brown sauce". I contacted the restaurant and asked to speak to the owner/manager and was transferred to a female who advised me she was the manager, i told her how terrible the food was and that it was uneatable and I wanted my money back.  She responded that if i wanted my money back i would have to bring back the food to insure that we hadn't eaten it.  She didn't try and offer a replacement or even suggest that this might be an anomaly that evening and they would like to keep us as a customer.  Since all of the containers had been opened i deposited every single morsel in the brown bag it came in and took it back to the Manager, she wouldn't even talk with us and had someone else handle the return.

Got my money back!I never had a problem with this place until today when they messed up my order. They must've had a dumb new cook today or lazy one. I usually order the Pineapple fried rice and my boyfriend gets the yellow chicken curry which comes with white rice. I call and place an order for pick up for the Pineapple fried rice, blueberry boba smoothie and yellow curry. My boyfriend picked up the order and when he brought it home we looked in the bag and the box of white rice was missing. They forgot the rice! Then he was mad and left out to go back to the place to tell them. Meanwhile,  I'm at home eating and as I was looking through my Pineapple fried rice THERE WAS NO PINEAPPLE.  I searched from top to bottom all over..no pineapple. HOW THE HELL DO YOU FORGET PINEAPPLE IN AN ENTREE WITH PINEAPPLE BEING THE FIRST WORD AND INGREDIENT? That's like ordering a pepperoni pizza but they forgot to put the pepperoni on it.  Or a cheeseburger and they forgot the cheese wtf.     Unfortunately it was to late to do anything because I already ate through it and my boyfriend came home with his rice, so I didn't want to call or have him make another trip back there. I'm upset and all it takes is one time for a restaurant to screw me over and I'm done forever. The whole meal caused $27 but was missing the most important ingredient in my favorite dish. The only good thing was the blueberry boba smoothie which was delicious and tasted like real blueberries, hopefully they used the real fruit. I usually cook but they definitely lost a good customer so I'm gonna make my own Pineapple fried rice at home. It's a simple recipe. USE PINEAPPLE. I was so upset that I downloaded this yelp app and had to write this review and I usually never do this but today I had to because of the retard who made my food. VERY DISAPPOINTING AND WILL NEVER GO BACK.I showed up at 12:30 Tuesday September 8, the day after Labor Day, to a sign on the door saying they're closed for the holiday. It says they'll be open on Tuesday but they're not. Not a soul to be found; the door locked, the lights off...nothing. I totally understand being closed for the holiday. But if you put a sign up saying you'll be open Tuesday, be open or change the sign. I won't be returning to see how the food is.You know a place is not doing so well when they offer deals that are too good to be true. Free eggroll with yelp check-in and buy one get one free drink? We paid less than $10 and ended up with 2 drinks and a box of eggroll. SERVICE

even with a reservation made a week prior we walked in to be told the choices in rooms were limited. There is no pool & the place could use a renovation.

-many prices missing from drinks list.  Boyfriend's beers were $12 EACH which was a shock when we got the bill!

The manager than came out with our food and then we asked her when is the he kids food coming out? She said "I only have two hands" Rude! NEVER EVER GOING BACK THERE! Worst experience ever!##We are now down to zero stars if we could. There was another incident between the last event and this one. After tonight we will never be back. Worse service ever. 45 minutes to get food without an explanation.  Both sides were cold. When they brought it out they then said our plate had been dropped so they had to make a new meal. However, our sides obviously were not fresh. When the plate had been dropped they should have told us then so we would not have been getting upset waiting. The Mac was so runny and that same manager lied again "it's a new macaroni". Third lie from her.  The macaroni was literally soup. She half assed apologized and offered to comp our meal. Then asked if we wanted anything ask. My husband ask for a water. She said she would get it. She never brought it. When we got the bill she did comp the meal except his beer and literally said "oh sorry about the water". Are you serious?  Is this ok from your corporate office?  The event prior to this one is another long story involving the food being wrong and her lying. But whatever, we will NEVER be back.The WORST service from a server we have EVER had!  Absolutely terrible! She was pleasant at first, but I told her my kids' apple juice tasted watered down and she said 'it's out of a can'...meaning it shouldn't taste bad.  She accepted the drinks back and gave us an alternate and that was fine. From this point forward this is where it gets BAD...

We arrived with a reservation tonight, a Tuesday, it was packed! The place is exactly as described in the prior reviews...its a time warp its stuck in the 1960's , not a bad place to be --kind of cross between my Dads old Basement office and a run down previously fancy supper club.We did sit for quite a while before anyone approached our table. Our waitress was friendly and took our drink orders and informed us of the specials this evening. We had 5 people in our party. We ordered a varied amount of the specialty items (steaks) off the menu. The salad , which is served plain is accompanied by a nice tray of fresh vegetable and very good homemade salad dressing. It was a long stretch of time though between our drinks and our salad. Next the steaks arrived..My husband had the 6 oz filet...medium rare, My daughter the Ribeye, rare, my daughters fiance had the Sirloin well done and our other friend had the Shrimp Scampi. I ordered the 30.00 New York Strip, encrusted with Horseradish sauce.-----RARE. Well ,my steak was medium at least..if not to the well done side. I cut it in half right away, to stop the cooking process..it was about 15-20 minutes until the waitress came back around to ask how everything was when I informed her of the doneness of my steak. She took it back and said she would have a new for me. Everyone continued to eat at my insistence..although I didnt think that a RARE steak would take too long. Well 25 minutes later my steak came out...I immediately cut into it --starving and salivating! Medium----AGAIN...The owner came up behind me and said..how is your steak I was told it was to well done the first time...He looked down and said...Uh Oh ..this is not RARE..And he picked it up and said it would be replaced and I would not be charged. Another 20 minutes went by..the steak that came back was okay ..medium rare and small and very very grisily I ate about a third of it and it had to spit out four mouthfuls because I could not chew it. The creamed spinach that I got with it was not good..it was cold when I received it and the flavor was not creamy or good. The steak was taken off my check..but for a place named "BEEF AND BOTTLE" I think this was a Faux Pas! I will not be returning and now when I pass this weird little place on South Blvd I will be glad I am not wondering anymore.....Over rated.Drinks and Food are over price.Heard many good things about this restaurant and saw a Living Social deal so we decided to give it a try. We made a reservation for Saturday at 5:30 for a party of four. Greeted by the staff and had a great waitress. My husband and friend ordered the French Onion soup suggested by the server who said it was great but "takes a while." Those who ordered it enjoyed it.All of us had steaks and they were very good as one would expect with prices of $25-$45 for main dishes.The salads are unique with a "build it yourself" set up. Dressings are made in-house. The side dishes were nothing special. Mashed potatoes were bland, asparagus looked wilted.After dinner, we wanted to see the dessert menu and have coffee. The waitress said, 'I'm sorry but this table is reserved so you'll have to move to the bar if you want dessert." WHAT??!! I have never experienced this before and was shocked. I told the server that it was extremely rude to expect us to move. She went to ask the manager again to make sure and we were told that we still had to move if we wanted dessert. The manager never came over to explain or offer any concession.So, will I go to this restaurant again? Probably not. The steaks were good but not good enough to be told we needed to move before our meal was complete...especially when our bill for four totaled $168.00 with the tip. That was with a $20 Living Social deal and only two glasses of wine.In my opinion, offering a Living Social deal says that you're trying to increase business. Perhaps, if you treat your current customers with the respect they deserve and allow them to finish their meal and savor the experience you would get repeat business and save yourself the cost of additional advertising.As for dessert? We left and went to Amelie's in NoDa and discovered a true gem in Charlotte...so for that, I owe Beef and Bottle gratitude.We joined some friends on Saturday evening (5/4/13) to relax. I had never been, but someone mentioned B&B performed in  the style of the old 'Hereford Barn' restaurant, which was a favorite of mine in years past.

Percentage of time down: 30%Total separate images: 325Blurry images: 106

I decided to walk my pale plate of  "Just chicken" over to the manager. He was very busy ( No he wasn't ) chatting with a female staff member near the soda machines,  I said "Look at my chicken and chicken, I ordered chicken and waffles and this is just chicken, Im waiting and waiting and its still just chicken, how are you going to charge me almost 9$ for this? He Was polite and said he would remove the item from my bill, I looked at the female he was talking too and said "can you feel me here?" and she said "yes".As I was returning to my table the "waffle" Arrived!

This place promotes reflexology or massage but it seems like no one knows what their doing- they can't even hit my temple, makes me wonder if therapists actually have license to do what they claimed they do and if they do... how did they get it???My bf and I went there the first time about a month ago, he got back pain and I got neck pain the next day. The pain came from rubbing toooo hard on the wrong spots. No big deal, you really can't expect much from $20/hr and that same week we went ahead and see our "REAL" massage therapist and got the problems fixed. Wednesday (8/14/13) we came back here at happy feet for the second time. I told him that there's  gotta be someone there that not necessarily what I call "REAL" therapist that would care enough and do a good job. The lady in the front was nice enough to give us a room without charging extra, we had our massage in a big open room together with other people on our first visit  and that was not relaxing at all, too much commotion and I don't understand why therapists keep making this clapping noise... so annoying! Being in the room reduced a little bit of that- just a little.Anyway, on this second visit I did not do a full body, I only had my feet and arms done... sure enough, I am now suffering from pain on the side of my left foot and my bf is having lower back pain. I think I had enough with this $20 thing. I want to come here to save money, but it is costing me more. For some of you that would read my review but not believe me, try for yourself and see. If you only had 1 or 2 massage or never had a good massage you might not know the difference. Have them do a very light massage so you don't end up with pain. I am used of having hard massage and light massage won't do a thing for me. Most people get light massage to relax, but you wont get that here either, yo will be surrounded by people who are talking, whispering, walking back and fort and that clapping noise- ugh!!!Me and my friend went here for our first foot massages and it was fabulous! But they laughrd in our faces when we said only 5 dollars for a tip. Super disrespectful. Wont go back. They wont give your card back until you agree to tip higher.Ok Yelpers, I have never been so disappointed and so disillusioned from reviews. If this is your idea of a great massage please do yourself a favor and go to Andy's Foot Spa. My friend and I decided to try here since it was open later and closer to home. Upon walking in, we looked around and there was no one to be found. Suddenly, with ninja stealth, a pile of clothes rises into an Asian woman and startles us. We should have known to leave then.Me personally, all I really need is someone to rub my head and feet and I'm a happy camper. If you want someone lightly scratching your head, plugging your nostrils during pressure points, and falling asleep every few seconds while they rub you, by all means come here. My lady yawned obnoxiously every few seconds when she wasn't sleeping, sniffling, or coughing on me. My friend didn't have it much better since her guy just came from is smoke break and smelled of 7/11 beef hotdogs and cheese.We gave each of them a $5 tip which was insanely generous given the circumstances. On the lighter side, we had a good laugh and great story out of it.Not too happy. Very soft handsI asked to have strength harder.  Chinese lady got mad. So she made it even softer.After paying I asked for a receipt. She said don't have . No receipt

Get your managers inline and staff then work on the food...If I could give this place less than 1 star I would. First of all it's super loud in there. Secondly it's so dark you can hardly see your food. Honestly I'd bet they keep it dark so you can't see your food because if you could you definitely wouldn't eat it. My husband ordered steak. It was so fatty, flavorless and gross. To top it off my husband now has food poisoning! We will never ever go back.Straight up the worst food I've ever had. Great location and views but that doesn't make up for the terrible food.The food is substandard. It started off right but then went downhill pretty fast. They made it clear we came in close to closing and they were ready to move us out. Good thing they have the resort next door to get fresh customers - if we lived here we wouldn't be back.  The steaks were on par with Denny's meat. And to serve boiled carrots and a small corn on the cob with it instead of a baked potato, which you could pay extra for, is just criminal.This review is for the newest waitress at this establishment. This was my daughters 4th birthday I read plenty great reviews on this place to help me choose this place to be her birthday dinner. We walk in see the bull the kids were excited we took the slide down to our table they absolutely loved that and then we get to our seat... We sit for awhile (10 min) waiting for someone to come over and the girls have to go to the bathroom so they leave to handle that I sit for another 5 minutes before the new waitress stumbles by and finally notices me. Asks what I'd like to drink I give her my order and tell her it's my daughters birthday and I'd like to order the birthday package (cake, photo, hat=$15)  yes that's right $15 for something other restaurants do for free. Anyways I order it while my daughters in the bathroom she said ok I'll go write it down right now I say thank you and we move along with our night. We had a decent dinner great band kept the kids happy it was sort of busy so we were patient with the waitress who mentioned she was new when we asked how to get the free meal for kids that's printed on the kids menu to ask the server about the free meal lol she had no idea. My daughter order a hot dog and fries it took 20 minutes to get ketchup but like I said it was busy so we were patient anyways they brought out our check brought out cotton candy I paid the bill and waited.. After 20 minutes or so after paying the bill we finally see the birthday song coming in our direction I pull out my camera to capture the special moment and it stopped a table before us hahaha jokes on us after they got done singing he waitress walked over asked if there was something else I needed I asked if they were still going to help us with my daughters birthday celebration and she started to apologize and say she completely forgot which is ok because like I've stated twice before it was busy and she is human so things happen she then asks if we still wanted it or if we just wanted the cake lol I respond I mean if it's alright with you id still like more then just the dinner for my daughters birthday thinking I had already paid for it .. By this time both my kids heads are on the table from being tired it's 9pm and they have school/daycare tomorrow so they come back 15 minutes later sing the birthday song give us the cake and take the picture our waitress says they will be right back out with the picture and again apologizes for the mix up and keeping us waiting I say it's ok ask for a box and box up the cake because my little one was being crabby as you can see in the video so it was just best we left. We're headed out and the waitress runs up and gives us a new ticket saying that she updated the price since she forgot about the birthday I'm thinking how nice of her to fix her mistake lol she updated the ticket and charged us for the horrible celebration that she forgot. Listen in the video as they stop in the middle of the song to ask her her birthday then asks how old she is . I told the lady she could get the manager because I wasn't paying for it and she responded Rudely saying "well I guess I'll just pay for it out of my tips" I left her $12 on the original ticket yes you should have to pay for your mistake the worst birthday dinner I've ever seen. Great establishment but horrible waitress we will not be back. Sorry for the rant but she bummed a very important day for us. Did I mention after talking with the manager he apologized for her and also mentioned we don't get a hard copy of the photo like she said we just get to download it off their website lol the strangest $15 bday package I've heard of.worst place ever!! food is inedible, facility old and dirty, service under par.  nothing good about it except for the city view.  we ordered a vareity of food and EVERYTHING tasted awful - chemical and preservative laden, over salted, bland, dry, no flavor.  how this place can stay in business is beyond me.  never returning!Place has 3 stars and thats pushing it.  Good atmosphere,  but im thinking the cooks are enjoying it while their cooking.  Hands down worst steak in my life.  Apple bees would be a better option!Three stars?  C'mon Yelp. You're misleading people. I'm a steak guy and can stomach most bad foods with little complaint but this was bad. Really bad. Worse than sizzler. At $23 for steak you are better off going to ponderosa / sizzler / etc and saving $10 per meal for better food. Another alternative is paying an extra $10 and go to Steak44 or Donovan's - you will pay more but get a fantastic meal. Ordered the rattlesnake and cactus fries appetizer. All fries and very little snake. NY strip was thick bland and poor quality meat. Beans were made to hold bricks and not for consumption. All Other sides were bad. I would like to make myself throw up - I feel the food polluted my body. This place makes its living because of proximity to Arizona Grand and nice view overlooking town. The parking lot is full, absolutely FULL of people who love bad food or tourists like me getting picked off. On the plus side the band they had playing was actually pretty good. My last time here. No second chance.Our reservations were for 4:30 PM (they open at 4), so they weren't terribly busy when we arrived. It took nearly 10 minutes for our waiter to grace us with his presence. He was a little arrogant most of the night, almost acted like he was doing us a favor by waiting on us. The food took a long time getting to the table so we were there nearly two hours. It was nice to enjoy the company of friends, but I would rather have done it in a different environment.The steaks had a good flavor, but if they had been hot I'm sure they would have been better. The salad came with dressing, but not enough to my liking and our waiter never came back so I could ask for more. Two members of our party didn't get the right things with meals; the one was supposed to have fries and they never arrived. Instead he got his wife's carrots. My husband and I ordered the same thing and his came with an ear of corn; mine didn't. Not a big deal because I wouldn't have eaten it anyway, but they need to get things right. We ordered bottled water and the waiter decided it was time to take the bottle off the table so he poured the rest of it into my already full glass spilling part of it and the table and part on my hand without apologies. The tables are also too close together; the man sitting behind me decided he needed to lean back and stretch and popped me in the back of the head. All in all, I wouldn't go back.Looks like it has potential. Came twice.  Rustic theme would be ok, if I thought it was clean.  The longhorn steer trapped in the 12x12 pen is sad.   They should find a new home for it.  Waitresses are nice, but don't pay much attention. The tables were dirty each time.  First time got a burger.  It was big but not flavorful.  Next time ordered wings and potato skins.  A runner dropped off fried mushrooms and we let the waitress know it was not ours.  He then dropped off wings to some kids that sat at our table when we got up to play shuffle board.  Kids ate  2 of the wings and left.  The waitress got us a new order and they were good, but no way close to 5 alarm.  The skins never showed up, but at least they were not on our check.This place has a very unique ambiance. I was extremely excited as I was walking through the restaurant for the first time. Quickly, things turned from exciting to horrible. The waiter didn't give us napkins but was overall okay. I got the food and tried it and it was disgusting. My friend had came here 3 years ago and tried the rattlesnake and it was supposed to be good. We got it and they hated it so they sent it back. I didn't try it.  My entree was a huge plate of disgusting ribs and it didn't look appetizing at all. The meat was tough and had so much fat. My mashed potatoes were so disgustingly thick that a fork stood straight up in them. They were extremely sour as well. I complained about my food and didn't want anything else has a substitution and they took it off the bill.. I love dessert and I didn't even want to order it.  This was my first and last time coming here. Oh and the bathroom was gross.Way overpriced! Steak was just so so, Margaritas way overprices especially for house booze.

Dr: "So you're scheduling a c-section, right?"

In fact she even heard  one of her employers not only talking shit to me as if I wasn't on the customer side of the counter.Saying

Spend your hard earned bucks on the Carnegie Museum of Art...not only modern art but all art!This unfortunately will be my first and last time at this park.Let me set the scene, today was absolutely gorgeous out.  It was not too cloudy and not too super scorchingly (I may make up my own words) sunny where despite the fact that you're under some shade, you're sweating like a call girl in church. That being said, I decided to grab my iPad and get my outdoor reading on.  I get there, after several failed attempts at parallel parking, sit down, whip my iPad out, and for the next hour, I, despite my best efforts at drowning them out with cello music, am stuck listening to some loser boast LOUDLY about the amount of women he's "explored", the graphic details of each exploration, how he often shares his "many" acquaintances with friends, and etc.  That conversation was briefly interrupted by a loud expletive laced argument with a "hookup" about an occurring purchase and as I packed my bags to get the heck out of dodge, I smelled the pot and realized I like reading indoors just fine.The guy with the scrappy facial hair (the manager?) is rude and short with customers who aren't cool enough, and with employees--right in front of customers.  Coffee only okay.  Better places in walking distance.I just don't get this place.  I know some people like it.....and I've given it more than 1 try.....but it's pretty simple -- the food is not that good.  Specifically, the pasta is cooked with a LOT of butter.....and cream sauces, which makes the meal fatty and filling.  In addition, the service is just not good.  We waited.....and waited.  We split a meal and they charged us to do it.I don't recommend this place....and I won't be going back.Pasta had ZERO flavor. I was very disappointed. To be fair, the bruschetta was good.Went to Caffe Boa for the 1st time with a group of girlfriends. It was a horrible experience. Drinks took between 10-20 minutes each time we ordered and the restaurant was not busy. Wine should not take that long to pour. My ice tea was never refilled. I ordered the filet special with sauce on the side - medium well.  When my entree came it was smothered in the sauce. I sent it back immediately and when my steak returned it was dry and cooked well done. 3rd time it came back correct but at that point- about 2 hours into the meal it's just not acceptable. I would have expected for something to be reduced on my bill but it was not. I would have expected the manager to possibly come and apologize- never happened. Needless to say I will never go back and will not recommend to my friends.The food is over priced and mediocre. No prices are noted on specials board. We spent over 100 dollars on a meal Saturday night at another restaurant  that beat this 100 dollar one hands down. The aioli starter with bread tasted like pureed tuna salad instead of an aioli. The scallop dish was bland. The scallops could have stood more of a sear and the fettucine should have been dressed with a blended cream and lemon instead of the heavy alfredo used on the dish. Dessert was tiramisu and yes , it was bland too. No taste of marsala or any other liquer soaking the cake of the tiramisu. Over all this was a waste of an effort to have a good meal at a new place for us.Worst experience and food ever!  My family has quite a few food allergies (gluten, dairy, egg, peanuts, etc.), so we called ahead to make sure they had gluten free pasta as advertised on their menu.  So we come with a party of 9 and they seat us outside because they say it's warmer than inside and that they had heat lamps.  They did have heat lamps, but only 1 for our entire table b/c they said they ran out of propane.  When it came time to order, the server told us there was no gluten free pasta.  I expressed my disappointment that we were misled when we called earlier about the gluten free pasta availability, saying that we would never have come there if we knew there was no gluten free pasta. Server apologized profusely and told us that the manager offered to send out some 3 free desserts  - sorbet and crème brulee (creme brulee had gluten of course, so the gluten free eaters could not eat it). Anyways, our party ordered food and it took 1.5+ hours waiting in the cold for all the food to come out.  When it did come out, the lasagna I had was cold in the middle and the rest of the food was overcooked and mushy.Whatever my son ate, he had an immediate allergic reaction to the food while at the restaurant. 2+ hours later we left the restaurant having to pay a big bill, cold, hungry and sick. I felt bad for the server, she tried to accommodate as best as she could.  The manager, however, never even came out to talk or to apologize for us.Used to love this place and frequented it often, but I just sat at the bar for near 10 minutes on a slow night (only one couple sitting at the bar) and was not acknowledged or drink order taken.  To take it a step further when the bartender did finally come around she walked up to the couple because he wanted a taste of a wine, not even ordering a glass....standing directly in front of me still did not acknowledge or comment that she'd be right back with water, drink order, etc.

I've been to this place 3 times, hoping that service will either improve or balance out. I like to support "mom and pop" places and local restaurants which is why I gave it several opportunities to make up for poor service. But to my disappointment, this is the last straw.

The drinks at the casino were terrible.  The long islands were made from a pre-mixed batch unless I specifically order the bartender to make from scratch that cost a few dollars more.  We received complimentary tix to the pool party but hardly see anyone in the pool.  Same things goes for the Rain and Ghost bar.  I would not go back there again.Don't stay here!!! This is the most horrible customer experience I had ever have in any hotel. My husband & I checked in on a Thur night. There was a short wait to check in at the front desk, which was ok. However, the front desk blonde girl (I think her name is Sarah) was so cold & made us felt very unwelcome!!! Our reservation was for a one king bed room, which we had no idea which building it was going to be. In fact, we had never been to the Palm & had no idea how it was liked. When we checked in, this blonde girl said our reservation was for a 2 full sized beds type room in the Fantasy building. The more we kept insisting we reserved a one king bed, the more she insisted we had a 2 full sized bed room. Not even a tiny bit of trying to work with our request. We didn't see any kind of smile on her face, but a cold stare. We finally showed her the print out of our reservation, then she said our reservation was in fact a 1 king bed at the Palm (old) building. Again, no apology whatsoever. At the point, we were already so done w/ this girl & just wanted to check in. When I asked how could I contact my friends, who were staying at the Palm Place building. This blond girl asked me my friend's name. After I gave her the name, this blonde said, "sorry, but due to confidentiality, I can't give you her room number," I had no idea why she asked what my friend's name was on the 1st place if you couldn't help. Plus, I knew my friends' room number. All I was asking her was how to contact them from one building to the other b/c they are from London & had no local cell phone service!!! Before we were done, this blonde girl didn't tell us any type of comp we could get at the hotel nor any kind of introduction to this hotel. I couldn't believe such horrible customer service would exist in this planet!!! The room was ok. A bit old. Bathroom sink was stinky from the poor plumbing. TV was the real old type that kept flicking. Bottomline, don't expect us to stay here ever again!!!Copy of what I wrote on their Facebook wall as it will probably be deleted by them.First trip ever to Vegas. Saturday, Started the afetrnoon by getting a quick bite at the Bistro Buffet. Then 2 hours into my stay, i get trapped at a slot machine for 1 hour bc your system crashed. I couldnt get up to tell my husband where i was bc then some one could take my seat and my money as the machines were not printing vouchers. After complaining to management i was told we had a 75$ food and beverage credit. Yea right. Wake up at 3 am sweating, shaking, heart beating, freaking out. Call front desk to see if there is a hotel Doctor. No. Spend the next 5 hours vomiting from a nice case of food poisoning. When i finally could attempt to drift off, room next door was having a party. its 4 am. Security is called. They finally stfu. Next day, double check there is still food credit. Low and behold, no such credit exists on our room. We are lucky enough to find the same manager who issued it. I notify him of my episode of poisoning and ask if the credit is good for food in the gift shop as i refuse to eat at any more resturants in the Palms for the remainder of my stay. Yes he says, of course. We stock up on drinks and food for ur 5 hour drive home. Having a feeling there would be yet ANOTHER problem, we keep the receit and open NOTHING. I ask if the room next to us has checked out and if they have not, we'd like another room. The did, but the noisy bunch of girls was replaced by a nosier bunch of MEN blasting Katy Perry at ! am. Again, Security is called. Im so ready to go home and never come back to vegas again at this point.  Its monday morning  7 am,we are cheking out early to get home for a Dr appointment and Of course!( as expected almost,) THE CREDIT DOES NOT COVER GIFT SHOP FOOD. The gift shop refuses to take the returned unopened items, Yes HERES THE PART where i throw my luggage on the floor and go ballistic. After 30 mins of threatening to call my lawyer, finally they declare my balance at ZERO. I kept the reciept as im sure they will start charging us randomly, since they are clearly so unorganized and shady. Retrain your employees Palms. Thanks for ruining my trip. Next time we will fork over the extra money and stay at Caesers. I cant believe two people in 2 days could have so many issues with 1 terrible resort.Ps. I made a yelp account just to warn others of your HORRIBLE MOTEL. You should feel honored.pps.  ps. theres no shower doors so its freezing, theres no complimentary items in the bathroom except shampoo and lotion, so i had to blow dry my hair each morning which is a pain in the ass as i have enough hair for three people. We were lucky to find a pen, and i could hear construction above us. Ive had better times at a DAYS INN. Oh and way to try to sneak in some "MINI BAR CHARGES" upon my check out, Im not stupid enough to even glance at a mini bar. Palms is unapologetic and their customer service is a joke.The Palms... NEGATIVE STAR :(We stayed here for a Bachelorette Party.....the worst possible hotel that you could imagine in Vegas, the City of Dreams surrounded by such beautiful, distinct creative, intense, high energy hotels and then you have the PALMS :/ What a disappointment;  but most of all an unimaginable place to stay. My 1st experience of Vegas was staying at the Wynn..... BAD idea to downgrade from a 5 star to what maybe a 1-2 star hotel, we would have been better off at the Holiday Inn if ya know what I mean. The SMOKE and the smell of portable potties hits you smack in the face when u enter the doors ( I understand VEGAS hotels smell like SMOKE, however this is ridiculous) along with a dark Dreary setting and instead of a beautiful entrance like say the Bellagio or Venetian this place had a couple of blackjack and roulette tables as their main focal point. Didn't help at all this place was under minor construction ie: floors,dust, and some black tape along the floor, the rooms are sooo outdated and dark, no light, the rooms however were clean and didn't seem dirty, just sooo outdated and old furniture chipped/overly used,  old 1999 radio with receiver..what?!? No iPod station or radio, old TVs !?! Bummer.. Best part- stripper pole in the master bath in the celebrity suite pretty awesome and creative, attentive housekeeping and room service. The food ehhh buffet was pretty bland, same o same o buffet full of unhealthy options other than a salad bar and seafood. Best part Earl of Sandwich not the most fancy place to eat however when it's between McDonald's and the buffet, Earl wins. Did I mention the smoke in this place?!? Reeks like never before sooo unbearable gave me a headache and i felt nauseated the whole time just from the smell , definitely not a happening place no attractive people middle aged to elderly people here , the staff not over achievers unlike other hotels usually staff happy to be there and assist ....I hate to be Negative Nancy but it is what it is, this place needs an entire tear down and renovation, not just a room/area  here and there. I would pay an extra $200-300 bucks for sure any day to stay somewhere else, this is a no- go for me in my book. The Wynn/Encore and even Cosmopolitan are best hotels to stay in my opinion, surprised with some of the GOOD reviews, guess people don't have high expectations :SThough the price is right, and the facilities are relatively clean, the staff could best be described as a collection of idiots comparable to, if not worse than, the keystone cops.

If I could give it negative ratings, I would!Southwest Airlines should DROP this from their car rental list.

till 2am. Really? You have a crapload of people all

Customer satisfaction is not this company's goal..  Moral of the story, Read the REVIEWS FIRST and don't go to Superstar Car WashI was very impressed with the customer service and wash about 2 years ago. Since then each time I go back it's worse and worse. The wash takes too long and is never thorough. I took my car three times before demanding they wipe down an obvious spill on one of my back seats. I even had my car detailed and waxed here and they left a ton of wax residue in the window sealing and details of the car. I returned after my wax because I needed a car wash and had a few free passes from the detail and they tried to sell me a detail telling me that I had tons of wax residue. I couldn't help but laugh and ask them to look up my license plate and ask if it was them who had detailed my car last. They were embarrassed. The only reason I didn't point out this wax residue immediately, the day my car was finished, is because they never called to tell me if was done and I called them close to closing and they told me it had been down for about an hour or so. When I arrived no one was there to talk to and my keys were given to me by the gas station clerk. GREAT SERVICE. NOT!!!! Won't go back, even for my free washes. This place has taken a dive into the dump.This place is useless as a car wash. Got the car washed on a Monday when they weren't even busy. The back window was in no way washed and the front dashboard, whatever their armor all product was, they only took it down 3/4 of the dash.Slowest car wash in town.   No idea how cars that come in after mine are done and dry before mine is even through the wash tunnelThe employees here are cluelessDo not get your oil changed here.   They broke a flange and twisted it towards the cam shaft which in turn broke my cam shaft sensor.  The sensor went off just as I was leaving their facility,  I took it right back and they denied any wrong doing. Replacement part and labor $300.   Not worth the risk.  Never ever go to a place like this again. Would much prefer dealer service.  At least with a dealer they know the models and not some yahoo reject.

*The hamburgers were a big old mess of ingredients most of which ended up in the basket, not in our mouths. My medium well burger was VERY pink. In my opinion, the meat and the bun lacked flavor so much so, that I would not return.*$35 was the bill for 2 burgers, a basket of fried pickles, 2 small shakes, and 2 sodas. A bit overpriced in my burger meal experience.Booooo. Lots of hype but I'm not sure why??  Dried up flavorless burger that was a lot smaller than the bun. Bacon was undercooked and the fries were dried up burned sticks.The only good things were friendly servers and the mocha shake. $45 I'll never see again.Probably the worst tasting burger I've ever had in my life. The meat was bland, the chicken patty looked fake, and wasn't seasoned at all either. The seasoning on the table is the only good thing there.This burgers here are great....at being inconsistent.  I thought the burger I ate my first visit here was the best burger I've ever eaten.  Unfortunately, subsequent visits made me rethink my sobriety during my first visit.  I've had burgers that were overcooked, undercooked, greasy, dry, too thick, or too thin. Burgers are never the same.The one thing they're consistent at is service.  It sucks.  At all times of the day, every day of the week.  This last time we had to wait almost 10 minutes after we were seated to get our drink orders taken, and we were the only customers in the place!  That was the last time I go there, that's for sure.They have a large selection of milkshakes.  So they've got that going for them, which is nice.It was slow and I waited over 15 minutes for my food. I got the semi serious burger and it was bland. The same goes for the fries and onion rings. Totally over rated.Went again even though I had a less the appealing first experience. Service was better but my burger was still bland as were the onion rings and French fries. Even more friend who isn't a picky eater that went me this time said it wasn't worth it and we should have went to McDonald's.I hate giving out 1 star reviews but after tonight's event I just had to do it. We ordered take out from the restaurant through their website and was told that the food would be ready at 7:40. I arrived at the restaurant at around 7:45-7:50 only to find out that the order was not ready nor had it even been placed into the system by the young lady working the to go section. She said "Oh, well we have to call you if it is over $30 dollars before we can put it into the system because that is the procedure." I looked at her and said "well why didn't anyone call me since this is your procedure. Of course she didn't have an answer to such a simple question. She then said that she would put it into the system while I wanted. Now mind you that it took 30 minutes for the food to be ready in the first place so it was going to take another 30 or so minutes for the food to be ready. I said "No thank you and walked out the door."I feel bad for the other 5 faxes that were sitting in the machine. I hope that they got their phone call or spent less than 30 bucks. I will have to say that we will not be dining with this restaurant again.This place blows.  Food had no taste and shake was below average for a higher than deserved price.  Johnny Rockets blows this place away and I even prefer a Denny's burger and shake for half the priceMaybe my wife & I had the one in a million bad experience. We walked in around 3:00 pm Sunday afternoon. The restaurant was mostly empty and our server took our order quickly. My wife & I each ordered the 7 ounce burger, fries, & Pepsi. There are signs posted in the restaurant saying good things comes to those that wait, and we sure did wait! I understand food cooked to order & I don't mind waiting for good food, but this was anything but. The burger itself was average at best and not very hot. The meat was bland, unseasoned, & dry. Both burgers were ordered with cheddar cheese and both burgers were served without cheese of any kind. The french fries were dark brown & cold. They were overcooked and tasted as though they had been sitting for some time. Our server, who disappeared, never came back to ask how the food was or if we needed anything. We flagged down another waitress to have the table cleared & to get our check. That waitress didn't ask about the two servings of uneaten fries or if she could get us anything else. After 10 minutes, I had to go to the register to get our check. The manager took our payment without asking how our meal was. Overall, this place was a $28.78 disappointment, and we won't be going back!The 10 oz burger had no taste it was totally bland. Without the toppings it was not eatable. Unfortunately, the fries were cold, soggy and tasteless. Lack of management supervision.

Its an extended stay. Meaning refrigerator, there should be plates, pots and pans, dishes, and utensils.Refrigerator never got any of the water we brought cold. It took two days to get the freezer to freeze ice cubes. By day three, the refrigerator began to stink.No pots, pans, dishes, utensils. How are we to cook? if we are not wanting to go out to eat.As stated earlier office desk was a small table. You have to pay for high-speed internet or the wifi never worked. Absolutely brutal place that needs to just be put out of its misery. Never will I ever stay at this location.Warning do not stay at this hotel! It has bugs in the room! Sheets and pillows are dirty and haven't been washed, hallways smell like cheese, overall very dirty and uncomfortable.We booked a non smoking room online, but when we checked in they said no non smoking rooms were available and that we had marked non smoking as a "preference" and that it's not a guarantee. Um, what?

-- Nothing special for flavor. I've had much better Pisco Sours double the size for less $...$6 for a 6 ounce glass which was mostly ice is a rip off! Shrimp Ceviche - 2 stars

3. After a few weeks we could see where they did a clear coat and where they did not as our new restored truck was part yellow and part white.

I spend on an average about $150 once I start buying product. I guess I didnt look like a good spending customer today.. Oh well ...

Service ONCE seated... we got sat down and were handed paper menus that were all wrinkled from having water soaked in them a few times then dried out.  We sat down and 2 seconds later our server asked what we wanted to order.  We said we were still deciding and he asked "DECIDING WHAT? LIKE WHAT TO ORDER OR IF YOUR GONNA ORDER?" basically- attitude.

Real life, unfortunately, was a let down.Here are my gripes:

She was very sweet, and we were very hungry.  My husband played it safe and ordered the french toast with a side of bacon, orange juice and coffee.

-we had 2 drinks that were practically all alcohol, 2 beer and 2 appetizers and the bill was $35 after tip.

the burger looked OK but tasted like the cheese was old tasted real funky. I tell you I don't feel to good after eating there.told the bar maid she said ok still paid full price she did not offer to fix it.

First, the rice.  It seemed like old rice they reheated and put too much water on because it got too dried out.  My beef steak wasn't good at all.  The sauce of the beef steak seemed too oily and it didn't taste fresh.  It also tasted like it was cooked a long time ago and just reheated.  They just looked like they cut up fresh onion and topped with it to look like it was recently cooked. What the hubs got:

I said to her, "did you hear me ask for miso soup?"

Over the course of the past 12 months I have first hand witnessed this company plummet in customer service and pricing.And now the kicker is their pharmacy, again I have been a customer for over a year and have filled (2) prescriptions every month, same medication, same dose, same doctor so it should be no surprise I am refilling this week right??

1. Time - they are very very SLOW.  I was here on Saturday, and dropped the car off at 10:30am and didn't get it back until 8pm when they close.  I thought it was because of the weekend, but a regular Monday with little people they will still have you wait for 2-3 hours just for a check up.  Oh, they sometimes would forget to call you to give updates.

Either that or what I read is true, they actually ARE desperately hurting for money?

What a joke!- Check in wasn't so bad, since we arrived early Thursday morning and there were no line.  But whenever I call the front desk, they are beyond RUDE!  One person didn't even great me, then she didn't  let me me finish my sentence before transferring me to the wrong department!  WTF?- Checking Out

Well here are the facts and you can decide:

WOW

Sorry Longhorn, we tried to like you.  $150 for 4 ppl for dinner was a bit much for the crap service we got. Giving us 25% off and 2 $25 gift cards didnt make it ok since we don't plan on coming back....everTerrible service sat at the bar for over 15 minutes no one Greeted me or Helped me so I walked out.Went here last night for the first time and the last time. We were able to get a seat in the bar quickly which was good, but maybe a mistake. Our service was terrible. It took 10 minutes to even see the server initially for a greeting, drink order and menu, and 10 more minutes for our drinks to arrive. It's 110 degrees in AZ right now...a timely cold drink is appreciated when you've been out. This was only the beginning of the poor experience. He did not ask if we wanted appetizers, or had questions on the menu. He was more than willing to "give us more time" as it was apparent he was otherwise occupied. My salad arrived delivered by a food runner. It was dry and needed more dressing. I never saw the waiter again until more than midway through our meal which was also delivered by a runner. The server handed a bottle of ketchup over the table and was off. No question as to how the meal was or whether we needed anything. The food was not good either. The steak was more than a third waste due to the fat left on it. The loaded baked potato was dry and far from "loaded." My daughter's steak was tough and her fries were soaked in meat juice. The bread was good though. The manager came by and asked how everything was. I told her. She explained that the meat would be at least 25% fat because of the choice. Sorry, not acceptable. I order this all the time at other venues and make it myself at home. Trim it and make it acceptable to serve. She did offer to give me a different lesser cut of steak, but by then I had already eaten bread and salad and tried to eat part of that fatty steak and was no longer hungry. The manager comped $2 off the bill!! Really??? What a joke! It took at least another 10 minutes for the waiter to come bring our check when we were done and another 10 minutes for him to return with my card. He did not ask if we wanted dessert or leave a dessert menu, say thanks for coming in, have a good day, nothing. Poor service, poor food, poor attempts at making things right..big disappointment.Terrible experience. If you want a good steak, go somewhere else. It took 10 minutes before our drink order was taken, another 7 before we got our drinks and another 5 before a different waiter brought us bread. Food wasn't bad or anything but not outstanding either for the prices.Out of all the places in the Phoenix area who offer Barre classes, this particular Pure Barre location has to be the worst.  They have just ONE routine and it never varies.    They never ask at the beginning of the class if anyone is new or if anyone has any injuries they need to be aware of.  The cutesy 20-somethings who teach these classes make NO adjustments for their older clientele.  They expect a 63 year old to be able to do the exact same things that a 23 year old can do.  No one ever asked permission to touch me when making a correction either.  This is not cool at all.  I don't need some snippy instructor touching my pelvis or butt without asking permission first.  I would not go back after going 7 times and I would not recommend it to anyone I care about either.I wouldn't bring anything here. Better off just donating your stuff, which is essentially what you do when you bring it here!  Brought in a table. They said it was ok after we sent in pics and talked to them. 7 months later, the table never made it to the floor we asked and no one could give us an answer. Now we hear it is in storage. Why? We ask again. The new news is that they didn't put it out cause they didn't have matching chairs! Really? You keep our stuff for 7 months in storage and then we have to call you several times to find this out? Now they are telling us they took it out of storage and we can come pick it up! Bullshit! Deliver it to me...free! Incompetent. Won't go there again!The manager Mark is a rude and unprofessional person. I went in for the first time and will never go back no matter what good deals they have. I'd rather pay full price for items then deal with a jerk like him. The sad thing is that all the women employees in there deal with him daily and all but could apologize for his condescending attitude. Do not take or shop her unless your okay with what you will be dealing with.I'm not sure what happened to this location.  The enjoyment of shopping there was always because they took in a variety of items, things that you can't find usually in Arizona.  All of a sudden they take in only one style of furniture that makes it no different than any other store.  They think that their opinion of what is in is the only opinion.  I've stopped shopping there because everything is the same old stuff, everything dark and heavy looking.  They've lost my business until they go back to carrying a variety of styles.

So yea they gave me a gift certificate to make amends but I do not think I'll be using it......

I always help my family with booking hotels in Vegas, I'm definitely sending them elsewhere. With the $$$ you charge us at least give me a clean smelling bed to sleep in. Worst thing in the world is a non smoker sleeping on a bed that smelled like a cigarette tray!Looked forward to a treat at this hotel but turned out to be a horrible experience.  I got past the $12.00 for two slices of pizza but was floored by the $59.00 for two glasses of their house wine at their Orchid lounge.  Do these people really think they are going to keep people coming back to their resort this way. Sadly mistaken!  I will not only never return to be robbed once more but i will make sure everyone i am in contact with will know that they should stay clear from this place. As consumers we only ask for a fair value at a fair price. Oh and lets not forget that during our five day stay that floors 1 to 16 were reportedly without water for a full day and without hot water for two days. We were on the 17th floor and had no hot water this morning.  Do not know what tomorrow will bring but since they were unable to get their water issues resolved in the first two days we are not very hopeful.  But then of course why would we expect to have hot water in a room that we were paying $280.00 a night for.  Is there something wrong with this picture?  You be the judge!Where do I start off?!I booked a 2 bedroom suite for my friends bachlorette party 4 months in advance.We get there and they inform me that they overbooked and set me up in standard conjoining rooms..EXCUSE ME?! This is not my fault ! Why would you downgrade me and not accommodate me in YOUR guys' mistake.Finally they all of a sudden have the exact suite that I had booked available ..But this one is the "newly upgraded" version of what I was supposed to get so that makes everything better..I dont think so. They then give me $50 credit.To shut me up because I'm not okay with how they are handling this. I check out and go downstairs to make sure I get my credit towards my room. The front desk lady super sweet explains the differences and says there will be no additional charges.Here I am a week later looking at my Credit Card statement and there is an additional $168 charge from Mandalay...WHAT NOW?!I call to ask since I wasnt notified or sent anything stating that there was another charge. Rachel at front desk lets me know " Oh the room needed extra cleaning so we had to charge you" 5 high maintenance girls in a 2 bedroom suite leaving it "excessively filthy" are you kidding me?! We packed up all of our stuff and everything was organized while we barley even stayed in the room.

Is there an option for zero stars?People Please listen to me and not the fake 5 Star reviews!! This is the absolute worst company on earth!! They lie, they cheat, customer service will hang up on you, tech support will hang up on you, billing will hang up on you!! I have been with them for 4 months and have been in the phone with them for at least 30 total hrs, the prism service freezes and checker boards all the time, the Internet constantly goes down and you end up on the phone with them for hrs!! They will promise you a great deal then remove it from your service Agee months later and tell you that special never existed!! They over charge your bill every month and you have to call to get corrected. I have never dealt with a more pathetic company in my life. Please listen and save yourself the heart ache and wasted time on the phone and wasted days away from work waiting for service tech!!! Please please listen. STAY AWAY!!!!!!!If I could give zero stars I would, worst internet provider I have ever had. This is my 4th month dealing with Century Link. I was lured in by what was supposed to be approximately a $35 package charge for basic internet only, we don't have cable or anything else. However my monthly bills have been between $100 and $200 each month, the explanations are always vry confusing and each time the agent assures me it will only be $35 the following month. Just got another for $130. I quit, done with them. Lack of agent training:

I had to go to a different office to give blood for the allergy test. They took two vials of blood.

I went there today after around 2 years.. & same person at the counter, doing the same thing again. I just paid & walked away & I don't plan on going there again!Seeing that I'm Asian and originally from NYC, I know what "authentic Asian food is". The food by best is subpar and barely mediocre. The lady at the front desk is absolutely RUDE RUDE RUDE RUDE. Disgusting phone etiquette and completely APPALLING. Not only that ? I asked for $2 more extra meat. Does 5 slices of beef equal $2 ON TOP of what I originally ordered ? NO. I also asked the rude lady for a side of sriracha, but she purposely gave me hot chili oil. I rarely ever write such negative reviews, but the quality, quantity and disgusting attitude makes me NEVER want to return. They lost out on catering opportunity for my team at B of A as well. So sad.I rarely eat Chinese and when I do it is a treat. I ordered here based on the good reviews. Firstly, my order took nearly an hour and it was a pick up order. Ordered sesame chicken and crab ragoons. The sesame chicken was so sweet and sugary I could eat no more than two or three pieces. The ragoons were inedible; they did not have that warm creamy mixture you expect. Instead, it was dry and tasteless I know filling. Waste of a cheat meal.Worst Chinese food I've had in a while. This place use to be good, not sure what happened?Can you say, "Ug?" So, there are lots of TVs and there was the same game on, for all 40 sets. This seemed quite bizarre. Also, why have 4 screens when you can have one huge one? Why advertise fresh squeezed lemonade, when it's from a package? Why give french fries with most of them burned? Why not have a vegetarian burger in addition to all the artery clogging ones? The reason for the one star, was that our waitress was cool and very courteous.Lack of Atmosphere (Even during sporting events)Food is terrible.Bartender/Waitress were incredibly rude....Everybody has bad days, they should not be this bad.....Found a long black hair in my burger. The buns were cold the meat patty was overcooked (asked for medium) and very thin. The side salad was decent, the tea tasted like crap and the food took foreeeeever to come. The waitress shifted from friendly to rude and then back I was thinking about asking her if she had a evil twin sister or something.I don't know who of my group picked this place out, but they never owned up to it. The service was absolutely terrible.  The waitress was practically all but ignoring us.  We only got offered one round of drinks, never asked if we wanted a second round.  We had to ask for our silverware/napkins after our food came, and did not get it until at least 10 minutes later about halfway through the meal. All the while watching the group of guys next to us get service repeatedly (when they asked her to get something, she would immediately come back to their table, not disappear for 10 minutes then have to be asked again when she did finally return). Aside from just being terrible, she was also unfriendly.  As for the food, all my friends seemed to enjoy/appreciate their meals.  For about 8-10$, you get a huge sandwich/burger and a side of fries.  Except $8 for a basket of chip and cheese dip is ridiculously overpriced to me.As a vegetarian, it was entirely another matter for me.  Not wanting a "veggie" burger, I ordered the buffalo blue cheese dip + potato wedges/chips + vegetables off the appetizer menu.  What was delivered was a basket of chips and cheese dip. When I asked the waitress if I was correct that the menu listed vegetables as well, she said "yeah, it should come with it" as if I was asking too much for the kitchen to produce what the menu says.  It wasn't actually until I explained the vegetable part was the reason I ordered this dish that she "offered" to get them for me.  She disappears. Ten minutes later, my friends halfway through their meal, no vegetables in sight, but at least we have silverware and napkins now.  Five minutes later, she hears us loudly complaining, and says shes told the kitchen twice now.. yeah right. Another ten minutes later, we're complaining real loud now, to ourselves because no staff member is in sight.  Soon the manager appears and says the vegetables will be out soon and apologizes.  My cheese dip and potato chips are not semi-warm, at best. He returns, and in a pretentiously apologetic manner sets done a plate and gets ready to scurry off before I can complain about: THREE 6-inch cuts of celery, and TWO 4-inch by 1-inch hunks of a carrot, completely RAW.  It took them 25 minutes to bring this out to me, and then act as if this would suffice without any compensation.  We immediately asked for a box and a discount. Yes, he discounted us 10% of our final bill, which I think came out to deducting my cheese dip and chips, plus half of my beer.  The waitress brought it out as one check too, not asking if us 2 men and 2 women (obviously 2 couples), would have wanted the check split.The kicker: the sidewalk sign outside their door read "Charlotte's Finest" ... Methinks not.I only gave them 1 star because 0 wasn't an option. Food was mediocre (fries were cold), and we haven't seen our waitress in 45 minutes (writing this review while waiting to ask for the check). I'll write another review tomorrow if I'm still here waiting.We were staying at the hotel it's located in (The Marriott) and we couldn't go anywhere because it was raining. Horrible experience.First we got in and had to search for a table. Once we found one (which was dirty) we waited about 10 minutes for the server to clean it. Once we finally sat, she took our drink orders and came back soon after for our dinner orders. I asked which was her favorite from the sandwhiches and she said the philly. LIAR!Besides the fact that it took 45 MIN, yes 45 for us to get out food, when the food got there it was all really shitty. The meat inside my philly was burnt to a crisp along with the cheese which was so burnt, parts of it were black. The bread was cold and hard. Fries were ok. By this point, we were so hungry, we just ate. After we were sitting with our plates in front of us for about 20 min, I decided to get up and go get the checks myself. She gave them to me and I walked them to my table myself, took the credit cards myself and gave them to her. We had to go, it was getting way too late.Granted, it was St. Patricks day and the place was packed, but when that happens, you need to ask for help.Went in for a couple drinks and food. It was so slow that I actually asked one of the employees if they were closing. With that being said, drinks came out pretty fast but that was it... waited about 15 minutes for the bartender to take our order which we cashed out and moved on to another place to eat. There were more employees in the restaurant than guests, and ironically there were a couple of them enjoying a meal, at a table in the Dining room, in front of customers who couldn't even order an appetizer in a reasonable time. No management present that we could see. Seems like a place that has given up.First, my disclaimers...  I have a pretty negative stance on tobaco smoke; especially cigars. I'm here on business from Oregon and not only don't smoke cigars, but it wouldn't dawn on me that a hotel would support a cigar bar.  But then, this is the South, and we're in tobacco country (sadly).  I'm a public health professional, and am pretty mortified that the National Association of Public Health Institutes would choose to hold a conference in a hotel that not only had a cigar bar, but reeked of stale cigar smoke.  But, to give them the benefit of the doubt, I'm sure they never thought to ask.So, you get where this is going, right?  Walking into the hotel, it smelled stale.  They sent me to a room (on the 8th floor) that smelled totally moldy - I kept wondering if they had been involved in a flood - did Hurricane Sandy hit here?  I thought another room might help.  The second room they sent me to was either occupied, or someone had decided to have their dinner there.  I asked for a third.Room three doesn't smell much better.  Again, stale and moldy.  But I finally got it - it's the entire hotel.  The elevators reek from old cigar smoke, and the entire building is permiated by this acrid odor.  I can't wait to hear what the public health people have to say about this tomorrow.  Meanwhile, I have to tolerate being in this building for the next two days.  And I already have a headache.  The things I put up with for my job...I had such high hopes! The person who greeted me was wonderful and took care of my large bag and car. But my room is outdated and smells like there has been a massive leak. In the hall there are mops and vacuums. Not a good sign. Is it tomorrow yet when I get to check out? This place is not worth the price!I booked this hotel for the 2014 ACC Championship game. I thought that this hotel, as a host hotel for the game, would offer options for dinner after the game. Wow, I was wrong. We got back around midnight to a line st the only open restaurant where we heard last call was most likely before we could sit down. We decided to try room service... What a mistake. I called the front desk and was told they stopped room service at 11. Wow, 11 closure on a night when they knew most guest would not get back until later. I talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all. His answer was to order pizza. I found all of this very unacceptable. I'm a Platinum Member of the Marriott Rewards program, but I can say I will not stay here again after the lack of preparation they had for game that started at 8:00 pm.The guy in the 18th floor concierge really is a bad apple.  It reflects poorly on the entire hotel.The staff in their housekeeping department are NOT HONEST and they took whatever valuable you left in your room. I stayed in this hotel almost every week from November 2014 to May 2015 when I traveled to Charlotte for work. I lost an iPhone charger when I stayed here in February and they said they couldn't find anything in the room. I didn't make it a big deal but in April I lost my favorite blouse in this hotel and still they said they couldn't find anything. At first they told me I could file a claim to get a refund but then they refused to do so saying that I have no proof to show that I lost my stuff there. Two of my colleagues also have lost stuff in this hotel. I really liked the staff in the concierge lounge and the staff at the front desk. But I strongly believe that the staff in their housekeeping department are NOT HONEST. I am a Marriott Platinum member but I will avoid staying in this Marriott again.I switched to the Westin during my last week in Charlotte and that is a way nicer hotel! And it's even cheaper than the Marriott. I would definitely recommend staying in the Westin.Barely one star here. Ongoing construction huge inconvenience. Rooms are poorly designed. Faux wood floor makes everything echo. In fact faux wood furniture all around. Entry doors can be heard down the hallway. All this for $300 a night. Never againWasted a collective total of about 1 1/2 hour on the phone and an hour on an in-person interview with these people. They made me all sorts of promises and said they would help me get a job but didn't even try. I returned all their calls and emails and they just played games with me. Good at wasting your time, terrible at finding you some place to work. Oh well, their loss.Terrible customer service!! We  attempted to eat here, but left after they would not serve the onion soup instead of the miso soup with the combo.   Menu says  "soup", no particular type.   I asked what kind and was told miso only, onion would be additional 1.95.  Waitress said I could double rice, but no soup change.   This makes no sense - onion and miso soup are the same price on the menu.  Good luck getting/keeping customers with this rationale.  The place was empty when we got there and when we left. ...no wonder.   One star because  zero wasn't an option.The food is alright. But the service is horrible. I ordered tofu and the waitress came out with fish. I kindly explained that I didn't order that dish and she just stared at me and walked away. Even though the fish dish sat there at the table untouched, she ended up charging me for it. If I wasn't vegan, I'd eat the dish. I got uncomfortable with the waitress so I told another waitress about my situation. I thought everything was going to work out but the waitress returned and chastised me for not talking to her about it even though I did in the first place. Don't think I'll be coming back.I don't trust Eden Cleaners. I used their online service to pick up my laundry. For three days no one called or picked up the clothes. After several calls, I finally spoke to someone. Clothes were picked up and returned. Their service was fine.What bothers the snot out of me is that no one answers the phone as "Eden Cleaners". After they say, "hello?" I have to ask if I've reached Eden cleaners. I can deal with the very broken English, but I can't deal with the non-conventional ways of answering the phone or doing business online.While it's more expensive to have the clothes done at the hotel, at least I know that they'll get done.I went to this cleaner for convenience. What a mistake it was. They absolutely destroyed my favorite dress. It went in perfectly fine and came out pink! The woman told me it was not her problem and that they weren't a magic shop! Absolutely terrible service. I have had the dress cleaned before with absolutely no problem. Use at your own risk.WORST dry-cleaners in town. They lie about stains putting burn marks on shirts and saying it was already there. Breaking off buttons then charging to put back on. Look I have used dry cleaners for years and occasionally have mishaps but this place is every time I take something. I have took the same brand shirts there for over a year. When I received my shirts yesterday they told me my shirts are too big for the machine and from now on they are going to charge me for hand pressed!!!! Out of nowhere. So over a year these shirts fit but not now? They don't care about your clothes. Don't take! Pay more elsewhere for better quality.Charlotte location is closed for business.  I went there tonight without thinking to check their actual website to see what locations are open.The food was rock bottom. It was so disappointing that  me and two my friends could not finish our meals.We went for lunch on Sunday Afternoon.  We sat there for ten minutes and nobody acknowledged us or came to our table.  A waitress passed our table two times and chose not to make eye contact with us.  Servers congregated at the hostess stand.  We walked out and still nobody noticed.  This used to be my favorite place uptown.  Really disappointed.Bad service and mediocre food served cold.  If you have a large group and want to get together for lunch you would be better off bringing a bag lunch and meeting in a park.  We made reservations but it took 30 minutes for our order to be taken and the food didn't show until an hour later at which point we all had to get back to work. And, the food was cold.The kicker is that this  wasn't the first time this has happened.  A few weeks ago we all got exactly the same horrible level of service with cold mediocre food.If I could give negative star rating I would.My girlfriend and I were part of a friend's birthday party of about 12 adults on a Thursday night. It was not especially crowded (no wait) and we had reservations.

This is where my visit takes a turn for the worst. I haven't been to Baja Fresh in a few years, so I was thinking that this visit would remind me of when I liked them. The salsa was pretty good, to be honest. However, when I got my nacho burrito, I failed to tasted anything nacho-like. I looked into the burrito and notices little tortilla crisps, but because of the moisture of all the other ingredients inside the burrito, they had lost their crunch. There was also a lack of cheese flavor; you know, the cheese flavor that you would taste when you have nachos. What really ruined it was knowing that almost half of the burrito consisted of beans. It was as if they added extra beans behind my back. Not once in my order did I mention beans other than when I was asked what type of beans I wanted. I know about food costing and "dragging out" food so that the other ingredients last longer, but this was RIDICULOUS.Oh yeah, and while I was eating, one of the workers coughed and failed to wash their hands afterwards. How gross is that? If I go to a restaurant and a worker coughs in the open while preparing food I'm never coming back to that branch again. Yes, it was indeed "cold season" when I visited, but if you're sick, STAY HOME. Overall: Don't even think about coming here

B: Tip?

#UnsatisfiedStayed here four times over five years. Each time it got worse. Was assigned a smoking room when we specifically asked for nonsmoking. They had a convention and said no other rooms were available. The room stank of smoke, was filfthy dirty with cigarette burns on the furniture, drapes and bedspread.  There were no toiletries. Asked front desk for housekeeping and they never came even after two requests.

Oh, and they are making me wait 7-10 business days (so really like TWO WEEKS) for my refund, when it only took them seconds to take my money.

I had a pork tenderloin, in a shiitake mushroom sauce with bacon, Penne pasta. The pasta was mushy from not cooking with a large pot of boiling water. My buddy had a steak which came out tough and even though he asked for medium well, it came out pretty well done.Dessert of apple icecream with cinnamon apple crepe was not interesting. apple ice cream tasted artificial and crepe was thick and soggy.Las Vegas has good food, but this place does notAVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.Came here for a late dinner around 10pm the last time I was in Las Vegas and while the ambiance was relatively pleasant, I was thoroughly appalled by the overpriced food they were serving and the incredibly slow (non) service.If you're forced to eat here, definitely sit outside on the patio. People raving about the ambiance like it is was God's gift to men--wait, what? Have you never seen the sky before? It was simply a restaurant with patio seating with views of the artificial sky dome of the Venetian Hotel plaza. If you wanted a nice meal under the "sky", chewing a piece of gum outside on the Strip would be more enjoyable.  Also, descriptions of this place being classy is REALLY pushing some low standards.Service was nonexistent and glasses were left unfilled for 30+ minutes. They only took our drink orders at the beginning of the meal and never asked again. One should never be left thirsty in Las Vegas.The food here is on par with a Chili's (ew). We ordered Caprese, Beef Carpaccio, and a charcuterie plate.  Our waiter messed up the order and gave us a Calamari (the calamari wasn't awful). The meats in the charcuterie assortment were sodium-loaded and of very low quality and for the first time in my life, I left unfinished slices of proscuitto on the plate.  I ordered gnocchi, and it was not good--pasta texture was soggy and overcooked, served lukewarm, bolognese sauce tasted like it came out of a can leftover from WWII. Tried some of my friend's pizza...wish I hadn't.Ordered hazelnut gelato for dessert--too sweet and literally the smallest portion of gelato I have ever received. How did we go from large, crass serving portions to Canaletto's sad attempt at molecular gastronomy dessert plating?You'd be better off saving your time and money by having a satisfying quick meal at the food court if you're hungry in the Venetian.Amazing food. We really love it. Only one slight problem. We like to sit at the bar. Our last two trips there have been interrupted by cockroaches crawling up the front of the bar inches from my wife. Once, we gave them a pass, twice we called the Clark County Health Department.  Risotto at $22...does that include or exclude the roaches....you'd never be able to tell!Food just ok for a $130 dinner but the service was by far the worst we had ever had in a nice restaurant.   Won't go back and can't recommend it.After just having such an excellent and wonderful experience with both food and service at the Canaletto in Newport Beach, I was utterly disappointed in this LV location.I had the most condescending and rude server....ever!!If it wasn't a business dinner, I would of complained about him right there and then. Better yet, I would of said something to his face. I mean who...WHO would actually say, "What do you mean by bland?" Which was said with the most sarcastic tone and look on his face. I mean do I have to really explain what bland means to a server??!!  He works for a restaurant, for goodness sake. Did I really need to pull out my phone and Google the word for him? Bland means no taste, needs more seasoning, taste like nothing...no flavor! But really, how about taking it as a cue that I didn't like it. Perhaps even ask me if I wanted something else in replace of that? Any "nice, sit down" restaurant would do that. Even Applebee's would do that. But instead, he had the nerve to ask one of the other business associates, who had ordered the exact same thing, and sat all the way across the table, if his was also bland. What the??! But I shouldn't feel so special. He had that condensing tone with a few others, even right as we sat down. I won't go into every detail or else this would be an essay. He even threw in some inappropriate comments. It was just so awkward for him to be standing over me that I didn't want to make a scene and just said never mind and continued to eat this undesirable dish. Believe me, it was hard. More so, if you know me..it was really, really hard not to say anything. This guy was just a complete joke and definitely should not be working in the hospitality industry. Even Applebee's servers wouldn't dare speak to their patrons like that. Everyone was trying to keep their professionalism throughout the night as we were all looking at each other dumbfounded by this guy's actions.Fortunately, one of the other associates I was sitting next to, took it upon himself to inform the restaurant as we were wrapping up for the night. Supposedly, they took my meal off the bill and two others that had issues with theirs as well. But really, what was that going to do for us at that time. My meal was being taken cared of by the company and that wasn't the point. I would of appreciated an apology from the server or management. But no one came to the table to do so. I guess that goes to show you that the restaurant as a whole does not apply the same patronage or customer service values that this so called fine dining chain does at the Newport Beach location.BTW, the server's name is Josh. Yup, if you're reading this, Applebee's would of chewed you up and spit you out for this. You're a douche for all those comments and a horrible server. Just plan bad.Very disappointed with this restaurant. waiters and atmosphere were great but it goes downhill from there. Most of the food was terrible.

Shame on them.Where do I even begin... I hired this woman as my divorce attorney and that's where I went wrong. She's got a snarky attitude and certainly does not have any intention on showing up to your court date, well not mine at least. She sent her assistant lawyer ,who I had never met, to court in her place. I paid a retainer to Rhonda Mushkin and she did not represent me in court. Shame on you Rhonda Mushkin for your lack of integrity!No. Just. No. The decor was a little loud for my taste, and the same Selena dvd was played three times while we were there, which got old real fast. It's also not in the best part of town, but hey, it happens. The food was good, I'll give them that. I ordered the ropa vieja, and enjoyed it, or would have if they'd gotten the order right. It states quite clearly on the menu that ropa vieja comes with papas fritas (french fries). My plate came with white steamed rice and a bowl of beans. When I asked the waitress politely about my fries, she told me (rudely) that my meal did not come with fries. I protested, saying it was on the menu, and she told me outright that I was wrong, and walked away. I had no menus handy or I would have showed her. Half the reason I ordered what I did was because I was craving some french fries. I don't think I've ever been told flat out that I was WRONG at a restaurant before. Not only that, but we ordered ONE pitcher of margaritas, but she brought out another over the course of the meal, which we did not drink or order. These margaritas were awful. I don't think they used real tequila. No one at our table finished a glass. Then we were told we were being charged $24 a pitcher, when we hadn't even touched the other pitcher. Um. No. Not only that, but we had a rather large party. I understand that this can be difficult for small restaurants. However, when we arrived, there was only one other table occupied. But people who came in after us starting receiving their food before a quarter of the people at our table received their meals. Come on! You don't serve the new orders before you've gotten the first table done! Other people at my table got the wrong food, too. My father-in-law can't eat cheese, and so he specifically requested NO CHEESE in the enchiladas or on the beans. He received cheese on both and had to send it back. The service here was AWFUL. The waitress was surly and never available except when she brought a plate of food out (which was once every ten minutes). I absolutely DO NOT recommend this place, especially if you have a group of people over four. Too bad, cause the food is good.My wife and I ate here over a year ago, and I was very disappointed in the meal.  I agree that for the price, I'd expect a nicer place with better service and not an entrance from the parking lot that is like a service entrance.The food was nothing special.  It is an amalgam, and that's not what we were looking for.  We wanted good Cuban food.  Not here.  This is the one food area where Las Vegas is really lacking.I was excited to get me one of them Cuban sandwiches. The bread was nothing to write home about, but it was ok.They charged me $9 for a $5.95 Cuban sandwich. I asked the server if she charged me for 2 sandwiches cuz the menu indicates the price of $5.95. The lady then gave me $3. I asked my buddy's roommate about the place and he said, "F@#k that place. They charged me $20 for the food and drink. The actual price was $12. I recommend that you add the bill yourself before you get over charged. Check your bill before paying.Mamacita, either learn to add or stop ripping off customers. Yelp is here to help.My friend Karen had seen this restaurant and had made mental note that she wanted to give it a shot. We decided this is where we would do dinner last night, before hitting up the Western for $1 shots and beers and then to Dino's for Karaoke. Wow where do I start? Waited about 15 minutes until we were finally approached for a drink order, let alone questions regarding the menu. I had never had Cuban food at a restaurant so I was a bit clueless on what certain things were. I asked the waitress what the house specialty is or what is ordered the most and or popular, she then points out a few things on the menu and says this is OK, um that is OK. Well you know what lady, I am looking for more than just "OK". Crappy service for starters, after finally coming to take our order it took another 15 minutes or so to get our drinks. The food took forever, and only two of four meals were brought. So I am sitting waiting until my friends food comes so I can eat. I said screw it, my fajitas are getting cold waiting so I dug in! After the non helpful suggestions from the waitress, I decided to play it safe and ordered the beef and chicken fajitas which came with a side plate of rice and beans. The fajitas were a large portion of dry unseasoned chicken and beef. Not much flavor at all to speak of. I have had better fajitas at El Torito's. Disappointment for me as even the rice and beans were bland, very bland! Friend #1 ordered a bowl of menudo, she said the flavor was not the best and she is an old school menudo eater. She asked the waitress prior if it their menudo had a red or white base, the waitress pulled the menu and pointed to the picture and said that is what it looks like. Also her plate was a sloppy mess when it arrived, menudo juice all over the plate and running down the side of the bowl, the presentation was just bad. I know they were rushing to get orders out but there is just no excuse for that slop to be dropped at anyone's table. I attached a picture, check it out.Friend #2 got the Tequila pollo dish with a side order of chile releno. The chicken was one big slab on the plate, would have made a better eater friendly and a visually appealing meal had they sliced it. The portion was generous but did not matter as the taste once again was bland as the other dishes we tried. Friend #3 got some sort of beef dish that was nothing but grizzle, all she was able to eat was the white rice and the black beans she spit up. Literally had a plate of wasted meat left. She probably should have sent it back as was basically inedible. The service was slow, and not very friendly, did not seem like a good outcome if a complaint was issued, I think that is the vibe we felt. Still I would have issued my complaint as they can not improve something if they are not aware or getting the complaint. Service and food very disappointing. The tab was $80.00 for four of us for bad service and plain, unflavored food. We will NOT be back. Also the flat screen TV blasting the Michael Jackson videos, over and over and over and over and over was overkill. We could not hear each other so we had very little conversation between the four of us. A hilarious moment, the waitress walked past our table and because the music video was soooooo freakin loud the waitress did not even hear my friend calling her! We just wanted to ask if they could turn it down. Several other patrons were talking about it as well. Ok they were not talking about it as I could not hear anyone, I mean I was lip reading along with watching people point to their ears so I am assuming they were thinking the same as we were that the music was way too loud. Don't get me wrong...music is my life but when I dine I am not really down for a taped concert at the same time. It was ridiculous how loud it was.This place sucks balls...and not the good kind! This place just gave reason for a bitch fest that night from my friends, and they are not even Yelpers! I never want to endure that again!They should also train their employees on cuban food, not cool for a specialty restaurant to have staff that is clueless in regards to the menu.Service sucksPoor foodPriceyI want to give Mamacita's a good review and it wasn't for lack of trying as I live Downtown, but I can't.. But basically I'd have to say the quality and freshness of the food and also the servie staff leave a lot to be desired. I had the huevos ranchero, and the portion's were poor for the price and the ranchero sauce was not fresh and the rice was cold. I tried it again and had a cuban sandwich and plantain's. The plantain's were undercooked on the inside and overcooked on the outside and flavorless,  the cuban was OK but the bread was dry. I gave it one more try walking home one night and decided maybe I should be going after their more expensive signature dishes. I went for the pork and ended throwing most it out after I choked down a few bites. It was super dry with no rub and lightly nuked. All in all there are much better places to eat that care about the quality of the food and service.Horrible, bad don't eat here. Staff doesn't care about service or quality of foodDO NOT RECCOMEND!!Chimichangas were hard as a rock.

EXTREMELY  DISAPPOINTED! !!Wow I feel sorry for this place. I went in on a Thursday night for a quick salad. The place was empty, only one other table. I got a greekfest salad. It was small had one olive and one onion slice and 3 pics of lamb meat for 12 bucks. I even got charged for the pita bread and tzitki sauce.Wow out the door for 20 dollars. Definitely won't be back.Wish I had followed Jayd's advice and specifically requested Jackie. I felt a proposal from my long term boyfriend was eminent (I was right) and wanted to get my nails done since I (finally!) stopped biting mine. I was fairly pleased with the look of my French tip manicure for the first two days. However, my tech (can't remember her name) was really aggressive with cutting my cuticles even though I jerked my hands back, "Oww!". Now, not even a week later my polish is hideously chipping and I have little skin tags above my cuticles due to her roughness. In spite of this fabulous ring on my finger I shun at showing it to people because of my gross nails. And I was charged $17 for a natural nail French tip?! Locating my polish remover now and will NEVER return!I would like to rate the work here, but sadly I can't. The sign on the door states that they open at 9am. I had some time before work and thought I would get a quick mani pedi. I waited for 20 minutes and they never opened. As a small business I would expect they would want to be open during posted business hours to bring in new customers. I won't give them a chance to waste my time again.Unless you have time to waste, don't go to this nail salon. Even when you make an appointment, they take clients up to the moment before your appointment so you have to wait 45 minutes.And when you show up (on time) they don't tell you that your appt will be 45 minutes later, they just tell you to pick a color so you have no idea that you will be waiting forever. By the time you realize what's going on, you have already been there so long you can't go somewhere else to get nails done in less time. Try kens nails instead, no matter when you show up, wait is never more than 10 or 15 minutes so they don't even do appts. They are in the Safeway shopping center on Indian school around 48th st.Or Biagio at 16th st and Glendale. If you make an appt there, you will be seen at the appt time. Both are a lot cleaner than dv nails which is extremely dirty.DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!My husband went to get a manicure and they cut his finger and he got sever INFECTION and it is very swollen!! He had to go to the doctor today!Horrible job!! I would give it a zero star if I could. Very unsanitary !would not recommend to anyone .Terrible service! I sat for 30 minutes watching people with appointments get served. No problem with them honoring appointments. Big problem with not communicating that they are booked and the wait time would be 1+ hour!I went here a few times just because it was conveniently close to my house. My nails turned out okay, but the last time I went was the last time I'll ever walk into this place. After 2-3 weeks, I needed an acrylic fill, and 2-3 weeks is the normal amount of time to come back, as everyone knows. For whatever reason, they decided (without telling me it was going to happen) that all my nails needed to be removed, so the lady took one acrylic nail, shoved it underneath my acrylic nails and ripped them off one by one. It was horrible. And if that isn't horrifying enough, they charged me $10 on top of my fill for the nail removal! Seriously? My nails were sore after that and I knew I wouldn't be going back.I'd recommend you just skip this place. I may pay a few bucks more now, but it's worth the service I get at my new salon. And they'd never rip my nails off like that. Ever.Not worth my time nor money. Tired this place since it is conveniently located down the street from my parents house but I would not return. Service is bad. I went on a Monday afternoon. Salon was nearly empty and waited 30mins to get my nails done. My mom done with her pedicure and I was still waiting in the chair to start my services. When asked to get them done at the same time, one (Julie) decided to fix the nail polishes instead of do my nails.There are way to many nail salons in the Biltmore area to come here and get treated this way.I made an appointment for 3:00 (arrived at 2:57) and I'm still waiting to have my nails worked on. Not sure why they take appointments if they will take walk-ins first. Had to leave since I have a later engagement and staying any longer would've made me late. My first time for a full here and definitely not impressed.this place looked beautiful but the nail

You can always give it a try, but I bet you won't come back... Especially with all the good restaurants in this area.This place is stupid .. Why have an apt time ? No matter what your gonna wait forever. Fuk them allScrew this place. Screw the fees. screw the staff. y'all can lick my fabulous crime committing criminal ass. Y'all damn well know no one likes you. For the record I'm innocent. I'm hella innocent.I didn't see anything, I don't know anyone, I can't get you anything, it wasn't me.If I could give 0 stars, I would!  I agree with the previous reviewer about the place being kind of scary.  The only positive thing that I can say is that they get you in and out very quickly.I did not like Dr. Okeke at all.  He was rude, condescending, and acted irritated and put-out by the questions I asked about the medication he wanted to give me.  He had no patience with me at all.  'Just shut up and take the pills I give you' was the attitude I got.  In addition, they don't give you any refills on the prescriptions and expect for you to come back every 3 weeks for "check-ups."  He refused to write me more than 3 weeks on the Rx he gave me despite the fact that I told him I had to wait until the end of the month until I got paid again before I could come back.  Sounds to me like you're more concerned with billing my insurance and getting paid than with helping patients.In addition, you also have to initial literally 4 pages!!! (2 full pages front and back) that you consent to pill counts, urine tests, you won't give your drugs to friends and family, drugs can cause addiction, they don't give refills on prescriptions, they have the right to refuse you service if you get belligerent with the doctors or staff, etc, etc.  Was I at a methadone clinic??Bottom line:  DON'T GO!!I wish I could give ZERO stars!!Rundown, crowded, overall unpleasant experience.

2. I was then told EVERYONE gets coverage because we'd be charged $90/day loss of use if anything happened to the car and my insurance wouldn't cover it. I agreed to this but when I looked at the bill for approval the agent had tacked on an additional $28.99/day for this.  Heck my rental was only $25/day!  I objected and asked her to remove this and she demanded I show her a proof of insurance card.  I told her I was insured with Allstate for over 25 years, she said 'So you don't have insurance' and indicated she'll note this on the rental - I had no insurance..with a scowl.  I told her I'd be happy to dial Allstate right then so she could verify but she insisted I present the actual card. In 20 years of rentals this has never happened....3.The actual car was fine but upon return, 2 different agents were unable to print out a receipt. I waited since I didn't trust my initial rental experience.  They eventually got me a printout from the main booth. We only did a little driving in downtown Phoenix so I didn't refill.  The receipt showed I was charged $9.98 / gallon when gas is selling for $1.79... seems a bit excessive. I'm actually a Hertz Gold member but I never even went down that road with them and likely won't in the future.  Wow...what a HUGE difference between Brand expectation and Brand experience... Bottom Line..Hertz..Hurtz. :(37 people in line. 3 staff. I could have walked to my destination before getting this rental car.My family and I rented a car through Priceline for $444.90 and was directed to Hertz Rent A Car in Phoenix, AZ.  Upon arriving at Sky Harbor, we were provided our car at the rental counter.  Upon returning the vehicle the following week, we dropped our car at the same location that was absent of a Hertz Representative Upon reviewing our credit charges, we noticed Herz charged an additional $458.69 claiming we upgraded our vehicle.  At no time did we upgrade our vehicle or request to upgrade our vehicle.  We were only asked if we wanted to accept their liability insurance, which we declined because we purchased it also on Priceline. Upon contacting Hertz Corporate Office, they refused to remove the charge, claiming we agreed to an upgrade?  Why would we seek discounts via Priceline to then pay an additional $458.00 to upgrade to a Camry????  Thats $900.00 for a ONE WEEK RENTAL!!  Be careful with Hertz, read your contract even when the representative is telling you it's only for INSURANCE!!  They even charged us a $39.00 fee for late return, even though we returned 2 hours prior to return time!  They only removed this fee after I advised them that my return time of 11pm was the same time as my flight time..and we had evidence to prove this.  I will email the CEO!!!This is more of an overall Hertz negative review, but it did happen in Phoenix. Gold member, so you expect good service, especially when you are paying a premium compared to other care rental services. Had the car at the hotel and was headed out. Car would not start. Hertz would not bring us a car but said we could ride with the tow driver -- in the opposite direction of where we needed to be -- to get a new car. Would not reimburse for a taxi to our destination. Then, said we had to be within eyesight of the car for the tow driver instead of just giving the driver our phone number! Amazing. if we were not there, Hertz was going to fine us. Are you kidding? We were headed to a restaurant across the street (since we didn't have a car and had to change our plans). Worst service ever -- happens every time we have a problem with a Hertz car. My husband's company is working to change car rental companies, thank goodness!Not surprised by the other negative reviews. Glad to see Enterprise and Budget have good reviews in this area so there is hope.Terrible- the worst. Tried to force me into insurances, offered me special rates, but only if I would take their insurances, ended up walking down the corridor to another company for a QUARTER of the priceI should go to court and sue them but it's not worth my time.They are ignorant, cynical, unprofessional and denying their own promises and rules.It cost me $1000s and 80 plus hours on the phone to fight overcharges based on new rules they made up on the spot. And above all, they ruined my and my friends vacation, knowingly. basically because they could.This company and especially this office shouldn't not be in business. I'd rather understand a butcher shop not closed for selling rotten mice as beef than this Heartz office open and allowed to pretend they serve customers and do their job.*ZERO STARS*I rented a car from this Hertz last weekend. They told me that the loss damage waiver would cover a mud obstacle course I was a part of, so I bought it. Then I was charged fees for bringing the car back dirty. If I knew that it wouldn't be covered, I wouldn't have gotten the loss damage waiver and I would have brought the car back clean.They won't answer their phone to talk about the issue, and the corporate office of Hertz say that they can't do anything about the charges, saying that I have to deal with the branch instead. Congratulations Hertz, you have lost my business.Unreal!!!!!

0-2 stars for serviceFirst impression was great!  Family sharing food off to the right and they looked happy. I was doing takeout and was greeted by 2 females. The awkward moment came when I had to ask for a menu,they didn't even ask if I wanted to eat here or takeout. They don't have lunch specials on the weekend but that wasn't stated on the menu. Different sizes of meals and appetizers not listed on menuThey gave 2 free egg rolls with the meal but they

Halo did look good the service was so

Our orders were simple: two burgers. Mine was fine, but mom ordered a chicken Whisky River BBQ and it was so salty that she had them remake it. That wasn't a huge issue, though.If you ever eat here, only eat with Bruce if you're not in a hurry - he was slow when refilling our drinks, we had to ask for boxes three times because he kept walking away and doing other sidework for his empty tables. I overheard how he forgot things for one of his other tables next to us. And while he was pleasant, he would essentially come by, set your food down, and rush off to do whatever else he was thinking about.Not a good Red Robin experience at all; probably my worst. Unfortunately will be back, because the mall location is even worse in service, but hopefully there are some other servers at this location who are better.Stay Away...We waited 1  1/2 hrs for our food. Terrible service. I asked to speak to manager. She was no help. She was so busy, doing nothing. I asked for a spoon and was told they were in the dishwasher. REALLY? It was 11:30 am. They just opened. Very poor management. There are too many other places to eat.Will never return...Cannot believe this place is allowed to represent the Red Robin brand. Upon entering, met by a snarky host- seats us by the bathrooms, after we clearly requested not to be. Place wasn't even half full, and there was a table, (clean) further away. Requested that table, he mistook one that was dirty and immediately replied "I am not cleaning that table for you" and walked away. Next, ordered spinach dip without onions. MANAGER delivered them to the table. Pointed out to her dip was ordered without onions. She asked if it was because of allergies, we responded no, just don't want onions. She gave us a nasty look and said "Fine, we will fix it"- when she returned with it, they had scooped out the center of the dip, covered it with a tiny bit of cheese and slammed it down on the table. Mind you we are in los of the kitchen.... so we saw it in action. Our food order sat in window for ten minutes, waiter and manager were giggling about it sitting there. Finally one waitress overheard our comment re be nice to get our order... brought it out, food quality was HORRIBLE. Chicken was old and rubbery- nasty. So, they get a star, not because they earned it, but because I can't  choose lesser value. Kenny- get it together, manager- take a nap or something- you are not a good example of quality service. It is no wonder why your staff are as poorly responsive as you are. Never again- matter of fact- considering call to corporate- so many more nasty little occurances, too numerous to list here. Stay away from this place, bad food, horrible service, lack of concern for the folks who patron this establishment. Have been to other Red Robins without issue- this place is awful.Saturday night.2 burger plates and a kids meals took over an hour to be serve. Other parties were seated after and served before us.Service was shit. Food wasn't enjoyable  after waiting that long.

Other than this, I have never been impressed with SteinhafelsTerrible shopping experience!  My better half and I were looking at living room furniture at Steinhafel's and didn't find it, but we saw a couple nice occasional pillows we wanted to buy.  We asked a salesperson where the check-out counter was, and she steered us to a nearby kiosk. So far, so good.  She entered our purchase, and I wrote out a check to pay for it.  Over and done, right?  Ha.  I finished writing the check, and she said, "Oh, we don't take checks."  I was amazed, but she said they only take credit/debit cards or cash. We decided to pay cash (and I was thinking, "well, that's pretty customer-unfriendly,"), but it continued to go downhill from there.   She started asking for our address, phone number, etc. and I said,"We're going to pay cash."  She said, "I know, but I have to put you in the system."  What?? No choice, no "would you like to be in our system to expedite your next purchase here?" They HAVE to get you "in the system?"  What if we don't want to be in the system, we just want to pay for our stuff and go?  Had I been by myself, I would have left the pillows there and walked.  But my spouse, who is infinitely more patient than I am, gave her the information.  The saleswoman (who was very pleasant, just encumbered by a ridiculous system) entered all our information, which took way too long, told us an amount, and I counted out the exact dollar amount and change.  Then she informs us that we can't pay at the kiosk, we have to go to the front of the store to pay.  We all walk up front, and the woman working the counter is on the phone.  So we wait to hand her the money.  When she gets off the phone, she enters the info and gives us an amount slightly higher than what the saleswoman had said.  I was still holding what I thought was the exact amount, and she said,"Uncle Sam has to get paid." I replied, "I realize that, but why didn't the saleswoman either include that tax or at least let us know the amount she gave was minus tax?"  What a tedious, convoluted process to buy two pillows!  It took a good 15-20 minutes, when it should have taken less than 5.  I couldn't wait to get out of there and I don't plan on returning.I have to say that i really feel lied to by the salesperson at steinhafels madison - i asked for same day delivery she said no - their website clearly says same day delivery - so im left waiting - they were supposed to call or email me about delivery of my very expensive mattress no call no email - what am i supposed to wait all day at my house for my delivery - the women also lied and told me each modal of mattress has a different name at various stores a fact that was just another used car salesman pitch - thus the same exact mattress was 400 dollars less down the street at A1 shame on you steihafels for ripping off a veteran who simply wanted to get a mattress that would help him not be in pain - buyer beware of this place i hope they are proud of themselves - my next step is to call corporate about this sales person.Another fine rip on american scammery brought to you by thehikerbox please keep reading my yelps as i aim to expose every scam or crap in madison that i canPeace!!!!!!!!!About a week ago we spend over 2500 dollars at steinhafels and ordered more than 5 pieces of furniture two bar stools, a kitchen table with 6 chairs, an ottoman , and a nightstand. Today the night stand and the bar stools arrived both damaged. The nightstand had a chunk missing from the top back corner and the bar stools were both missing hardware to assemble them. When I called customer service to inquire about replacing the pieces, the service representative Mary Kay was extremely rude and curt. She told me that a service representative would be available the next day too provide the hardware on the bar stools. Then she refused to give me any sort of timeframe as to when the service man would be able to come by. Apparently their philosophy is that you have all day to sit around and wait for them to repair their shoddy furniture. Mary Kay didn't even ask me specifically how many pieces of hardware were missing from the bar stools so I am expecting the serviceman to come tomorrow without the hardware that he needs to remedy the issue; this is going to lead to more wasted time and we can all agree that time is the most valuable commodity we all have.Women steer clear!  I couldn't get anyone to help me in this store!  Salespeople would apparently rather do nothing than wait on a woman by herself.  They waited on couples and single men but not me.  I was there a long time.A former employee later verified this is common.  Women - I guess they don't think we have money!  Go somewhere that appreciates your business!I have a lot of space to fill.  I'll be spending money somewhere!Went with a good friend to compare prices on beds and mattresses.  Sales associate became pushy, insulted other businesses, was not respectful . He follow us around complaining about his competitor until we told him we were finished and walked out.Don't try and call the local store in Madison you can't get through to anyone unless you have 15 minutes to kill.They have nice furniture.  It's a bit overpriced, but I'll pay more to deal with brick and mortar rather than an online retailer.  Unfortunately the customer service is awful, and they won't stand behind their products if you don't buy their extended warranty.  I've dropped at least $15,000 here over the years but I'm done.Every time we make a purchase from this company my wife and I end up regretting it. Many years ago it was a recliner that took 6 months to come in and no one could tell us why. Last year, it is a modular sectional that was delivered without all the pieces we ordered and some pieces that were delivered were not constructed properly to fit together. Recently, it was a floor lamp that was supposed to take a week and a half and it took over 4 months. You call in for a resolution and get no where. Their customer service is a JOKE, just saying anything to get you off the phone or they hang up on you as happened to me when trying to reach them. I asked multiple times when I could expect it in and was told 1-2 weeks every time. On one call I was told that it would be on the next shipment then later in the conversation the same rep told me there is no way to know what is included in each shipment...wait didn't you just tell me that it will be on the next shipment this coming week now you say that there is not way to tell. Then the rep proceeded to stammer an incoherent answer explaining that there is no way to tell when it will be in but early next week is the eta. If it is an eta why tell me that it will be next week when you really have no idea. Or better yet have the foresight to call you customers and let them know there is a problem. Horrible customer service all the way around. I will not even bother shopping with your company in the future as a result.Horrible company to work with and there are plenty of other options in the Madison area.  We will not be back.Edit (5/26/16): We recently needed to have a piece of the aforementioned sectional fixed because of shoddy workmanship on the wood frame on it's interior.  I called on Monday of last week to schedule a tech was told someone could be at my home the next afternoon.  They did not know what time but it would be before 2:30 as that was their last appointment time for my area.  The next day, Tuesday, no one showed but I did get a call at 4:30 letting me know that my appointment had to be rescheduled.  Thanks for having me waste my whole afternoon.  I asked to speak to a manager and Steve Steinhafel called me.  I was surprised by this and had hope that this meant I would get answers for some questions I had.  It turned out Steve has no real ability to provide customer service aside from saying, "I'm sorry that this has happened to you" after each statement I made.  I asked him to provide me with one, just one, good reason why after all of my experiences with his company that I would consider doing business with Steinhafels' in the future.  His only response was that he understood entirely why I felt the way that I did and that my concerns were valid.  I know they are valid, but thanks for dodging my concerns entirely, condescending, and neglecting to provide even a single reason to continue spending money with your company.  Later in the conversation I advised my wife and I will be looking to purchase a new bedroom set and will be spending a great deal of money in the near future and asked again for a reason to consider Steinhafels.  Again I received an answer that avoided the question and patronized my intelligence as a consumer.  This is they company that you are choosing to do business with if you step into their stores.  This is a manager that appears to be related to ownership.After that I was done speaking with him.  He had won.  I no longer had any interest in speaking with him and he had successfully gotten me off the phone.  Great customer service...  I hope someone at Steinhafel's reads this and sees that this past weekend I did purchase a new bedroom set from a competitor and didn't give Steinhafel's even slight consideration because of the conversation I had with Steve Steinhafel.  It is my hope that you either consider putting more money into customer service or cut it entirely because they aren't doing anything to earn repeat business.Um, I called to get a quote on a mattress that is sold at a few other stores.  They refused to give me a price over the phone.  Guess who's not going to Steinhafels.............When you see a featured ad in the Sunday paper you would expect to see the item at the store, right? Not at Steinhafels. Why advertise if you don't have the inventory?  Makes no sense at all.I purchased a leather couch and chair 1-1/2 years ago.  The dye came off the leather chair.  They said they cannot fix it because it is over the year warranty.  When I purchase the furniture they talked me into getting an extra protection warranty on it.  Come to find out they won't cover it either.  I have purchased all my furniture from Steinhafels since we moved here 16 years ago.  They just lost a good customer.  I won't shop their again.  I expect good customer service since I have been a loyal customer.Overpriced rip off. $10 for 6 bun-sized, spicy diarrhea bread. Cold. I say spicy diarrhea, since that's what happens after eating the overpriced obesity & diarrhea inducing bakery item.Was in Madison sat Aug 8th 2015 I bought the famous cheese bread don't waste your money. The bread had a bit of cheese nothing special. I was even overcharged paid $ 9.75 I guess should have been $9.00 which is still to much. Not worth more than a few bucks and even then I would not buy it again. These people must not have ever had good bread. Maybe it was better years ago.Second visit was a disaster.  I had called on a Thursday for a Monday appointment.  My needs were simple.  I wanted a oil change an tire rotation.  The only reason I chose Midas was because they can rotate your tires in a cris-cross  pattern and the rapid oil changes places cant.  I specifically asked the manager, Jonathan, if I could get in and out quickly and he said it would be no problem.  Come Monday I bring my car in at the appointed time and they don't pull it into the garage for 15 minutes.  They start to work on it in another 15 minutes and over time inform me that I need a wiper blade and a new air filter.  I wait and wait and my car is just sitting there.  I ask the manager why so long and they inform me that they are waiting on the air filter and it may take another hour.  WTF  2 1/2 hours for an air filter?  I asked the manager if he remembers my call and specific request and he just gives me a dull stare.  I ask for an apology and he says ' stuff happens , ya know' Never again.......I had bad experience in this place they can not fix my car and i took appointment all day after all they said we could not do itI've been to this location twice now for relatively simple maintenance. The first was an oil change. Less than 24 hours later I needed my car (2013 Subaru Outback) to be towed from my house because they improperly filled the oil. It was overfilled by several quarts and the engine was sputtering. I was told that the oil gun was miscalibrated, but the bottom line is that someone didn't do an oil change properly (dipstick, anyone?). I went back to this location because I had a free oil change coupon, and I figured that this time they would be more careful. Oil changes are simple. However, I also needed brake work. My rear brake pad got stuck, started grinding, and at this point I needed new rotors in the back. Pretty simple, and the manager would be working on it this time. They even claimed to have cleaned my front brakes to make sure the front didn't run into the same problem. Nice. Once again, as soon as I get on the highway over 60mph the whole car starts vibrating. Now there's a terrible grinding coming from the FRONT brakes. Now I'm at work, I have to get my son from daycare later this afternoon and I have no working car. I'm so mad that I can barely type. I have done both of these maintenance tasks before and there's no reason a professional should be messing them up. How are you not careful with brakes, knowing that there are children passengers. Avoid this place. It's not worth it. Both times I've gone there, my car left in worse shape then it showed up.Girl I worked with had a son who needed numerous operations. Every time they went to St. Mary's, the hospital had to borrow equipment from Meriter. Finally, she just switched insurance so they could go to Meriter. That was 20 years ago. Two years ago my father in law was rushed to the ER. It turned out he had A plastic anemia. They again had to borrow equipment from Meriter. It was unbelievable! The whole experience was so bad that all six family members decided we would never to to St. Mary's if possible. I do like my Gastro Intestinal doctor, Dr. Hamilton, but I would avoid the hospital whenever possible. I've had surgeries there, and my last I was astounded by how filthy the room was where I was first taken. The nurse also had me walk in my encapsulated shoes into the operating room. I guess they never heard of MRSA or other germs. Meriter is the only hospital in town where I feel safe.Parking is a ripoff and all signs in the building are posted poorly.  Going from the parking lot to a level on the Atrium elevators is a complete maze.  Information staff lacks customer service skills by texting from their personal phones instead of greeting customers.  When I approached the desk with a question, one woman walked away without acknowledging me and the other took her time on a phone call.We had bought each other the double massage and steam room on a weekend, we were very excited and hugely disappointed.  The attendent told us that the steam room had hot parts that were very dangerous, it was dark, and you couldn't see where the dangerous parts were, one of us opted out immediately, the other stayed in and barely got out.  The heat was turned way, way up and there was no way to control it.  She had said that the shower was cold, but it was actually cold and hot, so I burned myself on that.  But I did miss whatever the dangerous hot part was.  We were supposed to have the double massage room to privately wait in when the service was described to us, but instead it was occupied.  So we were in the public waiting room and I was uncomfortable, because I am larger and my robe was too small.  The attendant kept insisting it fit me when it clearly didn't.   So I am in a public place with mixed sexes, unsure my robe closes and so warm from the steam room of death, I am starting to feel sick.  We then waited for 45 mintues, the deal had been a 20 minute steam room with hour massages, so I don't know why we had this long wait.  We had carefully picked out people to do our masages, one had quit by the time we got there.  The other one, who I had picked, insisted that she was working on my partner, not me.At that point, we were done.  We left, the owner was supposed to call us, and he never did.We wasted an incredible amount of money for nothing.  My partner said that the whole place was creepy, I was intially taken in by the new age hype, don't be.WARNING: do not try to go to this spa if you believe women should have the right to make decisions about their own body!This spa requires a note from my doctor to have a prenatal massage - which my doctor will not provide since being required to tell a spa about my medical condition violates some of the HIPAA law. I offered to sign a waiver, but apparently a pregnant woman is not capable of making decisions for herself. I will never frequent this spa - even after I have the baby which is unfortunate as I love spas and just recently moved to the area.In response to the owner: I have gotten prenatal massages at several spas, many nationally recognized, that do not require the note. They trust me to discuss my health with my physician and make an informed decision. Requiring a note demonstrates a paternalistic attitude, showing a belief that pregnant women can't be trusted to talk to their health providers on their own and make sound decisions."Best of Madison" is a total JOKE when you are talking about this "Spa".  The receptionist is rude, they NEVER have openings for services, and Nichole & Duke do not return phone calls. Do not buy gift cards, as once you have one you will not be able to get an appointment, but "their policy is not to reimburse you" so you cannot get an appointment and you cannot get your money back.  They win. Elements is not far from Kneaded Relief  in Fitchburg, and they call in more massage therapists to make sure you get an appointment.  Go there for a better price and experience.Called them to find out if my package needed to be signed for . I was at work at this time . They said they couldent help because they and ups are different companies.  Lmao they have ups in there name may they should not include ups in name if not same company.Let me preface this review by saying I love Asian markets (Pacific Produce is where it's at!) - mostly for the incredibly inexpensive fresh ingredients one can find - this grocery is no exception - very inexpensive fresh stuff.However, there are some issues here...the fish is basically laying out with a small amount of ice..yeah enormous shrimp are at $12 a pound but the conditions they are *maybe* kept in (no service anywhere to let me ask/smell product...) made me think more than twice about everything else in the place...There are tons of multi-national ingredients here other than Chinese (Mexican, Middle-eastern, Thai,  Korean), but nothing has an expiration date. My fella' got some beer here (point special tall boys) and was all sorts of excited abut the price until he tasted it - skunky...Essentially from what I saw...and the fact that beer cannot be trusted here...selection means nothing if I don't have the peace of mind to taste anything...Selling rotten produce for extremely high prices.  Total ripoff!  Will absolutely not be back.I love Mangosteens.  They're hard to transport, so buy them when you're in Asia.  These clowns decided to try selling them.  A bag of about 10 mangosteens for $17.50.Each and every one of them was rotten.  Absolutely inedible.  I've heard management fighting with customers here before, I won't bother trying to get satisfaction from them.  It's not worth the headache.  But It's only fair to share my experience.  Selling rotten fruit for sky high prices?  It's cost you a customer.Very bad experience. I have bought one Chinese souce  which gone bad and they just argue and do not want to return money.Does this place even have a phone number? I can never reach the damn number. How do we even know if this place is openThere are few things that can go wrong when you give a drunk man a pizza and a side of breadsticks.  Whatever shortfalls a pizza may have are typically ignored in the drunken feeding frenzy or drowned out by copious lathering in ranch sauce.

Cons -- Ugh, where do I start? Everything else.Do you enjoy being treated like sh!t?  Do you like it when a greasy illiterate "maitre 'd" insults you?  If so the Italian Ghetto is for you.Will never be back. Look up the definition of rude and you will see a picture of the owner! I have never been so disrespected by someone...so much so that I heard what he said AFTER I left and I stopped my shopping trip and went back to confront him!!!I have never written a review before, but after a restaurant experience like this one, I felt as though it was necessary. Myself and 3 others came here after our finding out the restaurant we originally wanted to go to had an hour wait. Honestly, we would have been better off waiting an hour for that place. Our worst decision of the evening was choosing this restaurant. We were seated right away, but didn't receive our actual meals until an hour later. We received our appetizers fairly quickly, but 30 minutes went by after that and we hadn't heard anything about where our food was. Servers were coming out of the kitchen left and right with everyone's plate but ours. Our server then told us that they were backed up. It wasn't that busy in there at the time, and it sure didn't seem like they were backed up if everyone around us were getting their dinners. We even saw people sit down after us, finish their meals, and leave! We stopped another waiter and asked what could be taking so long, and he said they were just busy. We waited, and waited. The man who sat us seemed to be the owner/manager of the place, so we got his attention and kindly asked if he could check on our food because now it's been 40 minutes since our appetizers. He preceded to argue with us and say "I know when I sat you, and I sat you 20 minutes ago!" I've never had the owner of a restaurant basically call us liars and talk so rudely to us. How he could stand there and say that in a stern voice to us when we were the ones sitting there looking at our watches the whole time - I'll never know. The management was just terrible. That is $15 I'll never spend on a meal there again. We were thrilled to finish our food and receive our checks. Hopefully they'll read the note we left on the back of our receipt..but I have a feeling they could care less if they ever see their customers twice because they get a lot of one timer tourists. Oh, and their bread was extremely hard and cold. Awful experience.I recently ate at this restaurant and had a horrible experience.  I was forced to give it one star just to post this review!

ONE TOP OF THAT THEY NOW CHAEGE 5$ for EACH OVERDRAFT TRANSACTION.wells fargo is starting to look better and better.I was a member of Desert Schools for years and decided to change credit unions a few years back. The atmosphere was very unprofessional and unfriendly. A manager named Lisa Lowe (not sure of last name spelling) struck me as a snarky teenager that hated her employees. I witnessed her being disrespectful towards her tellers on multiple occasions. She dresses inappropriately for a banking environment. And she doesn't seem to know how to properly speak to members, remaining diplomatic while explaining basic fees. I worked in a similar field for years and it's an important and essential skill to have, to be able to explain fee changes (or any changes) to the member while still remaining friendly and staying loyal to your company. Lisa really seemed to struggle with this, and just came off as uninformed and annoyed.Desert Schools is one of the worst banking institutions I have come across in my life time.  Chase is worse then them and that isn't saying much.  There are plenty of other credit unions that are exceptional... Alliant is one of them!  Don't waste your time with this bankCUSTOMER SERVICE LINE WAS THE WORST PEOPLE IVE EVER TALKED TO IN MY LIFE.... Worst bank I've ever had to deal with... I called to get business account number, simple task, after numerous attempts of having to hang up and call back, they finally gave me a number, the WRONG number on purpose after we exchanged words.... That's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired. Then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while I'm out of town and can't go into a branch when they're clearly in the wrong.. Grow up and get better employees. I'm making sure everyone knows how I feel about this credit union. I definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future.I have been with Desert Schools Bank for apporx. 25 years, they used to make you feel special and offer great service and benefits. As the years go by they started acting more and more like a bank as their corperate mentality kicked in. I'm not sure if they were purchased or just went sour like most all banks. I had a home Mortage and a car loan there, both paid off. 2015 was the end for me, my wife had a couple of surgeries and missed time from work, then my wife lost her job. However we got a little behind on ONE of our many accounts, A joint account. All of a sudden the bank takes $250.00 out of my checking account the week of Christmas with no warning. Now that's just disgraceful customer service. Their now outsoarced Credit Cards started raising raising their interest rates and fees just like all the other banks as well. The last straw was when I called to pay off the balance of the account and was treated so rudly by first the woman at their call center and then by her boss, a manager of sorts somehow. At the end of the call I couldn't believe the way I was treated. I've never been called by a debt collector, but it couldn't be much worse. They told me they can take away my money any time they wanted, I then asked them if they normally drain someones account during Christmas or were we special. This man shouldn't be in any customer service position at all, very confrontational. He needed to prove his manhood at the office I guess, at this point he all but told me he was just going to take all of the money we owed out of my checking account, which he did within five minutes. I'm paying on a loan there and still have a direct deposit with them to do that, but surprise, they now are charging me for my checking account. I was told that would be free as long as I have direct deposit, that's a lie, They also started charging me other fees as well for who knows what. This bank can not be trusted with your money. They pretend to be great when times are good, but as soon as you have a temporary setback they attack your assets like a loan shark. Just when you need a month or two to get things straightened out. I already took my business somewhere else as did my wife, her daughter and son in law. The death of a once great Credit Union, Welcome Desert Schools Bank. We are back ahead of our bills like before despite these predatory practices we had to endure over the holidays. I hope you all had a Merry Christmas. I'd stay away from this bank if I were you.they do not  stand up for the consumer  against  businesses  they suck!I've been selling at Buffalo for several years now, and while sometimes I walk away with a pocket of cash and others not so much, I've learned how to judge pretty well what they're looking for (seasonal items, condition, etc). After a good closet cleaning, I decided to bring a couple of bags of what I thought worthy down to BE. Let's see, after scrutinizing most pieces for a good 2 minutes, asking other sales associates to look things over, etc, I was able to sell five items - three with tags still attached. Guess how much "cash" they offered me? TEN DOLLARS. Ten dollars for FIVE items. Ten dollars for 2 dresses, 2 new tops, and 1 new belt. Are you freaking kidding me? What a rip! That means, if ten dollars is 35% of the trade, all five items will retail for a total combined cost of what, less than $35? What a total scam. Silly me was so shocked I just took my joke of a trade and left, but now I'm kicking myself for not demanding an itemized receipt to see what my items will "really" retail (cause they sure as hell won't only cost a combined $35).Also, I brought in this gorgeous yellow 100% silk dress purchased at Anthro for over $100, and they said that if I dry cleaned it and brought it back (to remove 2 TINY spots on the bottom hem of the dress) they would purchase it from me - for SEVEN DOLLARS. So I'll spend $8 to dry clean it and then sell it for $7? Silly me but that just doesn't seem to add up. Seriously, Buffalo, stop ripping people off. You just look like a jerk. People, if you're not worried so much about the money aspect and are just looking for a change in wardrobe, organize a Frock Swap with a huge group of friends. You're bound to find way cooler items for no cost at all, and it's super fun to boot. Or, if you are worried about money, consign with other shops (for example, My Sister's Closet), but sure as hell don't do business here.Awful.The selection still consists mostly of t-shirts from the 90s and out of style clothing. Yet, when I bring in my VERY RECENTLY purchased designer clothes to sell to them--- they take nothing. Hmmm... someone needs to take a second look at how they manage their inventory.Today I went there for the last time. I brought a never-worn Banana Republic cashmere sweater, T-bags dress, JCrew dress, and new CHLOE dress (among other very good, wintery items) that the girl at the counter didn't take. She was about 18 and obviously wasn't trained to recognize good merchandise!! That's just lost money for them... considering they mark up what they buy from you by about FOUR TIMES as much as what they gave you for it.I suggest My Sister's Closet.I am officially boycotting this joint.  I have been shopping here for over 15 years. It was a really cool re-sale store where you good find some nice pieces for a decent price. They now have thrift store quality clothes at retail prices. My last few times in there I spent an hour or so shopping and left empty handed, waste of time, the only decent things I found were way over priced. They need to hire buyers with a better fashion sense, and that don't all look and dress the same.I'm with the reviewer from 1-4.  I've been shopping at BE since i was a kid in the 70's and after yesterday, I'm done.  I went in on Saturday and spent a couple hours, purchasing over $200 of clothes. Turns out one of the shirts I bought had 2 huge holes down the middle of the back, unsewable and totally unwearable.  I went back Sunday to see if I could return it for store credit and to trade in several bags of my old clothing.  Long story short; one of the managers gave me a really hard time about returning the shirt, as it had been half off, and she treated me like a total jerk for asking her to work with me, and acted like she was doing me the biggest favor in the world by accepting the return.  She was pretty snotty and rude.  THEN, when it was my turn to trade, a nice guy began helping me, and had accepted a couple of my things, and things seemed fine.  Said manager showed up, elbowed the guy out of the way, and began going through my items herself.  She purchased ONE item out of several large bags and sent me on my way.  It was an incredible blatant FU to me for "forcing her hand" when it came to my return.  What grade are we in again?  I am still amazed that this even happened.  What a great manager!  I bet her employees really enjoy working for her.  It's too bad, I found lots of clothes I loved, but I'll stick to other businesses, like My Sister's Closet and whatnot, where the employees are nice and don't sell clothes that can't be worn.I started shopping at Buffalo Exchange over 30 years ago, and their offerings have gotten worse over time.  They used to have an outstanding selection of vintage clothing, and now it seems there is a lot of newer JUNK.  I have been completely unsuccessful when it comes to selling, so I don't even try anymore because I get insulted when I am offered $6 for a $200 item, and do not understand their reasoning for why they don't think most of my things will sell--yet, there is an amazing amount of REALLY UGLY STUFF on the racks.  I think the salespeople and "buyers" are very ignorant about fashion.  All one has to do is look at how they dress...like bag people. 3/30/13TELL YOUR CONDESCENDING MANAGER TO WASH HIS HAIR AND TAKE A SHOWER.  Just because you are promoting the alternative lifestyle, doesn't mean customers won't be offended by filthy, uncombed hair and such a slovenly presentation. GROSS!!! FINALLY GIVING UP ON THIS JOKE OF A PLACE :PI'm writing this review purely as a seller. So I am a total shopaholic!  I guess that's what happens when you work in the industry.  Anyways, I cleaned out my closet and came here and they literally took 1 pair of jeans out of maybe 40-50 items.  I mostly brought in some old work clothes from Banana Republic and just some odds and ends that no longer fit.  This place is solely for indy/punky/trendy, which they do make quite clear so they are what they say they are which is good.  Makes me kind of wonder how many people buy and sell back the same items though...Ok, don't get me wrong I have found some unique stuff here, but that was years ago. Now I feel like I'm shopping at a target outlet with awful customer service. Half of the clothes there were shirts from target, and they were maybe 2 dollars cheaper than they were new, which is a bummer when you go in looking for something fun and creative and unique for a good price. On another note, the customer service just plain sucked. I don't go in expecting much, but for them to be rude is just such a turn off from the store. I want to love this store, but lately it just seems like a joke. I won't be giving them my business anymore.I had 2 bags of clothing & a bag of shoes I was wanting to sell, so took them here. All of the clothing I had brought in were either brand new (with tags still on them) or had been worn once, washed, and put in the go bag for not fitting right. They were brands such as Abercrombie & Fitch, BCBG, Ralph Lauren (to name the first few that were in the bag). They took not a single item & while I was waiting to get a balance of 0, I walked around their store to see what sort of items & prices they had; they had nothing special, and at prices that left me wondering why anyone shops here instead of at regular stores to pay the same for brand new clothing. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO SHOP OR SELL HERE, IT IS NOT WORTH YOUR WHILE.I felt the buyer I encountered today was very uninformed, unqualified and quite frankly rude in his opinions of the brand of clothing I had brought in. I don't care if you buy the whole bag or none of it, that decision alone should suffice.I also don't care to know what you personally think about the design aesthetic of a brand. After so many years of exemplary service in both the sales and buying departments it annoys me to see the tittle of buyer handed out to whomever.Looks like a great store, with reasonable prices - I wanted to get a bouquet primarily based on snapdragons.  I priced out what would be reasonable based on the listed prices, and was told that they have a 2.50 fee PER FLOWER to arrange (meaning take out of the container and wrap in paper) - more than doubling the cost.  I was ready to spend 90 bucks for 2 simple bouquets.  I have never experienced a flower shop do this.  Most of the time, I walk into a shop, state what I'd like and a price range l, and they would pick and choose for me, making a beautiful paper wrapped bouquet - and charge the per flower price listed.  The guy at this shop simply said "not going to happen" and walked away.  At least he could have been nicer.Such a shame, it seemed to get good reviews, and is conveniently located.*** turns out the picture I put up was of the wrong guy.  Trying to remove!Bouquet looks nothing like bouquet on website.  Has 4 scraggly stems of orchids in a glass vase.   Would not use againused them for home window, they lied about when they would have it ready made false promises then after they get the money they take forever should be called 'take forever glass'  or 'take your money then be rude and slow glass'manager was condesending and tried to turn the whole situation into my inexpertise and was totally unapologetic being very careful to make sure to put total blame on everything else but who it was  THEM.so do yourself a favor, i'm seriously not a picky consumer but this business is horribleWell, I would love to have tried this wonderful food that I read about in the reviews, but I guess I never will.  King Solomon's Pizza lost my business on the first try by playing a game I absolutely cannot stand.I ordered my pizza over the phone. I was told it would be ready in 15 minutes, to which I thought was pretty fast.  As the gentleman who was taking my order was ready to hang up, I said "Don't you need my name and number?". He replied that it wasn't necessary. That should have clued me in.So, I drive over to pick up my pizza.  I walk in and I'm greeted by a couple guys behind the counter.  I let them know I'm here to pick up my pizza that I ordered via phone and go on to describe it to them.  One guy tells the other what I ordered, conveniently ducks out as the other guy THEN begins to make it. REALLY?So I stop him and tell him why did I order over the phone if they had no intention of making it until I got there?  He looks at me and all of a sudden can't seem to understand English and goes back to making the pizza.Nice try JERKS.  I tell him to forget it as I will take my business elsewhere.Apparently this is done because they do not trust the customer to show up and pay. This same technique was used on me before a Chinese restaurant in west Phoenix. Fool me once shame on me. Fool me twice, screw you!I like domino's pizza when I just want to have cheap pizza delivered.  This location however is awful.  They have messed up the last 3 orders.  1, the crust was missing its seasoning completely and the cheese was half missing - what?  2. the order arrives well over 30 minutes late and wasn't piping hot like you expect.  When i called to check on my tardy order, the manager Carla was rude and told me "not to worry about it." What again?  3. I ordered a hand tossed, to hopefully get the garlicky crust I missed out on previously, and they delivered a pan pizza 10 minutes late.  How does one make the online order THAT wrong?  It prints out.  There are only so many crust options.  Carla was rude this time too - if you mess up okay, but don't make it worse by treating your already frustrated paying customer like crap.Once again my local dominos lets me down. I call the store after according to the website my order left the store over an hour ago and the manager literally laughed when i asked for a refund. Keep my $29 Dominos bc you will never get another dime from me or anyone I know.There is something wrong with this Dominos location. Sometimes they don't answer the phone at all that even the other dominoes close by told me that they hear that from customers a lot. I ordered their gluten free pizza and the guy on the phone just said thank you and was about to hang up. I asked him if he knew where he was going to send it and he then confirmed the address but did not tell me my order back to me. It wasn't gluten free when it was delivered and when I called they would not answer the phone. This place is awful.Pizza was 20 minutes late and cold.  The Coca-Cola was the warmest thing in the order.I wanted to order a couple of pizzas for a friends b-day party.  Mobile seemed easy but nope.   Then laptop to place an order online.  Did it work nope.   I guess Domino's in Michigan decided to switch their ordering service and it didn't migrate the info.  What a headache!!!!!!!!!

My husband is a very quiet man so he said nothing...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Grumble....still wanna give them negative stars!  Did they actually say A CELEBRATION?!?!?!?!?!?!  You decide...Don't bother.  Save your money.um. it's a giant line.  and i didn't even have to wait in "the line."  period.(...one-star for my girl who kept her cool when things went to sh*t...)*sigh*I used to like Tao.  Used to.  Past tense. But the reprehensible and abysmal customer service we recently encountered on numerous fronts border on cataclysmic.Ill Communication... (Beastie Boys, 1993)

Note: The clinic called today to apologize for the "confusion". I'm sorry to hear about the groomers emergency situation, Rachel. Although, I've already made an appointment with another vet clinic and will not be coming back to your establishment with Chloe-Fendi.won't be back, euthanasia was pretty traumatic for me, never saw it done that way & with such lack of empathy for the owner. Had to put my cat down because of the sky hi bill & that put me in shock.I have NEVER experienced such horrible ODD & insensitive customer service in my life! Especially when it comes to an animal's well being! I had an appointment for my cat to have surgery. I was quoted on the phone and made sure the price wouldn't fluctuate with hidden fees. I get to my appointment with my cat and the tech was insensitive and completely rude. Wouldn't even look at my cat, wanted me to sign paperwork. When I requested a phone call after they do her blood work she got extremely upset slammed the paperwork down and was so inconsiderate about my needs. She was extremely rude and emotional with every question/ concern I was simply asking. I wasn't being rude but when my cat is having surgery and I am booked for a half hour appointment to ask questions, well I am going to ask questions. My cat is older and I wanted to make sure she was ok to be put under anesthesia, which is no reason for someone to get upset over. I asked a few more questions because when I called to make the appointment I was told that the vet would be speaking to me and answering any questions also would exam my cat before I left the clinic. Instead, the tech wanted me to sign paperwork, didn't even look at my cat and got upset with every reasonable question I asked. I told her she was rude and I wanted to speak to someone that seemed like they actually cared. A second woman came in, didn't exam my cat and I asked to speak to the vet and that seemed odd to them? Also the vet wasn't going to do her anesthesia, someone else was. I don't feel comfortable putting down an older animal with someone that isn't even a vet. I asked how long it would take for me to get a phone call about her blood work and the "tech" said only a couple hours. I call 5 hours later and ask if the blood work came back ok, they told me they didn't even do it and that I need to be patient... My dad who is an anesthesiologist said the whole situation seemed odd. I called the manager right after I left and left a voicemail with the concerns and explaining I didn't want the tech to have contact with her because she was so emotionally unstable and was wondering why my quote all of a sudden changed. I didn't get a call back until I WENT THERE AND PICKED UP MY CAT. I WOULD NEVER feel comfortable having anyone operate on my cat there. My dad wanted to speak to the vet and ask why she specifically wasn't doing the anesthesia herself. They were extremely rude to him and wouldn't let him talk to the vet. So i called them back and told them I will be there in 10 minutes to pick up my cat and NOBODY will lay a hand on her and I REFUSE to pay for anything considering they did nothing to her. When I picked her up she was covered in her own urine and her cage was all wet. Poor thing, I'm so glad I took her home though. PLEASE BE AWARE, IF YOU HAVE A BAD FEELING ABOUT A CLINIC FOR YOUR ANIMAL TRUST YOUR GUT. DO NOT GO HERE.  ALSO, the manager didn't even give me a call back until i took my cat home, which was 6 HOURS AFTER I called and left a message for her about my immediate concerns. If you are looking for a vet Dove Valley Animal Hospital is great, a little more expensive but worth your animal's life!In addition to being a prescribing physician, I am also on occasion a patient. I am really embarrassed to send my patients to this pharmacy. Where to begin; poor communication, outright blatant lies regarding what was indicated by physician, very common to have the "as written" prescription challenged by staff, and given two different prices. Based on all the "WOW I want their baby" raving reviews, it must have been a bad day for someone. My patient's needs will be met by someone else.I had high hopes filling 2 of my Rxs here the other day, but after sitting on my rump for 20-25 minutes, some dorky Pharm Tech summons me to the counter for dialogue.One of the Rx was partially out-of-stock. They were able to give me 15 pills on a Friday, and drive back the following Monday for the remaining 15. Okay. Pain in my ass a little but whatever.The 2nd Rx pissed me off. He told me this one was "too early to fill". I completely agreed with him if one were to look at days on a calendar, but it was for a completely different dose (lower) and time to take dose. I was under the impression that this would trump the stupid wait period thing, as a CVS had once educated me on this. Well, not here. Okay, that's fine - do whatcha gotta do, Boo, but - couldn't you tell me all of this bad news like within 5 min or 10 min of my arrival?? Nice wasted lunch break!! Thank you!Find a different mortuary!!! Let me first say that I lost my baby, Kennedy Grace, shortly after birth. It's a loss that I hope most people will never experience. I know that emotions are high but not one thing went smoothly with this place. First of all Kennedy's ashes were delayed by an entire week AND they never reached out to tell me that. I am seeking peace and closure out of all of this and the only reason I found out was because I contacted them. Don't you think it would be nice to tell someone they will not get their loved one back for an additional week??Second, they forgot to have both me and my husband sign forms. They then had to contact us TWO additional times and requested that we come in. Isn't it part of the job and part of the service fee to ensure that this is done correctly? And to limit the number of times you contact a grieving family and burden them with paperwork that you require?? And not only that, but to request us to come in is absurd, it's your mistake- think outside of the box and figure out a way to correct your mistake with out making me come to your office again!Thirdly, I asked for their advice on multiple occasions on whether or not to order a death certificate with or with out her social security number because I don't know what the difference is. I've never lost a child before, I don't even know what a death certificate is for. Isn't it part of their job to explain the importance or difference one way or another? If we should wait to order it with the social, that's fine. But help me understand the importance and difference. They provided no guidance to me on this matter and only advised me of the difference in fees. I don't care about the $20 fee- I want to have this done the right way. Fourth, when we went to pick up her ashes I was greeted by 1 person and had to tell them what we were there for. A second person then came and I had to re tell her what we were there for. Then you heard a guy yell across the building- "oh the infants ashes- I think they are over here". Give me a break. Have some respect for me and my baby. Don't make me talk to multiple people and then shout that you're not sure where they are exactly. Lastly, they just called to tell me the death certificate arrived and that I can come pick it up. When I asked if they can mail it she said "it's their policy not to, it's too much of a hassle because it has to be mail via certified mail". They made nothing about this easy. I would absolutely never, ever recommend them. I'm so glad I will never deal with them again. I wish I could give them negative stars.I had contacted Scottsdale Plumbing Company to perform work on our Master Bathroom remodel. The work involved setting tub, plumbing pipes to installed valves with finished hardware. Upon contacting the decision was made to send someone to my house to evaluate the job and then provide quote to in order to proceed. The plumber (Robert) came on 1/17, with another plumber. They looked at the job and quoted $1100. I told them to proceed with the job. After an hour the plumbers informed me they did not have all the necessary tools to perform the job, nor did they have all the materials. At that time they informed him they would have to charge me $180/hr while they were out gathering the tools and materials. At this time I got confused based on the initial quote they gave me. They stated the quote was based on estimated time to complete the job and the actual cost was variable. They did not disclose this to me, nor did they have me sign any agreement at the time they disclosed the initial quote of $1100. I told them I would not pay for them to fetch materials and tools, since this would not be work being performed on the job. The decision was made for them to return the following week on Tuesday.No one arrived on Tuesday. I called the office and they said Robert had me scheduled for Friday. This messed up my schedule and needed them to complete the job before Friday. The office was able to re-shuffle and the plumber returned on Thursday to complete the job. Based on this info I had called my tile contractor to schedule finishing the tub skirt on 1/24. Between this time and Monday I was out of town for business matters.Upon returning to town I had noticed the tub valves were not symmetrical around the tub spout fixture. The "cold" valve was off by over an 1-inch relative to the "hot" valve. I can understand if the drilled holes were off by about 1/8" inch at the most, but "1-inch" is very noticeable and is finish work. I was very upset and could not understand how someone could drill hole being off by that much.After many communications to the Scottsdale Plumbing Company (phone and email) they refused to communicate back. In fact they demand payment instead of fixing the issue.Now my Wife and I have to pay a contractor to fix the issue which requires ripping up tile and tub skirt and removing the tub in order to fix the plumbing.  We tried to work and compromise with them, but they decided to screw us and take the unethical route.We are in process of contacting BBB and ROC to file claim.Horrible Customer Service.  Overpriced and unprofessional.  I had an issue with the service I received and had to contact the company over 8 times for zero resolution.  Everyone I spoke with "apologized" about the lack of follow up and pointed the finger at someone else.  Company fails to listen to the voice of the customer .  I would avoid at all times, you will be disappointed.I decided to try out this place since it is closer to where I live than the laundromat I usually go to which is about 5 miles away. I just picked up my first load of laundry at Ginny's and guess what? I found other people's clothing items in my bag!!(If you are missing a bunch of socks, including multiple pair of identical black new balance running socks, don't fret, I plan on dropping them off tomorrow)Their turn around time is 2 days, compared to the same day service at my usual laundromat. This place has a chaotic feel. Parking is strange too with a weird lay out. All in all, I am not coming back to this place. The most compelling reason is finding another person's laundry with mine! I wonder if I am missing some items and just not aware of it!Where is my usual laundromat, you may ask? Message me and I'll tell you. I am not happy with Ginny's but I don't want to name their competitor so openly in a review. Although you can probably yelp it fairly easily.Once was enough for me. Parking is a pain. The place is small and cramped as well as hot. They do offer drop off service which even though I haven't used it has to be better then trying to do laundry in this hotbox. I prefer the self serve laundry on mckellips across from the police station.No AC! Hot and humid up in here in August!There was no attendant at Ginny's on a Sunday while it was pretty busy.  The change machine was out of quarters.  The commercial size drier I needed kept showing an error while not working and still counting down my time...Apparently "DOOR" error means: lint catcher not closed tightly, not the door to the drier isn't closed...stupid.  I won't ever be back, but I managed to freshen up my comforter with a dry-cleaning kit, which was my goal so it was not a total loss.This place is stinking hot and has no air con. Plus, there's only a few seats so you have to stand as you wait for your washing to finish. In the machine with no timer.Have to agree -- hot and dirty.  Didn't look like the lint filters on the dryer were ever cleaned.  Yuck!Got there on Monday night, and their commercial side of their business had all the washers and dryers being used by them.  Had to find another laundrymat rather than wait for an hour.What a pit! We walked in and 1/2 the machines were out of order.  Someone in there with a couple of dogs.  It was filthy, small, no parking....a disgusting pit! Wouldn't wash my dog there much less anything else.I am an artist...not so familiar with stamps.  The owner was EXTREMELY unfriendly and unhelpful.  Including eye rolling (on asking a question about the ATC group) and lots of pointing to where I could find items vs showing.  I asked if I could go behind the counter to look at a project for an upcoming class and was told, "NO!" It was so odd, I asked her if she was joking?  She said, "no, this is my space."  Never offered to take the item down to put on the counter so I could see....didn't matter.  I had already decided that an art environment is to be fun and inspiring...not a place to get yelled at.  I will always drive to Mystic Paper in Mesa or the Paper Store for a better atmosphere...better classes and prices!Went here one night with a group of friends. This place is pink, crowded, and really not that impressive. I ordered some sorbet and it was bland - that in itself is an accomplishment - bland sorbet.  The 50's style booth seats were very uncomfortable (maybe to discourage staying long?) and the tables were the wrong height for eating. I had to strain to get above face level of my food (and i'm a normal sized woman) It was also very very (very) loud in here.I'll avoid going here again. The quality of the product was just too poor - I'd rather hit up a Whole Foods and get some good sorbet without the discomfort and echoing nosie.OK, so what if it's an authentic 1950s ice cream parlor? The stuff they're scooping up is boring major brand-name label ice cream full of air, and the toppings are nothing special? And the wallpaper is dirty and faded? And the carnival-esque decor is kinda creepy, unfortunately like some of the elderly clientele who sit here staring sadly off into space as their ice cream sodas melt away? You can almost imagine the opening scenes of a tear-jerker Lifetime movie set here. That's not good.For being a quaint, old fashioned, mom and pop ice cream parlor, I give The Sugar Bowl about 3 stars. In this age of Baskin Robbins and Cold Stone, it's nice to see a real ice cream parlor with two full menu pages dedicated to delicious ice cream creations. Thats about the best I can say about the place tho.The general decor is old and run down, the attentiveness of the wait staff is mediocre at best, and the place just has a generally dirty feel to it. It is fairly clean in actuality, but has that musty pine-sol and windex smell throughout that makes it completely unappetizing. They advertise their "Family Circus" history all over the place, but that is hardly enough to sustain a restaurant like this.My real frustration however,  is the "Game Room", which at first glace appears to be their miniaturized immitation of Chuck E. Cheese, only it falls way short. The change machine that is supposed to dispense 4 tokens for $1, regularly gives only 3 tokens per dollar. Games that only cost 1 token at CEC cost as much as 4 tokens here, but quite regularly you will put a token in and not get credit for it, so they wind up costing even more. The "Candy Claw" game that *used* to be "Play til you win" is now two tokens for one try, whether you win or not, and the claw doesn't even close until it's halfway back up to the top of the machine!! Oh, and if you feel the need to complain to someone, you'll have to walk back into the restaurant to find someone, because there is never anyone in the game room to help you. When someone finally does come in to help you, they'll put on their well-rehearsed perplexed look and say "Hmm, it's never done that before"... except my 4 year old and I experience these exact same problems every time we go in. Tonight however, was the final straw. I'm tired of being ripped off by these people. The ice cream is great, the food is mediocre for what they charge, the water tastes like filtered sewer water, and the staff looks like they wished they worked at Wal Mart. The game room is a waste of time, energy and money. The owners obviously know about these problems and have no intention of fixing them, as there is no way to contact them on the Sugar Bowl website. They've lost my business for no other reason than they simply don't give a damn about their customers. Maybe if things change drastically for the better, I'll consider going back, but not until then.Last time I checked, customer service for family and community orientated businesses was supposed to be key.  Unfortunately, the owners of the Sugar Bowl are not equipped to provide any friendliness-factor.It's okay that the Sugar Bowl doesn't do group events, but the way to communicate that information to your customers isn't "I'm really going to pass. No. I need to interrupt because the answer is no." There are so many ways to communicate a message, but rudeness is a way to lose business fast.History or no history, the Sugar Bowl has lost this customer for good.This place really should get 5 stars but it doesn't even deserve 1.Why?Well for starters unless you go there when it opens it pretty dirty with napkins and bits of food on the floor and on the seats. No excuse for this.  Secondly, the bathrooms are ALWAYS disgusting.  Honestly I don't know how it passes inspection with the bathrooms alone.It is a great location and the ice cream is pretty damn good. Nothing fancy. It's old school ice cream, and for that it's fantastic.  The non-ice cream items (burgers, sandwiches, etc) should be avoided. Just get the ice cream.Finally, like others have said the owners (not so much the staff) are on the rude side.  I have seen customers get yelled at because they asked for their table or chair to wiped down.  Maybe over the years they have become jaded seeing the countless number of drunks coming in here and acting like they own the place.  I can tell you that when he was yelling at the customer above she was very polite and it was in the mid-afternoon. I hope that someday this place gets bought by someone who loves customers and much as many people love this place out of nostalgia. For the past several years this place has lost its sparkle and I really would like to see it return to its former glory.After a long, stressful day, I was craving a hot fudge sundae after dinner with real ice cream (not dairy queen). I live down the street from the Sugar Bowl so that is where I headed. I need that little pick me up and smile that ice creams brings me. Apparently, I went to the wrong place. They were out of whipped cream....you can't have a hot fudge sundae without whipped cream!! I had to ask for nuts and then when I went to pay at the cashier cage the guy NEVER looked at me, said anything to me and NEVER even thanked me. What is going on???? Talk about ruining my evening! Maybe I went with my hopes to high, but is it too much to ask for a thank you?? I paid almost $7 for a sundae with no whip cream, no smile and a big bowl of irritation. THANKS!Sweet Spot.......NO it's not!C'mon, it's pink. It's got ice cream inside. It's retro. Everything here screams "this place is Tubular, Hip, Rad, Cool, Tight, Phat" So whats the deal?

-I've sent pics and a letter from the roofing company that has done the repairs,with their findings on VIPs workmanship and repair and submitted them to the AZROC( az register ofcontractors) BEWARE OF VIP ROOFING.Tried it a few times.  Hardly a warm welcome from the young girl up front. Thought I'd give it another chance since I love how close it is it my home, only to find out that when they say they are open at 7am, it's a tentative 7am.  I didn't want to drive around looking for another dry cleaner so (like an idiot) I waited till 7:30 and still no one.   Needless to say, it's time for a new dry cleaner.We went here because of its location close to the house and they were fine for a few months.  However, a few weeks back we got a batch of clothes back and my husband went to put on his two favorite shirts (two mornings in a row) and there was the same tear in the left elbow of each shirt.  Same place on each shirt, same size tear on each shirt, on both from the same batch of cleaning.  Each shirt was less than 6 months old.  I finally got to talk to the owner 2 weeks after I filled out their claim forms.  He insists both tears, on the same arm, with the dry cleaning tags still on, are from wear and tear (from "every time you put your elbow down" it causes weakness).   No satisfaction.  We are out two almost new dress shirts and we WILL NOT EVER BE GOING BACK TO THIS BUSINESS AGAIN.  And I am not a complainer, this is actually the first online review I have ever written.  But he lost my business when it could have been saved so easily.  He didn't seem even slightly interested in keeping my business which averaged $40/month.  Terrible customer service/relations and damaged clothes.  Be careful here.I so wanted this to be a good dry cleaner that I could use.  Not!  I was so happy about the prices, but something told me it was too good to be true.  The last time I used them, I got home and my clothes were not even pressed!  They were really wrinkled.  Plus, they did not smell clean.  I was so disappointed.  It's like they took my dirty clothes, forgot to clean them, so just wrapped them in a bag like they were cleaned.  I do not enjoy giving bad reviews to a business, especially in this economy.  Hopefully they will read this and care more about customer satisfaction.  If they can improve, I'll give them another try.I had gone to this dry cleaners for seven years, mostly because it is close to my home.  However, I will not be returning.  For the third time, our clothing was "lost".  As was explained to me, before I went in to pick up my husband's clothing at 5:30 p.m., one of the girls in the front had sent it home with another customer.  The clothing wasn't "ready" until 5:00 p.m.  I suggested that they look through the receipts that they had from 5:00 to 5:30 to see who might have our clothing, which included a tuxedo shirt and other white shirts that my husband needed the next morning.  I was told that they did not keep receipts, so they could not look that up.  In addition, both girls blamed each other for the mess-up.  This was the third and final time that I am going to put up with this.  The first time that our clothing was lost, it was never found.  I put in a claim and was given $5.00 whole dollars in future dry cleaning credit.  This is after I had paid $11.00 for the dry cleaning of these clothing items.  No reimbursement for the cleaning fee that I paid and no reimbursement for the value of the clothing lost.  The manager said he could not reimburse for the clothing they lost if I didn't have original sales receipts from the purchase of those items and proof that the items on the sales receipt (assuming a person kept it) were the exact items dropped off to them.  Sap that I was, I continued to go to this cleaners.  The second time, my husband's shirts were lost, including a tuxedo shirt that was needed for a concert the next evening.  We ended up having to buy another tuxedo shirt.  Four weeks later I received a phone call saying our shirts had been found.  There wasn't even a dry cleaning credit given this time for the foul up that they were responsible for.  But at least we did get this batch of clothing back, eventually.  The third time was the final straw.  Never, never, never again am I going to this cleaners.

The "You Tube Stars";

1) After hearing so many good reviews and suggestions I really really REAAALLY wanted to love it...but couldn't. The singing was sub-par (have seen Phantom of the Opera, Lion King, Cats, Les Miserables, Street Car Named Desire, Starlight Express....), costumes were mediocre and far from inspiring or exciting, and acrobatics/gymnastics were unimpressive.

I've been here a couple times and they have horrible service. A friend decided to take me to Yama. First off its super packed. Then they stick us in a table in the back  between the restrooms and the kitchen. We had about 5 different waiters the whole night and only because I would have to keep calling any waiter that passed by. They messed up my order twice and still blamed me for it. I decided I was not going to tip this place. One of the waitresses came up to me and insulted me by saying I did not have enough money to tip them. I wish she would have told me this before I paid for my meal. I walked out very upset. And to make it any better , when I got home , I had food poisoning and threw up all the food. I highly do not recommend this place.I'm no sushi connoisseur but I know when I taste crappy fish. I'm no restaurateur but even I know that good customer service is the way you make fans and have them come back. I'm not a picky y eater but Yama was just clearly unacceptable. This restaurant is super tiny. I'm not hating on the size of the restaurant but when the tables are so close together that you can hear the conversations of those around you more than your own, then this becomes a problem. Getting in between tables to take a seat was a near impossible mission in as well. By no means am I a large individual but I had to suck in pretty hard to get to my chair. Our waitress was prompt in getting our drink orders. Two waters. She took my friend's AYCE order and started to walk away. Umm, hello?! What about my order? We called her back to order my lunch special - veggie tempura, 4 pieces of sushi, rice, miso soup and salad. After about 5 minutes, we finally got our waters. Mine had a black speck in it. My friend and I were convinced that it looked like a dead bug, resembling a gnat. The waitress insisted that this "gnat" was a green tea leaf. Whether a bug or a green tea leaf, nothing should be floating around in my water. I let the water fiasco slide and ordered a diet coke. No joke, I waited about 15 minutes for it. My friend and I asked three different waitresses for my beverage. I was parched! Not only this, my friend got his sushi but wasn't given his wasabi and ginger. This also took about 15 minutes in addition to kindly asking three different waitresses. Mind you, it was not busy - there were empty tables around the restaurant. The fish was dry and had a rubbery consistency. I felt as though it was left out for a while. While my friend and I were trying our best to enjoy the not-so-yummy fish, my friend found a hair in the ginger. That was the end of our meal. Dunzo. FInito. Vegas has some of the best AYCE sushi and Yama is NOT one of them. Needless to say, I won't be back.My friends & I went to Yama last night to celebrate my friends birthday, from the second we walked in the door the staff was rude. This is not the first time we have eaten here as a large group, in fact we drove across town to eat here, never again. First of all my friend ordered a diet coke the waitress who happened to be the assistant manager her name was Michelle brought a regular coke when she was told that it was suppose to be diet she said well I have to charge you again for another drink. So because you messed up we have to pay for 2 drinks? Wtf? We ordered our food and in the middle of our meal she comes in to tell us all 8 of us need to move onto one table because were taking to long and she needs the other table they sat us at...now you have a 2 hour limit which is fine but we still had 40mins left on our time when we told her that she gave attitude & acted like us being there was an inconvience. Also some of the food we ordered never made it to us before she said our time was up & guess what she added it to the bill! I will never go back to this place again!After seeing the reviews here on yelp I decided to try this place with 2 friends that also love sush, real sushi (nigiri).  First off they put way too much rice that you can't taste the fish. Next, they put too much sauce with certain fishes, so much it soaked the cup if rice that was under the little slice of fish. Then we ordered 3 hamachi Kama and after 45min of waiting they came out with 3 hamachi stumps!!! See photo also posted. They should have just told us they didn't have any, or maybe that's what they always serve as hamachi Kama.  Someone needs to show the cook what a Kama is! For the 1 star, On the positive side, if you like California rolls and other rolls they cover with ponzu sauce, sriracha and mayonnaise this may be for you.  I'm just glad we didn't have to wait more than 5 min to get a seat because there happened to be an opening when we got there.I've been here three times. Each time I've gone, the sushi bar will "lose" part/most of my order. (My first round I usually order two things. A roll, and a bunch of eel or tuna or something...) They usually only bring me just the roll, or just the sushi. Never both. *Never* both. They just give me one, and I never see the other part.  Or --like the last time -- none of my order. The last time I went, I was in a group of four. The other three guys in that group were on their second round. I hadn't received a single thing. I'm just sitting there, waiting. I bring it up to the waitress, she goes to "look" for it, returning five minutes later to refill water. (Without food, nor a single word about my order.) The other guys were just about done, when the waitress (out of pity?) brings me *someone else's* order that they didn't wind up wanting. By this time, I had ordered at least or or five things (over the course of an hour), and not a single thing was delivered. When I asked to speak with the manager, "the manager" (whom I maintain was just another waitress --she was too young and too combative off the bat to be a real manager) claimed that everything had arrived to my table. "You were given everything you ordered." "Uhm... no I haven't." Rest of the table: "LOL, no he hasn't! He hasn't received a single plate of food he's ordered!""Yes you did. We have the ticket!" "Then why am I hungry after an hour? Why would I bother you about this at an AYCE restaurant, if I had --in fact-- eaten? That doesn't make any sense!" (This detail still perplexes me, to this day.)The "manager" left in a huff, never to return. We had to leave around then, to be on time for plans we had later in the evening. I paid the bill in full, and left hungry. I'm *still* mad about that, to be honest. This place is popular, but there are better places in town.Alright but not great. DO NOT GET THE "whose your daddy" ROLL!  It tasted like ammonia. It was the worst sushi I have ever had. Try happy endings or something else.I am sorry.../Commences RantI will never return here. I was sorely disappointed and feel like I was treated as a subpar customer. Yeah not everyone eats sushi. I am that guy. Consequently I did join a large group of friends here. I knew that things wouldn't exactly be outstanding, but this place took it to a whole new level. The only reason they get a two star vs a one star is that most of my friends received excellent service and food. Whereas I got worse treatment than the red headed step child... Hell that is demeaning I don't even have red hair  *SMH*. In fact my trip here was one of my worst restaurant experiences in the last 10-15 years. *extremely disappointed*So while all my friends purchased the AYCE meal and started to receive their various foods within 5 minutes of ordering, my appetizers (sesame chicken and shrimp tempura) took about 45 minutes to receive the first item, the shrimp tempura. It took another 10 plus minutes to receive the sesame chicken.REALLY YAMA SUSHI!!! You brought out appetizers to my friends on the AYCE menu within 20 minutes. Why cant you bring the non AYCE appetizers to the guy who has nothing else to eat?  But your attitude seemed to be who cares he isn't getting AYCE.Knowing that they are concentrating on the AYCE folks and the rolls that most of the people are getting, I knew I would have my food delayed. What ended up happening? Everyone was on their third or fourth roll at least before my food was served. Consequently I think you guys can go jump off a cliff. Way to treat a customer who wanted to partake in what he had heard was an awesome restaurant experience. I can count the number of times on a single hand where I have had a worse dining experience in my entire life!Way to ruin what was otherwise a wonderful day for me with a large number of friends. I SERIOUSLY HOPE YOU DECIDE TO REVAMP YOUR POLICY TOWARDS NON AYCE PAYING CUSTOMERS OR THOSE WHO WANT SOMETHING A LITTLE BIT DIFFERENT, AND YET STILL ORDER DIRECTLY OFF OF YOUR MENU WITHOUT A SINGLE CHANGE REQUEST!WHY THE HELL EVEN HAVE THOSE CHOICES LISTED WITH PRICING THAT IS NOT AYCE IF YOU JUST WANT TO IGNORE THE GUY WHO ORDERS DINNER THAT WAY.I HOPE BEYOND A SHADOW OF A BELIEF THAT CUSTOMERS TURN AWAY FROM YOUR RESTAURANT IF THEY ARE LIKE ME. SOMEONE WHO WANTS TO BE TREATED FAIRLY AND NOT MADE TO WAIT AN OVERLY EXTENSIVE PERIOD OF TIME TO GET WHAT YOU ARE ALREADY SERVING TO THOSE ALL AROUND HIM.I WILL NEVER BE BACK HERE AND I HOPE THAT OTHERS WILL NOT AS WELL.To add insult to injury your staff came after me for leaving less than the pre-ordained tip as listed on the check since I was part of a party of 6 or more. You should have been happy I left a tip at all. But to have you come after me demanding more for absolutely no service and unreasonable treatment, well F YOU. I am still pissed off about it and it has been several weeks.  I hope your business goes bust!/Ends RantI am Schel and I approve this review!Edit: Screw it I cant stand to give them 2 stars... I have to drop it to a 1 star... still super ticked off...Food was okay. The grumpy Asian cook at the sushi bar needs an attitude adjustment. He was rude to the people at the bar. This place would be better without this guy.Warning: Do not come to this restaurant if you eat sushi often!I don't consider myself an expert on sushi, but I've eaten at a lot of good sushi places around the Socal area. My favorite places are Sushi Ota in San Diego and Ootoro in Walnut. I also like places like Akasaka in Rowland Heights and I even enjoy the cheaper sushi joints like any of the revolving Kula bars and also Sushi Q in Chino Hills. With that being said, this is absolutely the worst sushi restaurant I've ever had the misfortune of trying.We tried pretty much everything. The salmon, the tuna, the yellowtail, the sweet shrimp, the uni, the cooked fish, the hand rolls, the specialty rolls, you name it. There was not one piece of fish that was appetizing. When eating sashimi, you want it to be fresh and you want the pieces that melt in your mouth. Well, the sashimi here was the opposite. It was so dry, I felt like I was swallowing paper at times. I'm not even joking here, even prepackaged sushi at Japanese marts are significantly better than the stuff served at this sorry excuse for a sushi joint.Honestly, the best thing I had here was the miso soup. I shit you not, even the edamame was disappointing. The edamame..To say the least, this meal was the worst meal I've had in a very long time. If you're not from around Vegas, don't waste a precious meal coming here. Your stomach will thank me.After reading the overwhelmingly positive yelp reviews my fiance and I were excited to try this place out.basics:1. located in a strip mall with a Chase outfront, the restaurant sign reads SUSHI in big letters. You can't miss it.2. plenty of parking.3. They have an all you can eat dinner for $23.99/pp dinner and $20.99/pp lunch. Dinner starts at 3pm.review:1. The seating was awkward and very tight. The 2 person tables are seated right next to each other and you can hear conversations from both sides of the table. 2. The sushi was just plain, very bland. There was no taste.3. My philadelphia roll had SOO much cream cheese it was disgusting. I'll upload a picture..This place is affordable, but the food and the inside seating sucked so much I'm not sure why people leave such good reviews.I would highly recommend Blue Fin Sushi & Roll a few miles away, MUCH better sushi and atmosphere, and it's about the same price. We hit that location on our date night before going to the Galaxy theater which has reclinable seats.I would not recommend this place at all, bad sushi and cramped seating.Bad service and bad food! As soon as I walked in I noticed there were flies flying around throughout the restaurant. Our waitress got our orders wrong! And then when I couldn't finish the bad sushi she told me I had to eat it!! Are you kidding?! I am not about to be force fed bad sushi!! Anyway, bad service, bad food, and they weren't very clean. Never going there again.Completely fleeced me. Asked the lady up front about all you can eat sushi but that I don't eat carbs. She said ok. Them served me and charged me $50 for individual rolls because I didn't eat the rice. Did not take care of it properly and then avoided me for the rest of the meal.This place really pisses me off.  Being in the food service industry in vegas for over ten yen years I find the plates here offensive.  In an attempt to defer their food cost. All the sushi you order has a ridiculous amount of rice on it so as to fill you up fast.  You incur more cost if you don't eat all your  rice at all you can eat restaurants. Fine. Charge me more up front.  I come to sushi ,to eat fish. I mentioned the abundance of rice on my sushi to my server. Her suggestion was. "Order off the appetizer menu". That's cute. There's almost no fish on that menu.  Two hands way down.Oh how it pains me to say this, but yama sucks now. I've been going there for years and I Just keep having more and more problems every time. So now we're done. No more yama.  They aren't the best anymore anyway,  we have found that sushi mon, and daisho sushi are both consistantly better and have higher quality and better service. The only reason we went to yama again is because they're closer to our home.  Not anymore. It's not worth it when they consistently ruin our meals with their poor service.  Last time we had to ask for a new table because they tried to stuff 6 adults and a high chair at a 4 person table and set a plate of silverware including knives directly in front of our 2 yr old, which he picked up, of course. Then they put wasabi right in front of him. It was like pulling teeth to get them to give us a new table and we had to speak to the mgr to get it. Time before that, our server was the rudest person I ran in to all year. And this time the server came and rudely told my husband he needed to take his foot off of the chair because a customer complained, when we asked for the mgr we were told they were out of town. It was the equivalent of the server telling you to take your elbows off the table. And it was lunch. Plus they kept running into my chair the whole time I was eating, now that's rude. That's it, we're done. We used to put up with their crap service bc their food was so good, unfortunately their food isn't great anymore so it's just not remotely worth it. We will just go farther now to somewhere cheaper that has better food and service. Yama, we're over!Chef is pissed and waitress doubted that the rice has too much vinegar.  Also loaded on rice which is not a good quality. Service is slow.  The chef yells who complains in all you can eat sushi place. Very rude. Never come again. Vinigar taste...worst sushi place. Do not come here.  Oh and one guy ran to the restroom to vomit everything.  Later waitress was more attentive and nicer.The sushi was fine, but after last night's experience, I refuse to ever go back. Here are the reasons:1. A Fire Hazard: Even though the restaurant has recently expanded, it's still the size of an igloo. 2. Speaking of cold, the service matches just that. I told the hostess (Cynthia) that it will be a party of five for Angelina. She called me "Angelica" three times. The third time, she did it on purpose only because she knew I was pissed off and tired of correcting her.3. Our waitress would not allow me to share one small piece of sushi with my friend who wanted to try it. The waitress said it was not permitted because my friend wasn't getting all-you-can-eat. If I want to share my food with a friend, I will share my food! I've never ran into that ridiculous rule at any of the MANY sushi joints I've ever been to. 4. Watch Your Car, Watch Your Back, Watch Your Belongings: Yama isn't exactly in the type of neighborhood where you can easily sit back and relax. Especially while waiting outside during long waits. There was this one shady dude in particular, who was flying by on a bike outside. He was screaming profanities to NO ONE in particular at the top of his lungs. He had no phone and no blue tooth on him either. Which brings me to my next two points, don't do drugs and there will be shady idiots.5. How Long Can You Wait Before You Hit Boiling Point? Again, that place is too small, that's why you will always have to suffer the long wait times. On top of it, battling the children they have for hostesses, and then to follow, the rude waitress. Everybody seems to be a genius when it comes to knowing the difference between good sushi and bad sushi. Unfortunately, everybody that goes to Yama, seems to have a hard time noticing the difference between good service, bad service and the obvious fact that you can go somewhere else cleaner, BIGGER, providing a much smaller wait time and still providing great sushi. Take that as a warning and a good tip, sushi lovers.In regards to going to Yama Sushi, if you still decide to volunteer as tribute, may the sushi forever be in your favor. Because everything else there may not be.Good luck!Close to the end of meal which was just ok when my husband spots a cockroach walking up the sushi glass so I tell the hosts she gets a napkin and kills it right in front of us then she says I'll tell the mgr, well needless to say the hosts comes back and says there coming from outside, wow then they messed up our bill never offered to take off $ from are bill instead attitude:( WELL NEVER AGAIN GROSS WITH ATTITUDEFood was good but service was horrible. AYCE sushi for party of 5.  Took 15 mins for our for our first order and then found out they were out of both hamachi and salmon kama (one of the reasons we chose thus place) - then it was constant follow up on nearly everything ordered - they even forgot to bring wasabe and ginger when we finally had 3 rolls on the table... took an additional 5 mins to finally get those basic sushi essentials delivered - after asking. Additionally,  never once a smile from our two sour puss waitresses who seemed unhappy to work here... created significant stress for what should have been an enjoyable experience for my daughter's birthday... completely opposite from the great service we received at island sushi last week...  anyway, upon leaving, after paying the bill and explaining to our waitress why I only left her a $10 tip on a $125 bill, I spoke with the manager - who really seemed disinterested in hearing my opinion.  Bottom line : i won't be back and cannot in good conscience recommend to others...  wow, I'm all worked up again after reliving the experience so I'm downgrading from 2 stars to 1.This use to be the only place I would go for sushi. The costumer service is horrible but I still kept going back because of the food... well let me just say that after trying other sushi places out. this sushi place isn't at all that good. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone especially after the horrible food poisoning I go last time I had it.WARNING!  Horrible!!!  My boyfriend has been talking about this place since his visit to Vegas last year.  After our party of 3 was sat at a 2 top and asked to deal with it I was already annoyed.  After ordering and having our drinks brought to us, we were asked to stand up and move.  We initially thought "Great! They are moving us to a larger table!"  Too bad that wasn't the case.  Instead they had us move to another to a 2 top table!!!! Are you kidding me?!?! Then after my boyfriend got his food he and finished 3 pops he found a dead fly embedded into his lemon.  They tried to claim it came in from outside and landed on their food therefore it's not their problem.  WTF kind of thinking is that?!?!!!! They refused to comp his food, and only offered to take it off his drink order.  Calling Health Department now!  We canceled my order before it even got to the table.Been here before, sat at the bar, and it was good.  Tonight we brought family and it's terrible.  We waited for 30 min for food and it's not good at all.  Edamame came out last and it's over cooked.  Nigiri is flavorless and the cooked rolls took forever.  On top of that, service is terrible.  Our waiter is very nice but clearly spread too thin because we haven't seen him in about 15 minutes.  Probably not coming back unless we're desperate.So today I went here and eat  the food was ok. :\ Not exactly cause there was rude service. There was this supervised I was really disappointed cause she try to kick us out. She even made us eat or we will pay I know that the rule and it's ok when she tried reminding us she said it in a rude way. The last time I ate there I stopped eating there for like 5-7 month,  the last time there she did the same thing. This time she did the same thing again but now worst she as if we were the half and half family **** she. She not allow to say that.I was going to give this place 3-4 stars, the service was mediocre but the food was actually pretty good. But then I saw the Sushi chef start throwing pieces of fish from the fridge on to his cutting board. In the process I saw him drop a piece of squid on to the floor. After he finished throwing the rest of the fish on to the cutting board he thought he was being slick and picked up that piece of squid walked over to the sink and started rinsing it off...... but I saw him do that, he turned around and we locked eyes and he knew that I caught him being shady. He quickly returned to rinsing off the fish and quickly threw it back into a bin inside the fridge. And then he quickly beelined it into the kitchen.Gross. This all happened as I was on my way out of the restaurant. I'm hoping that didn't happen to any of my fish or your fish for that matter.I hate the service takes forever to be seated, a part of the store was dark but still okay to sit in and they wouldn't let us sit there so we waited an hour to get seated. They said they did it for customer satisfaction but ur service is already horrible.I went there this afternoon for lunch and usually this place is fairly good and one of my favorites.BUT they had some serious electrical issues and the restaurant was closed for a few days.  Today when we went, 2 of us got food poisoning and got extremely sick.  literally bedridden w diarrhea etc.  The fish/food etc. is NOT fresh so DO NOT EATI called and the owner solution was for me to go to the hospital and bring them a doctors note to prove it which I will.  sort of an odd response to a customer being sick but just wanted everyone to be careful!!!!!I used to love this place, but over time the service has gotten horrible.  I have waited for 2hrs and only placed one order...the 2nd order appeared be another long wait....I am writing this as a wait for my masago(been 40min). This is the third time I experience (back to back) extreme long waits when it's not "out of the ordinary" busy.  It's time for me to call it quites and look for a different place.All I can say is average sushi. Very bland flavors, too much rice, and the nigiri was well below average. Service was crappy as well. Our group got there at 250pm during lunch hours and they tried to charge us for dinner hours when it clearly says on thier menu that the price switch starts at 3pm. Very dissapointed again. That was my last visit ever.I just had dinner here and was extremely disappointed with service AND food. If the service isn't great, I would hope the food would be good. We ordered the AYCE and they had our order forgotten our order three times. They put too much rice with a weird texture that makes eating a whole roll a daunting task. There are better restaurants for a cheaper price and better service.I don't know how this place has 4 stars. I've given it a try a couple times since it's near UNLV and cheaper than most AYCE places but nothing redeems this place of how below-average the sushi and service is. This place is crowded often but don't let it fool you, it's in a crowded area plus it's near the strip. The sushi is terrible. Their rice is always falling apart and the fish never tastes fresh. Plus their service is flat out rude. And if you don't want to take my word for it then take the Health District's word for it. THEY GOT CLOSED IN JUNE TWICE FOR FAILING THEIR HEALTH INSPECTION. And have gotten numerous C's in the past, many times getting over 30 demerits. Google it.The last time I went, when my friend and I arrived the hostess seemed peeved we were waiting for the rest of our party. We didn't even insist we sit down at a table but she had attitude about us waiting. When we got to our table it was 2:50 and they tried to charge us dinner prices which we had to fight them about. (And who wants to do that?) If your menu has lunch prices till 3PM then it's lunch prices till 3PM. Its not a hard concept. It's not like a buffet where we are trying to get lunch prices for a dinner buffet..it's the same shiz.  One last person arrived at 2:59 and they made a stink that HE absolutely had to pay the dinner price. Okay fine, take your extra 3 dollars you crazy people.Then we ate and I definitely didn't eat my moneys worth. Sushi looks like it's from a grocery store. Nothing special, tastes old.I'm sorry but when your sushi is gross don't be so determined to charge the higher price. They were rude about the whole process too and like I said, the sushi sucks.  The first time I went there they started bringing rolls no one ordered and when we said that they argued with us then and put it on our table anyway. This business does not know how to pick their battles or treat their customers. It's scary going to a sushi place like this because they WILL argue you for more money, even when they're clearly in the wrong. Sakana across the street is much better and relatively the same prices.This place is cheap , but for a few dollars more you can have MUCH better quality. This place is NOT good. If youre eating rolls, you can't tell what is inside, so youre fine. I only eat nigiri so I see the fish all too well. The first time I went here the tuna, which is usually a nice red color, was almost BROWN. I went another time to give them another chance, disappointed again. This is far from real Japanese food. It's honestly not worth going ever again, and have turned down invitations to come here from my friends. There's so many options in town, don't make this one of them.AVOIDING THIS PLACE AS MUCH AS YOU CAN DONT BE FOOLISH. I just had a dinner last night and their fishes are not fresh at all so in the morning I threw up and found out I'm food poisoning. All I threw up was albacore, scallop, and some tunas !Gross & ouch for my mouth. While eating there was something that kept poking the inside of my mouth. I wanted to throw up the food. There were fish bones inside the sushi roll and when I had asked one of the workers they said it was normal and that you can eat it. The sushi is so gross here and doesn't taste fresh at all.Service needs to be worked on tremendously also. We had sat down BEFORE these 3 other men but however when we wanted to order she said she'll be back. Next thing we know she was taking the other people's order and then left and never came back for our order. Someone else had to take it. When she had came back to our table she was showing much attitude and didn't seem to want to tend to us at all.Will never be coming back.Really not sure why this place has 4 stars. My husband and I have been here several times and its always been ok not great. Well a few days ago we went to try it again and it was horrible. The server we had was extremely rude, forgot about our drinks and sushi. Once we actually got our sushi (we ordered rolls and nigiri) it was disgusting, lacking flavor and did not taste fresh. We asked to speak to the manager and she promised it was fresh well it wasn't and we couldn't even finish our first order. We both ended up feeling miserable after and will not be back.This place tried to kill me I explained to them that I could not have anything with shellfish (shrimp, real crab...etc.) I AM ALLERGIC!!!!!!!!they even wrote it on my ticket. I ordered several rolls on the 3rd roll  what do they do they serve me a roll with shrimp in it. I did not realized it contained shrimp because there was quite a bit of topping on it. My mouth felt tingly I instantly started drinking water to help with my reaction. I called for a manager of which was not prompt at all, she was so worried about the bill being paid for my two friends (of which she did not charge me for mine) instead of me getting medical attention. By God's grace I did not consume a whole lot I did not need medical attention. Even though I did have a mild reaction.......BEWARE!!!!!!!! they don't follow instructions!!!!!!Got sick here in sept of 2013, then again in sept 2014. I wont eat here again. I was so sick, I was layed up for SEVEN DAYS. It's always busy here though,  and its a great deal if you like playing Russian Roulette with food poisening.The specialty rolls are all creative and candy to the eye, the quality of fish less than Mediocre,  But WOW. Just based off customer service this place gets 1 star, The waiter i had was rood, rolled his eyes at me when he gave me the wrong check..  and most of the workers look like they hate working here. Sucks because i live right down the street and would have loved to have made this my new local sushi restaurant. Since i eat sushi at least 1nce a week. But i absolutely refuse to give these people my money.Came highly recommended. Roach climbed up wall behind while eating toro. Didn't seem to bother anyone else.Fake Japanese by Korean. They don't even serve Japanese green tea. Always run out of Uni during lunch hour. What a coincidence.

I am so done with this place at this point I leave a chintzy $5 tip, I really wanted to leave nothing, but the old school server in me wouldn't allow it.  I left feeling cheated out of $70 and will never go back.I had the macaroni and cheese which was very good, but the server and hostess were so rude and slow that I'll never go back again.  We knew what we wanted right away and I asked if we could put in our meal order after he took our drink order (3 waters, please), and he straight up said, "No, I'll take your order after I bring your drinks."  SO rude.  Our server never came to check on us after we got our food.  We had been done with our meal for about five minutes and our server walked right by me, I looked at him and waved to him as he walked by to get the check and he completely ignored me.  I'll never ever go back.This was the worst meal I've have had in a long time.  The grilled romaine salad was disgusting, the dressing was overpowering and tried to pass it as a cesear.  I lost my appetite before my pizza arrived.  I ate one slice it was mediocre.We have tried this place twice.  Our first visit was on our anniversary when we were served a bottle of the Emeritus Pinot warm.  The bar tender tried to remedy the situation by putting the bottle in a chiller.   Not a place for wine lovers like ourselves.We came back last night and had a terrible experience.  We ordered the Emeritus Pinot again.  Fortunately it was properly served :). We orders the steak frites for dinner (my favorite) and were served a steak salad.  We sent the salads back .  I kid you not, the kitchen scraped the steak off, added some frites and served It to us cold.  Pathetic.  We sent it back.   The manager came out and offered  us free dessert, never mind that we hadn't eaten anything for dinner....We were not at Denny's (although I wish we were), a brownie doesn't make it all better...we paid for the wine, left and went to Humble Pie.   I don't think we will give this place a third try.What can I say..that was the worst meal of my life.  Bean burger tasted like mushy paste with no flavor.  Kids pasta was the same.  They refused to eat it.   I tasted it to see if they were being picky and sure enough it tasted like creamy nothing.  The lemonade tasted like it had pesticide in it.    I will never go back here.  The place smelled like a sweet pulled pork.  I did not want to eat there when I saw what was on the menu.  My husband said give it a try and so we unfortunately did.  Urghhhhh. Horrible.   I will say the waiter was nice, but obviously never ate from the menu as he said it was hard to go wrong and it was all good.  I guess if you have been starved for two weeks, it may be a place to go if there is nowhere else to eat.I have been here once for lunch and sat outside only to get eaten alive by flies, nothing worse than eating outside on a nice patio and being pestered the entire time. I decided to give it another chance for happy hour, well guess what? flies followed me inside too. I don't know if it was the time of year (early spring) or what, but they really need an exterminator!Poor service & mediocre service.

You would think that a hospital that's not as old as the other hospitals in town like this one compared to other ones that have been around for a few decades would AT LEAST have better customer service, educated doctors and new technology.,..................I have family members that have had the unfortunate experiences of having to be hospitalized numerous times and I've always been selected as the overnight companion so although I was never the patient, I was always accompanying someone who was the patient. I've stayed at several hospitals in town and I have to say, Southern Hills is HORRIBLE.1. The nurse at the E.R. desk right when you walk in obviously doesn't like her job. She was rude and would probably be a lot prettier if she smiled.2. When someone is placing an I.V. into someones veins and this someone works in the E.R. (a department where I'm pretty sure they do this shit often) you would think that they could place it without bruising someone who doesn't bruise easily. 3. When a patient says he doesn't want to take a medication because he doesn't like the side effects and to please find another alternative (which is your right) you DON'T say "But, the Doctor ordered it, you'll be fine". Bitch, let me take a medication that makes you queasy and pump it into your system and see how you like it!!!4. You know it's a bad sign when the patient is able to manipulate the Doctor's decision towards the patients preferences. 5. When this hospital opened, flat screens were already in existence... Tell me why this place looks like it opened in 1980?!Honestly, I'd rather take the extra 5 minute drive down to Spring Valley Hospital purely based on customer service and knowledgeable staff. It's as though they send new grads to Southern Hills Hospital. Even my Endocrinologist that's in the Medical Center is a friggin' twit! It's an extra 5 mins away, JUST GO TO SPRING VALLEY HOSPITAL.i wont go here ever again even if I'm dying. Long story short I came here last Saturday night because my leg had gotten run over by a car and I was in sever pain. I knew nothing was broken but I was worried about blood clots or tissue/muscle damage so to be on the safe side I wanted to be checked out. The ER was completely empty which was nice but now i know why. Once in a ER room I was seen by about 6 different people and every time I told them the situation how my leg was run over they each started laughing and the doctor even had the audacity to comment on my hair color (it being blonde) I have never felt so disrespected in my life and he wouldn't even show me my test results from my cat scan and xrays. So now I'm stuck with a $3,000 bill and I have nothing to show for it. He wouldn't even prescribe me ibuprofen for the pain. I will never returnI went to the ER for hyperemesis which is sever nausea and stayed a total of 5 hours.  I never received a bill until I got a collection notice for $900.  Apparently the staff wrote down the wrong policy number and my claim was denied.  After giving them the correct policy number, I got a bill for $9000 and that I owed $1500.  The bill didn't even tell me what they were charging me for just a lump sum.  How can they get away with this?  What?!?  All they gave me was an IV and meds I could have had my doctor prescribe for $10.  I was told there is not much they can do for me.  Needless to say - I will have to think twice about having my baby there or ever going back.Nightmare staff, criminal E.R. nurses. This place needs an undercover investigation. One hostile nurse yanked on me as I lay in a fetal position with my spine condition, telling me to calm down. I said please dont pull on me, I have a serious spinal injury. She says "what, from like a hundred years ago?" These harried e.r.monsters need sensitvity training, or at the very least some education on spine conditions and their PERMANENCY. This place is a shame.I'm so not happy with this place after sitting here with my mom for last 24 hrs. So many little things... It's like falling thru the cracks!

c) you are a crackhead

The rest of the delivery went ok until I began finding damage.  Also, I had to pay extra money because my building has an elevator but despite that, about halfway through the movers began complaining about the heaviness of my belongings and also the elevator's age and slowness.  I have been on many an elevator and it is no express but it certainly isn't slow.  The last thing I want to hear from a bunch of late, hung over movers to whom I just paid 2 months' salary is a complaint about their perceived 'inconveniences' during my move.  They did not assemble anything unless I explicitly asked.  They did not receive tips although I had been prepared to give them each one.

The key code we gave them is wrong? For your information, I left the key box at 1234. When I checked it the next day. It was still at 1234? Wow, They never even tried!THIRD EXCUSE ON 01/10/2014:

3. the SouthListen, this pizza is gross, greasy as shit. I feel bad for anyone who thinks this is acceptable, you've never tasted good pizza. It's not an insult,  please visit the following cities and order pizza:New York, Chicago, Philly, or Boston.Zero stars.So we ordered some drinks at the bar and bought some slices of pizza to enjoy as a snack only to be told that you can't eat slices at the bar. Why didn't you say that before we ordered. Can't stand job worths!! .I was at Five50 last week and there was a friendly little green worm crawling across my friend's salad plate....when the attractive Latina manager finally arrived at our table she mumbled something about organic and deal with it....but not in that order....for an incredibly humble white boy like myself that answer would be more than acceptable...my friend is an attractive African American woman- who is not only a well paid executive in LA- but has not yet gotten to the point where the green worm thing is part of her cultural cuisine ...I don't think their exchange did anything to improve interracial relations....if only the environ of thirty dollar pizza's could be a little more post racial think how great the world would be....( in truth the whole incident might not have happened if it hadn't taken 45 minutes to get us two pizza's in a half full restaurant....the little green fellow might have just crawled away....)...Hey Shawn your servers at Sage are a tad smarmy as well...I know you are from Chicago but you and your team need to tone it down a notch or two...Unless you have 25-30 minutes to wait for a pizza, don't eat here. Wine & beer selection is decent, but the pizza is not worth the wait. Grab a to-go slice if you need something quick.PASS THIS PLACE- The food and service here were awful. We came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in Vegas in September and right off the bat were not greeted at all. We should have known from there the experience would be bad. We sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. We ordered a traditional pepperoni pizza and a side of their so-called-famous meatballs.The pizza was SO GREASY that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. When we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy.The meatball was just ok. Nothing to write home about. When our server came back to check on us we mentioned to her that the pizza was on the greasy side. She then said in a very rude tone that "That is how it is and that is normal for ALL pizza". I was offended with that remark. She has no idea what kind of pizza is normal if she thinks THAT was normal. Any who, the manger came over and had a very similar attitude. We paid our expensive tab and left- never to return, as I urge you to do the same.Actually, the pizza was pretty good.  The dough was a bit soggy but such is life.The service, however, yeeks.I booked an 8:00 table via Opentable.  I got there, and though the bar was crowded, many tables were open.  I waited...and waited.Finally, I got a drink at the bar.  I managed to find an open seat, which helped.  Then the hostess (8:30) came to take me to my table, except that there WASN'T A ****ING TABLE.  I was told it would be another 20 minutes or so.  And I had lost my seat at the bar.Thanks.The hostess offered to comp me a drink.  Unfortunately, she evidently didn't tell anyone else, as my drink was still on my tab.  I'm on expense, as I'm here for work, so it really didn't matter enough to argue the point, but come on.  If you promise something, follow through.My dog eats better food than this crap. Glad I spent a ton on this awful lunch. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.Girl was kind enough to tell me that I always don't tip when I purchase my Pizza to go.  I've been a server/host for 5 years so I guess I don't know a thing about tipping? I guess it takes real skill to put my Pizza on a plate and ring me out at the register? I mean if she was my waitress of course I would tip her. I don't think I'm going to feel comfortable purchasing a Pizza here again...Terrible service experience. After waiting 20 minutes with no wait staff acknowledging our presence, we began to wonder if this was a self-service restaurant.  The place was less than half full and still not one person stopped by our table to help us. Pizza is ok but is absolutely not worth the hassle.I would like to give it no stars.  The pizza was burnt.  We ordered a cheese plate, and the only thing they got right was the olives (which is standard).  I had to ask for the flatbread that came with it.  We ordered one cheese and two meats... I got two cheeses and one meat and it wasn't even the meat that we ordered.  My cloth napkin had holes in it.  But the bartender is flirting with my boyfriend to make it right... This place sucks.This pizza is so ridiculously greasy and gross. We were the only people in line and it took forever to get 2 slices to go! probably because the Cashier was desperately trying to hit on my husband. Where do I even begin about the tacky and unhelpful staff?! We stopped by here to grab a quick bite before heading to our room after check in. The cashier was unbelievably rude and gross! We had a resort credit of $100 to use on charges in the casino, which was given to us by Aria. When we went to pay for our order and informed her of wanting to charge the order to our room, she said we were blocked and unable to make room charges. Directing me to take it up with the front desk while eye screwing my husband, instead of checking into the issue by calling the front desk, which the front desk at aria informed me was all she had to do.  My husband was disgusted that this girl with piercings and a 90's skater girl/punk look was hitting on him. Just a tip for their cashier staff, hitting on customers while you are a cashier at a pizza place is probably not going to work in your favor honey. Gross and embarrassing!  1 star is given for her efforts in trying to flirt with a married man in front of his wife. Pathetic!Pizza was so-so, server and service was horrible and server was incompetent. Thursday is industry night and I am in the industry so I should have received 50% off, waiter refused to give me the discount and then proceeded to tell me that it was only for MGM employees. Then took the cash of the table as his tip when he was to apply the cash and then run the card for the balance. HORRIBLE experience.I came in here from the sign on Las Vegas blvd.  I love pizza. How can I not being from nj/ny.  I looked at the slices. Kind of greasy and small but I thought I'd try it anyway. I asked for a slice that has salami pepperoni sausage and bacon. This slice had no sausage don't asked the young lady to put some on it. She told me that's the way t comes. I pointed out that there was none of the ingredient that the pizza boasts. She apologized and re iterated her previous statement. I left. I'll stay with Secret pizza at the Cosmopolitan. Ty fr saving me 6 $Way over priced food is awful& disgusting so as the service . Food is greasy service is terrible we paid 150 dollars for 2 pizza & a salad. With all the choices in Vegas this is last place you should go. Overall it's awful& it's the pits. Full of weird crowdsMy hiking friends and I were watching one of the farewell shows of Zarkania at Aria and decided this spot to be our meeting point. It was a bit early for dinner (5:30pm) so we decided to have a quick snack before the show. Yelped the place beforehand which had mixed reviews but pretty much consistent good gourmet pizza though a bit pricey. (understandably being on the strip)There were six of us but two didn't want to eat as they were at the buffet earlier. So we decided to share one 16 inch pizza - the Forager- between the four of us and a beer each for two people. Our waiter, who will remain nameless as we were so pissed off we forgot to get it, decided for us that one pizza was not enough. Motioning with his fingers how tiny slices we were gonna get. We looked at each other and I was like, I know how big a 16 inch pizza looks like! But my friend decided to order another pizza, I guess just to make the awkwardness less subtle. NOT!Anyway, while waiting for our pizza, the next table's order arrived and I pointed to my friend how having 2 pizzas between the 4 of us would be waaayy too much considering we weren't that hungry and we'll be watching a show for a couple of hours with those pizzas sitting like rocks in our bellies...

Food is bad a year than a year，I never come back！The food is decent , don't come when they are about to serve dinner during there lunch hours they will force you to leave .  They could just let us know they will be serving dinner soon and ask if  we wanted to pay difference . But instead the woman working Gives an attitude  telling me it's dinner now .

WE WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT.  I suppose that one GYRO is more important than customer service /customer care.  This is all in our opinion and we will never go back to a place that in our opinion cares MORE ABOUT LOSING ONE GYRO MEAL than they do about their own customers satisfaction.  A FREAKING joke!  IF I COULD CHOSE O STARS THIS IS WHAT i WOULD HAVE CHOSEN.They have the WORST customer service I've ever encountered. I've been to this location more time than I can count, but today, apparently, my usual order is suddenly not okay. Now I'm not the special one who came up with the pricing, but my request is simple - pita, gyro meat, cheese. Not so hard right? Well, apparently it is. The Gyro Time and the BBQ gyro are the same price, but the bbq one comes with cheese. So why pay extra to get it on the plain gyro (gyro time) when it comes on the other one for the same price. But today, for whatever reason, when I asked to sub the BBQ meat for the regular one, they "can't to do it" and "our boss wouldn't like it". Well, you've been doing it for months. Consistency folks, consistency. Then that short little girl at the register got nasty about it. This is so absolutely ridiculous. Well, they definitely lost a frequent customer and all future recommendations over some cheese. Hope it was worth it. #byefeliciaGreasy and bland.  I had to raid my Asian sauce collection from the pantry to drown my food in multiple sauces to produce any noticeable flavor.  I was on my way home and placed a call in order for delivery, using my credit card to pay.  Since the boyfriend was home to receive the order, this seemed like a wonderfully convenient idea, which I would later learn otherwise.  The delivery driver arrives and informs boyfriend, "No card, no food."  They failed to advise of this little detail that the credit card and ID must be present and offered for review at the time and location of delivery, otherwise they will give you the food.  The delivery driver took the food back to the restaurant and informed boyfriend that I would have to drive there to pick up my delivery order and show them my credit card before they would release the order.  So, I go pick up my delivery order and ask for a refund of the delivery fee.  At this time they inform me that my card was already charged at the time of the order, also at the same time they could have informed about their policy that they won't deliver the food if the card isn't on location.  They couldn't figure out how to refund the delivery fee, so in my frustration I told them not to worry about it, as I decided that we would rather eat our food while it's still luke warm, rather than completely cold.Raw noodles.  Unfriendly staff.  Just that simpleThis review is solely based on the service we received. Upon entering we were merely directed to a table and provided no menus. The host simply walked back to his stand. We sat and chatted, waiting for a waiter to at least bring us some menus. The delay took excessively long. We watched the workers talk in the back, only to have one person to run 1 thing out at a time. The place wasn't busy, it was a Wednesday around noon, so I can't attribute the flaw in service to being overwhelmed.  The waiter finally came to our table to take our drink order. We stated we had received no menus and, being new to the restaurant, had no idea what drinks were available. He stated he would get us menus after he got our drinks, ignoring our previous statement. We restated it, and the host rustled up some menus. The waiter then walked away to another table before giving us a chance to place drink orders at least. Overall the experience just felt very rude and we perceived it as them blatantly ignoring us. We proceeded to leave thereafter due to the poor service. Again, I have no opinion of their food because thr service was bad enough to cause us to leave before even ordering. Hope others have a better experience.1st off.. The guy on the phone was nice and seemed very willing to help me.. It's a real pleasant surprise when some one is helpful and pays attention to you.. But it was all down hill after that.. The delivery time was acceptable no where near fast but not slow by any means.. I requested that the delivery driver call me when he gets at my home, due to me being upstairs and i have a bad knee so I'm not fast down the stairs. I am startled by all the dogs in the house freaking out because the driver was pounding on my door.. Almost breaking my neck running down stairs i go answer the door.. I answered the door and politely asked why you didn't call he didn't even apologize..   He seemed smug and un interested in what i had to say.. my total was 21.90 i had 25 to tip him 3$ but in the midst of all the mess I left it upstairs.. I handed him 23$ and he looked at me like I was stupid and said only 23 dollars..? Astounded I just shut the door.. I went back upstairs and settled in bed, the only reason I did order delivery is because I wasn't feeling well.. I open the bags and come to find out there was no fork or spoon not even a napkin in the bag.. Having to go back down stairs sick and on a bad knee to grab silverware I open my food and the chicken fried rice was descent, good flavor. The coconut chicken was like chicken in coconut soup, soggy and not done very well at all.. Due to this whole experience I will not be ordering from them at all ever again..Food is ok however it's not good enough to have the cashier be rude. If this place was not so close to the house I would NEVER eat here.Bathroom looks as if it has never EVER been cleaned. I can only wonder how clean they keep the kitchen.I have to say this is the last time I eat here. Well maybe if I am starving to DEATH. There are WAY better places to eat in the area. Pizza Hut would have been a better option. I knew how this place is and I knew better. This time was my bad but never again.I think the Health Department should come take a look. I'm not sure they would even pass. Ohhhhh well what can you do!Really screwed place where you order before, while one goes shopping food arrives and they insist person ordering has to be there mind you that you're in the system and have ordered while other places are courteous and respectful. Gave them ID and 2nd card for security and yet no. Sent food back. Checking card for refund!Absolutely the worst Chinese food I have ever had.  Chicken curry was tasteless soup the same. NEVER againTERRIBLE COSTUMER SERVICE This place was horrible- the lady se arrived 9.00 pm and BEFORE she said "hello" of "welcome " se made a bad face and told us in a bad mood than they were closing at 9.30 pm all the time and each time we would ask for something she would answer first of all with a "we need to close al 9.30 pm" she was nasty and NOTHING nice nor polite, she made us feel we just came to bother Her and her family business; finally at 9.30 pm she practically kicked us out from the place.  AS COSTUMERS WE FELT HUMILIATED  AND WE WILL NEVER RETURN. This lady was really despotic please eat in somewhere else.TERRIBLE COSTUMER SERVICE This place was horrible -- we arrived at 9.00 pm and they gave us a table. A lady came to take our order but BEFORE greeting us she made an ugly face and told us in a bad mood than they were closing at 9.30 pm, I was asking questions about veggies in some dishes, after answering 1 or 2, she said we needed to hurry up as they were closing in 20 minutes refusing to answer additional questions. Every time we asked for something she kept saying "we need to close at 9.30 pm"; she was nasty and awful, NOTHING close to nice or polite, she made us feel we just came to bother her and her family business; finally at 9.25 pm she basically kicked us out of the place.  AS COSTUMERS WE FELT HUMILIATED AND WE WILL NEVER RETURN. This lady (the only female we saw as waitress working there) was really despotic! When leaving, a male said happy holidays to us, the other males were OK, the only horrible one was this female, more than enough to never go back. Just rating 1 star because there is no option for none. Please eat somewhere else.RUDE, RUDE, RUDE!!! The cashier actually threw packets of soy sauce instead of handing it to me. Then mumbled some Asian language in about me to the other workers. Just because I wasn't paying attention to her when my pickup number was called. I place I will never return to. Check to see if they spit in your food. VERY BAD SERVICE!!!I give them 0 stars because the food was HORRIBLE first off. Second half my order was wrong.  And to top it off the cashier was rude!dont ever move into these apartments. everything is old and broke and management makes it seem like they arent to blame for broken appliances. zero stars!!!!!!!!I'll give it a 4 star for their service.. But a 1 for their haircut. My boyfriend went in for a simple buzz cut and it is so uneven I wanna make him go somewhere else to fix it cause it looks so bad. Everytime he comes here they can never give him a nice even buzz cut.. lol how hard could it be?I bought six cakes from Cake World for six different occasions.  When I went in to order another cake, the cashier quoted me for $45.  The baker recognized me and quoted me the gringo price of $65.  I love their cakes but after that...NEVER AGAIN!!!A little expensive for what you get. By a little I mean alot.I normally would not say anything negative but I thought others should be aware. I used to frequent cake world, using them for my own baby shower and several family members special occasions. But I ordered a chocolate cake with white frosting and was mistakenly given the wrong cake. I took it home, cut a slice and realized the fruit filled cake wasn't what I ordered. I called and the woman agreed to make what I ordered, saying that the cakes had gotten mixed up. She told me to bring the cake I received as well? When I went to pick up the cake I ordered, the woman got angry with me and said I should've returned it because she needed to resell the cake?! I told her I had already handled the cake and cut it and she told me she could've fixed that with frosting and resold the cake?! What else do they do to food? Gross...I never patronized cake world again.The decoration was good...people friendly..but cake was VERY DRY..VERY DISAPPOINTEDHorrible. Cake was as bad as the location. We ordered a Justin Bieber cake for my nieces birthday, the picture was fine. Not very hard to mess that up but they completely messed up the spelling of my niece's name. How hard is it to spell "Mariah"? They spelled it Miriah.... so I had to find last minute red frosting to fix it. The cake was dry, the strawberries were sour and generic store bought frosting. We bought a donut while we were waiting for the cake to be done (late of course) and the donut was hard and stale. Aside from the horrible food the inside of their place was old and sad with a bunch of non working fridges everywhere. Gross and tired.Oh and horrible hand writing on the cakes.My husband ordered a carrot cake for my birthday because it's my favorite.  They decorated it with carrots  but made the frosting birthday cake frosting (very weird).  I would rather have cream cheese frosting and forget the carrot decor on my birthday cake.  The cake was VERY DRY!!  The cake layers were THIN and the super yucky frosting between the layers was thicker than the cake.  My son took one bite and said he hated it.  I took one bite and was shocked at the frosting.  My second bite realized the cake was too dry to eat.  No birthday cake for me after my husband had gone to all that trouble and was so excited to surprise me.  Our kids were so disappointed!I just don't understand why, in HOT southern Nevada, they wouldn't keep this pool open longer.  It opens a week after Memorial day and only stays open through Labor Day.  Daily, it's only open from noon til 6pm.  Oh wait, I think I know:  Payroll.  They're too cheap to PAY people to run it that long.The lack of funding for personnel shows.  The lifeguards may have passed a CPR and lifesaving course, but their customer service skills leave a LOT to be desired.  Ditch the mirrored cop sunglasses, kids.  This is a part time, seasonal job.  A whistle and a megaphone should not make you forget that you are dealing with PEOPLE.  And they are the ones who ultimately pay your meager salaries.Last week I went in there when the place first opened and the men's room smelled and looked like someone had peed all over the floor.  It was a complete, smelly mess.  I hope this isn't a regular thing.  Doesn't matter though, I won't be back.It is a total waste of time to call this Y. They are so unprofessional there. The staff could careless. They are really young with no work ethic. It's suck because we live right down the street. Basically keep your standards very , very low.Don't waste your time or money signing your kids up for swim lessons here. The instructors are over-classified lifeguards. I doubt they have any experience teaching someone else to swim at all. I put my two kids, 2 and 4, in two 2-week sessions each. After the first session they got told they "passed". The following week they were supposed to move up to the next level (which oddly was doing the same exact activities as the level they had just completed) and then after the first day one got bumped back down again because she got cold and got out of the water. The instructor never told her to stay in at all. Of course I made her get back in but then he felt she needed to move back down a level. My older child could already swim underwater and without flotation at all before these lessons and yet during the first day "evaluation" they had them kicking on the edge of the wall and swimming with the instructor while she held a kick board and led them around. It didn't get much better the following days either but I'd already paid the money. Then, they rescheduled a lesson that was to occur on the 4 of July since it was a holiday for a Friday at 10:15 am or 11 am. Hello, I put my kids in 5:15 sessions because I work for a living. Why wouldn't the make up day be at the same time or close to it?! Not only that but a session got cancelled after 5 minutes because of lightning (ok) and they were supposed to refund and surprise, surprise, never did. All around waste of money and my kids have regressed in their swimming skills. At $100 for 8-1/2 hour sessions it was a complete waste.Don't take your car here!!!!  Maybe they can change oil or tire's but we had AC problems and they only found the problem after our 6th visit!!!  Then made it worse by changing out 2 tire's that did not match and then making a mistake with the card swipe and taking out 2 payments and unwilling to give the money back!  $1300 is a lot of money!I was just caught off guard when my doorbell rang at 6:00 in the evening and it was a Wien rep telling me the benefits of their services and discount/coupon card. I listened at first thinking the card was free and they were just trying to drum up business for that location.  Not the case at all. $20 for the card and when I politely declined it became a hard sell on what a huge mistake I was making not purchasing it. I mean he actually walked away mumbling something under his breath.I would imagine I'm not the only person in my neighborhood to be turned off by this evening solicitation. Ted Wien's needs to come up with a better     way to get customers to come to them.This company will do anything to make their daily quota. They charge customers for diagnostic test that they do not perform. After having repairs done here, I feel like I was ripped off. My car still is not working properly and the company will not own up to their mistakes. The manager at this place is very rude. Please beware, this is not an honest company.Changed to ones star. I value the help I get from the front guys. They're awesome and bend over backwards. Problem is the back. Brought our new truck here for an oil change since I love this place. Usually my husband does it himself but he wanted to get it off his plate. We went camping three days later. Since we were going out of town, we did the car inspection. My husband is anal about it and checked the oil even though we just had it changed. There was no oil on the dipstick. Luckily we checked it. Had the engine blown it would have been an uphill battle to prove they screwed it up. Happened to another family member too. Probably have to find a new place.Based on my experiences with Firestone in other states, I thought this was a very safe and reliable place for my autos, not so.  I got the oil and filter changed on my Nissan Altima, they said the cabin filter needed replacing, yes go ahead I said.  Not until a few days later did I notice, my glovebox door was not shut evenly along the front and it was also covered with black greasy  handprints all over it. Upon closer inspection, I found the plastic paneling that runs along the side of the glovebox had a big screwdriver like scratch in it as though one was used to try and pry off the paneling!! The plastic paneling that runs along the foot area had not been properly reseated.  I was livid!! The attempt to replace the filter had all the subtly of a dump truck!! I took the car back, a mechanic got the glovebox door reinstalled but nothing was done about the big screwdriver scratch.  There is no way I would ever trust this place to touch any of my vehicles again and I will make sure to let everyone I know what horrible, unprofessional, ill trained attempts at workmanship I have experienced here!!!I wish I could give a 0 star. My girlfriend went to this place by recommendation of her step father(I had no say) and later found out this was only because a credit line was established prior. They outrageously overcharged her for a million things she did not need or I had done personally recently. I'll only give one example since I cannot bear to waste any more time on them than is required to save a few good yelper's. They changed only 2 out of her 4 brake pads. These were replaced by me with high quality ceramic break pads from rockauto less than a year ago and certainly would not have worn unevenly. Now one example of the overcharging: They charged her  $110 just in labor to change the thermostat (not including the thermostat price $180) and I actually just had this exact thing done at specialized auto care for $120.50 total labor and parts!!! Not to mention this was a second visit after they had already claimed to have done anything the car could or would have needed. Thinking they would fix for free since she had just wasted $1500 at this place when the engine light came back on she took it back and they charged her $350 more. This place is a joke do not waste your time or money here.Scammers. Called and asked for a quote to replace the fuel pump on my Mazda Tribute. They quoted me $450 for parts and labor over the phone. Brought it in, and called to say it would be $650 for the fuel pump, $40 for seals, $70 for labor, and another $70 for the fuel filter. I asked why they told me a different price over the phone and was told that it was probably because they found something else wrong with it. When I pointed out that the diagnostic was the same as what I mentioned over the phone, they said that they may have looked up the price wrong. Very obvious bait and switch. Don't bring your car here.Just left Ted Wiens on Cheyenne and Cimarron. They told me it would be an hour to align my truck. In about an hour  later they call me up and say that it would be $158 on top of what they originally quoted me  which was $79 for the alignment, for a total of $238 plus tax. I spoke to "Tim" and he said it takes about an hour to figure out what's wrong with it then he said that they no longer have time to do it today. An hour of my day wasted. They said it would cost me $20 today if I didn't get it aligned. So I paid $20 to go and sit for a little over an hour at a place that said they would fix the problem only so they could say they wouldn't do it anymore and still charge me. Whatever, I'd rather pay more money than bring these people business.. I can't stand places like this. By the way, the guy ahead of me in line was told the same exact thing when all he wanted was an alignment and he paid it without question.Stopped for a quick dinner on a weeknight.  The dining room is separated from the bar...in a completely walled off room, but you wouldn't have known it from the smell.  Absolutely disgusting smell of stale smoke everywhere.  We turned and left and won't be back.  Too bad...a few years back this was an o.k. place, but a liberal smoking policy has turned it into a toilet.This was a horrible experience!!!  If you like food that tastes like chloride with a side of plastic accompanied by one thimble of ranch for the sampler, then this is the place for you. Don't bother saying a word about It because it means nothing!  The night supervisor did not have a minute to even stop by and speak to us after the server told him of our plastic food. "Would you care for something else?" Is what we got. Needless to say, our first time was our last . I would like to give honorable mention to our great bartender Candace, she was very friendly!!!The sign on the side ofplace said restaurant but when we went in and asked for a menu the bartender had no clue what we were talking about and said that they don't serve food. We walked out and another sign that said check out our new full menu with a picture of a burger on it. Are we bring punk'd?We've literally been going to Lucky's on and off for 12+ years. I'm sorry it just stinks!!  We literally call it "Stinkies" rather than "Lucky's" because it's so full of smoke. They are very typically slow to serve, cranky, tonight were just plain rude because we are not "regulars." Not to mention, I tried to play a slot machine that had a sign on it "reserved for slot players," well, I'm a slot player, right? I was told I couldn't play it, because it was reserved for a specific customer, and if he came in, the machine needed to be available. I'm not on the Nevada gaming board, but I'm pretty sure that's not legal... I'd really suggest The Lodge or Sante Fe Mining Co instead in the NW. Don't go to Luckys!!First I've been coming here for the past 10 years and despite the stinkiness of the bar I have continued to go there. Tonight a lady decided to interrupt a conversation I was having with my brother and the bartender decided to take her side and kick us out.this is after I paid my tab and left the bartenders a above average tip.he told us that he was kicking us out because she was a local, you dumb bastard I'm a local also but you decided to kick me out with my family and I hope you burn in hell and your mother also. I should have known not to go into the bar because there was a Donald Trump rally in front of the bar, me being the patriot that I am said fuck it. If you want to be treated like dog shit I suggest you go to Luckys lounge on Farm Road.That bar has no class and it stinks.  The bald bartender is a very rude person. He literally yelled at customers when they didn't even do anything wrong. Very disrespectful. Will not go there again.Walked in and hit by a cloud of smoke. I can deal with that, but it's not something I prefer.Once we came in and sat down the bartender looked and asked what we wanted, we didn't know yet so he walked away.Here is why this place has a one star review and will never have my service.A woman walked up to me and my boyfriend right when we got there and asked us how we were doing. We were weirded out by this random woman who had dead eyes and looked like she was strung out on heroin so we weren't very responsive and she walked away. Then a minute later came back to me and said "so did you come with anyone?" And I pointed to my boyfriend and said "yes, him". Then she goes "I'm with these two guys and they're taken by you" (insert old guy and creepy younger guy here) and I said "Oh well no sorry" and she said "they're interested in doing a porno movie with you" and my jaw literally dropped and I just said no. She goes "maybe next time" and gives a creepy smile and walks away.If these are the patrons that frequent this bar and make another guest feel incredibly uncomfortable I'm shocked they are still in service. We left immediately after this happening.Smoke-filled and dark, and my Guinness tasted off. There was not much going on the night that I went. They were giving away a mini fridge with every beer that was purchased if anyone's interested. Pool tables and dart were available to play. Left after I couldn't stomache the beer anymore. No reason to visit again.I was referred to this company by a friend when I told him I was having a problem with cockroaches and spiders.  I had to call four times and schedule an appointment.  Each time I called they would take my information and say that they had no record of me calling previously.  Finally I did schedule an appointment.  I waited around all day and no one ever showed up.  I didn't even bother to call back a fifth time and complain.  Don't waste your time with this company.  Go else where and pay a little extra money to avoid the headaches that I did.I found their website through google as I am still looking for a legitimately bug service. No one answered the phone so I left a detailed message explainibg my bug issues, what I was looking for. I never once received a call back, I even went to their website to request for contact back. Guess I'll keep trying other bug companies.I am a Las Vegas REALTOR(R) and I do associate with termite inspectors, but, never again will I call crispy critters for inspection.  They are maybe good with pest control because they probably have their customers to keep, but, Joanne is very unprofessional, & rude person I have ever encountered in this business.Let me back up!  On the 21st of May, I made an appointment online and specifically stated I want inspection on Tuesday on the address that my clients are buying.  I never received a call or email for confirmation of the appointment so on the day of inspection, I called them and ask if someone is coming to the property for inspection and she said that the appointment is for the next day, Wednesday, the 22nd at 11:30 am.  I said I wanted to know because I ordered the service and I have the check for $65.00.  She said I don't have to be there and I can just send the check to their office.  What she didn't tell me was that the price went up $10.00 after the inspection.  I sent her an email concerning the acceleration of the price.  I received a response from Joanne, written in all capital letters (means yelling), stating that price is $75.00 just because it was not on the order to bill anyone so she defaulted the payment to escrow.  It is only $10.00 but that was price I told my clients.  Not only that she insulted me, she made me look stupid to my clients, and how dare she sent me an email written in all caps.  Read between the line.  She's a damn liar.Called them for help with roof rats because I have seen their company trucks around.  I called their office and spoke with a female who was a little on the rude side.  I explained to her what I needed and she said to go on their website and fill out the form that was it.  No other information was offered just start with the form.  So I complied and the form asked for name, address and phone number which normally the person answering the phone would take as the first step.  That was a week ago.  Well guess they are so busy they don't need new customers.  I will make it a point to talk to my neighbors who use them about the way they run their business.  There are too many other companies to call who provide this service so cross Crispy Critters off my list.  That was a waste of time.My husband had his wisdom teeth out and a crown done here. Now that my daughter needs her wisdom teeth out, he recommended I call here.The receptionist was significantly less than receptive, despite my having two insurances and all the information on hand. She assured me they only did "general dentistry" although their website and my husband claim otherwise. I will be taking my kid to a dental office that does actual dentistry, and has a better trained staff.Absolutely disgusting. Started off in the drive through. Ordered 2 shredded chicken mini quesadillas and 2 chips with cheese. Received 2 shredded chicken and 2 beef mini quesadillas. Usually we wouldn't have bothered and would've went straight home. My partner insisted  so we went in and asked for what we ordered. They were polite and refunded the overcharged amount and fixed the order. Got home. Took ONE bite to find a long black HAIR inside the quesadilla. Pulled it out. Opened it up and found a SECOND black hair in the food. I have blonde hair and my partner has red hair. Needless to say... No longer going to this location. Professional staff but poor quality of food.Wanted a convenient quick takeout. Ordered General Tso Chicken and BBQ pork with veggies and went to blockbuster next door to get a video.Man, I will take a frozen Asian meal anyday as many like Trader Joes Teriyaki chicken is tons better than this. Quality not good nor taste. Very sad as it was so nicely located. We're movie/game junkies so we're always grabbing quick bites often with our videos. I wish I was closer to Chinatown.Yuk!Me no likey your chiney.All the dishes tasted the same.YUCK. Grossest Chinese food I have ever had. The egg drop soup smelled so gross I couldn't eat it. Both entrees (one with chicken, one with beef) were awful; the meat was soggy, and barely edible. The fried rice had maybe two carrots in it (not being dramatic) and tasted like brown rice. NEVER AGAIN.Went there and didn't like it at all. The service was horrible our waitress was really rude to everyone except one table which I assumed she knew because she ignored the entire restaurant just too talk too them. The food was blah but it came out extremely fast. I would give it 3 stars if it wasn't for the awful awful AWFUL serviceDO NOT EAT HERE! I got a boba milk tea and spring egg rolls and let's say it was all over the pavement not even an hour later! How can you get food poisoning from deep friend vegetable egg rolls or a boba tea? Something is SERIOUSLY wrong here....beware.Terrible customer service. I spent a lot of money with them and had an issue one time where the good tasted like salt was spilled in the food.  They accused us of just trying to get free food. They gave a partial refund with us getting loud in the restaurant. These guys food quality suffers and they blame you for it.Worst Chinese restaurant in Vegas!!!! Food was cold and tasted awful. Iced tea tasted like dirty dishwater. Server was rude! Hoping we don't get food poisoning. Would give it 0 stars if I could.Ordered food over the phone a week ago. When I arrived I received a "what happened? we close in 5 minutes" from girl. Boba drink had to be made still, food took over 5 minutes to receive. After arriving home I saw that the place had called about 6 times to see if I was coming. My wife and I took one bite and it tasted like degreaser had been sprayed on the food. Boba drink wasn't very good. Took food back next day and got a partial refund. Beware of eating anything here.Soo gross :( we ordered general tso and it legit was chicken fingers with the sauce on it and rice was weird. Was not happy with this place at all. It didn't even taste good. You should just go to Asian wok on n buffalo if you like Chinese food from the east coast!!!Tried this place on a referral from a family member and it was absolutely disgusting. We ordered the sweet and sour chicken combo and Crab Rangoon. The egg flower soup was sweet,  lukewarm and nasty. The chicken was rubbery and soggy because it had obviously been sitting in sauce for a long time. It tasted like a bad frozen dinner and was also lukewarm. The fried rice had no flavor and we only found a few chunks of what looked like really dried out pork and a few onions in it, also lukewarm. The Crab Rangoon were the smallest I have ever seen and tasted like cream cheese wontons. No crab tasted or seen and also cold. They came with a side of cold sweet and sour sauce (about 2 tablespoons) for 6. Our normal restaurant sends approximately half a cup of sweet and sour sauce with the Rangoons and never puts the sweet and sour sauce on the chicken when it is to go. The sauce comes separately in a soup container. We also get twice the amount of food, it's hot and fresh and tastes exactly like it should. We will never eat at this restaurant again, nor will we recommend it to anyone. EVER.Won't bother with this place again. The food was over priced for the generic stuff they serve.  Chewy icky shrimp.Disgusting! I was horrified by the pungent smell of urine coming from the beef and broccoli. Immediately I returned it and complained, they claimed it was something the cook it with... I've been eating the same meal all over vegas and often, never have I received one that smelled like that. I requested a full refund, no way I will ever order from here again!I ordered Beef Chow Fun & Chicken Chow Mein at this restaurant. By far the Worst in LV.The Panda Express chow mein is tastier than they are.I am comparing the 2 because Panda to me is not even real chinese food.That tells you a red flag right off the bat.The Beef Chow Fun Noodle was Hard.I dont even think they use soy sauce tasted kind of like Maggie Sauce.I really wanted to  like this place because it's close to my house.Hell No!I would travel farther for Quality.Don't eat at this place save your money go to Panda or a REAL chinese Joint.A solid 1 star ! Thought they're better than panda but I guess I'll go back to Panda Express! Why I said this it because, I ordered a plate lunch, combination of Mongolian beef and chow mein..but first they served this so called "egg-drop soup" well ya, we know what's egg drop soup..soup came in and i looked, it's just beaten of egg,Water and cornstarch and maybe a lil of salt..that's not what you called soup? Geezz!! Then I ordered chow mein along with Mongolian beef, beef was okay but the chow mein?? How can you say chow mein when there's nothing in it??? Was purely noodles!!! What a shame to called that noodles a chow mein??

2) My friend's machaca was bone dry. Isn't machaca supposed to be tender, rehydrated, and edible? All in all, the salsa was the best part of the meal. Yet, one cannot enjoy a dining experience on salsa alone. This was sincerely my worst experience at a restaurant and I will not go back to Mucho Gusto.Este es comida horrible! The Very best in Modern mexican food?? What the cuss? Really? Who says? Not this this guy? What idiot box is running this joint? Someone from the midwest with no tastebuds who watched too much Rick Bayless on PBS and decided to open a restaurant in the re-invent yourself capitol of the world??! Well lets start with the hostess. Too cool for school chick, no personality and playing with her iPhone at the podium! She did not smile, did not care that we were even there, more worried about her texts that greeting us and sitting us. I m sure she is missing out on something with all her yahoo friends!Now, on to the service. not great. Waitress was typical college kid with no real serving experience or at least she was not very good at it. Did not check on us much but was not all that horrible. Just so-so.

Six people ordered steak, four of which were the filet mignon, and no one was impressed. My boyfriend and I each ordered the salmon, which was okay, but definitely not worth the price or the wait. The side dishes were lukewarm, the vegetables were very oily, and we abandoned them half-eaten on the table.My friends and I make it a point to have a few nice dinners whenever we all go to Vegas together. This used to be a staple on our trips, but it would take a lot of convincing to get me to go back after this alar visit.Mediocre food and horrible service.WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER?... This place is a joke. Ten of us went for dinner and ordered shortly after we got there. The food didn't arrive two hours later, the waiter was pompous and didn't care about us.  We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either. 10 very unhappy and hungry people walked out.  Funny thing was it was a Thursday and not busy....DO NOT WANTI can get an idea for what this place emphasizes and it's not service.Let me list our problems with our visit to this establishment:1) Eternal waiting: our server took his time to make it to our table. The staff took their time delivering bread and drinks to us. Once we ordered, it was at least 45 minutes, possibly longer, before our entrees were delivered to us. We discovered somehow that the kitchen chose to first serve a large group that arrived later than we did. No apologies, no visits from the manager, no "make ups."2) Dishonesty: While waiting outside we had noticed the prix-fixe menu stated the rib eye was a 12-oz, while the rib eye a-la carte was 18-oz. That was reasonable for the price (which was roughly comparable); some in our party chose the a-la carte and others chose prix-fixe.When the entrees finally came, to our surprise there were no differences in the size of our steaks. When we inquired of the waiter he stated that the steaks were the same size regardless of prix-fixe or a-la carte. When we then pointed out that if we had known, all of us would have ordered the prix-fixe, he did not respond.3) Food: the best part of the meal, honestly, was the fries. The spinach souffle is nasty. And having been to Mastro's, Ruths Chris, Lawry's, and Flemings, the steak is overpriced for its quality. Easy to say we aren't coming back and I hope this review drives foot traffic elsewhere.I rarely write negative reviews, usually only positive ones, but this was one of those experiences. Wow. This was by far our worst dining experience in Vegas.  It was the worst spent $700 ever. We made a reservation for 7 people about 1 month ago since we were going to be in town for a trade show. Our last appointment ran late, so four of us showed up the restaurant late. 3 were already there, but couldn't be seated until the missing 4 arrived. They could have been ordering drinks and appetizers, but instead, the table sat empty.  We arrived and were told that we could eat, but that we would have to be out of our table by 9. Okay, that is fair, but how they treated us after that was not.  We had plenty of time to eat, in fact we finished 20 minutes before 9. But we kept getting pushed...the waiter first said that he would choose out appetizers (because us reading the menu for 2 mins was too much) He kept reminding us that we were in a hurry. We rushed through our food and at 8:40 the waiter gave us dessert menus, threw some fiddle faddle packages, courtesy of the chef, on the table, and said that we could choose dessert and that we MIGHT have time to eat it.  Seriously guy? Gratuity was included. We didn't give a penny more.  On the way out we commented to the hostess that they could have handled that situation way differently.  Understating that we had to be done by 9, they could have sped things up in the kitchen instead of constantly reminding us that we needed to rush. She argued with us instead of apologizing.  That is not customer service. Even more disappointing, we LOVE Michael Mina restaurants.  And planned ALL Michael Mina restaurants for our trip. This Michael Mina restaurant let us down :( But--American Fish (Aria) and Michael Mina (Bellagio) are both excellent!!!I usually do not write negative reviews or reviews at all for that matter but this was a terrible experience. We had a party of 4 with over a $500 tab by the end of the night. The apps and duck fat fries were really good but it took a turn for the worse with the meals. We waited quite a while to get our meals in which we had no problems with because we squeezed in a few more cocktails. The meals were finally brought out after several apologies from the waiter and manager and all of it was wrong. We ordered 3 steak courses and 1 fish course. The fish course had foie gras butter on it and was returned. My steak didn't have it was returned. The other two courses sat there until they fixed it. When my steak came back it was overcooked and tough. They should have replaced it. The waiter could see we were miffed and never really came back to our table. He sent the manager over every time. We were not being rude or that impatient but we got upset after nothing was done. I didn't eat my steak and our friend didn't eat her fish course. The manager removed both courses but still had over a $500 bill. Skip this place, not worth the $15 cab ride from City Centre.If you like great steakhouses like Ruth's Chris, Morton's or The Palm, you won't like Stripsteak. One of the worst steak meals we've ever had. Service was very slow, took 45 min to get out raw oysters and a salad, and an hour and a half for a medium rare steak. Steak was not tender and very plain...grocery store steaks have more flavor. Please don't waste your time or money on this very over-hyped steakhouse.I have visited & loved many Michael Mina restaurants, & this one absolutely does NOT measure up!  Much overrated & overpriced for quality of food & ambiance...very marginal steak, poor prep, & not served as ordered.  Terribly LOUD.  Free duck fries best item served at this dinner.  Would not return.   Complete waste of $$$ & calories!I wish they gave you a chance to rate 0 star.    We were there an 1 1/2 hours before the Kings playoff game and were the first one's in the bar.   Waiting for the game, we ordered 3 appetizers and 3 rounds of cocktails.  Drinks were good, appetizers were just ok.Then 30 mins into watching the game and getting ready to order $300 worth of Seafood, we were told by the Manager Robert, that a new group of people had arrived at their bar, and since their other TV was broken, that they were going to change the channel on the game as it was MANDALAY BAY HOTEL POLICY, to always select whatever the larger group of people wanted to watch.In this case it was 5 people from Russia who wanted to watch a different game and as such, we were told we were not as important as us, and once again it was MANDALAY BAY POLICY!So, they changed the channel so that 5 people could come in and order a round of water...LOL, and then basically said tough luck to us.Imagine my chock when I called MANDALAY BAY only to find out that it was not hotel policy and rather the policy of the individual manager.    So now, we have no idea who to believe, but, if you want to go to a loud, overpriced restaurant, where you can easily be treated as a nothing, if a larger party arrives, go to this joint.  If not, find somewhere else.   There was a reason why when every other restaurant was packed with a waiting line, this place was 1/3 full!  Hopefully, MANDALAY BAY, will someday decide to look into this and not let the reputation of a good hotel be damaged by such a lack of professionalism.My dinner was on June 8th 2014. I will typically give a place a 2nd chance if the first isnt what was expected. In this case we are talking about a Vegas, and you only get one shot to impress and hope people spread the word about your Steak house. My wife and I decided to have dinner here after we watched the Michael Jackson show in the hotel. The host escorted us to the table and said a server will be with us shortly. (no problem) 10 mins goes by and nobody is yet to stop by our table. Finally the same host saw that we hadn't been helped. So he brings up a dinner and drink menu. Takes our order for the drink and they come. Now we are just back to sitting around waiting for our server to come by.  I then pull out my cell phone and start the stopwatch on it. 23 MINS later our server comes by. Proceeds to tell us about the menu. At this point my wife and I had 33 mins to decide on what we wanted for dinner. We were ready to order. We place our order and move on. The food finally comes out (another server brings it to us). I had to ask that server for the Fries that come on the house because our server never came back or brought them. I ordered the 16oz NY Strip and my wife ordered the Filet Mignon. My steak was "good" at best, certainly wasnt a USDA Prime Steak. We shared the Potatoe Gratin. That was about the only good thing about this place. I could go on but I was very disapointed in everything at Stripsteak. I'll stick to my local place, Peterson's Steakhouse in Indianapolis.I would have loved to give this restaurant a raving review, because it was aesthetically beautiful, and the waiter was friendly. However, I should note that I have celiac disease, and although I have safely ordered and eaten at several restaurants in the casinos, this was not one of them.I normally order by telling the server my restrictions, and asking how the food I choose is prepared. My meal was brought to me by someone other than my waiter. The meat came differently than described to me, and upon asking him what was in it, he told me cornstarch (I can't have corn). When my waiter came by, I asked him as well, and he agreed there was cornstarch. I told him I couldn't eat it, and he did not offer to take it away and replace it. He returned shortly after and said he checked with the chef, and said they were wrong, and there was no cornstarch. I had two bites of it, and decided it didn't seem safe. I ate the vegetables instead. I have spent the rest of my evening in awful pain from reacting to the food. If you are celiac, I don't recommend dining here.I've been here several times and always recommended this steak house to fellow coworkers and clients because I love Michael Mina restaurants. The quality of food and service has dwindled over the years but it was always a top choice when looking for a steakhouse for dinner (if you know what to order). I know people always say this, but I have been in the restaurant and hospitality industry - IN VEGAS for years and appreciate food, but most importantly, hospitality. I am sad that I have to give such a negative review about Stripsteak but here goes...On a recent visit, a couple of friends and I went for a late snack around 9:45pm (they serve til 10:30pm). We decided to sit at the bar and ordered a couple cocktails and requested menus for appetizers. The bartender told us he would have to check to see if the kitchen was still serving food, which is fine. So he went back to the kitchen and we jokingly laughed amongst ourselves about how it's just our luck and that this "sucks for us". Then another bartender quickly came over and told us that they are doing US a favor by checking to see if the kitchen was open to serve food and that they don't have to serve us. Then it just got awkward. We didn't know where this guy came from and why he was talking to us like that. Maybe he thought we were talking about the restaurant and misunderstood? Either way, I would never speak to a guest like that! We kind of paused in shock, thinking he would laugh and say, "Just kidding!". We told him that we were going to spare him the favor and didn't want to be served anymore and just left. I will never be back and I will make sure that my colleagues and guests do the same. Just go to Craftsteak at MGM instead. Amazing food and great service guaranteed to not drive you away!Tasted like a frozen dinner. Tiny portions. $100+ per person. Awful. Service was confrontational and rude.I agree with Mike G of New Jersey. Great fries and after that awful. We had a large party. Some in our group had their sides come out after they were done with their main entree. The beef was FAR from prime and undercooked.Fish dishes were all cold and when two people sent theirs back it was just reheated. They had traded some food and the plates came back with the same soggy food on it and looked awful!After all that, the manager blamed us!! She said the steak was the way THEY do medium (it was under cooked). Crab cakes soggy. Everything too salty and floating in olive oil.All they did was comp a couple of sides on an $800 bill.

She told me about the Latisse promotion they're having which I was very happy that she mentioned it to me because I had just started on my last bottle and I don't want to run out of it.

deliveries being picked up early, or if I would need to do anything extra to ensure delivery in 3 business days. I was assured by the representative that my reading of the contract terms was correct, and that the 3 days transit was based upon the pickup date, therefore no

But then the cab was not far away from my hotel so they called the driver and he came back in 5 minutes.

even the bar seating (which is extensive) is comfortable) Service could be much  improved...come on it took forever to get a bottle of beer....the burrito...carne asada..

casinos. Unlike regular gaming machines, you play against the other players,

We need to call 3 times to the operator to get the plunge delivered to the room.

As a business owner myself I would never treat my client like this.  It is because of this that I have a 4.75 star rating on Yelp with 32 reviews!This place breaks your car so you have to go back to them! Theses people are crooks! I took my explorer in a few months ago for an oil change and was told my seals are bad and theres a problem with my air intake system and i should bring it back in on a later day, so i did and after 8hrs they said they couldn't figure out what was wrong and I needed to bring it back the next day for a specialist. On my way home that day my motor started to smoke, when i took it back for the specialist the next day I asked about the smoking and they replyed with "we told you your seals are bad". After another full day with there specialist I was told the computer had gone bad and I now owed $800. 2 days later my breaks go out and are leaking.Now just a few days ago I take my 2nd vehicle in for in oil change and when i get it back they tell me my seals are bad and just today i find my breaks are leaking and going out. This place is full of crooks!!! Be warnedAvoid at all costs! 1 hour 54 minutes for an oil change.  I had an 8AM appointment for an oil change.  I arrived, expecting to be done in 30 minutes.  Oil changes don't take that long and I had scheduled an appointment to get it done so I wouldn't have to wait.  I talked to the manager and was given an excuse that my car, a Sequoia, had to use the large lift, they only had 2 of the large lifts, they had 3 appointments scheduled at 7, etc etc.  Enough of the excuses, how about some customer service.Finally, they had me pay and said they were finishing up, I still waited 25 more minutes.  Unacceptable, I'll never return to a Big O.This place sucks... been there before and the waits were all ways long, so I made and appointment for an oil change and tire rotation.  While I'm waiting for an hour and a half they keep trying to sell me things I didn't need.  Paid the bill plus shop fees?  When I got home i looked at my tires and they had not been rotated. I called the shop and told them, he told me they did rotate them.  After arguing with him he agreed to rotate the tires.  This time I had someone drop me off so wouldn't have to wait again.  Went back near the end of the day and got my truck without further drama. When I got home noticed that my most of my lug nuts were stripped.  I called and they told me the lug nuts were like that before...bull@#$t!  I just hung up. The only place I could get the correct lug nuts were at the dealership.  On my way there the next morning my truck started smoking.  I pulled over to discover the cap from the power steering pump was missing.  So I drove my truck to the dealership leaving a trail of smoke.  Ended up spending around 100 bucks on parts.Loyal Customer LostFirst the back story:I have been a loyal customer at this location in Gilbert for years, I have taken my past 3 vehicle here for regular oil changes, tries, and more. However, I feel as though I should have noticed the red flags way earlier.

After getting back to work and finally being able to eat our food, I was told the pizza was not very good, the fettucine alfredo was bland and my pasta was mediocre.  We also did not get any bread as promised.I don't get the ratings. Not homemade, not flavorful. I had the gnocchi with tomato cream sauce. Store bought gnocchi with a bland sauce. Got boring real quick. Husband had beef ravioli and said it tasted like it went from a freezer to a microwave and then was too long in the microwave. Sauce was bland. Pass on this one.Closed on the day after St. Patty's day. Poor form. I guess business is just that good. Congrats.I'm going to make this short and sweet, due to the fact that I don't feel a need to put any more thought or effort into this horrible establishment. Pros: The party napkins were a nice shade of red that appealed to the eyes. Cons:Service

And the waitresses just do not care about the biz... The fish was smelly too .C'mon...run the business correctly, now adays with yelp and review sites we can make or break these type of places.Pick another sushi joint, there's one on every corner!!  Naked fish on Durango is killer, they are not cheap and everyone is very inviting there.I never write reviews on anything but had to share my opinion on this place.  The food was so bad.  The fish was not fresh at all.  I felt like I had overpaid for the little food we ordered.  The only good thing was we were not charged for all the uneaten sushi on the AYCE.  I would not go back even if it was free.Their food tasted average.. but their customer management is terrible. My boyfriend and I started getting stomach cramps in the middle of the meal. I thought it might go away. It did for me, but my boyfriend got severe food poisoning (this was the only thing we had that day). I work in the restaurant business so I know you're supposed to offer at least credit on their account. But the "manager", which I doubt is the actual manager, gave me so much attitude and wouldn't say anything nice. He said, bring the hospital bill and we'll look at it. Who goes to the hospital for food poisoning without insurance? He said its not their problem since we can't prove that the food poisoning was from their place. "What do you want me to do??" Is what he said. How rude!Its not like I wanted another meal there, as now I'm scared to dine there, but I at least wanted some consolation. A simple "were sorry" would have done fine.Worst sushi experience in Vegas. Amazed they're still open. Over priced tiny portions. Huge disappointment.Ever since new management it has tanked sorry just not the same :( quality isn't that good anymore  . Everybody is too serious . Isn't a fun experience anymore .I have been going here for years. It used to be our favorite sushi spot in town however new management just took over last month and we went to try the food and did not like the new style at all. They have completely changed the ways the rolls are made even though they are still the same on the menu. The new staff informed me that I can no longer use our stamp card for ayce which I had already accumulated 8 stamps on this year alone. They also do not engage with the customers as much and refuse to make anything out of the ordinary. When we used to go we had our favorite chefs who took care of us every time. Those chefs all moved and opened their own sushi spot which I tried last week for the first time. It was amazing! I will make the further drive to eat at the new place. It's too bad Sumo 2 had to up and change everything. We have spent tons of money there and referred it to everyone we knew.Been here many of times...but today was unacceptable!!! My biggest peeve is getting sat and getting unnoticed for ten minutes. We decided to leave and go somewhere else for sushi. SS2, make sure your staff pays attention and communicates to fellow team-members about their station getting sat. So  that you dont have paying guests up and leave. Best of luckGood service, nice folks, but the sushi smelled fishy and upset my stomach, the rice didn't stick together well or have a good taste.  I won't be eating there again, been a year since I had sushi and was very disappointedWill never return and if you care about service you won't even try this place. We were led to three different tables before we were actually seated because the host could not understand 6 plus a high chair. He kept taking us to different tables and removing the sixth chair. Then when we were finally seated they didn't give us an a la carte menu only an ayce one when asked about the a la carte menu the referred us to the menu taped under the tabletop so basically 6 of us had to share one menu and when we asked for another yet would only give us 1. Our food then took forever to come out and when it did it didn't come out all together and most of the food was already cold. The taste an quality of the food was pretty terrible.It also took a good twenty minutes and multiple request before we could get the check. The server told us she have us our drinks for free which was hilarious since most of us ordered water and then they were trying to charge us a 20% service fee for basically the worst service I've ever experienced. When I complained she said there was no way to remove it but when I asked to speak with the manager she magically returned with a bill minus the service charge. They also blast k pop music so loud that even my 2 year old niece complained it was too loud.shitty food with sitty service. they served miso soup with a tag attached spoon, which means they never cleaned it. I will never go back there!!! I also tried a tempura icecream and... the tempura icecream came with vanilla soup...haha...  I never recommend this place to my frineds either... !!YUCK!!!!! Went there for the first time tonight and it was horrible!!! The sushi was not fresh..the Japanese lasagna tasted like charcoal.. and the food came out way fast which is probably a bad sign when ur dealing with sushi.. me and 2 friends did all you can eat and we could not even bare to choke the food down so we had to sneak n put the rest in a dirty diaper sack!!! My stomach hurts sooo bad I wont be surprised if i get food poisoning!!!!Came  hear and left. I was taking my 6 year old to dinner. I initially asked waiter how much for a six year old? They said same price as adult. I don't think so. My 6 year old is not going to eat same as me. Didn't get to try them :(Awful service I would give them 0 starts if I could. Asked for no vegetables with our chicken said would be a extra $1 to not give us the food it came with the Ginger and wasabi hard as a rock and rude!Small portions lol not recommended for pregnant women ! The worlds smallest avocado rolls with big prices everything g was small portionsWe have been here numerous times in the last year and a half, usually amazing food and wonderful service.  It's my best friends birthday- so I brought him here for an incredible meal.Man,.....SOOOOO DISSAPOINTED. Food was good but the service was deplorable.   We had to flag someone down to get out water filled, order and get the check.  I can NOT recall having a worse experience at a restaurant ever.Last night me and my husband went to eat sushi since we live in the area and I saw the NEW MANAGEMENT sign. Here is my brief input: the place is upbeat they play good music and it is pretty busy with good prices but as soon as you check out my photos you can clearly see why my husband decided NOT TO EAT here. I was super-hungry so I just ordered 2 small plates. We spoke to 2 servers about our issue and the first one said he was very sorry but he couldn't change the tablecloth for us and when the 2nd server who we checked out with she just said they will be changing it...but I wonder when...anyway I will never return. This place is dirty and I cant imagine what else is going on behind the scene if they get away with the tables being disgusting.Place is horrible , waiting 20 mins for a single roll, did all you can eat... Ate 2 rolls in their time frame ... They had someone here cleaning the fish tank and all you can smell after he opened it was nasty dirty fish water.... Not the greatest place to come eat, take your Buisness over to 808 sushi, I normally go there and decided to try something new... Big mistake ...The wait staff was horrible. We had 3 different people serve us as we dined. Each one seemed like they were in a hurry and confused each time they interacted with us. My boyfriend was drinking an Asahi and when one of the waiters gave him another beer to replace it he got a Sapporo and had to remind the waiter. Also we asked for ponzu sauce and waited a while then had to walk up to the sushi bar from our table to get it. We ordered sweet shrimp and they neglected to serve the shrimp heads that are supposed to come with it...we had to ask for that to be served too. As for the Karaage chicken it was very dry and served with just regular basic ketchup. We had to ask for our drinks to be refilled and for more than the one napkin we each got. An attentive waiter would anticipate a guests needs but this staff needs more training apparently.Their service sucked I've waited 30mins just to order my rolls. No one came to ask if we needed help nor even acknowledged us.Waited half an hour just to get a water and no one come by to take order, restaurant wasn't busy, the host came by a few times to ask if the server took my order but no one did, how do you run a place without service?!?They advertise on all you can eat they have lobster roll, shrimp roll but it's all grounded up imitation crab. Better served somewhere else.  Terrible. Don't waste your moneyThe worst pieces of raw fish ever laid on top of rice.  The quality of ingredients were so bad I'm tempted to eat here again just to make sure I've really found the worst sushi restaurant on the planet.This was our second time here, the first visit was great, great food, great service. Unfortunately I cannot say the same about this time. We were seated & waited 25 minutes nobody came & asked us for drinks. This is unacceptable service. To get unnoticed for twenty minutes after entering a restaurant. I will not be back. The lady who sat us did not even pay attention when we walked out either.Worst service in town. Slow Thursday,  literally 7 customers in this place and it took 30 mins to get 1 order of sushi.  But when the check came, they sure we're attentive.

Kerig in the roomCons:

* Had some vanilla ice cream for dessert. Had to ask the attendant behind the counter to scoop it, but that was OK, and she was very nice. Unfortunately the ice cream was the one part of my meal I really enjoyed.Overall, the food not being maintained at sufficient temperature just killed this place for me. The price and service didn't do anything to redeem it. I personally wouldn't risk giving this place a second chance.Stop!!!  Turn around and go to another casino..  I might as well been at the chow hall on base.  The quality of food here is terrible.   I cook better.  The only thing that was decent was the shrimp and crab legs.  So if you can eat $24 of this, then this is a decent place.  prime rib was chewy and under cooked, turkey was dry.  The deserts were bland and the service...well what service???  I will never go back.Blah food in a dark and dismal atmosphere leftover from the 80s or 90s at best. Reminds me of the Old Country Buffet chain ... but at $20 for lunch. Poor drink service. Why can't they just have a self-service fountain? No real seafood in sight, and certainly not the advertised fresh crab legs. Maybe that's just for dinner? After staying at Harrah's, the host hotel, I'm not surprised by misleading ads and poorly labeled EVERYTHING.I was there a couple weeks ago for the 1st time. I've been 2 vegas tons of times but never to this buffet. I was sssoooo dissapointed. The selection is miniscule & it pretty much sucked sh%&. Come on the place didn't even have pizza & for the lunch price of about $17 it was not worth it. I actually only paid about $12 cause I used some total rewards points & a coupon I got frm ballys, but not even worth that. Peeps, when u go to vegas & want a good buffet with a huge selection for a cheap price, take the free shuttle frm harrahs or ballys to the rio, walk next door to the gold coast. Gold coast has a good lunch buffet for about $8. Or go to the [rleans buffet, they have pretty much the same huge & awesome buffet for about the same price. The strip buffets are way overpriced. Even the excalibur has a better buffet! Save some $, if uw want awesome pizza ck out a little walk up place in the paris walkway to ballys. I 4got what its clld but its right across frm the paris buffet & its $10 for 2 big slices (the artichoke & margherite were fab) & a drink.Awful food ...comparable to a school cafeteria. Even worse is their customer service. Our waiter came to check on us or take away our plates but once the entire hour we were there. He yelled across the room to my husband to ask if we wanted more water. Wtf?! Then the guy behind the counter saw me waiting for ice cream... Made eye contact with me, and proceeded to go behind a tray cart to text on his phone. So rude. Will never ever come back to this place even if I'm s taying  at this hotel.Perhaps the worst buffet in Vegas. Skip it!Knowing that Flavors didn't get as good of reviews as the other buffets in the Buffet of Buffets.... we came here for breakfast for a light meal. I got the typical breakfast foods (sausage, eggs, bacon, cinnamon rolls, etc), but even that wasn't very tasty. There was no line at all when we came, and there were only a few people eating at the buffet.So we had a friend in town and decided to go all out and do the 24 hour "Buffet of Buffets" pass. The next morning we got a later start than we would have liked and got stuck going to Flavors since they didn't have much of a line... that should have been a warning! This was supposed to be a "holiday brunch" but there was really nothing special about the variety of selections and the food I did try was consistently lousy. Even the rolls were hard as rocks. I wasted $10 on the all-you-can-drink add-on since our waitress NEVER came around and when she did, she brought me the wrong drinks! I ended up having two bowls of gelato and calling it a day, saving my appetite for an early dinner. Skip this place.This buffet was terrible. I read reviews on it saying it was basic and decent? Made me sick to my stomach, the best thing was probably my drink! The mac and cheese was dry and burnt like it was sitting there for a while, but it just came out!! Everything I saw on the lines looked poorly done, nothing looked appetizing. I'd never go here again! what a waste of money.Don't waste your money. I would of preferred mcdonalds!*********************DON'T DO IT!!!*******************WOW, where to start?!  The Mr. and I had "vouchers" to this buffet because we purchased them in a package deal with the "Legends" show.  This by far was the worst buffet I've ever been to!! The food was either too salty or completely flavor less.  Their selection I suppose is good, it's just a shame the food sucks!!  But the water was good..hehe :)I would certainly warn to stay away from the sushi.  The rolls we saw were dry and the avocado was browning...yeah brown!! No bueno!! The crab legs smell very fishy and the meat was chewy and rubbery.  Their chow mein noodles were hard and overly sautéed in garlic....yes it's possible to use too much garlic.Seeing that we were not having much luck with the food we moved on to desert.  The ice-cream was ok, but then again how can you mess up store bought ice-cream.  Their custard was more of a jello grainy consistency, not custard at all.Overall, this was not a good dining experience.  If you're going to try a buffet don't try this one, save your money and go elsewhere!!If I could give this a NEGATIVE10 stars, trust me, I would!!First off, let me start out by saying this is the WORST buffet I think I've ever encountered! Additionally, it also made my husband and I sicker than dogs...coincidence, maybe, but probably not! I think I could have gotten a better meal at Shoneys!!I chose this buffet because of the crab legs. When we were finally seated after a 45 minute wait (with open tables everywhere, I might add) and we got up to the buffet, the crab legs were COLD...who the h*&^ eats cold crab legs?!?!? And apparently if you want to have warm steamed crab legs you have to be a VIP or high roller of Harrah's. The manager on duty, Jermon, came to talk to me but offered us absolutely nothing in return other than a breakfast buffet the next day (which we were leaving that morning). I told him that and he said "let me see what I can do" and left the table and NEVER CAME BACK!!!  Very disappointed, especially since this was for my birthday. Big FAIL on your part Harrah's and I hope that others see this and don't come here!!! Don't waste your money, people...trust me!!Overpriced!  I was very surprised at the expensive buffet price.  Around $80 for three of us on a Wednesday night.  Same price for a weekday night as a Friday or Saturday. It was late and we were hungry, and couldn't decide on what we wanted so we gave it a go.  Terrible! Let's start with the salad. It was a little wilted and browning on the edges. (not terrible if you cover with dressing and cheese)

3. Three of my large furniture pieces were damaged. They hired a refurbishment company to repair the items. When they could not repair some of the damage they offered us a check for a small fraction of what was still damaged. When I tried to dispute the offer, no one returned my emails or calls.DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!Should be named the SNAKES In The Grass relocation services...  Our experience starts in January of 2014 and we spoke with Dave, the VP of the Phoenix office. We were given a sight unseen quote of $3600 to move from Phoenix to Chicago.  We went with other movers, but told Dave we'd reach out when we moved again and he told us that he' would take care of us'. We stayed true to OUR word, and called him to handle our move back to Phoenix in February 2015. Taking care of us means something different to Dave than it does to us... keep reading- this gets 'BETTER'..NOT.They sent a condescending and rude minion out to do a walk through of our apartment in Chicago,and she came up with a quote of 3600, the EXACT quote from 13 months earlier... SERIOUSLY????  She Also informed us that we will need a shuttle to pick up our load, because a "big rig" cannot get down the street(I.E.add an additional $450)... Um hello??  We LIVED There, AND saw "big rigs" deliver and pick up from the loading zone DAILY.Not to mention the apartment community staff confirmed that "big rigs" come down the street all the time. FIRST red flag!!!  We had SIGNIFICANTLY downsized throughout the year and moved back to Phoenix with MUCH LESS than we left Phoenix in January 2014,yet received the SAME EXACT quote 13 months later. Mind you, this is our FIFTH cross country move between Chicago and Phoenix, so we are not new to this.  We know how to pack, what it takes to get the job done, and what to expect.  The day of the move, a team showed up early with NO WARNING- and a half hour later, another team showed up. They were both given the job. Red flag #2!!!The moving team worked hard and efficiently - no complaints about the muscle men.A few days later, my husband received an email with the weight and the price.  Wouldn't you know it- the price was $3602 and some odd cents,and they 'weighed' the load as 4600 pounds.  4600 pounds?  I want to know who STOOD on the scale?  We moved 13 months later, with MUCH LESS items, yet the weight was MORE?  Please explain to me how THAT happens?   We arrived to Phoenix to look for our new home and found it one day prior to delivery of our things, so we had to obtain a storage unit. We gave the truck driver's wife the storage facility's address for delivery. MINUTES later, I received a call from Brenda (who Had been nice and helpful 3/4 of the way through this Scamfest) asking me for the address. I did not have it readily in hand but told her that the driver did. I assumed she would speak to the driver - BAD ASSUMPTION.   Brenda also said we would need a shuttle for delivery.. here we go again with the shuttle scam. We had been told by the storage manager, and saw for our selves, that there was PLENTY of room for the "big rig" delivery,and again, the employees there said "big rigs" come through all the time - the place is huge. Another shameless attempt at the shuttle add-on.UNREAL. The driver's wife called to schedule the delivery time, and informs us that the final bill is $3685 and some odd cents.  An additional 83 dollars, where did that come from? After being jacked around my husband got stern ( but did NOT yell), and the wife hung up the phone quickly. Again,here comes 'Big Bad Brenda' from the Phoenix office.And Here's where the remaining 1/4 where Brenda gets attitude Plus. Since When is being rude to a customer a good idea?  We NEVER lost our cool with any of the moving team -NEVER- and yet she came across with MAJOR attitude. Seriously, Brenda. She NOW tells us there is an additional charge, for delivering to a storage unit...WTF??Oh...THIS will make you laugh... while still in Chicago, we asked Brenda about storage and delivery costs, in the event we did not find out home in time. We were told it would cost $1600 for 30 days.  We got our 10X15 storage unit for $79 for 30 days,and the storage facility employee told us that national moving companies rent units there to store loads that aren't ready for delivery. So what that tells me: there's a MASSIVE mark up (in other words, 'a bend over and take it' charge) for storage.   Unless Atlantic has a Gold Plated warehouse ,who would pay that??? Here's the interesting twist in this story. We hired local movers to deliver our things from storage to our home. The company owner has been in the business for 30 plus years and told me, and I quote: "This is a SMALL load, and there's NO WAY that it weighs More than 3200-3500 pounds". While he did not weigh it, I believe he knows what he is talking about. Heck, I know without a doubt our move DID NOT weigh 4600 pounds,and I have paperwork from previous moves; with documented weights of LESS than 3500 pounds. AND we moved LESS items than each previous move. GO FIGURE.  Take a moment and think about what I wrote about our experience.Think about the IDENTICAL prices,13 months apart.So IF you have money to WASTE, you will not be disappointed with Atlantic/Atlas!!I went down to AZ to take a tour of ASU and then head up to Sedona had to stay the night here. Had no idea it was spring training and alot of places were booked.

person at the front desk may of have helped.  Really Loved those extra charges. Would

I hope nobody stays here by choice, or otherwise. I will be alerting the health dept or other agencies relating to this problem.Whoever manages the place just doesn't seem to care. Lots of things broken or missing.The obviously 25 year old air conditioner was slow but at least it worked. If you have a choice stay somewhere else!Unlucky to stay here with an airline voucher.  The air conditioning turns "On", but does not cool. I turned it on around 9 or 10pm, even 3 hours later, it was not cool in the room.  Checking the air output, the air was not cold enough.  I could not fall asleep for a long time because of the heat.  There is no way I would ever stay in a place like this. The shuttle took a long time to arrive at the airport and pick me and other passengers up.

-The room is very nice. $170 after tax per week night, I guess it should be.

Website says they accept both of my  insurances yet when I called Reina decided she needed to tell me they don't accept my secondary insurance nor will they even see me because I have it, even though they take my primary insurance.  Ridiculous!  Rude! She even called all thereEast valley locations to let them know not to schedule me if I called them. Never have I felt so frustrated with an office.Extremely Disappointed! What other reviews said is true, this company provided lovely plans/ideas for our yard & our yard looked beautiful for about a week! Then, in our case, many of the plants DIED! Total disaster!The company finally did some replacements (after we were very persistent about our complaints & disappointments)--but the replacements sucked, too!Totally overpriced & terribly disappointed! We spent a fortune & were expecting a desert garden of our dreams, but it has truly SUCKED!Was excited to sit down to a really good Chicken and Waffle breakfast ... And was appalled! First my coffee was COLD, bad start. Then 1/4 through my pancakes, I discovered a HAIR! If I wasn't already loosing my appetite, the Manager can over and said, " probably would not have noticed the hair if it had been blond"! Being a blond myself, I did not know whether to be insulted or really INSULTED!

The TV reception was dreadful and when you tried to turn down the volume it would become extremely loud and you needed to turn it off to stop the noise.

On the other hand, the food is good. Each dish a few more dollars than the other Korean place we normally go to that's closed on Sundays. And the cicadas joined together in a symphony of lust and mortality as we dined under the stars.This place was crazy. We thought at first that the staff must be a bunch of college students that just started working a week ago, but after reading the other reviews, I'm not sure this is true! I think one major issue is that there is team service and thus no one individual waiter was responsible for our table. There was one waiter (blond, short) who seemed to be in charge. He spent most of our visit appearing baffled. I watched him at the register station trying to write up bills and use the register. Comical. It took 15 minutes for them to visit our table after we were seated. After that the food came out at a nice pace - first some appetizer type things, then the steamed dumpling appetizer we ordered, and our entrees. The food was fine. I am not a Korean food connoisseur, so I can't really comment on how authentic or good it is - to our American palates, it was just ok. Also seemingly expensive, but the portions were large. Once we were done eating, we started waiting. We waited, and waited and waited. The servers ignored us, and noodled around - they never actually look at the diners so it was super difficult to get anyone's attention. Finally we called a skinny waiter over, and asked for two simple things: 1) the check (which seemed to please him) and 2) take out boxes (which caused him to furrow his brow and look slightly angry). OK. So this guy then continues doing random crap as if we had never asked for anything. 5-10 minutes go by while he walks back and forth to the kitchen, empty handed, and refilling water glasses (I must say, they were excellent with water service). It was as if we had never spoken to him. Finally we call the short blond waiter over and ask for 1) the check and 2) boxes. He says, oh, of course. He asks the skinny guy to get us boxes. Skinny guy rolls his eyes and says "yeah, yeah, yeah". Skinny guy proceeds to do other things for another 10 minutes before finally procuring two take out containers from the depths of Squirrel Hill. Now for the check. We waited and waited some more. Blond, short waiter looks confused but decides he needs something to do. He walks around asking how everyone's food is. He takes orders from other tables. Finally, we ask, can we *please* for the love of everything that is holy have our check? He replied incredulously, "Oh! You haven't gotten your check yet?!?!?!?" So if he didn't get our check, who would have gotten it? He is the check guy! OMG I didn't even know what to think. Needless to say, we paid in cash to save the pain of waiting our credit card to be run. And then we ran out of the restaurant. Please go to the Green Pepper only if 1) You truly love Korean food or 2) You are writing an expose on baffled waiters. Hahaha, I'm glad I went just for the memory.If you like overpriced, mediocre food that takes an inordinately long time to get to your table and is delivered by ill-informed wait staff with lousy attitudes, this place is one of the best.The giant TV screen playing Korean music videos was an irritating atmosphere choice.Perhaps it's good Korean food, I don't know.  If people who rave about this place so much like Korean food that much, I think they should save up their money and learn to cook it themselves before patronizing this place.  $44 + tip for 2 people...  I could've gotten better food at a takeout place from people with less attitude.Unless money and things like customer service aren't important to you at all, don't go.I contacted this company based on their reviews. The person whom I spoke to said they would come to my house the following morning and nobody ever called or came to my home. Very unprofessional to "no-call, no-show."I called and scheduled an appointment for them to give me an estimate and when he didn't show, I called and he said he was waiting for the cable guy! He left me hanging, poor service, not professional. I told him I guess my business wasn't important, too bad, I have a huge yard in Green Valley. I am using Angie's List to find a reputable company.wasn't gonna bash this guy but getting bills from.hired him a month ago to do bi weekly maintenance.we went around property explainning what I wanted done bi weekly and agreed on price and hired him.he came without any tools for trimming so all he did was blew leaves off rocks  and raked rocks in place.since the middle of month paid him half.in mean time notice 3 of my plants in front dead leaves and leafs wilting.sprinklers had no water coming out.I was real specific on what I wanted done and told him everytime out to check sprinklers so they're getting water to plants.2 weeks later he's on vacation told me got guy replacing him. no show,no call waited till 4pm got on phone and fired him.10 minutes later see guy out front starting his blower opened door and told him i fired you 10 minutes ago! guy had his blower running for like 15 to 20 seconds and stopped him. now getting bills from him that we owe him!! baloney!! wrote him and told him we paid him for the work he did for the one time he was out here.I was generous even paying him for the little that he did.he can send me all the bills he wants but he's only getting paid for the work he did for the one time he was here and he all ready got that!!!!!! could you beleve a landscaper coming out for  work and not bringing any tools?didn't want to talk bad about ken's lawn service since we only used him once but guys got lotta nerve sending me bills for work he did not do!!Called yesterday and said he could do today.  Did not show up and when I called him he said he couldn't do today bc he had a dr's appointment later.  He said he could probably do tomorrow.  I said no thanks.  Go with someone else!DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. I purchased a $200 groupon for services....wish I would have seen all these reviews 1st.  The guy finally showed up on March 26th to check my yard since one of my sprinklers would not shut off.  He said it would be $25 to change the valve but since it was in the middle it would be better to do all three. I agreed. He rescheduled to come out 2 days later.  He came out...didn't have stuff with him, sent his guy to get it while he waited here.  Finally told me he replaced the valves and I owed him $225 when I went to give him the $200 groupon he said it wasn't good and I had to pay him for the time he hung around.  I was stuck and told him I wouldn't have the money in my bank until the 1st so he took a check.  Later on Sunday night I noticed water leaking down the sidewalk, I texted him and said there was something wrong, he said he's stop by in 2 days.  He did come out but I had turned off the front valve that was left on.  He came because my check still had to clear my bank.  Within a few more days I noticed my plants were dying and the system wasn't working at all.  I contacted him and he promised to come fix it.  Bottom line this guy promised 3 times to come make things right but just gave empty promises. He was suppose to do regular maintenance too but didn't show up for that either.Heed the reviews written about this merchant!  DO NOT BUY the Groupon!  Not worth the time nor the hassle.  Making an appointment with this person is like pulling teeth.  He does not possess the basic tenets of professionalism when it comes to good customer service.  I suppose he either just do not care or just don't know how.  Either way, it's not good practice to run a business.  Website is well made though, but as soon as you start dealing with the unprofessionalism, no nice website can make up for the bad customer service.  HEED THE REVIEWS!!!HORRIBLE SERVICE! On February 28, I called Kens Landscape and asked for a quote how much it would cost to remove 2 large bushes, a small palm and 2 bushes next to the driveway. He said $150 and he could come right away. When he arrived he said it would actually be $250. I needed the bushes removed so I agreed. He trimmed down all the branches of the bushes, left debris all over the front yard, and said he would return the next day to dig up the stumps, fully remove the remainder of the bushes, and take all the debris. The next day he came and removed the debris from the previous day but did not remove the bushes. I called him and he said he ran out of time that day and he would come the next day. He did not. I emailed him 4 times asking when he would have time to finish the job he started, as I have already paid him in full. A week later he responded he was out of town and would come Monday March 23  to finish the job. He did not come and I figured Id give him a few days. 11 days later, March 28, I emailed him again asking when he would come finish the job. I did not receive any response. I called him and he said he would be there the next day, which he did not come. I called whim again and he said he would be there the following day. He did not come again. I called him for the last time on April 18 asking what the hold up is. He said to text him my address and to remind him to come finish the job. I text him my address that day with a reminder. I did not hear from him for 3 days. I text him a  reminder again April 21. He said he has the guy who can finish the job so he will come by that day. He did not come. I text him a reminder on April 22, he didn't come, a reminder on April 26, no response, a reminder on April 27, he said he will be at my house the next day around 3:00pm. He never came. At this point it has been over 2 months since I paid him. DO NOT use this service!I will say we went here for Brunch on Valentines Day. This place is AWEFUL! The food is so salty like it was soaked in the Dead Sea before they served it to us! The crispy chicken sand which was so over done to the point there was no longer any chicken in it anymore. The server brought it out any way and piled all the fixens on top in hopes I wouldn't notice. I sent it back and ordered the grilled chicken sand which instead. There was a salty sliver of chicken smothered in cheese and once again all the fixens were piled on top. The French fries weren't fries as we know them they were smothered in salt basil and lime. Yuck! It took over a half hour for my new meal to get to the table and it wasn't even busy! The owner had sat exactly two other tables since we had arrived. When the server came over to tell me my order was on it's way a half hour later I just asked for a box. She seemed shocked. I made them take my order off the total of the bill. The other people with me seemed to like their food but they all had breakfast items. All in all I will not suggest this place to anyone nor will I ever go back! Oh and I would have felt guilty feeding this to my dogs (as it would probably kill them being so salty) so I put it in the trash where belongs. YUCK!We live about 4 blocks from this restaurant. Over the last 3 months this place has fallen a part! We waited about 25 min to be seated, the fat boy seating people appeared to be more interested in making sure his friends sat down before the customers.We are huge small business supporters but in this case we spoke to the ladies at the register, expressed our frustration and walked out.  The attitude at this place really sucks! We weren't even acknowledged , no apology, no can we fix it for you.  The only thing they had was a dumb look on their face.To the business owner: your poor trained, unprofessional  staff is driving out your local client! You will need to hire a professional to manage the staff.  While at the restaurant about 6 tables where dirty with dishes and about 3 parties waiting for a table! Finally people started leaving. We did the same and went to the M casino hash house a go go. This restaurant is now our replacement.The service sucks here. The girl has no personality and she looks like she came to work in her pjs. The food was awful and it sucked. Definitely would not come back or recommend to anyone.Wow I can't believe all these good reviews for this place! I was so excited when this place opened cause I love breakfast spots and this is literally a block away from my house. Went about six months ago and had the worst experience. There was only two other tables occupied and couldn't believe how slow the service was. ordered basic breakfast of eggs over bacon home fries and toast plus fresh orange juice. The eggs were overdone and the potatoes were so strange. Consistency and texture of glue! Yuck!!! The only thing good was the fresh squeezed juice. Was so damn dissapointed. Chalked it up to another crappy place in Southern Highlands. Wonder if something has changed in the last 6 months... Maybe I will try it one more time. Did I catch it on a VERY off day?? HmmI heard great things about this place and went a few weeks ago and was disappointed to say the least. I thought I ordered the wrong thing and tried it again today and it was worse then before. The service and environment is nice, however the food is subpar at best. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.PS 3 hours after eating there I feel sick!I should have written this review a long time ago. We HAD been customers of this establishment from the day they opened their doors.  In the beginning, it was great! Great service, Great food, etc... slowly it all started to diminish.  Our last visit was HORRIBLE, we waited forever for the not so busy waitress to take our order, then waited even longer for our food. Never received a refill of coffee the entire time we were there.  I asked the manager when we were leaving if it had changed hands, and he said no.  I wrote a comment card requesting the owner call me. never received a call. When I received their monthly email, I replied to it asking that someone contact me about the HORRIBLE service we received and still never received a call.. Instead they removed me from the email list, because that was the last time I received an email from themThere are MUCH better options in Southern Highlands, this place is WAY WAY overpriced for what you receive... Take your money some place else!I really wanted to like this place but after 3 times I'm done. There is no sense of urgency at all as far as being seated or getting your food. They would rather have you wait 15 min while they wipe down every dirty table instead of have a busser to clean up the mess. Because of the nonchalant service and the fact that they just don't seem to care my family won't ever be backNot the best breakfast like it advertises! Waitresses are very unprofessional!Worst service ever.. Because we literally had no service at all. Saw the reviews but seriously if no one greets you after 8min. Left. Service was awfulNasty cook.

It was a birthday so I choose to bite my tongue and call a manager later.  When I do he is very understanding and apologizes.  He says he is going to mail me a gift card and a week later, no gift card so I call back to check the address only to get another manager that takes my address again and promises to get back to or mail the gift card.  A week later, no gift card.Do not go to this location. I've been going to the scottsdale and Shea location for years and the food and service there are just better in every way. Maybe a managerial thing? Let's start with probably the worst hostess I've ever dealt with at any restaurant. Went at almost 9pm still a little busy. She told us the wait was 15 mins but I saw at least 3 tables that just haven't been cleaned so I say we will wait. Then she points to 2 open bar stools and says you can sit there if ya want. No thanks. We wait 15 for the tables to get cleaned, and we go to the little middle section with probably 4 out of 6 booths open and she sits us at the tiny table with 2 little chairs? Um no we'll take a booth. She rolls her eyes throws the menus on the booth table and walks away. Just rude in my opinion. Your job is customer service. Wash dishes if you hate dealing with people. Been in the restaurant business for 20 years and would never hire someone like this. Service was good. Pizza had a giant burnt bubble but it wasn't bad. Meatballs were also good. Shrimp scampi had no taste though. Pizooki was good but that's hard to mess up. Take the 15 min drive to the better location on Shea.Horrible place. Went here the other night on a Tuesday around 7 pm and they said it would be a 20 minute wait and it was over an hour. When we finally got our take it took forever to get the food. My mom s salad had some sort of hair out string in it and my dad's dinner was wrong.   Not sure of this I'd the norm for this place but we are never going backWe came in for lunch on a Saturday and sat at the outside bar. We were greeted by the bartender shortly after sitting down, and he took our drink order. He brought us back some menus and our drinks very quickly, and said he would give us a couple minutes to decide what to eat. He then disappeared on us, although other people at the inside bar were still being served. We pretty much finished our drinks with no one to take a food order or to check on us. We took this as a bad sign for the service we would be receiving, and just had our 2 drinks before leaving for food elsewhere.We were there for our rehearsal dinner prior to our wedding. I usually love Oregano's because it reminds me of home. I have never had a problem until that night. Our pizza came out soggy and half cooked. Then when I returned it (after trying to lift up a piece that was soggy after sitting in a puddle of juices and water) the manager immediately came over, which at first was nice. It was nice until he accused me that it was my fault the pizza was soggy and sitting in a puddle of juices and water because I ordered a veggie stuffed pizza. The man acted like he and the restaurant had no fault in it at all. I was just shocked. What horrible customer service! When he realized what he had done there was no apology for his behavior until over 30 minutes had gone by and my soon to be husband had spoken with him several times. By then I was in tears because my night (not to mention my dinner) had been ruined.

Service was attentiveThe Bad:

We all started to feel uneasy and uncomfortable so decided that we would leave after the groom came back.

*Restaurant seating...elbow to elbow.

Have been to many LV buffets and this ranks as the lowest of all.Horrible! It was very very small, had different meats, all over done, for example well done prime rib...A decent pasta selection with no flavor, lobster bisque that tasted like tomato soup, it was overall horrible. Probably the worst buffet I've been to in or out of Las Vegas...do not waste your time. Also I was there for dinner, maybe there lunch of breakfast is better, I have no idea but I would not recommend taking the chance.One star removed from the last review. Still slow and disorganized. Food is still over cooked and under seasoned. Honestly I don't know why we went back when we were so disappointed the first time we tried this buffet.Will never be returning to Lago...and I mean it this time.oh lordy, where do I begin. After a night of drinking at Rain Club in Palms, all i wanted was some good hot soup. We decided to try Cafe Lago, maybe something light and soupy.  As I make my way to the food court, I went to the soup section and there was only one, and it was so gross. The soup were dark color with corn, beans, and whatever the heck they can throw in there. I skipped the soup, I then started at the end of the line to see what I can scoop onto my plate... I got a piece of roast duck, ravioli, penne pasta, a roll,and steam vegetables and realized I was at the end. Then I did a double take and walk thru it one more time and concentrate what my sensitive stomach want. I added one more item which was a slice of turkey. Got back to the table and told my husband what a waste of time, should of just stay in and order room service. Guess what... my kind husband brought me something he would never eat; a bowl of soup and say, "that's all they have". gross no thank you, I was so disappointed and couldn't wait to give it 0.If you love buffets avoid this one at all cost. For dinner the only edible food was prime rib. Dessert was terrible even the ice cream. Do not waste your time here: selection small and not quality food.  Service was great.Caesar Palace should opt to not offer a buffet. To be honest, skip Lago Buffet if you can. But if you want to eat buffet style, don't want to wait in line and want minimal food options, I recommend Lago Buffet. The breakfast section is cornered off with just eggs, canadian bacon, hash brown potatoes and sausage.The lunch selection failed. Even the pizza crust was hard. The only food I really enjoyed was the salad that I prepared myself..And don't be fooled. The desserts look promising, but its absolutely not. The cookies were hard. The pastries were dry. And what?!- no ice cream. But on a positive note, the zucchini bread is really good.I have only eaten at two Vegas Buffets, this one and the Wynn buffet and let me say you cannot compare the two at all!  The Wynn buffet was great and well worth the price tag. Lago was not worth even a quarter of the cost.  I have had better food in a hospital cafeteria!The Lago Buffet was a huge rip off. The service was horrible and the food was worse then the service!!!! We had a table of six and no one had a good thing to say about the food, service or experience. Save yourself the let down and dine elsewhere.This one is another NO.  A BIG NO.Came here for lunch during our period of Buffet of Buffets.  There were a couple of good items: braised short ribs & roasted chicken.  I had the crab legs (not Alaskan King Crabs), which tasted a bit old & just defrosted and the shrimp cocktails, which were completely tasteless.  Yes, I know you have to dip them in that cocktail sauce, but the cocktail sauce was way too strong for my tastes.The dessert section was limited as well.  No ice cream?  Come on, man.  This is Vegas!Here also the service really stunk.  Our waiter was gone for long periods of time but when he came around, he only serviced the tables next to us (HUH?).  Then when he refilled our waters, he refilled it with 7-up.  Blech.WORST DINNER EVER!I could write a thousand words on this but i will keep it short.*Gave them two hours advance notice we had a party of 20, still waited 25 min. to be seated and the place was empty! I guess they just waited until we got there to push tables together. Worst part was that by the time we were seated we only had 30 min before they closed.

WROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONGGGGGGG

Pantry shelves were not cleaned at all. As you can see from the photo, I took a Clorox wipe to each shelf and it was completely black with my hand print.Bathrooms were still dirty. There were long & short curly black hairs left on the shelf area of the bathtub, on the wall of the bathroom and in the sink (I have naturally straight very blonde hair)

No smile , very grumpy . Looks like they hated their job and couldn't wait for us to leave.Had reservations for 4 at 8pm. They called earlier in the day to confirm, missed the call but called them back to confirm and had to leave a message on their voice mail which I did. Arrived at 8pm and they had a cocktail table (coffee table height) available for us in the lounge, apparently something was going on in the dinning room. I don't why they accepted a reservation, via Open Table, if their were no tables available. Their was an open table but apparently for another party due an hour later. They also offered to seat us at the bar which was not what we wanted. C  Considering that we had a dinner reservation for a table for 4 this was unacceptable . They called another restaurant on the property were we got in. Extremely bothered about the way they handled things and advise others to stay clear of this property if this is the way they handle reservations.We had to seat ourselves. The hostess was nowhere to be seen. When we finally got served, the food took forever to arrive. Not worth itHonestly crap for the price. I've had some amazing Asian food for half the price. This was overpriced and not worth it. The salad was decent, but nigiri - I literally spat out the rice. I really regret canceling my reservation in Chinatown for convenience thinking I can get smth decent here. Don't even bother. Raku is the way to go.It took us 40 plus minutes from Planet Hollywood to the Sahara at rush hour. I really think the driver had been pithed at a state institution and then loosed on the public as some sort of morbid joke or cynical statement about limited mental healthcare funding in Nevada. Either that or endstage snakebite. May be better at other times but I wouldn't give you odds, even in Vegas.I wonder how much worse things are in Hell. After all, riding The Duece doesn't seem much better. If you know your slanguage, "Duece" couldn't be a more appropriate name. Riding this bus can be a pretty shitty experience.1. It's riddiculously uncomfortable. True the seats have a soft plush cover, but look at the way they're organized and proportioned, they don't give you a lot of leg room, or arm room for that matter. Whoever designed the bus interior should be thrown in front of a bus.2. They get riddiculously crowded. Considering there's so many of them running at once, they really need to put a limit on how many people can be allowed on the bus at once, it's truly riddiculous how cramped that bus can get, the seating organization doesn't help either.

down there, we jail critterswho serve up grub this bad,

So, delivery. The driver was very sweet, and put my pizzas down so I had a free hand to get sign, she did say "Enjoy your Pizza Hut pizza!". The food, holy Christ. I ordered thin crust. I am pretty sure it was parchment paper, not because it was thin, but the taste and texture were absolutely parchment paper. Also, it was stone cold. The toppings, and the crust. I bit into it at one point just to have my girlfriend ask if my teeth were alright. It seriously was that crunchy. Totally tasteless. No hint of flour, even.

I hate to sound insensitive but really when I go to the store last thing I want is to see homeless people on the corner as I pull in then get chased down in the parking lot being asked for money.As for the store,...like every other Walmart. I'd say the customer service is worst than any I've been too though. Have to ask 3 people to call for help in a dept, not even for their help,...just call for help and I got attitude. And when you need help in self check out they are more concerned with their phones or flirting with other employees.DO NOT SHOP HERE  !!  Worst customer service ever. Why go to the expense to put all the registers in if you are only going to have five open.  Waited in line for 20 mins the lines were 10 to 15 people deep.  When I asked manager why said she would check into it and then walked off and did nothing .  Will never visit a Walmart againI live an 1/8 of a mile from the "Super" Center at 95th and Camelback- and it's anything but! Without exception, every time I go in, there are never enough registers open. All the lines can be 5 or 6 deep. And then... if anything goes amiss - price check as an example, then you are stuck in that line an extra 10 minutes- easily! And the frustration comes from that AND the members of management that walk by with their walkies on their hip and pretend not to see it. Once at the customer service desk there was only 1 associate for 7 people in line. Then she needed a price check because the customer disagreed with the amount.  The line was held up the entire time for someone to come and go all the way to the bike department. I would think there was a way to have her move aside while that was being done.  I actually called the store while I was in line to speak to a manager. I got disconnected four times after being on hold at least 5 minutes each time. (Not exaggerating- my phone displays the length of a call.) After over 20 minutes of this, on my fifth call, I did reach a manager. I explained the situation and he said he would send another associate. Literally another 10-12 minutes goes by. By now there are 11 people in line. Finally another associate arrived. But I don't think the other register was ready because it took her a long time to finally open. At no time did anyone acknowledge the wait/inconvenience. The only reason I stayed is because it was the holiday season and the item was a gift for someone. Unfortunately, these experiences are more the norm than the exception. If that was the case, I would deal with it. But I will be finding another Walmart.WTF!!!!!

I apologize, but we do not plan on changing our policy at this time.

I ask for the manager. He says he will personally make sure they are remade and wont take a half hour

When I went to put the gas into my car it spilled out all over the place dousing me with gasoline all over my shoes and bottom of my jeans.  I was horrified, and outraged they would release my car without checking their repair of the fuel pump.

2. Shady & unprofessional.Bottom Line:Cosmo = Bad businessThis review is from my mother's experience :When I was checking in on 3/26/13 I did not have the same credit card that I used to prepay on 1/7/13 and the Cosmo made me pay again.  To say I was annoyed would be an understatement, especially since I had stayed in the Encore by Wynn ,the night before and the manager said it was OK to use another card because I had paid for the room in January!  Why was I not informed of this policy when I made my reservation by phone?  What if the card had been lost, stolen or in my case, it had a new number.  I contacted Marriott because this is one of their boutique hotels and I received an answer that was not an answer.  I am a Marriott member and I had already booked about 17 nights before this incident.  Now I am  wavering.  I contacted Chase and they had never heard of such a policy and wondered why the Cosmo didn't call them.In the future when I am in Las Vegas I plan to stay at the Encore, which is a fabulous hotel in beauty as well as customer service.Toni S.4/13/13 Oh yeah, the Cosmo refunded my first payment to my credit card.  Thank God it was not the credit card that I had closed.  What would have happened to my money?  Anyway, since I had no balance on that card I had to call Chase and have them to send me the refund so that I could pay the other credit card. The check arrived in the mail yesterday, everything is finally completed.  What an experience.I called the Cosmo 2 times to tell them the 6 of us would arrive after midnight - we were coming from Boston.  We arrive and I am told my 2 rooms have been given away so they put us in 2 Board Rooms with 2 full size Murphy Beds.  After 3 hours we finally get 2 rollaway beds brought to the room (it is now 3 am).  We paid for the first night rooms so why did they give them away.  I find this totally unacceptable.  They moved us the next day but we had to stay in our room with our luggage until 4 pm when the rooms were ready so we missed out on a day in Vegas.I was there for a conference and many people had room problems so my advice stay at another hotel!They also advertise the room with a kichenette, yup there is a stove and microwave but no utelsils, plate, pots & pans.  Why bother.After seven months of e-mails and proof of a rip-off, management decided to do nothing. While in Vegas last September, three of us decided to park at the hotel's bar from 10:00 to 1:00 AM. The next day, my business partner had indicated that he had cover the bar bill for $200.00, he left at 12:00 midnight. In looking in my wallet, I too had basically the same bar bill, but showed my bill being paid at 1:00 AM. We all had different drinks, rum and coke, double rum and coke, and margarita. To show the management, that I agree the first bill. However, my bill had the same drinks plus, the few drinks we added from midnight to 1:00. Bill should have been $250.00 total. Not $400!

(3) etc, etc, etc. That's some pretty bad food, for such a pricey place.  1 salad, 1 entree, 2 drinks = $140.00I was very disappointed with this restaurant and for the first time let down by reviews for this restaurant. The ambiance was very nice, but our waiter, an older gentlemen I was expecting to be a pro, first let my husband and I down by only telling us of their summer lobster special was that it would save us $50. We love lobster, but decided against it thinking it would be a whole lobster we would have to break apart ourselves (let's just say the last place I ordered a whole lobster turned into an extremely messy and unpleasant affair). However, as we waited for a very long time for our beverages to arrive, we watched waiters bringing food to nearby tables and saw the lobster special. It was already split and the waiter even broke apart the rest of the lobster for you and took away the shells upon service of your food. We were a little mad our waiter did not tell us this, it would have been a selling point for us. Anyway, as a starter I ordered a Garden Salad with the Garlic Vinaigrette on the side, which was really pure oil, not even good tasting extra virgin olive oil.... It made me upset to my stomach. As an entree, I had the broiled crab cakes, which were okay. My husband had a steak, he also thought was okay, but after having a steak at the Mesa Grill the previous night he thought his steak at Palm did not compare. Overall, this was not a good experience especially, for the cost of the meal.The management and the kitchen should be ashamed.  My husband and I are locals, and professionals in the restaurant industry in Las Vegas.  We stopped by to have nice lunch on a weekday.  I ordered my steak to be prepared "rare."  It came out medium-rare, bordering on medium.  The server asked how everything was, politely apologized, and replaced the steak.The next steak the kitchen sent out was RAW.  Cold from the cooler, slapped on the grill for seconds to vaguely impart grill marks, raw red meat with cold white fat.  There is a difference between rare and raw.  The server apologized and repeatedly offered to bring me another entree, but after the clear message I received from the kitchen, I did not trust the cooks or the chef that allowed that to be served to a guest.  I ate nothing.  The server was attentive and concerned checking back with us a few times;  however, the manager, Diego Montemayor, did not approach our table until the after my husband had finished his meal, and our table had been cleared.  He did not ask about the situation, and only said "Hey sorry about the hiccup with the steak- we'll take it off your bill."  When we paid our bill and left the restaurant- the manager did not acknowledge us, and avoided eye contact.   Maybe Palm restaurant has lowered their standards.  We were looking forward to a nice meal that we have come to expect from the Palm, as I've eaten at the Chicago location several times.  It is extremely disappointing that the chef would allow the cooks to send out such a clear "f u" to guests and the management would not properly address the situation.  They are obviously not concerned with upholding their reputation or keeping a local clientele.Horrible experience! We walk in and the old man greeter ignores us for a good 10 minutes then tells us there won't be a table for 2 hours.... But there was plenty seating around!HORRIBLE SERVICEWhere I come from, when you spill a drink on a patron, you don't laugh about it.  While walking by, flirting with a waiter, the hostess knocked into my significant other's drink and it spilled on her.  You'd expect a sincere apology, but instead the hostess giggled like a child and walked away!  It was absurd.  A very kind bus boy immediately came to our aid, switched us to a dry table, etc, but the hostess never came back over to apologize.  It was incredibly unprofessional.  No manager ever came over. If you want a classy place to have a delicious meal (whether it's steaks or seafood), there are no less than 10 places within half of mile of The Palm that have better food and better service.  Top pick, Mastro's.Went here for restaurant week.  Felt like they pulled the old "bait and switch".  On the restaurant week website, there was a $30 and $50 meals.  Didn't specify lunch or dinner.  I actually thought the $30 menu was better, since I'm not a big fan of filet, tender yes, flavor no.When we get to the restaurant, we asked about the restaurant week menu and was given a small menu with the $50 meal.  When asking about the other option, they said that was only available for lunch.  Odd, the website didn't specify that.The waiter then asked if something was wrong, because everybody was asking about another menu.  After pointing out the details on the website, the waiter didn't know anything about it.After all of this, the food wasn't all that special.  Service was mediocre at best, and the restaurant wasn't all that full.  Guess all the other people who got tricked decided to leave.We had the three course offer and the whole dinner started great with a basket of variated breads. All three of us had the lobster soup and were really impressed by it. Not a lot of lobster, but all of us really liked it and the spoon was wonderful to eat with. From there it only went downhill.I don't know where to start. Maybe with the least bad, the wine.

2) QUESTIONABLE calculation of bill- CHECK YOUR TOTAL people (especially if you come for happy hour). They attempted to charge us for full price for some of the items. When pointed out incorrect calculation of total, the same lady gave us the BS excuse that since we opted for no avocado in our roll (due to food allergy), they charged us $1.50 more for IMITATION crab meat. They conveniently added this "extra cost" without informing us. Dishonesty at its finest, ladies and gentleman.

*********Our previous review was deleted by Yelp for "violating their guidelines" so I'll post another review that only relates to our personal experience with their boarding facility.We used Green Acre Boarding in Oct of 2013 for a 3 night stay. This place was presented as a great place for dogs... Free roam and lots of kids to play with your pups.  This seemed like a great scenario for our 1yr old golden but our 11 year old sheltie just needed a safe place to stay. When I dropped our dogs off, I told MaLeisa that our sheltie didn't enjoy playing with other dogs (she would run away from her own loving, gentle, golden retriever brother at home) and that she just needed a quiet place to rest & observe during her stay. I was assured by MaLeisa they could accommodate that and that she would be fine.Upon picking up our dogs we were told by MaLeisa that our sheltie "was playing in the yard with another dog and having a great time and next thing she knew, Todd was carrying her in because she had blood on her." Our dog had blood oozing from her ear, cuts across her face, was dry heaving and could barely walk. (And, "they had already washed her.") Our Sheltie collapsed in exhaustion once we got her into our vehicle. Unfortunately, our sweet girl had to be put down the following week as she never fully recovered from her injuries. Green Acres makes you sign a contract saying your dog will be dehydrated and exhausted upon returning home but that these are all normal results of a boarding experience. Add to that your dog will reek (which was explained away as being from the flood irrigation they use.) We had already pre-booked another stay at Green Acre for later in the month but obviously cancelled that stay after the injuries to our sheltie. I'm sickened and sad that I ever entrusted my dogs to the care of Green Acre.Green Acres killed my 3 dogs and 19 others last week. I hope they have shut down. Yelp please don't delete this truthful post as you have all the others. You could be saving a dogs life by keeping this up !We contacted Maleisa Hughes last year regarding watching our three dogs (golden retriever, afghan hound and a chihuahua.  The prices were reasonable considering what other sites cost, as they were only charging $20 per dog and they were willing to give a discount for the third dog, so the price was set at $50 per day.  We scheduled a visit to their home and brought our 2 big dogs to introduce them to the owners.  We saw that there was an acre which looked fun for the dogs. They invited us into their home and said the dogs would be treated like members of the family if boarded with them and that all play time outside would be supervised.  Maleisa said they had been boarding dogs for years and were experienced and advised we book early for any dates we wanted as they limited the number of dogs boarded to six dogs.  We felt that was reasonable on a property of that size.  Our dogs were all very well socialized with people and other dogs as we routinely went to dog parks so we felt this would be a great place to bring them. We booked a weekend last fall just to test the place out and see how it went.  We checked in often, via text and and we were told the dogs were doing great and having lots of fun.  The day we picked them up they were out in the yard with the owners running around with a few other dogs and seemed content.    My Afghan hound went to the corner of the yard when he saw me and hid behind some ducks in an open pen, I assumed he didn't want to go home as he had enjoyed his stay.   We went ahead and booked the Christmas week to bring the dogs again.Christmas rolled around and one of my adult children announced she would be home and offered to watch the dogs for me.  As we had already booked with Green Acres, I didn't feel right about canceling at the last minute, as I had noticed that the owners had numerous young children and felt it would not be fair to deprive the family of the income we had promised.  I did opt to leave the chihuahua home, as I felt he might not be safe running around with bigger dogs.  We boarded the big dogs for about 9 days.  When I came to pick up the dogs that time, they were let out of a room in the back of the house and the afghan hound ran to me with his tail between his legs and couldn't wait to get out of there.  I noticed that both dogs were filthy and smelled HORRIBLE.  I can't even describe the stench, but it took several baths to finally get rid of the odor.  I found it odd because the acreage is all grass, so I couldn't figure out where that stench would have come from.  Outside of the smell, the dogs seemed fine until a few weeks later we attempted to go back to the dog park where we had gone many times over the years, and when we entered the park the afghan hound FREAKED out and started aggressively barking at the other dogs that ran up to greet him as if to say, "stay away from me".  I had to grab him and remove him to avoid a dog fight.  We attempted to return to the park a few times thereafter and he behaved the same way each time.  He even freaked out on a walk when he saw another dog across the way.  We spoke to a trainer regarding the behavior and he told us once a dog is in that mind set it is VERY DIFFICULT to break it.  We were very sad and couldn't figure out what could have triggered such a wild swing in temperament.  We finally realized that his behavior HAD to have been impacted by the stay at the boarding facility.  Looking back now, if he was stuffed in a room with 30 other dogs, it would have driven any dog mad, or to fear aggression.We couldn't prove that anything horrible had happened to our dog at that point, it was just a feeling that something bad had happened there and we decided we probably should not use them again.We decided to hire my niece and nephew last week to watch our dogs while we were out of town, because of that gut feeling something was wrong over there and came back to the news that 17-21 dogs had died in the Hughes' care, or lack thereof.  All I can think about is, IF I had cancelled our plans during Christmas and left the dogs with my daughter, I WOULD HAVE BOOKED last week with the Green Acres and my dogs would have been among those poor souls who lost their lives.  We were the lucky ones...I may not be able to take my temperamental hound to a park anymore, but at least he is alive.  My heart is breaking for all the families who lost their sweet puppies.If I could give Green Acre Dog Boarding no stars...I would.  Stay away from this dog boarding facility.  It appears that Yelp has been removing ALL of the negative reviews that this place has had, and I this facility is STILL taking in animals despite what happened two weeks ago (and Yelp saying they are closed).  Four of my five dogs died while under the care of this boarding facility.  I was "promised" that no more than ten dogs would be cared for at a time.  When we dropped our dogs off, there was only two "larger" dogs and about four small dogs at their house.  My dogs ran around the yard, and seemed to be OK.  We were going out of town for two funerals, and our five dogs (English Bulldog puppy, Manchester Terrier, Pit Bull, Great Dane, and rescue dog) were to stay at their facility for about ten days.  I received a call very late at night that four of our dogs had ran away and died from heat exhaustion (one of which being a six month old puppy and one being a 12 year old blind/deaf dog).  I later found out that my four "furry children" were only four of the twenty-some dogs that died under their care, and i was lied to...they did not run away; they were neglected.  I had NO CLUE the owners were going to be out of town, or I would have had ANYONE I could think of go pick them up.  On top of this tragedy, not once have we received any type of apology for our loss from the owners.  They met my family upon drop off, and knew we had two small children we would have to explain this to...no remorse...no apology.  Please don't take any animal here.  They shouldn't be allowed to care for animals.why have charges not been filed? the owners of green acres boarding facility are responsible for the deaths of 23 dogs and nothing is being done. why? the families of the deceased pets deserve justice....charges need to be filed and laws need to be put in place to hold people accountable. does the sherriffs office, the hughes family and senator flake think that this whole problem and the people who care will just eventually go away if they ignore us long enough? guess what, we arent going anywhere !!! do the right thing...justice for the gilbert 23!!!Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery should be recalled for dismissing animal cruelty charges in deaths of these animals and failing to properly represent the owners of those poor dogs that suffered such a tragic death.Why don't the owners of these dogs step up and do something about this obviously blatant abuse of power and political bias demonstrated by this so-called representative of the people.I'm outraged regarding the outcome of this case.Consider filing a petition for recall on Moveon.orgSo I went to the grand opening because as advertised they were giving away free donuts for a year/month/weekly etc. anyways I got a lot of free coupons and they expired in the month of January and they would not let me use them...they gave me like 4 dozen donuts BUT they were all individual coupons ... That u could only use one per customer per visit...I mean how the heck am I supposed to use all of them if I'm only allowed one donut. They would not let me use 12 of them at one time to get a dz donuts to make it worthwhile going. These ppl were really rude about it andakea me never want to eat here again... I mean no wonder this company had went bankrupt a while back the customer service sucks!

The bus driver was rude and didn't want to load the luggage and we were all seniors.

Please also pass this along so that Monroe Road Animal Hospital Boarding does not risk the life of another dog. Lucy deserved better - all animals do.If you like the taste of smoke...just smoke, no meat...Sonny's is your place.  If they have to offer all-you-can eat, the BBQ just ain't good enough.I'm with Tony C. on this one. It's cool cause it's cheap and you leave full, but if you go to any other BBQ place it's like that. To me, the BBQ was greasy and nasty. Believe me, I was paying for it later. Just don't see how anyone could rate this up there with any "mom and pop" BBQ place. It's blasphemy!1 star is too generous for Morris Costumes. Unfortunately, it's the lowest rating possible to provide a review. Morris Costumes proudly sells and distributes a DISGUSTING skinned and chained dead dog prop. I can't even type out the description of it because it brings me to tears and makes me lose even more faith in humanity. This prop promotes and glorifies animal abuse, and Morris Costumes seems keen to continue to sell it and attempt to profit from it.Perhaps you may think Morris Costumes is not aware of the vile product being sold by their company. Well, not only are they aware of it, but the President and company representative Scott Smith has responded to numerous individual and media inquiries to state that this product is not offensive and that Morris Costumes will continue to sell this product.To you, Mr. Scott Smith, President of Morris Costumes - shame on you for standing behind this and publicly stating that "...I applaud your efforts but your efforts are being misguided and misdirected at the real root of problems today". Well Mr. Smith, YOU are contributing to the exact root of the problem. The problem is continuing to promote a vile product that promotes violence and animal abuse for the sake of a sale. I'm repulsed that you call yourself an animal lover and quote - "dog lover myself" - in your public form-letter statement response to media inquiries. So my efforts and anger is directly targeted and pointed at you personally, as well as your disgrace of a company.I will happily take my money to another costume manufacturer and place of business, and have personally embarked on a mission to make sure all of my friends and family do the same.If there could be lower than one star I would provide that. Customer service is sub par. The costumes are sub par. Dealing with them is like dealing with less the bright 5 year olds.  The concept of the customer is right is not accepted by Morris Costumes.  IF you can avoid this individual and or people do so at all costs.  Horrible Horrible horribleAfter almost a month of Morris Costumes being unwilling to confirm return of an item, we had to enlist help from eBay upon which Morris now claims the box the item came in was damaged and the item was missing accessories (which was why it went back in the first place) and is contesting any refund. ($436.18 to be exact) These folks may be the only place to get higher end props but if you have to return an item be prepared to be stonewalled.Customer service is left to be desired to top a less than average bakery. We have now been there a few times, always wanting to give them another chance, but after they decline to honor a coupon that allegedly expired 11 hrs prior (rather than 13 hrs later, who puts a time on their coupons BTW) and offered no apology of any kind, we definitely just won't be back, not worth it.Meh. No macaroons. Cold standoffish worker seemed mad about something. Rolled his eyes multiple times and got angrier the more questions we asked him, even after we apologized explaining it was our first time here. It didn't really make sense, but the food, coffee, or hot chocolate wasn't worth going back to possibly receive an attitude with. Just stopped in on our way to Sadu, won't be returning. We ordered a lemon bar, a chocolate chip muffin, a small hot coco, and a medium decaf mocha coffee. Which came up to about $10.18 not really worth it.  I really wanted to like this place because it's on my way to school too. Darn.Ok....I ordered a small americano...it was the worst coffee I have ever had in my life...ok, so I'm used to the coffee in Portland,Oregon...but come on...this tasted like bland hot dirt! I was tempted to go back in and request another coffee...thinking...the machine must of been malfunctioning....but alas...I accepted my fate...this place has shitty coffee...I should of bought Larry's beans and brewed my own cup at home. :(I used to love Nova's. Had the best iced vanilla chai latte every single time. But today alone has made me never want to go again. The woman behind the counter was training a rookie. She got my drink order(two of the same) wrong. When I asked if it was a chai latte she went on this everlasting rant about snobby people and their ridiculous drink orders and just wouldn't stop complaining about her job. She added espresso to make it a latte and then exclaimed it was her last day. I get in my car drive down the road, take a sip and it tasted nothing like my order. The customer service here is laughable, the product knowledge and execution is borderline horrific. Never shopping with them again. Dilworth Coffee is not only competitive priced but the quality 10x better.Every Nova's experience is a bland one. The service is slow, the products mediocre.It's more like you are interrupting them when you come in to order something. My coffee or tea is always served too hot to drink. I usually have to wait an hour before I can drink it, which kills the point of a quick before work stop. I ordered a cake, and the girl took 5 minutes to close the plastic container it was sitting in for hours anyway. Illusion of freshness not accomplished. My friend ordered hot apple cider and she watched them open a jug of plain apple juice and put it in the microwave. I hope a better coffee shop takes it's place, because it's the perfect spot for one.I was visiting Charlotte couple days ago and decided to stop by the bakery since I heard good things about them. I had a discount card offering free entree with a purchase of another one. Since they didn't have any sandwiches, I asked if I could use it on a pastry on a bread. The girl at the counter was very condescending and said she can't take it because they don't serve entrees, even though it clearly states on the website that the card is accepted at central location. The whole time she kept looking at us like we were criminals waiting to steal a croissant. If you can't follow the rules, don't participate in promotional programs.Just completely unorganized. Out of coffee more often than not when I am there. You can wait 15 minutes for a muffin while the staff tries to figure out what's going on.  Good bakery. Horrible service.The pastries are stale and so extremely bland.  Not good at all.  Too bad there are no amazing German or true French bakeries in Charlotte.  Amelie's is ok but too mass processed looking and tasting.  I would definitely never purchase from bland Nova again.Smug, clickish and attitude. If you can get around that...you'll probably get a fine haircut.This was the worst experience ever. I visit this diner because of the reviews but was really let down. Waited over 40 min to be seated and once we was seated it took additional 40 mins to get our food because they only have one griddle to serve the customer. the waitress and staff was extremely king but i was a little turn off that no one was wearing hair nets or gloves touching the food without protection. Once the food arrives is was on a baby plate with no season and "southern" taste. I almost reminded me of prison food on TV. I will no go there again . CASH ONLY diner :-(Truly a unique experience.  After a 40+ minute wait for food, I was able to peer over the counter and see our order was still not on the grill, with many tickets pending.  When I complained and left, the hostess's charming retorts included, "Go to McDonalds then, that's your problem, we've been here for 38 years and it's always been like this.".In fairness, I heard the cook saying, "Tell them I'm sorry.". Somehow that message didn't make it to the cash register. "Wrong and strong" is no way to face the public.I've got mixed feelings about this place. In terms of their state-of-the-art equipment and quality of care, they are a top of the line veterinarian. I took my cat there when he was quite sick, and they treated him like he was a person. They ran all kinds of tests and kept him over night and made a very big deal out of my very sick little guy. I appreciated their quality of care.However, I expressed to them that I have a limited budget, and they laid on the guilt...I walked out of the vet the next day with a $800 bill, and a cat who was slightly better, but still mysteriously sick. All their tests told me things that weren't wrong with my cat, but none of them helped me figure out what WAS wrong. I ended up taking him up the road to the Monroe Road Animal Hospital, and they helped my kitty quite a bit more. They treated his symptoms and respected my budget. If you've got tons of money, the Animal Medical is probably the most state of the art facility in our region. I wish I'd been able to afford $800 a day to help my kitty out...but the fact of the matter is, I can't...and I didn't appreciate the staff at Animal Medical suggesting that I was an unloving kitty mama because I can't. I haven't been back, and I don't plan to go back. I drive quite a bit further for the emergency veterinarian in Pineville, but it's worth it.Warring they do not have the tools or expertise to complete surgeries. After they opened my dog up for an abdominal obstruction they removed the obstruction but "did not have the right tools to remove the dead intestine tissue" They then reattached the intestine to the dead tissue and advised my Bulldog probably would not make it through the night.We asked who had the expertise to to do this surgery they directed us to Carolina Vet Specialist (CVS). They charged us the full amount for the surgery they could not complete and we transported our dog to CVS where they preformed the surgery successfully and saved my dogs life.If you are just looking for shots for your pet this place maybe fine but in my opinion it is not a real Animal Hospital.The experience I had at AMH, was one of the worst vet experiences I have every had. My cat was very ill a while back. She was not eating or drinking, and very lethargic. I took her to AMH, because they were open 24 hours and it was late at night. The vets diagnosed her with a urinary obstruction and some bladder issues that required surgery.  I was on a budget at the time and really could not afford to pay for all the treatments. The vets were very unsympathetic, and pretty much told me I should pay for the treatments or put my cat to sleep. As a pet owner I know it is my duty to do everything I can for my pet. So I borrowed $2,000 from my family to pay for all the treatments.

The notary did not have the right closing documents when she came in4. HOURS I SPENT TRYING TO GET THIS DONE

Read all the reviews I wish I'd read before my travels to get a complete and accurate idea of what awaits you here then find yourself somewhere else to stay.  Yuk!We stayed at the Windemere hotel in Mesa Az last night.  It was horrible!  There was mold in the shower. The bathroom walls were filthy. In the morning we found a straw wrapper in our bedding.It was very noisy. The TV was ancient. The screen was snowy. The continental breakfast was a joke. DO NOT STAY THERE!If I could give zero, certainly would. While sitting on toilet two mice ran under the door. Hotel was full and couldn't move us, but since we were there for funeral decided to grin and bear it one night. I remained clothed and didn't sleep when brought to attention of desk, both times I was told nothing they could do as I needed to speak to management, who was never available. It is not a chain but individually owned, thus the lack of concern about complaints. I sent email to management and a week later still nothing. Next report is to health department. Under no circumstances should you stay here!!!!!DO NOT BOOK A ROOM HERE!I highly suggest no one ever stay here! If I could give ZERO or NEGATIVE stars I would. Its painful for me to even give this place ONE star. The first poor impression I received was the smell. As soon as I walked in the room I was hit with the brick of stink! It reeked of feces! And it was freezing. The heater did not work and the room was very cold (month of december). The next horrifying realization was the filth. The room was SO dirty! Dirty bathtub with hair, dirty bed, dirty carpets, dirty bathroom, dirty walls! This room looked like it had NEVER been cleaned! I reluctantly stayed the first night, but packed my stuff the next morning and left, to never return. I then called the hotel to cancel the room. They had already charged my card, which I did not give them permission to do (my work booked and paid for the room for me) and the amount they charged was more than it should have been. I called the hotel to get a full refund and I was told that had to be handled by the owner. Within 5 days I had called 8 times, and yet he was never there nor did I get a call in return. ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS! This is not how you run a business nor treat your customers. I cant say enough about how poorly this hotel was and I again suggest that no one ever book a room here. Before writing this review I read the others. You will notice the common thread in justified complaints is the lack of cleanliness! Just terrible! Hey Windemere, CLEAN YOUR HOTEL ROOMS!Dont Do it!!    Where do I start?  This hotel has hosted our event for many years and THIS year? Holy CRAP.  WAY overpriced.  I get the same room every year.  Heard there was a Hooker in our room the night before we got there.(this is what our neighboring room told us)  First the bathroom looks like someone may have been murdered there. place was filthy.  Cigarette butts all over the patio,  used Syringe on the patio, we called to get sheets for the foldout bed twice and NEVER received them, person had to sleep with a blanket on the mattress.  We usually tip the maid service, however this year we never SAW a maid.  Carpet was Gross.  Scummy people wander around,  mattress SUCKS.  Back hurt everyday.  So outdated.  Charged over 400$ for three nights.. Stupid.

get the playground out of there, kids run all over the place, screaming, and they

I noticed recently that the monthly fee went up to $15. Wow a 50% increase. I wouldn't go to the same gas station or coffee house if they had a 50% increase. I went in for a last work out and found out I will have to pay $25 to cancel. I can not stop laughing at what a racket that is to charge people that have been on time and completing their portion of the agreement.I have been trying to think of how many services I use and when I have chosen to cancel there was a fee to cancel.....hmmmm......that would be......ZERO!!

1) the store has a fairly decent selection of items. Yay. That's it.Horrible location. Horrible service. They think just because of what breed dog I have it can't be a service animal. Any breed can be a service animal you idiots. I left without buying anything and went across the target instead because they Are nice. The Manager inside this dollar tree was at least really nice but the cashier inside unfortunately was so rude it kind of ruined it. Sorry management I do appreciate the apologyDO NOT GO TO THIS STORE!

- Flavor - We ordered two easy Korean dishes to test out the quality of the place. The soup was too salty, but the Kalbi was ok. I've never seen a place screw up Kalbi though.

Dont support this shop its NOT the kind of shop you want to go to. PERIOD!So the out come of this has been...

Every time I go there they act like I am putting them out and they have no idea what an inventory sheet is.

4.)  When a customer wants to talk to a supervisor, they have every right to!  NEVER SAY THERE IS NO MANAGER OR SUPERVISOR.  ALMOST EVERY BUSINESS HAS ONE! -------------END OF REVIEW FOR THIS INCIDENT---------------------------Another incident from 3 months ago------------------Another incident, I was at this same location about 3 months ago.  There were about 6-7 workers (possibly including a supervisor), I was the 3rd party in line.  There were 3 parties being helped at the desk, and it was taking for ever.  After 35-45 minutes goes by, the line is now 8-9 parties long, and the original 3 parties already being help, were still being helped!  Talk about slow service!There were about 3-4 workers that were just standing by talking to each other.  They completely ignored the long line.  I felt sorry for the people behind us in line.  There were open stations or computers and they could have easily helped the line go faster only if they actually WORKED, instead of standing around talking to each other, going to the back room, etc.VERY SLOW SERVICE HERE!  I let this one slide and I didn't post up a review, but after today's incident, I just had to.  I'm never renting a car at this location every again.  All Fox Rent A Car locations have LESS than 3 stars!  NOTE TO CORPORATE:  Implement some training for customer service, work ethics, behavior, etc.  PLEASE!  At least TRY!  Because it definitely doesn't look like Fox Rent A Car cares about consumer reviews, customer service, etc.The worst car rental company EVER.  Lines are miles long, cars are dinged and dirty, the shuttles are few and far between and standing room only.  The drivers hate this company, the employees hate working there and the customers are victimized by the poor service.  I will never rent from FOX las vegas ever again.Seriously, do yourself a favor and pay the extra $10 a day to rent from anywhere else, this place is TERRIBLE. I actually rented from here a couple of years ago and promised myself I'd never do it again, but of course in the mean time I completely forgot, so alas, here I am again. Just as was the case last time, the line is forever long. They have 2 people working with at least 20 inline waiting for their car. Seriously? Not to mention it's 11:30 at night, there's really no excuse, they know how many reservations they have. Expedia doesn't post that you have to take not one but TWO shuttles to get to this location. Annoying. Good God get me out of this rental car hell!You've been warned. Consider yourself lucky.  We booked a car on a recent trip to Las Vegas on Expeida.  The dreaded second bus? That was the most pleasant part of the trip.  The driver was very friendly, and got us there quickly.  Once there the fun stopped.  There were about 5 people in line, so we figured this wouldn't take long, as there were three agents working.Everybody took at least 25 minutes to complete the rental process.  I have purchased cars in less time it was taking these people to rent one. Every transaction required the agent to go into the back room at least once, perhaps to copy something, I don't know, but there has to be a faster way.Several of the customers who left came back with an issue about 5 minutes after they left. When we finally did make it to the front of the line, we told them we were leaving and asked them if we would be charged anything.  The agent said no, it will go away.  No apology or anything, I guess it happens a lot. We booked a car with Avis on the dreaded second bus where the real rental car places are, and were out of there in no time.Worst customer service! Warning!!!Don't rent a car here! Seriously! Wasted my day in the line to get serve! Will mess up your plan for the day!HORRIBLE! HORRIBLE ! HORRIBLE!! This place is a RIP OFF ! First they run a CREDIT CHECK . Then if u do not qualify the hold a $200 dollar deposit. I was double charged on my credit card !  When I tried to call about the double charge I was on HOLD FOR 36 MIN! When i FINALLY got in touch with someone she was EXTREMELY EXTREMELY RUDE. !!!! When I asked her if there was someone I could speak with she rudely said yes AND HUNG UP ON ME ON PURPOSE !!!!! This place is HORRIBLE  !  Spend the extra $10 dollars and save your self the headache !!!!!!!!!!!! Just plain HORRIBLE! I don't see this pace lasting!!! And I have yet to see the charge back ! They r a RIP OFFFFFFF !!! I wish I could of gave them NO STARS!!!!This had to be the MOST INEFFICIENT BUSINESS I have ever been to!!!! Do they not know how many reservations they have coming in and out at 10 pm at night? We waited for about 10 minutes for the shuttle bus, another 30 in line and it took FOREVER for her to up-sale, I mean do our paper work. Now we are waiting in a line of 6 cars trying to get off the dang lot. It's been like another 25 minutes and we aren't even out if the lot yet. Not worth the cheaper price!!!!! This place is run by idiots, and not as many idiots as there should be!!!This place is a dirty dump. It's not worth the little bit of money you save, because they treat you like dirt and like they owe you nothing since you are trying to get a bargain. Wait is about an hour. All cars are damaged, dirty, stained, and bad falling apart tires. Please pay the $30 extra for a nice place that will treat you fairWorst company ever.  Three people in front of me in line and it still took 45 minutes to get my car. Then the car ran poorly, was dirty and the check engine light was on. Then checking the car in was just as bad. I will never ever rent from this company again!!!!!!!Be forewarned: you must take a shuttle from the airport to the rental car center and then a second shuttle to the Fox lot.  Hugely inconvenient.  Our car was dirty inside and out, with stains on the seats and a thick coat of dust in the car.  Customer service rep inside was the only bright spot; he was friendly and efficient.   The outside customer service rep tried to give us a car a level lower than we paid for.  If the prices were lower than the other rental car places at the main car rental center, I could possibly justify, but they aren't.I feel like this place is slightly scammy.  I booked them through Southwedt after a flight.  The had my reservation but quoted me something almost twice as much. $50 something instead of $31. The lady told me I needed to book an extra day with the times I had or risk being charged a $10 late fee and extras. So I did thinking that maybe I put down the wrong times when I booked.  I was able to check it out before I turned the car in and I did not put the wrong times in. Despite the email showing this when I checked out to pay she refused to give me the quoted price because I had already signed on the higher agreed amount. Terrible Customer Service and shady business ethics.I wish it was possible to give 0 or negative stars.  This place has a tag line about 'courteous and hassle free'.  Not so much.  In fact, exactly the opposite.  We waited in line for an hour and a half.  Only 2 agents working and about 20 people in line.  One of them just kept taking breaks and walking away--major attitude.  No apologies to the customers waiting.  The manager didn't even pitch in.  Instead he stod around shuffling papers and chatting it up with workers from outside cleaning the cars.Once we got to the counter, they claimed they had 7 people quit the day before but that is not true because I can see that these complaints about low staffing and wait times have existed for months.  They tried to pacify us with a 'better' car--really they convinced my husband on an upgrade that they claimed was free but we ended up paying for.  Returning the car was another 45 minutes of waiting in line to get a printed receipt.  From an original quote of $109 we ended up paying $231-- shady.  We have rented from plenty of places and never end up paying more than the original quote.  Uncourteous and full of hassles.  Will never do business with them again.  My advice:  Pick another agency!First time renting a car in Vegas....  Last time renting in Vegas.  Worst customer service in the world. Slowest customer service in the world. Do I continue?Expedia was wrong, this location is not on site with the airport. I didn't mind, but it would have been nice to know that and not be surprised and confused after landing at LAS and wondering where the rental car co was.            Price was quoted correctly, they do charge a $150 deposit, we're still waiting for it to be refunded. It's not just authorized, it's actually charged. The counter help was nice, George. We had no problems until we left, I left my expensive sunglasses in a large case in the car; it was dark and there was no dome light in the car. We were rushed to catch the shuttle- I noticed my glasses were missing by the time were arrived at LAS. Luckily, we had time to catch more shuttles to return to Fox rental, where also luckily our car was still in the lot. Guess what? No glasses. We talked to the manager, who supposedly went and asked the car detailers, and they didn't have them. At this point we had to get on the shuttles AGAIN to catch our flight. The 1-800 number on the receipt is wrong- it doesn't connect anywhere. I googled and found another one, and had to call twice to get connected to a call center. After 3 passings around by operators, I got the HR office and left a message.2 days later (today) I received a call in the morning from HR who told me they didn't have them (duh). I'm certain a detailer took them. HR told me she'd call me back same day and didn't. I realize my mistake was misplacing them, but it's pretty obvious someone took them, and that disappoints me. Won't be using them next time we go to Vegas.ETA: 10 days later and they never called me back. Lame.Horrible customer service. I wish I got the name of the guy I had the unfortunate pleasure of dealing with at check-in. No wonder they are the cheapest. They are located off the main rental car area, so you have to take 2 shuttles to get there. Factor in at least an extra hour and a half to deal with getting there from the terminal. I will pay the few dollars extra and go with a different company. Not worth dealing with the BS at this location. BTW- I have rented from FOX at many locations in the country and this one is by far the worst. Looks like I share the majority opinion of this place.Horrid.  Not told about an 'additional driver fee' when a 2nd was added at the desk upon arrival and car wasn't vacuumed or cleaned..  Be prepared to be charged $10 extra per day if returned early also. Gave them a 1st time shot but not worth the hassle, rent elsewhere.Get to McCarran, and  I realize, I don't want to walk all over the strip for 5 days, especially if we want to take a jaunt outside of vegas proper. Whip out my iPhone, and check hotwire - 234-275$ for a Standard Class, 222-259 for a Compact or Economy. I had another app, carrentals.com - and figured, eh, check it just to see if there is a difference. Specify the same parameters "AIRPORT pickup/drop off was the main one i cared about) - and it returns to me 103-123 for this place called "Fox Rent A Car." Score! Savvy consumer that I am, I reserve it in the app, and then go to find the shuttle for Fox. As many other reviews note - Fox is NOT an airport pickup/dropoff - you take the shuttle to the car rental area, then they have a different shuttle that takes you to fox. No biggie, i was saving $500 on the rental for the week, so i can deal with an extra 15 minute shuttle bus. However, the fun begins when you get to the actual rental place. I get there, get off the shuttle, go in, and there is only 1 person in line in front of me... 3 clerks helping 3 other sets of people, so I am thinking this will all be over fairly quick - that kinda line at hertz  you are talking 5-10 minutes. Of course, as several other reviews note, their service counter seems to exist in a time warped area, where each step of the transaction of the people in front of you seems to take endless amounts of time, and of course, it took the guy in front of me 20 minutes before he got helped.... and then 10 minutes after that i got to go to the next person. Ok, at this point, 30 minutes to wait to talk to someone. So now I am with the shady counter people. Went through all my options with me, and presented me with what philosophers call a "False Dilemma" - he asks "Which insurance do you want, Basic, Full, or Deluxe?" Having just flown for 6.5 hours, my body feeling like it should be noon, and local time being 9am, i was in a tired, tired state... so of course, i just said "naw , nothing, just basic i guess from those options." He types up a couple things, mentioned that they are going to charge me a deposit that gets refunded, so I didn't think much of it when the bill was 450 bucks... i mean my brain said "THIS IS TO MUCH" but then internally i said "YOU ARE TIRED DUMMY, it's the deposit that's making it that much." So, I started to walk away from the counter... then i realized I had line items for "LDW 69.99   RoadSide Assistance 2.59" MAN! I wanted NO insurance, since my credit card is the one i use for travel, and has additional primary insurance options on it (and it isn't void if i get a moving violation as well as an accident - which Fox's Insurance most definitely is voided, if say, you skid into a guard rail, and get ticketed for improper speed or lane change - boom! no insurance) So now I am mad... head back over, and told that i have to go to the customer service line to get it removed/refunded, can't do it at the counter. Walk over to customer service "stand" - no manned by anyone. Tap on the counter, then just yell over "is there anyone working customer service?" The clerk that told me to go over to customer service tells me "Well I am, but i am helping customers in line for rentals, I'll be over when I am done." So, wait another 20 minutes... and then he comes over. I say, "I didn't want insurance, the other guy there just gave me 3 options - none of which were no coverage" Customer Service guy tells me "People think their credit cards give them insurance, but it's very limited, and doesn't really protect you - " I cut him off, saying, I have primary insurance on my card, it's a travel card, that specifically mentions this as a feature, and I really never wanted it, and wasn't even given the option to decline it. He then proceeds to argue with me further about the merits of their insurance versus my policy (that he does not know the details of) I finally just cut him off again and state that I do not want any other extras or add ons on my bill and just take it off! He says he will, but first "The Law requires me to state that your coverage provided by your credit card will only cover the recovery of the car, no liability, and has a deductible"  THEN he says "If your wife got injured in an accident, would you want to just have the car covered after you paid a deductible? You really want at least basic"  So, rather than continue to argue with him about how he does not have the correct picture of my insurance coverage, i just say "yes, i want no coverage." So after 1.5 hours, i am now heading to the lot to select my car. The first three i grabbed all smelled of smoke/had cigarette burns/random stains.. so i get the corolla... and of course the air conditioning didn't work on that one. Good thing weather cooperated this week. Also, they don't give you a key fob for locking/unlocking. Terrible experience, and shady up selling makes this a  never again experience.As I stand and wait an hour now past my arrival time after taking two shuttles to get here, I am regretting my choice to save a few bucks.  There are only two people behind the counter and each person is taking 10+ minutes filling out papers and waiting for the attendant to type info.  Seeing 10 or more people ahead of me after already waiting 30 minutes, it doesn't take much math to know I'll be here for awhile.  Compared to Alamo and Enterprise who I just used recently where I was in my car 20 minutes or so after landing, this place is a joke.  Avoid at all costs!!!You know what they say, you get what you pay for.  So true for this place.if i could give this place a  (-10) i would!! 1 star is way too much for them!!!  worst rental car place ever!!!! they tell you it is at the airport but you have to take a shuttle to the rental car center and then get on another shuttle and go about 10 miles to the rental car place!! and when you are hauling around a ton of luggage it is the biggest pain ever!!  it took over 2 hours picking up the car and returning it!!! they have 2 people helping 100 people in line at the counter and 1  guy when you return it as well!!!  biggest scam ever!!! they also give you crappy dirty rental cars and the people that work there and rude and don't know anything!! we rented a "full size"  suv and ended up with a ford edge!! they charge you for everything they possibly can too!!!  the shuttle back to the airport also only come about every 1/2 hour!! do not ever rent from this place!!!! pay the extra $10 and rent from a decent rental car place!!!When we got there to pick up the car, it was the longest and slowest line I've ever seen at a car rental.  The good was they gave us a choice of vehicles so I chose the Hundai Sonata which was pretty good.

Rude, impolite, unwelcoming and not knowledgeable about entertainment provided there. Definately not a place we will return to-that includes the resort.   We did not stay for the originally much anticipated flamenco entertainment which ended up being inside and not outside like were told-we felt too unwelcomed.SPA Service:

I had my entire day's required calories in butter alone on the toast.

2.) The waiters and waitresses were polite, except for one of the employee's bazaar behavior.Honestly after eating at Hikari, so far there isn't a local AYCE sushi better than them (Again, excluding fine dining sushi restaurants). In addition, lol I do not represent anyone except for myself.The worst place ever!!!

Sincerely,

Me: Thats not octopus.Food runner: oh sorry, red snapper.Me: That's not red snapper.Food runner: Ohh.... *walks away... It was actually surf clam. Learn your sea creatures if your going to work at a sushi place! The sushi was not fresh. All of them were small and slightly fishy. The uni was literally orange brown and tasted so weird I couldn't eat it. I think then only thing I enjoyed was the miso soup. Service needs to be a lot better too. I know now the only reason why we waited a hour was because they took forever to clean the tables around us!Wow! The service and wait time is extremely slow tonight. So slow that I'm on my phone more than ever at a sit-down dinner. It's so slow that I have the time to check-in here on yelp and write this long review. As I'm writing this it has been 10 since my last order came out.  In between orders we've had our coke refilled like 3 times. I'm waiting for the last order to come out. I'm not even full... At this point I just want to leave.Where do I begin? It was a Tuesday night and the restaurant looked busy. My group of 12 had one of their private rooms. The biggest stink about this experience is the service. They took my drink order 3 times and all I asked was for some water. I asked them to bring out a birthday cake after we were finished eating. One server came in and told me that he would clear out the dirty dishes before coming out with the cake which he didn't do. I had to get up and ask for extra dishes and forks from the hostess desk. They brought out the cake without lighting the candles that were provided and the cake still in the box. The food quality was not very good. The steak teriyaki meat crumbled in my mouth which basically meant that the meat wasn't fresh but frozen. I won't be coming back since there is so many better japanese spots in town.Fuck this place!  I can't believe I'm actually paying to eat here. If it wasn't for my kind hearted girlfriend this place would not be getting my money. We won't be back. Played shit music too.Horrible service and charged us extra on all you can eat sushi cause we didn't eat two of the rolls that we thought was just awful. Highly don't recommendI've had sushi from Japan and this is by far no where near the real deal. Blue fin is some what closer to what you could expect in a sushi restaurant in Japan.This is not made up...I am a patient man. My girlfriend and I work in the service industry. My girl even works at a sushi place. This is literally the worst service I have ever encountered. Sat down for Ayce lunch at 1:30.. Our first order of Nigiri hadn't came out, it was now 1:55. We didn't order anything special, just slice the fish and send it out. We ask the server about our order. She abruptly leaves, and I can see the sushi chef and the server arguing with each other.She then advised us that she forgot to put the order in. I thought, ok.. Cool. The world isn't a perfect place, and we all make mistakes... But when we make a mistake, a good server should hurry to correct it and make it right. Waited 20 min... low and behold, she forgot to put the order in a second time. It has now been 45 min since I ordered the Nigiri.. No exaggeration. By this time I've lost my appetite. The restaurant isn't even busy, the place was half full.I felt disgusted paying the $47 plus $10 tip.. I tipped 20 percent just because I'm in the tipping industry, and don't have the heart to stiff this chick. She also told me they don't do half rolls. I could have sworn they did before.I will never come back to this establishment.

In my case I'm paying double so I end up paying what would of been a decent place.The only way I would go back to the Riviera is to watch it get imploded to make way for another hotel. Here's why:

You can' t even make your own chips. That is weak.

Again my apologies to the chef. The food is probably ok at Sergio's. The service is AWFUL!!!!!Saturday night spur of the moment. heard some decent reviews on this restaurant. We had stopped at casa di amore which is down the street but that's another story in itself. As we arrived there was waiting staff smoking a cigarette outside. As we walked in there was a piano player playing live music. The décor is pretty tacky with the blue sky and clouds trying to make it feel like your in venice. We weren't greeted by a hostess and really weren't greeted at all. The waiter simply grabbed two menus and waived us over. We sat down, we could hear a loud party in the back. It took about 8 mins until our waiter showed up. When he did; he did not go over the specials all he said was are you ready and looked at us. So we ordered chicken marsala and cheese raviolis. Tryna play it safe as the service has been horrible up to this point. You get offered a soup and salad. Bread was served, the pesto butter was very nice along with the hot bread. Nothing really bad to say about the food. Ive had a lot better and worse. The veggies along with the marsala were soaked in butter. Other than that marsala was spot on. As we finished up another waiter asked if we were done because we had been sitting there for so long. He brought 2 boxes over to put our food in and looked at us with his hand out as we boxed our own food. Now if we could only get that check. That literally took about 25 minutes as we sat there; now keep in mind I can see our waiter at the front talking to another waiter. Oh wait, cherry on top, as my lady had to get up and ask for the check; it ended up being hand written. Good thing I pay cash cause I could immediately get up and leave. As for the couple across from me they were very patient waiting up to 35 minutes with credit card in hand. Not sure how they ring up a credit card when they have no hostess no register no pos system. Maybe they take their phones from their pocket and swipe it. Nonetheless Ill never go back here and it had nothing to do with the food. The service was absolutely horrid. They should be ashamed to open up. If there were no stars that's what id rate them. The food is about 2.5 stars. Id rather go to olive garden at least they will greet me right.My name is Ro, and I am writing this review on my husband's account because he has a Yelp account and we went to Sergios together last night. I have been a customer of Sergios for almost nine years. In that time I have always received excellent service and excellent quality in the food. Last night, however, things were very different. Yesterday was my step daughter's 15th birthday. My husband, his ex-wife and myself always take her out to eat a special dinner on her birthday. This year she wanted to try something different and go to Sergios. We had a reservation for 5pm and when we were seated, the staff started to struggle almost immediately. We were greeted by Francisco who took our drink orders and read us the specials. As soon as Francisco left, another staff member came to ask us for our drinks, we told him we had already been asked for our beverage orders by someone else. That staff member left, and a third staff member, Herb came and asked for our drink orders again. Then we tried to browse the menu. Our two teenage daughters have never been to an Italian place that had so many non-English words on the menu before, so I was taking my time explaining everything they were asking about. The staff seemed to dislike this, as Herb, Francisco and the third staff member all came by multiple times to inform us over and over again of the specials and to try and up-sell our choices. When we did eventually order, A woman arrived with a small child who immediately began to throw a tantrum. The child was screaming and running around the dining room, at one time even climbing in and under the curtains on the window, while the mother did nothing but play on her phone and the staff did nothing about this. The child continued to run and scream for the duration of our meal while the staff continued to pretend it wasn't happening. At one point, my husband's ex-wife asked if she could have a straw for her water, Herb jokingly reach into our daughters Shirley Temple, removed her straw and offered it to her mother "Here's a straw you can have right here". This was both rude and unsanitary. It took a very long time for our food to come out and when it did, it did not come out all together. The waiter, Herb, came out from the kitchen and asked us our orders all over again, and then said it would be a few more minutes. Shortly thereafter, he brought out three of our meals and said the rest would be out momentarily. We did the polite thing which is to not eat and to wait until everyone at the table has been served. It was over 20 minutes before the other two people at our table were served. In that time the food on the table had gotten cold. Ordinarily, this is the precise moment when I would ask to speak to a manager, but these were special circumstances. Our daughter was having her birthday dinner and we didn't want any confrontation to become a permanent memory on her special day. So we continued with our meal. When it came time to get the check, we were brought a check for just under $100. My husband's ex-wife had a discount coupon that was good for $15 off of our meal. We gave Herb the coupon and $100 bill to cover the check. Herb takes our check and the money and disappears, reappearing moments later with a new check for over $140 dollars, saying to my husband "I bet you didn't even notice that wasn't the right check before, this is the right check and I will take the discount off of this". We were outraged by this, of course, but again, it was our daughter's birthday and she was more important than our desire to make a scene. It seems wrong to me, to give us one check, and then when we present a coupon, bring us another check for almost 50% more than the first check, Even if it was a genuine mistake on their part, it could have been communicated without condescending to my husband in front of his daughter on her birthday.I am very disappointed in the service we received. Half way through our time there it really felt like the staff just sort of gave up. I literally live right across the street from the restaurant, I can see their sign from my balcony, and yet I just cannot see us ever going back there after what happened last night.absolute hell hole! an utter nightmare! I left after 30 mins...I could not take the disgusting vile smell in the room

if it was easy i guess everyone and their brother would have a cafe.From:http://www.myspace.com/gbellgrrl take care---End---Well ... there you go ... building a community one person at a time!  I say the Lux "Community" is just fine ... and the coffee ... service much better ... I was originally being kind ... honestly this is the most pretentious place I've ever walked into ... and there is NOTHING cool about it ... zero substance ... only pretension ... fashion and style ... but so sorry you can't buy cool ... and this place proves it on a daily basis.Wow.  After reading Dave's review below, I feel like I am not alone.I wanted to give drip a decent chance.  After all, it's a locally-owned coffeeshop in my neighborhood.  First of all, I walked in and didn't quite know what to do.  After seeing I  looked lost, the barista said I could have a seat anywhere.Next, after about 5 minutes, the barista comes over and asks what I'd like.  I wanted to know if they were serving breakfast and lunch, since it was 11.00.  She said "let's just get your drink order first".  15 minutes later, I ordered a sandwich.  55 minutes after I walked in, I was eating my sandwich.What?  I stopped over because I had about an hour to kill.  You think that'd be enough time to get a sandwich and chill out.  Not that day.  The barista informed me they were short-handed.  The sandwich I ordered, had I made it at home, would have taken about 10 minutes. To top it off, she asked if I liked it.  When I replied "yeah", she said "You're lucky.  We just ran out of red peppers."Lucky me.Yikes.  Sorry drip.  I won't be back.Looked like a cute place and it's right down the street and locally owned, so I was excited to try it out.I think the staff (it looks like they might all be related) have been huffing toxic fumes in the kitchen.  The braincells were severely lacking throughout the place.  I went there for breakfast, but I don't eat eggs and I don't drink coffee...this has never been a problem at any restaurant in the world...except for Drip.  They couldn't comprehend that I don't eat eggs...so basically I was ordering a breakfast sandwhich they had on the menu minus the egg (bread & ham).  This caused a 4-minute confused slo-mo conversation at the table and then the chef ( mom?) came out 5 minutes later and we had to do the the entire conversation again.  All of which was entirely unnecessary, but heaven forbid they make a lunch item for breakfast...even though the components are exactly the same and lunch started in 20 minutes.The tea tasted average, but came in this time-consuming, over-the-top delivery system that was completely unnecessary.  It took forever for the simple-minded server to put it all together.  The server also liked hanging out at our table looking at us during our entire meal and taking things we weren't done with yet...like my half of my drink.This was one of the most annoying dining experiences I've ever had.  Pretentious, snotty, AND simple-minded...weird!  At least when I got my food (which was still totally wrong, but it didn't have egg in it and I didn't want to talk to anyone there anymore so I ate it) it tasted good for what it was (wrong).  Everything seemed to be organic.  If you have two brain cells and like good food, this may be the place for you...just don't confuse them...their heads might explode.11 PM on a Friday night, Me and My GF decided to give this place a try, she enjoys the smell of cigars and the atmosphere (Bar, Counter, Furniture...etc.) is nice. Service is the worst we have ever experienced, and trying to get a drink made us feel as if they did not want us there. They did decide to tell us that one of their regular customers wanted us to join them at their table (Is this some kind of swinger bar? GF thought it might be for GAY people LOL) We decided to decline, and after 20 minutes of waiting for a drink or service never got it and just got up and left. Very snooty, poor service and awkward feeling environment, needless to say me, my GF or friends will never visit this place again. Good Luck MAGNUMS!I have been going to Magnums since it opened which was long before the bar was built.  I have always thought it was a little pricey but paid the bill because it is a nice place to be able to smoke a cigar and I have always received good service on the cigar side.  Unfortunately on a recent visit, their overpriced drink offerings became just too much to handle. Stopped in with a friend (another long time patron) and we ordered a couple of pours of Angels Envy Rye.  The bill for two drinks - $77.98 including tax.  Wow, $36 EACH for what is a very strict pour of Angels Envy Rye which you can easily get for less than $100 per bottle.  By my account, that is about a 10 times markup.  I can only hope it was priced wrong and will be fixed for future customers.  For me, there are many places I can go that don't gouge me.  Probably can't smoke a cigar there but that luxury is not worth these prices.Place sucks! First time ever in my life that they deny giving you drinks because we had two beers! I drove from very far to try out some beers they advertised and it was the worst experience! They advertise all the beers and they had only bottles and overpriced!!!Horrible customer service by a staff that acted as if they were better than their clients. Still looking for a good cigar bar in the area.Bleh. Bad food, snotty service, crappy table. Bleh.Such bad service I had to rate it from the iPhone...In a word, DISGUSTING.Service was minimal.  Food was just terrible.  I had the buffalo chicken "wings"I should have known something was wrong when they had quotations around the "wings."  It was just odd.  It literally made me sick to my stomach.  And I had to pay $16 for them on top of it. Jenn ordered the lobster tacos.  They were so small, you could eat them with a tweezer.  No joke..lol$100 bucks for disgusting drinks and food?  Jenn, I told you I wanted Grand Lux Cafe!!!!!I will never be back.Why did I come here? I've been to the sister property at Mirage (Stack) and thought it was mediocre at best. At Stack I found the service at the table to be pretty good, and the food was pretty good. What I hated about the place was the attitude of the hostess and the women behind the bar. Well, that and the fact that the place was ridiculously overpriced.And you know what? Fix is just like Stack! The hostess had the same crappy attitude, and just like at Stack we were seated at probably the worst table in the restaurant. Yes, that's right, the restaurant stereotype lives - parties with children or women dining without men get stuffed in the back corner tables. But the worst attitudes are the women behind the bar. These girls have a heightened sense of self-importance the likes of which I have never seen (just like at Stack). These women are walking sterotypes.The table service was attentive and good. The food wasn't bad - I had a New York strip, daughter had Kobe sliders with fries, wife had filet with shrimp. Wife and I each had a cocktail. $25 for two cocktails? Really? I mean, really? Tanqueray & tonic is $11? Really? What a rip-off.The bill for three of us (only one cocktail for each adult) and no dessert was over $200. I feel like I have been completely ripped off, and I'd rather have that feeling at the craps table.As an aside, this place could gain an extra star if it would do two things: 1) enforce the dress code; 2) dump the women behind the barWow - did my buttons get pushed on my last visit.  Our same group of 4 was really looking forward to another amazing experience....I'm pretty sure I ruined that.  I'm a vegetarian of over 20 years.  Menus and restaurant choices have come a long way since then, which allows me to find something to eat other than a salad when I go out.  Back to Fix.  We all ordered the same items....Kobe burgers, tomato soup, and adult mac and cheese sticks.  Here's where things went bad.....I get through half of a mac and cheese stick and feel something funny in my mouth.  Something not mac-y and not cheese-y.  I pull it out of my mouth and see - gasp - MEAT!  WHAT!?!??!!  Fiance confirmed.  It's MEAT.  When the waitress came over, I asked her if there was bacon in the mac and cheese sticks.  She says "No, it's prosciutto, why?  You don't eat pork?"  I told her NO, I'm a VEGETARIAN, and the menu did not list pork as an ingredient and you did not tell me when I ordered that pork is an ingredient.  I had to pull out the piece of pork from my MOUTH before I realized it was an ingredient.  She replies with an "I know, they really should list it on the menu."  And she walks away.  Hello!??!?!?!  I was polite about it but firmly expressed that I was not happy.  No offer to get my something else, no offer to comp them, nothing.  I would have at least liked some effin' donuts.  Geez.I just couldn't believe the any upscale restaurant in this day and age would have the audacity to not list an ingredient like MEAT.  It's so frustrating. Okay, I'm climbing off the soapbox now.  Good night.I am not one to write restaurant reviews.  In fact, I've never written one.  I'm writing this one only because the unhappy memories of dining at Fix have stayed with me for several days.  I understand that expensive food has become the norm in Vegas but more often than not when you spend more than $100 for food on the Strip you're likely to get something really good.  First of all, FIX looks great from the outside but from inside it's sort of a mess.  One half is way too dark so that you literally can't read what's in front of you and the other half is illuminated with the glare of slot machines.  It's really annoying.  I ordered the $18 Spring Roll appetizer which consisted of three, right of out of the box frozen, greasy, machine-made springs rolls.  It was really astonishing.  My entree was the Kobe sliders - something like $25.  I swear to God these are the same sliders you can buy at Costco, although my memory is that the one's you get at Costco taste better.  The buns were as generic as bread can possibly be.  Flavorless, dry, hard to swallow.  There was a little dab of mayo and a little slice of roma tomato on each one, plus one of them had a little purple string that we finally identified as a grilled onion.  The meat was tasteless.  The presentation was horrible. My fellow diner HATED his penne pasta entree and didn't finish half of it.  He said it was so salty it was inedible.  I would probably have complained but we had somewhere we need to be and just wanted to get out of there. The waiters were efficient. I felt back for them.  It must suck to serve food you know people aren't going to like.  Don't go here.49.00 for 12 ounce steak and it does not come with side orders. 3 small egg roll for 18.00. hey, isn't that cost more than macdonald french fries?  this place is not good for nonsmokers. smoke from casino goes straight to the restaurant. we smell like smokers  and my eyes turn red when we left.our bills for 2 persons was 234.00 without alcohol. now i know why the owner drive a lamborghiniThis place is ehh on so many levels. Started with the baby lettuce salads. They had nothing to them.I ordered the Chicken, which had nothing to it. My date had the Fillet which was equally as disappointing. One of the lamest things about Fix is that it sits right in the middle of the casino, so the entire time you're trying to enjoy your $80 a plate meal, your hearing screaming and ching ching ching every 5 seconds. The food here is always drab. If you're going to spend $80-100 a plate for dinner, make it worthwile and steer clear of this place. Food = BooAmbiance = Very boo

Is added mustard to do something... It does nothing.I searched "must do/eat in Montréal" and this food was listed. It might be good for hangover food (?), but I honestly think there are better food for that, this is only overreated.

We had waited over an hour for the pickup on the way back ( suppose to every 30 minutes) and the bus did not show up.

I understand its business, but they had the nerve to sell me prepaid services in sept, only to email me a month later saying they were closing on dec. 20ththey didn't even keep that promise, as it is now dec 5th and they have shut their doors

Thank you,

continuously have it available from opening till close.  What a disappointment = \If you like poor customer service, dirty restaurant, and bad food then this your place! I can't believe this place is still open. Their cashier is so rude and is always giving her customers attitude and dirty looks. If they have been in the business for a long time, then they should know that their customers are the only reason why they are still in business! So why treat them with such disrespect? SMH! Oh, and don't even get me started on the food. Their beef Caldereta is filled with fats, and no meat. If there was 0 star, then this place for sure deserves it.Pork Adobe was literally swimming in grease! My hubby got sick to his stomach an hour after eating. Everything very greasy!I ordered pansit with barbeque. They gave very small portion of the noodles.  And I confronted  the old lady who served me why the portion is very little, she didn't say anything.  Its always like this when she serves but the other server are ok. I don't recommend this place and I'm not going back.I'm sorry for causing the 5-star rating to go down, but I had a bad experience here. A while ago, I came to this branch just to deposit a check. I don't know what it is with the Wells Fargo branches in Las Vegas, but there seems to be a serious lack of envelope-free ATMs here. I guess I was spoiled when living in Southern California. I rarely had to step into the bank because any check deposited through those envelope-free ATMs would post to your account the same day and the funds would be available immediately.Anyway, I'll be nice and not name the teller and personal banker that helped me that day. They were trying to get me to open another account with them. I had to stand there and listen to them explain how every customer should have 5-6 different accounts under their name because of security reasons, all those scams going on, etc., etc. Don't get me wrong, I understand what they were trying to say and believe me, if I was a millionaire and had nothing better to do, I would love to put all that money in 10 different accounts. But it was a busy day for me, I had tons of stuff to do, and I really didn't have time to hang out at the bank. So I politely declined, thanked them for the information and told them that I would definitely keep that in mind. A few days later I noticed that they opened 2 new accounts under my name without my permission! WTF?! I called the branch and talked to the manager. She was actually very nice, apologized to me, got everything resolved and told me that she would have a talk with those two employees.  That's scary knowing that they have shady employees here, so watch out! I'm avoiding this branch forever!I come here all the time today there was a new lady she was not nice at all. Go to the one on Jones and Desert Inn better customer service.NO STARS FOR THIS PLACE! Entered into a rental contract month-to-month. Finally I am ready to vacate the place. When obtaining some of my boxes on the first move from the storage I was bitten about 99 times by something that made my skin itchy, red, infected. any part of my skin exposed and not covered was bitten. After notifying them in the office and showing them the bug bites they told me there was nothing they could do till I moved out? Really, WTF kind of customer service is that? I purchased my own bug bombs and put them in the unit and closed the door; came back 2 days later and no more bug bites!  Then they wanted to charge me for a certified key letter because I emptied my unit, sewept it clean, and they claim according to the contract I must still put a lock on the unit until my 30 day expiration date. Now I'll already have been moved, but they wanted to charge me to lock it and another $25 to remove the lock even after leaving the city!  Stupicity, completely stupid way to do business. Obvious times are difficult and they are being creative to raise revenue. I even gave them a referral the first date I moved in.Never rent from them, nothing but a hassel!Signed:  Bugged gone back to CaliBad service, small units. Life storage lets you borrow the truck for free as long as you had insurance and filled the tank. Charged me double the quoted rate. For renting the truck. The 19.99 on the truck was a lie and garbage. Scam artists don't ever rent a unit at this place.Got a truck off them. Got a car fax.Paid for title fee. They fuck that up. Now I have to pay NV DMV to fix it. Now the paper work is late to the bank and the bank up the payment for late. Slow service. Didn't have paper work ready when they called me to come pick it up.

- You will be asked to drop the car off-the airport, take a shuttle that would not drop you NOT at your terminal, but at a place, where you can take the "airport shuttle" to rech your terminal in Las Vegas.- Fox will only reimburse you of the day that the car spent at the airport, and will not offer you any compensation for ruining your holiday.Here goes the story as I've shared with their customer service:

- $75 for a second key/fob since there are two of us on the lease

The rest of the food was extremely bland and the rice was not the basmati rice you usually associate with Indian food.The usually crispy mounds of onion bhaji were a bunch of soggy onion rings.

ELENA GETS 5 STARSThe scheduling really needs to be taken care of- and the employees who answer the phone give correct information.That is why I am giving the single star.Impossible to schedule with after I told them I have a groupon. Refused to schedule anything during a 4 month period of time that I was requesting.No thanks.Was on time.  Seemed knowledgeable.  Gave some good ideas for what I wanted done.  Called back later in the week since I still hadn't even received a bid.  They said they would get back to me.  Never heard from them again.  I really don't like people wasting my time.  They could've at least called and said they couldn't/wouldn't do the job.Very disappointed - had an appointment set up to provide an estimate on bathroom remodel - no call, no show. I called to check on status, and they apparently forgot about me. Had to move other plans to accommodate this appointment, so it is now a wasted evening.If they forget about me before I write the check, how are they going to treat me after I would have written it? So difficult to find someone who wants this remodel job...Unbelievably poor customer service and a total lack of customer care.  Over the summer, we purchased a Living Social deal that we redeemed and scheduled 3 and a half weeks in advance for a children's party in our backyard.  Unfortunately, the day of the party they were a no-show, and we we left fending for ourselves.  When we manically tried to contact them multiple times throughout the day (before the party), we received a VMs, and left messages begging them to come out to help us out.  In response, they called back with anger and a total unprofessional attitude claiming we were being rude and out of line.  All we wanted was a call back, and for them to honor the appointment.   Still nearly 4 months after our appointment, they have yet to refund us or reschedule even after multiple request!  BUYER BEWARE!  Not sure if their product works, but do yourself a favor and check out other companies.Just received an invoice* from Mosquito Guard for services to-be performed next week. We have not been customers in YEARS. I found it presumptuous and annoying since we did not find their treatments worked for the property where we lived 5 years ago. I am so glad that our credit card number has changed multiple times since we last used them (thanks, Target data breach). For new customers, know that their service prices are apparently dropping by as much as 50% and something about expanding into pest control services. If you choose to use the company, best wishes. I would not be comfortable using a company whose billing department does not understand the difference between an estimate and an invoice. *invoice (n.): an itemized bill for goods sold or services provided, containing individual prices, the total charge, and the terms.I cannot believe their lack of professionalism!!  I called them early June to schedule an appointment for mosquito treatment. I was impressed with the young lady I initially spoke on the phone who scheduled the visit. She explained how the technician would call us an hour before arriving so I didn't have to wait home until their visit. She asked if we had a pond (which we do) and asked me to measure it so they could bring a tarp to cover the pond since apparently the chemicals are poisonous to fish. She insisted the tarp to cover the pond was crucial and gave me an appointment for June 7th. Day of appointment I waited around all morning and no one showed up. Left the house to pick up lunch when the technician calls me to tell me he was in my driveway. I told him I would be home in 30 mins. to make sure our dogs were inside the house and how he was supposed to give me one hour notice. He said he was already at my house but he could leave and I would have to reschedule. I told him I couldn't reschedule because we had a big pool party in our house in two days. I told him to go ahead and spray and - point blank - asked him if he had a tarp big enough to cover my pond. He assured me he did. My husband came home whilst the technician was spraying the chemicals and he noticed there was no tarp covering the pond. He asked the technician about the tarp (or lack of) but the technician assured him he knew what he was doing and he wasn't going to get close to the pond area (an area where we have a significant amount of tress). When I got home my husband told me how the technician had sprayed without the tarp and how not all of our pets where inside the house when he started to spray the chemicals. I called the next day to complain and the lady who had initially scheduled the appointment apologized and told me she would investigate what happened and would call me back. I didn't hear anything until a week later when one of the "owners" called me to apologize for what happened. I told him we were out of town and wouldn't return to Charlotte until the end of the week. I expressed my concern about the Koi fish and told him I didn't know if any had died since we had left town three days after they applied the chemicals. I also told him we still had mosquitoes by the pond area. He was very polite and apologized for what had happened. He expressed my fish were mostly not harmed but to alert him if anything had happened to the fish or we still had mosquitoes when we arrived home.

Food was just ok- nothing special At All!!

Literally they can't do anything right.

i still havnt recieved my correction on my bank loan nor have i seen my mirrors. This is to bad that this is how they treat thier customers. I will take my bike to get serviced somewhere else, this is so out of integrity and Id be dumb to think that they are honest enough to address mechanical issues. PLEASE DO NOT BUY HERE, LOTS OF HEADACHES AND WASTE OF TIME.Extremely disappointed. Rode out from Yuma to buy oil and crush washer for my oil change. I asked what they recommend as the oil to use and all pushed the BMW brand oil. $15 per quart. Going over receipts of prior oil change service performed by Victory BMW mechanics I discovered they used a much MUCH cheaper off the shelf oil. They could have recommended this oil in the first place! I'm loyal by nature and feel they do not reciprocate that loyalty. To top it off after riding 3 hours back to my house I discovered they gave me the wrong washer! I guess I'll have to ride to San Diego or Scottsdale for service and parts. After 3 years of motorcycle service and parts purchase at Victory BMW I now have no confidence in Victory BMW to keep my best interest as a loyal customer in mind. I wish them the best but they'll need to value repeat customers and not handle them as stooges.Saw four used scooters online.  Sales person called me to confirm stock.  Drove down to look and they said they sold two the day prior and the other two were waiting on parts.  Don't trust them.Poor experience.   Absurd fees.   Good follow up however.  Beware of trade in quotes.Poor communication.  Couldn't get a quote as promised for a bike on premises they are trying to sell.Ick.

I had to call the restaurant while in the restaurant to get someone to acknowledge my order AND my presenceehhh so mediocre. so not Chinese food. Did not like all 4 of the items I ordered.So I was sitting here an d this caucasion man maybe the manager ask the caucasion man and his women/friend if they wanted anything, but hasn't once ask me if I needed anything! Then another couple maybe Armenian and Asian girl he goes over to them and still he or my waitress does ask if I want anything or am okay. This must be a Republican place. They should just have a sign outside saying no blacks. Because first they sit me right besides a register so they can look at my every move.all of us blacks aren't bad. I need to be working for Under Cover Boss. Thanks Sylvia for not coming back to ask me if I needed anything,..oh but the food was great I ordered Korean Barbeque with Beef. And fried rice.This was the worst experience I have ever had with a hotel, by far.  First of all, the address seems very convenient since it is very close to the Strip, but let me tell you this, you WILL get lost looking for it because Desert Inn Rd does NOT connect to the Strip or even I-15!  You have to maneuver through heavily trafficked pedestrian streets and side roads, and be equipped with Google maps and GPS to eventually find this place.  When I finally did I was notified check in is not until 4pm, which is very late! When I came back at 5:45pm, there were three people working the desk and a line out the door for people checking out!  It literally was almost an hour wait to check in to the hotel!! People were complaining, cutting the line, and fighting, while the staff slowly processed each person inefficiently.  Then they tell you there's a $14 resort fee never mentioned anywhere else, and a $50 deposit.  This is completely ridiculous as Blair House Suites is the farthest thing away from a resort possible.  It is even lower quality than a Motel 6 and they don't even charge resort fees.Finally, the rooms smell weird, the beds are hard as a rock, and very small might I add.  The bathroom is cramped, and the TV looks like it is from the 80s.  The fridge is not cold, the stairs are poorly maintained, and it looks terrible.  Finally, the rooms are "environmentally friendly", meaning every time you leave your room the A/C turns off so you can return to your room in 100+ degree temperatures in the summer.  I highly recommend getting a bargain hotel elsewhere.  It is not worth the savings.This was by far the worse stay in Vegas i have ever had. First they have all these hidden charges that were never mentioned before i got there. After that when we finally get to the room it smelled like shit. My GF couldn't even breath in. once we seen the TV we couldn't believe Tv's from the 60's still worked. At that point i decided to "upgrade" to the "deluxe" room and was quickly disappointed in that. It smelled just as bad. Although instead of having a TV from the 60's it was not from the 70's. So that was the biggest upgrade. It was late we could not find another room so we just stayed. The next day as we were getting ready we seen spiders crawling up the living room walls. When we got back from walking the strip at 6pm out bed was NOT made and they did not bring any towels. The whole stay was just so annoying. BUT it did NOT stop there. as we were checking out i had extra charges but was told it was a "hold" and i would get the money back with in a couple of days. A week went by and my account turned out to be over drawn by $284.76. These bastards charged my account three times $94.92 for no fucken reason.!!!! i called everyday for a week straight and all they did was give me the run around. The so called "manager" Mary was never at work or "just left". Lets just say that i stood there on 8/12-8/14 and i am still dealing with this shit. Forget the price its NOT worth it. DONT STAY HERE CAUSE ALL THE "SAVING" YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING BY STAYING HERE WILL BITE YOU IN THE ASS!! WORSE PLACE EVER!!if i can give this place a -0 i would!i am in vegas with my girlfriends living it uip for the mayweather/cotto fight, now mind you its packed and all rooms are either booked or wayyyy too much, so i go onto priceline and i book a room here at blair house... big efffing mistake...!when i first got there we had to immediately move rooms because the bathroom was broken... yes i said broken and the lady told me these were "newly remodled "suites"" all i can say is b.s. lady!i have never seen a newly remodled room look so cheap and dirty and not only was the decore horrendous but the 2 queen beds are in a small cramped room 1/2 a foot away and practically touching!strike 1...

Later that day I was given a 5 day pay or quit. Approximately 13 (dry) days later, the forecast had severe storming and flash flood warnings. I decided I better hurry and remove my items from the small bedroom closet where the ceiling was leaking in fear of damages to my personal property.

I ordered the Greek salad because I was scared to get anything else. They over drenched it with salad dressing and the feta was out of those President packages you get at the supermarket. The Brazilian guy we were with got the actual "Brazilian Steak" which is all you can eat of different cuts of meat. "NO DOGIE BAGS AND NO SHARING" barked the manager. I didn't want to eat any of his stinking meat anyway it looked like it had been recycled from day to day. One of the waiters asked my B.F if he wanted more turkey ( Brazilians don't even eat turkey) and he said "no" he was full and the old geezer got mad and said that he is required to ask and that he should be polite! ok... the B.F puts up with my shit all day long and doesn't say a thing... this guy just wanted to be a dick.P.S- Even some of the other waiters were making crazy faces(LOCO) behind the managers back  when he was talking to the table!! Everyone thinks he's an idiot, even his employees!!My employer hosted a lunch event here and as the second in command for organizing the event I was EXTREMELY dissatisfied with this place. First off this wasn't my selection of restaurant. Had I visited it before like the organizer did I would NEVER have selected to host our event here. Decor needs a major update. I understand redecorating is expensive but that is NO excuse for your out of fashion decor to be dirty. Filthy walls, carpet and seats. Dirty and dingy smelling bathrooms. Next disappointment was the SLOW service. We had about 15 guests and 5 presenters/event staff. It took forever for our Grandpa server to get anything including drink refills. At one point I had to get refills on my own from the bartender who appeared to be doing nothing. Why could he have not helped out is beyond me. There was only one other table in the restaurant. Food was coming out and different times, some tables had salad while others had nothing, when the meal came out it was also not timed very well. One of our guests even had a bug in her food (the potatoes). I was really disappointed with the quality of food. The sides and cuts of meat seemed cheap and there didn't seem to be anything overly "Brazilian" about them.Save your money and your time.My GF and I were going to Firefly and like usual they were packed and we didnt want to wait 45 mins for a table so we decided to try Yolies. BAD idea!!!! The whole experience was a nightmare. For a hundred bucks all we both took away from here was a bad after taste and stomach ache. Avoid this dump at all costs.Overall was very disappointedthe good:

.

Brakes (drums/shoes) need replaced - not within DOT spec  (verified by photo)

Job:  Craps Dealer

Never AgainYou really don't want to stop here. It's hard to get in and out of this location, and inside you'll find surly service in a dingy store. If I had to work in this 7-11 I'd be surly too. Your best bet...keep on driving. You can do better even if you have to drive 10 more blocks to get there.OK --- Fat Tuesday = Not a bar.

Tell your cook not to eat in plane sight of the customer. Not sure why you wear latex gloves and feed your face. GROSS!Garbage.  $3 car wash, up sold to the 6$ (no problem) which is a waste.  Not only is exterior not drive.  Tons of foam/soap on back window and side view mirrors.  What a joke.  Seriously, now on to auto zone to clean them.I use to love coming to this place to get my car washed, until some little tool today didn't want to spray my windshield off at the auto wash.  The auto wash doesn't get the bugs off, so every time in the past 3 years I've come here, they've done it.  He tried to up sell me to a $9 wash and then he said he'll do it.  I refused, and will take my business elsewhere.  Everyone else has been good in the past, but it takes one to ruin it.This place is garbage. I live right around the corner and have given them countless tries but it is constant disappointment. The last two times I went, I didn't receive the towel or air freshener that is advertised with the $9 wash. If you are lucky enough to have an employee standing there to guide you on the tracks, don't count on them actually paying attention to whether or not your wheels will hit the metal. Their vacuums rarely work. In addition, tonight they decided they wanted to go home early so even though their hours show open until 6pm, they took all of their vacuums apart at 520. Your money is better spent at one of the other 900 car washes in the valley.Atrocious service, absolutely abysmal.  We waited 50 minutes (fifty) for an appetizer with a 6:30 reservation on a weeknight. The main course was even worse! It was 1:20 later (one hour and twenty minutes) when we gave up and walked out. The manager was joking around with some couple in the bar and couldn't even be bothered to see why two diners were leaving without paying the bill.  I told the hostess we're leaving and we're not paying because of the horrible service... she didn't seem to care either. "Have a nice evening," came the stock reply. Arrogant manager, terrible service and a dipsy hostess. Terrible.Party of five, and we got the worst server in history.  Got orders wrong,, didn't write anything  down. Manager came over and picked a fight with my husband which was the wrong thing to do. Food was okay. Steaks cooked wrong and one person in our party got the wrong steak.  Ordered bernaise sauce when we placed our order, had to ask 2 times for it and it came when the meal was over.  Just a bad experience!  Suggest a pen and paper for their waiters.For starters there was all of 5-6 parties In the entire restaurant on a Saturday evening"concerning". Ordered the 10 ounce Filet and received a 6-7 ounce Filet. Server even noted that the filet was small, but management never stopped by the table to address the concern. Knife had food on it and a drink that I ordered from the bar had string coming out of the top of the glass? Restaurant is extremely over priced for the quality of food that is served. Server was great, but unfortunately he had no support. I highly doubt this restaurant last more then 3-6 months. Will never return or recommend to a local.Went yesterday after shopping with my husband and 2 year old. We were seated promptly and drinks came on time. Our server was knowledgeable with the menu items. We ordered the rainbow roll to start. It came out and we tried it, the salmon was not fresh so I spit it out and put it back on the dish. My husband tried the tuna and did the same. I told my husband "I don't want to get sick". We advised our server and he took it back. When he came back we told him we wanted our check. He then said that his executive chef and manager tasted it and it was fine. Why would he argue with a customer? Next, we were seated where you can see the reflection of the kitchen and our sent back roll was being eaten by the waitstaff and cooks. That is disgusting. It should have gone in the trash and coming from a health department view, (which is our business) is a dismay. Not to mention, no manager came to visit our table. I guess he was eating the remaining sushi roll. When our server dropped our check for the drinks he said "go jets" sarcastically since he was a Patriots fan. I can't believe how disappointed I was as we wanted to try other entrees at another time.Very disappointed!  For the price of the meal I should be in heaven. However, the Prime Rib was a disaster.  I ordered medium but the first slice came out well down and gray in color.  I sent it back.  For $44 I have high expectations.  The second round came back medium but still gray in appearance.  Holy crap, for $44 you get Prime Rib that is individually shrink wrapped slices and warmed up in the oven!  It tasted fine but is not what you are paying for.  We won't be back and you shouldn't waste your time.  Go to the steakhouse in Sunset Station if you want a decent slice of beef because you won't find it here.I usually come here for my late night fix but tonight was totally different! My friend ordered a paradise point and OH MY GOD! Was that disgusting!!!It literally tasted like they put half a banana and a ton of ice! It was terrible. There was even a disgusting after taste. Never coming back! Well, never coming back to the person who made my smoothie! So if you ever get James J watch out! I really wish I could give this place zero stars after this experience.I  smoothies !! Was so excited to see one on my side of town .,

This place sounded like a good deal but the staff wasn't friendly at all. Stayed in room 1663 They walk by you without a good morning or evening. The room was unsanitary. Bloods stains through out and drug traces. Told the staff and they said "we will clean in the morning!" This was so disgusting. The fire sprinkler in the upstairs restroom leaks water, the shower puts out cold water then suddenly goes to super hot. Very dangerous. Then the tile around the toilet is cracking. Sharp enough to take a chunk out of my saddles. The sofa bed springs are obviously seen as soon as you open it up. Not a comfortable thing to sleep on. Don't recommend this place one bit. Take your money somewhere else!The one star is solely due to the fact that the continental breakfast on week days suck!!! The guy working it even asked for a tip. Who does that?!? The rooms are decent but too bad the continental breakfast isn't worth crap.I could care less about reviewing the room which is what I mainly should do because it is a hotel. However my main issue is with their customer service and the rate at which they change their stories to price gouge you. I and my other teammates decided to stay here for a Flyball Tournament from Friday to Monday. From the moment we arrived to check in I was sorely disappointed. When we checked in, the negotiated price for 50$ pet fee had gone up to 75$ without a forewarning because we were there for the Flyball event. I don't even understand why an event centered around dogs would be more expensive than regular price. The room might be 10 dollars cheaper but you aren't getting a deal with a price raise for pets. My other issue is how fast they seem to backtrack on things they told you. Our team had requested to stay in building 14, they said okay (and for one teammate went ahead and charged her card for it), but you might not be able to because its a first come first serve basis when it comes to checking in for it. Check in is at 4 and they said they couldn't take early check ins which we didn't have a problem with. We all arrived at around 4:30 and when asked about checking in for building 14, they told us that it was full because other teams had come in earlier than check in time and got it. How could you be so adamant about no early check ins but then go ahead and allow it? And then how come my teammate who got charged for it and was guaranteed a room, not be able to get said room?Honestly there were so many issues here with price gouging, backtracking, and the staff being disorganized and dishonest that I probably won't stay here again. Checking in when you made reservations weeks in advance shouldn't be an issue but I guess when your staff is constantly unorganized, it's just a thing you do with your guests.Do not waste your money. Just go anywhere else. A friend and I ended up having to stay in Vegas for one extra night than we planned for. So we looked for something less than $100 with at least a three star rating using Priceline so that's why we ended up here.Pulling into the place right away, the entire guest parking was blocked off by cops, ambulance, and a fire truck so we had to go completely around the place. I got the feeling it used to be an apartment complex at one time. Once we got to our room, it was outdated but seemed decent enough. Tv in the living area didn't work. Couldn't figure out how to turn the air on in the bedroom. But We were literally just sleeping there. Also. Problem with arriving to the hotel when it's dark, you don't realize the airport is literally next door. So the constant planes taking off was not fun.Well come time to go to bed and I found a lovely bed bug!!! Right away we decided we were done. We checked out with the night time manager Richard D. He was very very rude. He gave us attitude and didn't believe us when we said we found bugs in the bed. Based on the previous reviews, it seems it happens a lot. But he even doubted us when we said he had pictures! So anyway. He was a complete a$$ and we were just done with it all.There are plenty of options of where to stay in Vegas. Avoid this place.I had to book a last minute trip to Vegas and had a limited amount of money to spend. I searched for low rates and Alexis Park Resort seemed like a good choice based on pictures I saw. I read some bad reviews, but ignored them because they had a good room rate and I was only staying 2 nights. There are some good things about this resort. You get a pretty large room size for the price you pay. It's a good value when taking that into consideration. Also, they only require a $25/night deposit which is very low compared to other places. Last, the beds are comfortable and the rooms have kitchenettes. Unfortunately, there are more bad things about this resort than good. The resort is in need of a major renovations and just daily maintenance. We had to switch rooms twice! The first room didn't work out because both of the TVs weren't getting a cable signal. The bathtub was falling apart and it had mildew. The second room's air conditioning wasn't working (extremely necessary in 100° weather). In both of the rooms, the drawers on the night stand and TV stand wouldn't stay shut. How old is this furniture? The hotel staff didn't seem to care about the issues we were having. They seemed pretty indifferent. In the end, we were told to go to the front desk and they finally upgraded us to a loft suite, which was much nicer. But...even in that room the TV remotes didn't work and the decor was dated! I feel like they could've offered us more and delivered better customer service but after driving 8 hours I was too tired to fight for it. If you don't care about having a nice room and just wanted something cheap, then stay here. If your standards are a bit higher, go somewhere else.Stayed here this last weekend 05/13 to 5/16.  Terrible.  I had stayed here 3 years ago Sept 2013, again in Monarch suite.  Two double beds and sofa bed in living room.   When I called Alexis Park on 05/10 to make reservation, I was assured that the suite had a Monarch bed.  I decided to book room through Priceline (which advertised a sofa bed, room accommodates 6 people).When we got there late at night upon check in, we asked about the sofa bed.  Lady at counter told us, go to the room if there is no sofa bed, come back to arrange it.

When I called the number on the card just before midnight, someone answered, but call seven times during business hours, and you won't get an answer.Disappointing. Had a burger and fries. The burger was nothing to write home about and the fries were ice cold and hard. Perhaps this place is only known for its custard? The music playing in the dining room was entirely too loud to enjoy lunch conversation. The restrooms were dirty!Went there after movie worst burgers ever ! Frys greasy and cold bathroom dirty ! I would never go back music so loud at at register I could hardly hear the girl and she could not hear meIn the words of the great Leo Getz (Joe Pesci) in Lethal Weapon 2, "They always f$@& you at the drive thru!"   First I get drinks without the lids on tight so I've got a front seat soaked in root beer.  Second, they short me an order of fries.  Third, my daughters burger was overlooked to the point it was crispy.   With In-n-Out and Five Guys both within 2 blocks I won't be giving Freddy a second chance.I was referred to this place from a nearby coffee shop, very very disappointed.To the restaurant, since the patties are very thin please train your cooks to not burn the edges so much, the taste of burned meat stayed in my mouth for most of the night and at 6.00 for a burger I should have went across the street to in n out to eat. Probably won't be back.When the Love Store first opened it was like a breath of fresh air in Las Vegas for consumers of sexual and sensual purposes clothing, accessories, toys and equipment... Since their grand opening, I have spent well over $5k on various accessories, shoes, toys, merchandise and clothing items for myself, my girlfriend and as gifts for family members. Over the past 6 months the store has replaced many of the original employees who were so instrumental in the Love Store's initial success and in creating the high class atmosphere that previously existed within the store... And made the shopping experience for customers seemingly worth the price premiums charged.  The new managers and employees are obviously less skilled, and told me directly that they received little to no training. At times they apologized for not knowing their merchandise, but would then when something was amiss, stare at us stone faced and unwilling or incapable of providing customer service and concern resolution. Case in point: yesterday I visited the store with my girlfriend and another couple. As we picked out various items we asked that they keep our purchases together at the management and checkout station. We spent over $800 and despite having had plenty of time to prepare for our checkout, they left security tags on clothing and merchandise... The kind that are impossible to get off, yet the store alarm never went off.  They also charged us for a pair of shoes at $89.95, but "forgot" to put them in any of the dozen bags they filled with out stuff... I went back in for the shoes, and the store manager acted very irritated, as if WE had done something wrong! We did not see the security tags (that they failed to remove) until after we got home... That is when we discovered that the manager who ran up our sales ticket did NOT put batteries in the many OVO toys from Germany (high quality) that we had purchased. Previously, on every occasion I purchased battery powered devices at The Love Store, they had always put basic batteries in the devices and then demonstrated that the items purchased worked properly before we paid for them... Always leaving that initial starter set of batteries in the expensive toys being purchased. This time, the new Love Store manager deceived us... Deception? Yes, because she showed us the devices worked and had batteries in them as she placed hem back into the original packaging. But, she must have removed the batteries when we weren't looking, probably while we continued to browse and shop for more overpriced stuff... Prices? We also noticed that prices on many of the consumable basics, such as massage oils and lubes had been dramatically raised... to levels that many would describe as "Highway Robbery".  For example, a small bottle of Astroglide brand silicone lube was priced at $28.95 in the love store... I bought the exact same product today at Walmart for $8.59 --- now, I don't expect a local store with premium service levels to be price competitive with Walmart, but a 250%+ surcharge for The Love Store is simply not justifiable! There are many stores in Las Vegas with similar or same products, and now that the Love Store has hired incompetent clerks and managers, their price premiums across the range of all their merchandise can no longer be tolerated... And certainly their over priced merchandise and deteriorating sub standard service should NOT be validated by Yelpers doing business there. SUMMARY: AVOID THE LOVE STORE... THEY ARE GROSSLY OVERPRICED AND STAFFED WITH UNQUALIFIED AND INEPT MANAGERS THAT WILL CHEAT YOU OUT OF PRODUCT YOU PAID FOR, AND WILL NO LONGER PROVIDE THE PERKS OF THEIR PREVIOUSLY PREMIUM SERVICE LEVEL FORMAT. However... Should you choose to ignore my dire warnings and partial descriptions of my shared negative experiences, be sure to pick up a set of Bolt Cutters at Walmart to get the security tags off the clothes you paid more than twice their retail value to buy at The Love Store.First time going to The Love Store and it is absolutely beautiful! I unfortunately had a horrible experience. All the ladies would not stop watching and following me the entire time even after I told them I was just browsing. One lady asked me to zip my purse up so there is no "accidents" and I did with no hesitation. I attempted to make conversation with them but they were just interested in everything I touched. I've NEVER been treated like that. I was VERY uncomfortable. They had no reason to even assume I would be stealing. I left offended and without any of the many thing I would have PURCHASED.Second time in this store, first time was pleasant and helpful. This time was an experience i hope no one has to go through. After walking around in the store, i noticed that one of the ladies would call one of her coworkers every time she didn't have sight on me. I quickly felt like i was being overly watched but thought that i was just being paranoid until i heard her ask one of her coworkers if they were keeping an eye on me. I understand that in retail you do have to watch for shoplifters but i felt and was treated like a criminal and they didn't even try to be discreet about it. Worse of all, after i left i decided to call the store to let the GM know about my experience and they wouldnt give me her hours (they said she doesnt have "set hours") or her name and insisted that i leave the complaint with them.  Dont go shopping here unless you want to be treated like criminal.There's a very helpful lady there who wears classes and has short hair. She greeted us as soon as we came in and explained the finer points of having a glass toy and the quality of a brand we were looking at. That was great and then she left us be. But then five minutes after she left us someone else asked if we needed help and we said "We're fine, thanks." Then ten minutes or so later another person came up to us and asked and we gave the same answer. Then not long after that THE SAME person came up to us and asked again, slipping into a long explanation of toys even tho we were right in the middle of discussing it amongst ourselves. Since when does "We're okay, thank you" or "We're just browsing" mean "Oh, god please bother me" in retail? Especially three times in less than an hour? And killing our buzz even more, one employee made a comment to us that was supposed to be friendly but just made both of us feel like we were dressed poorly. Be sure you make it very clear you don't want to be talked to, otherwise they won't stop hounding you. Was so annoyed and had our ideas popped with every interruption; put two items back and left. Then we went to the Adult Superstore on Tropicana. No one bothered us and there was more stuff. Found everything we wanted there.Restaurant is busy with guest so my wife and I decide to sit at the bar. Sunday morning everyone is out late night Saturday night so most peple end up getting up around 10am to 11am, reason being why the restaurant is busy.  We sit down and no service foe a bit, but we seemed to have gotten use to that in Vegas.  Waitress/ Bar tender then comes out first thing she ask for is my wife's ID. She didn't have it with her because we walked to the restaurant from our room since we're staying in the resort. Restaurant is busy and no where to sit, just because we're sitting at the bar she needs her ID to order food "Yes said the bartender". Poor service, rude staff, no help on accommodating somethings else for us or getting the manager to assist. Never going back! !!I wish I could give negative stars this "business" is a joke!29 days they had my laptop to replace the motherboard and I called to check status. The gentleman said he forgot to order the party and it would be another week to a week and a half. I asked about a discount for their mistake and he said he was already doing it for $165 (refurbished motherboard) and that's as cheap as they can do it for. Then he told me I can come pick my item up whenever I wanted to and take it somewhere else. Gee thanks for permission to get MY laptop back still broken 29 days later!

Second: No regard for your time... my appt was @ 10am... I sat in the lobby till almost 11am THEN sat in the room for another 30mins!  Third:  The dr barely looks at you and is typing into the computer the whole time he is in the room with you.

Car was dirty and did not run well.

Called over to store again, shared my frustration, she said when he got back to get ranch (so much for warm wings) she would discuss with driver.Manager called back stating that driver insists he only received $30. Hogwash!!

The show contains a ton of bad language that is unnecessary. Magic tricks were also pretty unoriginal.It also has nothing to do with Cique.

2) Wednesday 10am. I don't hear from anyone. I call the company and they called the driver "Alex" and Alex said 12pm. Well, 12 turned to 2, 2 to 4 and finally they show up at 6:30pm.  When Alex called me at 6pm to tell me he was coming. I asked him if he has enough time and he said, "yes I have 4 guys with me."

I ordered the front struts and installed them myself for $240.

Food was similar to slightly better than a typical Chinese banquet meal. The peking duck and chilled abalone were good but nothing special.Service:1/5 abysmal

My first room was next to the icemachine so I couldn't here my own thoughts!So I went back to the lobby and got another room.My last room was also pretty bad!

A waste of time (long lines) & money.

I can sit??  And then pay them the charges they have the nerve

RUDE STAFF

1) Rude Staff

Ok a line at 10:30 for breakfast. That makes sense since most in the line probably got to bed after 2am.  Stops serving at 11, unless its a weekend. Do any locals eat at these crappy buffets? I doubt it. So why stop at 11? I'm tired and I want breakfast at noon!

Overpriced food that was mediocre, at best.

Then she she told me they purposely don't cut out for speakers because the sound comes through the mat.  Side note...after I left I took the sample I still had in my company car and put it over the speaker...she was right! Sound did come through, it was muffled, but it came though!

Water an coke to drink.There are 3 other groups of people besides us. So we wait...

Nick Tufenk

3) The house keeper only came once and didn't even clean, she just asked if we needed anything, so we asked for more towels and soap (they only give guests a tiny bottle of shampoo, lotion, and a bar of soap). She never came back with soap or towels.4) The guests and atmosphere are both disgusting. The low rates speak for themselves. Everyone was loud, obnoxious and trashy.

I would tell you if you want real BBQ and not car wash food go to one of these I promise you you'll be easily able to tell the difference. Maybe a good car wash but certainly not a BBQ pit.The Campfire Grille just doesn't seem the same as when the restaurant first opened or when I was there about six months ago.  They no longer have roasted chicken on the menu. The cashier seemed to have a major attitude or was having a bad day. The chili was more watery than in the past. Did the original chef/owner of the restaurant sell it?I had my car cleaned and ate lunch.  My car was cleaned well however it was missing the cover to the charging unit in the center console when I was retuned to me.  I did not notice this until later in the day and called.  A younger girl answered my call and told me she would get a manager.  Then she returned to take a message and assured me someone would get back to me that evening or the next morning.  I have yet to receive a call.  I am now left with trying to replace this part for myself.  I asked the girl for the car vacuum debris to be gone through to see if it got sucked up in there- and she said she couldn't make any promises.  So- my loss I suppose- but I don't enjoy now having to replace the part myself, and having paid them to lose a car part.  Additionally- my lunch was OK- it has been better before and my fries were lukewarm/cold.  All said and done I spent about $35 for lunch, a clean car, and now a missing part.Ordered the 3 meat plate, thinking the plate was big enough for 2 but the portions were small and the food was cold for the amount of wait time that we waited for our food. The sides were also cold. Will pick Famous Daves any time.... Sorry, Guy I think you got this one wrong. Will not be returning and will not recommend.What a disappointment. Wanted to try this place for lunch because it was on DDD. Food was just average and arrived cold. Baked mac n cheese had absolutely no flavor--had to add barbecue sauce for my 6-yr-old to eat it. Lettuce and tomatoes were wilted. The meat on the beef tacos were cold and so were the sweet potato fries. The place was packed, but a lot of people were still eating breakfast. I know I'm not Guy Fieri, but can they serve warm meat at a bar-b-q place? If they keep this up, the next Foodnetwork star that walks through their doors will be Robert Irvine with Restaurant Impossible.First time there for lunch with my son who is an expert!!  starting out his own catering business and has had expert training, been in contests and has done catering on the side!  Split lunch $25.00 plus tip in jar --- we split and if I had not paid that much would not have eaten any of it!!  Pulled pork very very dry, served ribs where most of it was cartilage, brisket very very thin cut and DRY!!!  We agreed the water and coke were ok---staff not friendly but hey they are doing ok We will not be going back!  My first review ever I think but I could not not review this place!What a total disappointment this place was. We travel a lot and try to visit the places featured by Guy On DDD. The service was horrible, just about had to ask for everything, including silverware  and the food was barely average. For B B Que I have actually had better from chain restaurants IE Lucielles, Famous Daves etc. Save your money and time, head elsewhere.This place used to be so good many months ago but now it has come really inconsistent.  Brisket is often over cooked,and stringy.  The mexicali corn is gross and has little flavor.  The baked mac and cheese has little taste.  Way too expensive for the awful food they are serving now-such a shame.Came here for a quick breakfast today. Upon walking in, you can't help but notice that the place had been soiled by the presence of Guy Fieri. Any time I notice that ass clown has been someplace I'm at, I am immediately skeptical since the places that dumbass goes to have to pay Food Network for the appearance.Anyways, I ordered the Breakfast Tacos with Brisket. I mean really, you can't go wrong with steak and eggs, right? Upon receiving my tacos, I was pleasantly surprised. The plate looked great. After that, it was mediocre at best. It was just....'meh'. Since it was over priced for what is essentially breakfast comfort food ($6.50 plus a $2 charge for the Brisket) and they managed to make what should have been fantastic into a disappointment, I can't see why I would go back.

Maybe it's not on the barbers, it's just on the people they attract. People with no common sense.Can't review this place low enough.. Just wasted 1 hour of my life!! A guy with NO HAIR took an hour to finish.. While there is 10 people waiting!! They need stop looking at the tv and stretching the neck bands AND actually get to work!! All reviews show 4-6 hour wait UnbelievableIm reviewing for this particular visit...  The guys and atmosphere are great never a down in that but my Bf and son had to wait over 2 hours for a cut. The wait was long enough for me to say screw getting my son's cut and I let my guy wait for his...  His total wait time was a little over 3 hours and he only had 4 people ahead of him excluding those already in the chair, I respect the fact that they take time to do everything right and make sure their clients are taken care of but geez 3 hours Is still quite some time we have never had to wait this long to get their hair cut before with them... I just hope they take into consideration that there should be an even ground between wait time and time in the chairThis place is terrible!!! We are visiting from out of town and my husband needed a haircut. So we decided to give this place a try. My son and I waited in the car. The shop didn't look very busy so we figured it wouldn't be a long wait. Well we were wrong. My husband waited for 30 minutes only to be told that they only took appointments today. Why would you let someone wait? Common curtesy would be to have said that the moment my husband walked in. So rude!!!I didn't had a appointment but called the shop before I walked in and they said it's fine and that somebody would take care of me soon, I was waiting for 40min before I left and nobody said ShitWent in for a quick shave. Got nicked in multiple places, some so badly that my wife found blood on her later that day when we were kissing. Maybe their hair cuts and beard trims are better, but for a clean shave, go elsewhere.Hidden fees. Came in for a beard shave. Barber gives me a quote and an appointment for an hour later. Came in promptly and got the shave. At the end the barber asks for almost double the quoted amount because he penciled me in. Never coming back. DishonestWas not impressed what so ever with Serenity. There staff said they would fit me in for a pedicure and I ended up leaving after a 40 minute wait. The staff seemed like they were trying to fit in to many people at one time. As well I was watching the way they treated a lady in a wheelchair getting her nails and in my professional opinion it was unacceptable. They were very demeaning and were talking in there native language and laughing as if it was at her. Not impressed.I wouldn't even give this place one star. Went here for a pedicure and left extremely unhappy.  The gal had me soaking in the chair for 25 minutes before even beginning, and also had the nerve to leave me mid job to go do an eyebrow wax. Needless to say, she didn't get a tip. I recommend not going and I won't be back. Shitty service and employees.Called to get in on a Wednesday because  my nails lifted 4 days after my appt.  Was told they were too busy to get me in. I get gel every time and tip well.  Similar situation happened several years ago and I stopped going here for two years.  They don't take good care of their ongoing regular customers.Today my best friend and I went to serenity nails at 1pm. They sat us down immediately. The entire place stunk of someone's lunch. They began to fill the pedicure tubs and when we asked for it to be warmer one woman began scooping the water out (while on her cell phone and chewing with her mouth open) we sat with the running water and nobody to turn it off for 8 minutes until it began to overflow. In which we recorded this embarresment of a "salon" proceeded to put on our shoes and leave. The blue pedicure water covered half of the back salon and at one point another man doing a manicure stood up, observed the mess all over the flow and sat back down to the manicure lol! If I could stand on the corner directing people just a block down to Dream nails I would pay them not to step foot in this facility. What a joke!This place is horrible very unprofessional I asked the nail tech to please clean the polish off of my skin  he was annoyed by that begin speaking his language and they all looked at me the energy there is Very negative I went to get a full set and pedicure I could have done what I got Trash lumpy acrylic and messy gel polish all they do is talk to one another ,Eat, Text or talk on their cell phones  and have the nerve to frown at the customer that's only requesting a Good  Job I paid 63.00 for horrible service I will never go there again they do not believe in satisfying their customers and it stinksThis is the worst salon I've ever been to!!! I went for a pedicure and a fill. The pedicure is $23 I sat in the spa chair for 45 minutes before they came to me, then the lady that did my pedicure worked like she didn't even want to do it she was very lazy she barely touched my cuticles, she filled my toes the improper way, she barley did anything and as for the polishing, she suck at polishing then she's whispering in the next manicurist ears being secretive which was very rude, she also kept trying to talk me out of getting a fill and thought that I should just take my acrylic off and get gel or just regular polish, then she leaned more towards me just getting regular polish only, then I was told that I didn't have to pay for the soak off that she insisted that I get and when I get to the cashier my bill was $28 I am very dissatisfied with the work and service this salon has to offer and I will not at all recommend anyone to waste their time and money here. $28 down the drain for nothing and YES I could've done a way better job than that lazy ass bitch in there! My feet literally feels like I went in there for just a polish that I could've done on my own. So now my nails aren't done at all and my toes look like it's poorly painted!!I been waiting over a hour and a half for a fill without Polish. They have a sign in list for what they dont even go by it. The receptionist just told me it's another 20 minutes. Freaking unbelievable how unprofessional. This will be my last time ever coming here. I wouldn't even give them 1 starSuch slow service. They repeatedly tell you "it's going to be about 20 minutes" when you sit and wait longer than twenty minutes. I'm tired of constantly waiting 40-60 minutes just to get my nails done. Never coming here again.Okay,  obviously anyone who likes this place isn't a native Arizonan who knows what real Mexican food is!  First indication that it was not going to be great was the salsa tasted like it came from a jar.   We ordered a quesadilla which was pretty good,  however the "guacamole" was basically pureed avocados.   I ordered the pork green chili burrito with green chili sauce and cheese on top, which was actually pretty good and the pork was really tender.   The rest of the food lacked something to be desired.  We also discovered a hair in the chips, and then when my daughter got her food,  she found a hair in it as well!  When we told the waitress about the hair,  instead of refunding us for the meal,  she gave us $10 in a gift card, which is worthless since we won't be eating there again.Went there on Saturday night due to a friends recommendation. Went there with my family and was told immediately that they were closed. Kind of weird that at 7:55 PM on a Saturday they were closing especially when people were ordering at the counter.  I have worked in restaurants all my life and understand that people want to go home but a little surprised that if I get there while they're still they did not want to take my money.  Disappointed.Oh Yelp, you VERY RARELY let me down. How you have misguided me! This place has 4 stars!?!? In Arizona!? Bless their hearts, they tried. Beans tasted fake, salty, and microwaved to molten hot pocket lava status. Tortilla was disgusting, and far from authentic. I don't understand these reviews. IS THIS REAL LIFE?!? I am Hispanic, so I am critical of Mexican food, but still, don't tease me Yelp!!Nice food and nice intimate coffee shop although a bit too claustrophobic when crowded. What lets this place down is the snotty stuck up waitresses standing around not doing much who think it's appropriate to stand and glare at you, laughing and making remarks in their native language instead of offering assistance. I walked out as they made me feel so uncomfortable. I live just round the corner and sometimes pop in for a sandwich or a cake but certainly won't be back after that experience. You'll get a better, warmer/friendlier reception a few doors down the road at Rock Salt, I'll continue going there and taking my friends/family, at least the staff their don't look down their noses at you as if they're better.Worst pedicure EVER!!!  Cut my cuticles and I have several literal cuts on my toes - scabbing has begun .  The language barrier was impossible.  Instead of a $60 Rose Petal pedicure - I had them stop at the nail trim, put polish on and just plain STOP.  Cost me $21 dollars to get out of there.  Seriously wonder if the young girl had any type of license- there were certainly none on display.Too many other great nail salons to have great experiences.If you don't speak their native language, i seriously WARN you.Terrible service , me and my daughter went there was told 5-10 minutes waiting 20 min later still waiting than they wrre taking other people that just walked in, not clean!My daughter and I had the deluxe mani with paraffin wax and Callus remover.  I've been to several different salons and this was the second time here..place is very clean and the wait was only about 10 minutes.  This older woman walked up and waived me over and pointed to a chair...(no greeting or any conversation).  Once seated,  I placed my feet in the water and it was not even warm (brrr).  I made a comment and the technician (older woman)went right to work trimming my nails...usually they let your feet soak for quite a few minutes. When she stopped cutting an filing.  The nails were cut at an angle with little rough spots..I pointed this out and she filed again...still rough looking..my daughter had the same experience.  She handed me a menu and I pointed to what I wanted.  She hurried through the callus remover and she removed the paraffin wax while it was still hot??? When done with the French tip.she put my sandals on and walked off.  The person that was helping my daughter asked how we were going to pay.  The whole thing was $73 for both of us (without tip).  Not a single greeting or thank you for coming in.  When we got outside, I noticed that the white tips on both big toes were crooked and there was a spot where the white polish had been smudged and polished over with clear...I didn't bother going back in for a correction...won't be returning...also, not sure what was up, but the entire time we were there, the woman who worked at the first station by the door, kept getting up and strutting back and forth through the the place wearing a see through blouse, shortie shorts and lucite stilettos like a prostitute on Van Buren St.Horrible customer service...rude is an understatement!! I had my eyebrows permanently done, she messed up the shape then blamed me for it, saying that's what i wanted...how could i want something i can't see while she's doing it. It's now time to go back for the touch- up but she won't make an appointment that's feasible pushing me out week at a time. NEVER GET PERMANENT MAKE UP HERE...SPEND THE MONEY N GO TO PROFESSIONAL.After a movie I was passing by this place and decided to check out the menu. Slices were just a couple bucks so I picked out a slice as did my wife. Bad news was they only even had 2 slices left. The pizza was so disgusting. I took one bite and then made the terrible mistake of taking a second bite. I went quickly to a trash can and threw it out. The pizza slice was like cardboard and what the heck that cheese really was is beyond me. I have had frozen frozen pizzas that were way better. They had not much out to chose from even thought they had a menu with several specials. The customer ahead of me tried to order a sandwich and they said they were out of something needed to make it and then I'm stuck choosing a slice of sausage that looks petrified because all the other trays were empty. I asked the dude working if they had any pizzas coming out of the oven and he said they didn't. Why are you open if you have no food? I'll pass in the future.I have had some pretty tasty pizza from casinos, so I was all for trying this place. They have different menu options, but are known for the pizza by the slice they sell. The cheese slices were $1.99 each and that's fair. What's not fair is how the pizza looks and tastes. They had several pizza trays out yet hardly any pizza to choose from. I am a cheese pizza kind of girl, so I asked for the last slice of cheese they had out. The guy working seemed bothered that a customer would dare come in and order anything and upset that he had to be at work. I just didn't care for the whole experience at all. I was going to eat inside, but after the way the guy working made me feel, I asked for it to-go. The pizza didn't look any better after being reheated. I ate maybe half of it and then just couldn't take the nasty taste anymore. The pizza slice here reminded me of the type I had from the snack bar at the roller skating rink I went to when I was younger and I didn't like it then either. This place just didn't cut it for me.Haven't written a yelp review in a really long time.  The customer service at Bluebird Kitchen warranted it.   The food was amazing, exceptional.  The young man working the cash register was seriously afflicted with an unacceptable attitude.  Enough so, that even though I am craving the food, I will not return.  LIke Ever.  Disappointing that so much care and effort are put into the food only to be ruined by a little twit with an attitude.   It matters.Overpriced salads that are often soggy!  I don't know what the problem is here, but the salad are always bowls full of half-rotted lettuce and hardly any "fixins."  $10 is too much to pay for this sad veggie option.  The soups are great, and I think it's one of the better cups of coffee in the city.  (Plus, the folks at the Stanwix store are soooo nice and don't have the attitude you find at the Market Square location).  I just wish they'd get it together on the salad front....because the greens are gross.I keep trying this place, hoping it could get better but it hasn't yet. I've had so many items and they are all just ok. Two weeks ago I went in for a breakfast sandwich and after a 15 minute wait I finally got my sandwich. When I went to office and unwrapped my breakfast, I saw 1 egg, covered in pepper (so much that it looked like cigarette ash), with LETTUCE AND TOMATO and the smallest little piece of cheese. Now waiting for 16 minutes wasn't great but getting LETTUCE and TOMATO on a breakfast sandwich?? I didn't ask for lettuce and tomato and this isn't listed on the menu. Why would it be? And all the pepper and the tiniest bit of cheese?? I will pay for quality, freshly made food and I'll even tolerate so-so service but I can't deal with really terrible food. I will say the Stanwix store is so much better. I only go to that location and only get the granola which is amazing.The food is typically great.  The service today was terrible.  I waited over 15 minutes for a simple off the menu sandwich while the shop was essentially empty.  After multiple inquiries, I finally left without lunch as no time remained.  The staff were doing anything but waiting on customers.  This was a favorite lunch spot but I won't be back .Not the best service...food was disappointing...we went there on a recommendation we were in town from California. .I don't particularly recommend going there for breakfast. Can't speak about lunch.I had such high hopes for this place. I Arrived at 10:40 am and was told it is between lunch and breakfast therefore only the pastries and drinks are available. Breakfast service had just stopped and lunch would start at 11. Oh well, I said and ordered a cappucino. It's the sloppiest cappuccino I've ever been served. Maybe they're just new? I asked them how long they'd been open-- 3 years. I won't be returning.Tried to have dinner here on a Sunday at around 7pm, it was closed.  Although it did say that they were open till 11.  BOOOOOOOmg... This place is so shady! They changed my review from a 1star to a 5 star. They completely changed what I said. This place is horrendous. They said I enjoyed the meal but in reality. I threw them away. How does yelp let them do this? Let me reiterate what I said. The chicken pad Thai tasted like ketchup. The won ton soup aka "anything but wonton soup" was so salty that it reminded my wife of the ocean. Also, there was a hair in our food. The Mongolian beef was so rubbery that i thought I was eating kalamari. let's see if they will change this too, compare this to Michael t' s comments. Completely different stories. Another thing they changed was the price comment. You definitely do not get a lot of food for the expensive price. I hope this stays up so people know the truth!Ok so i decided to give this place a try.  This place is horrible! There were 3-4 servers, barely anyone in there and It took 15 mins for someone to take our drink order.  The baked pork chop in portugese sauce is nasty.  The milk tea is watery.  The noodles are just ok.  Eggrolls super plain nothing to be excited about.  I would rather drive to chinatown.  Ive never been so dissapointed in a resturant before.Ate here a few times when they first opened and the food was OK.  It was a nice change of pace from the other restaurants near my school so I really wanted to like the up-and-coming asian fuzion restaurant.The past 3 times I wanted to eat here, THEY WERE ALWAYS CLOSED for some reason.  Their hours on Yelp and on their websites are clearly stated, but they always close early!  It's really a bummer when you think a place closes at 10p and you call to order take out over an hour before they are set to close and no one picks up a phone.  Very disappointing and management should definitely look into stable hours.  They've only been open for less than a year but if things keep going as they are,  sadly this restaurant will to fall by the wayside.the outside appearance is a total dump. heavy weeds, overgrown palm tree, tells me what the inside must run like, wont catch me thereI had been wondering what was going on with this business since every time I passed by they were closed with no explanation.  Wonder no more.  The 'curse' of this location is in full force and by the look of the piles of booths outside and the frenzy of workers dragging things to the parking lot, they didn't make it.They close it noooooooooooo!Do not go to this restaurant if you care about customer service. The place was empty and the service was horrid. We walked out and will NEVER returnLOL! Just logged in and realized this review never posted from back in December 2012!  Oh, well. Better late than never!  :D First off, I didn't want to give these guys even one star. They are that bad. But since I was forced to choose one, I did. So here is my review:  Atrocious! This place has the worst service I've experienced in my life. It took them so long to take our initial order. My friend asked for beef noodle soup, not spicy and without the meat that comes with it normally. They brought out her soup and it was beyond spicy. We asked the waitress if her soup could please be replaced by something similar but less spicy. The waitress suggested the Pho combo, minus the meat and my friend agreed. Twenty minutes later, they still had not brought her food and had obviously and intentionally ignored us. My boyfriend then went over to talk to one of the waitresses who was helping us to ask what was going on. This was when the waitress told us that she had canceled the replacement order because they don't do "substitutions". Um, how is an order of Pho, minus the meat that normally comes with it, a substitution?? And why wouldn't you tell my friend that the order had been  canceled or ask if she wanted to order something else?? When we asked the waitress this question, she said, "We have the right to refuse service!" What a psycho! She never told us that the order had been canceled and that she wasn't even willing to serve us any longer. Her husband then came out of the kitchen and chased us out of the restaurant and other patrons who may have been relatives of the staff followed us out and threatened us in the parking lot. One patron got right in my face and would not back away till my boyfriend told him to back up. This was just a horrible experience. Very unprofessional. Not that it matters because I wouldn't recommend going there ever but the food, although not actually authentic, is actually tasty.Very over rated last couple years I been. Very over priced and not a lot to do. Same vendors and products so seems like it's the same ol same every year. Not a lot for kids to do. Food trucks are a joke. Service stinks. Food stinks. And very over priced for the food you get.Sucks!!!  Drove there long waiting for parking. Once in we were told No Dogs!! Rudely. I have a tiny blind beagle it is a therapy dog for me. Holds my anxiety down. It is an outside totally festival. Just to let the snobs in fort Mill know. Most dogs are better behaved than their unruly spoiled children!!It's a sad day when you leave a "bike warehouse" without a bike due to costumer service. We met Nick inside and he was ready to help (as he said). I was very specific about a very inexpensive price range (40-50 dollars). I had seen ads on craigslist for their store for bikes in this price range. Nick said, "all those bikes are out here" - meaning in the back outside. For about 45 minutes of testing those out, I had decided on one particular bike. The price was then quoted at 100.00 and Nick said it was a mistake for that bike to be placed outside. Okay. Fair enough, there were about a dozen other bikes that I was shown that fell into my requested price range. After a few more test drives, I found another one and said I liked it. Their price for this bike, 200.00, and again was mistake for it to be outside. Nick kept placing calls to "the banker" and apparently had no authority to sell a bike without speaking to someone off-site. It was very disappointing and we ended up leaving the store with a bad taste in our mouths.So I took my son into this shop earlier it's a really nice shop a lot of excellent parts very quick estimates for fixing my son's bike at a very fair price, all though I did have 2 major problems with one of the young mechanics named Glen who was working on my son's bike. First he looked stoned out of his mind,  2nd he was very rude and impolite to my son when he was just asking for advice and asking what kind of "set up"  the young man has on his bike,  he had the audacity of calling him a few names and telling him that what he was talking about was gay and stupid,  my son is 14 years old and very polite and well mannered and does not deserve to be talked down at all. My son and I will not be returning to this store due to the poor management of employee moral values. That is not how you treat a customer, let alone a child! Very disappointed in this shop.It's no wonder the first reviewer was just a friend; I question if all the others are too. The $3000 plus minimum retainer will probably get you nothing useful from their so-called service. What a waste of my money that would be, and not worth it once I got to know these people. The lawyers were full of themselves, egotistical and not genuine at all. Maybe that's just how most lawyers are but I would never want to deal with fake people. The one paralegal was nice enough but I could not stand either of the guys. One was on the short side and I definitely got a Napoleon complex vibe from him. I'm not certain who it was talking but I walked in and just barely overheard the very end of a phone conversation; a cuss was directed at the person after hanging up. It was short & sweet - something like **** you too. I guess the other party bothered to argue back or something, who knows. And of course, everybody cusses, but talk about unprofessional. Definitely the kind of people who would take your money, barely do anything and not think twice. Their abilities appear average but their attitudes are extremely lacking. I would never go here or trust these unlikeable people. They dripped insincerity and seem to think quite highly of themselves too...undeservedly so.I must say that I was very disappointed with the manager and the owner. I had gone to another salon and had my hair colored but they did not do the color that I requested do I went to this salon only because I have had the stylist do my hair before and she now worked here. I was quoted a price via a text. So I drove the 35 minutes to get there. Only to find out that the new receptionist called the manager and the owner and told them that the stylist charged us a lot more money and pocketed it. They out right accused her of stealing based on the lies of the receptionist.  Seriously,  it that how you run a business. I understood that what I say will mean nothing to you but karma will find its way to return the favor. Shelby is a great stylist and your false accusations will come at a cost to your business. Shame on you! That receptionist should be terminated for lying.I visited this salon last Friday and was pretty nervous! I have had the spray tans before from the both but never on from a person. My fears worsened when I met the woman to give me my tan. She look like she has took a shower in the tanner... I am not sure where her eyebrows ended and where her tan began. I asked for a light to medium tan for a photo shoot I was doing. I walked out a little worried because it was a little splotchy. It gradually got darker and darker throughout the day and when i woke up the next day i looked black. I had dark spot on my stomach and she did not move the disposable undies to get an even tan all over so I had a white strip down my crack and around my hips. I was told the tan would last 7-10 days if i used the proper products and took care of it. It is Wednesday and my tan is gone in most spots and my legs now look like giraffe print... I drove a long way to come to this place because of there good reviews and a friends recommendation. I will NEVER go back.Lets hope my Photographer is good at Photoshop.Morning, I received the worse tan, embarrassed to show anything except my hands and face   I've been coming to designer shades for years ever since it changed hands it just hasn't been The same. I got a tan last Friday the worst tan I've ever thought I would look good in shorts, dresses and  sleeveless shirts... Instead I am stuck in long pants and longsleeved shirt for the last week....  It's embarrassing to look the way I do!!!!   !To make matters worse I called indicating that my tan was so bad and left a message for Designer Shades to call me to see if there's anything I can do to fix it, never heard from anyone. It's really too bad the original sister that owns that took a lot of pride. If you want to look like a freak show the dark spots everywhere elbows, ankles feet hands and white lines on your butt because they didn't spray correctly this is a place for youI dont like to bash places like this but I'm sorry.. I tried to call this place three days in a row with the phone just ringing for 5 mins and no answer. I am not sure what the deal is with this location but they need to clean house and get new employees in this place. Then when I tried to talk to somoene about the issue he said that only one person in the whole building answers the phone, the other employees do if they want to but they don't. SMH not to mention I stood in line for 15 mintues because only one window was open, while the other guy took care of stuff that could have waited.Well it would have been nice if it was open when it said it would be open... My cousin was really looking forward to it too.Pro:  location Con:  lack of integrity, slick sales tactics.Mechanically speaking, volvo's don't age well and repairs can get unruly on the wallet.    The fix-it list they gave us was refuted by a couple of their competitors saving us over $2k.   Punch line:  shop around for your volvo service, get at least 3 opinions.   We found that it's well worth the effort/hassle.Stay away from Volvo of Phoenix at all cost.  This dealership is a nest of unethical scam artists.  They are either hyper-incompetent or disingenuous scam artists.  Either way, spend your hard earned money elsewhere. They lied to me and my wife, then lied to cover up their lie, then made excuses to cover up their lies.  I called them out on it and they made even more excuses.  Volvo of Phoenix is the perfect example of why the public HATES car dealerships.  If you're a failure at everything in life... you can always go get a job at Volvo of Phoenix.  Nothing but unethical behavior here.These guys belong on VanBuren.  I would question the five star ratings from other Yelpers... Must be the salesmen providing their own reviews. Horrible.I had a good service with snacks in the morning I went in for a refinance notice for my vehicle but I ended up trading it up and could not return it they don't have a 3 day cool off. I asked a few times if they could take back the car or some of the warranties I got and they denied me anything so Im just really disappointed.Just left Volvo of Phoenix. Meet with Finance DirectorVan  to have tire assure, zaktek interior and MPP ( Mechanical Protection Plan) Removed within 30 days of vehicle purchase. Also talked with  Sales Director Arron help follow up with removal of all these. Arron assured me Michelle in the warranty department will take care of getting everything returned.Arron said he will let me know when everything is filed to the warranty companies. I purchased the car 8/27/2014. I will follow up to let everyone know how it's going. I will provide an updated star rating after I hear all is filed.Today, I called them on an advertised price on Autotrader for a Fiat 500 Abarth, listed at $7,900. They would not honor that price because they tell me the new Owners are advertising used car prices without having any intention to sell those cars at that price (The finance guy called me to tell me this and wouldn't even let me get a word in edge wise as he apologized on behalf of the owners). If you're reading this review in October of 2015, just go to Autotrader and look up this car and try to buy it.Classic sleazy deceptive used car tactics at what used to be a reputable dealership. I assume from here on out there will be many 1 star reviews coming out of this outfit.Volvo provided great service for my car until they received a less than favorable survey result from Volvo    North America. Brian presented me with a hard copy during my fifth visit over the course of four months for the same problem.  It should be noted that I had been taking my car to this dealer for six years and during my last visit was treated as though I had no history of trusting them with my vehicle. I called Volvo North America to express my dissatisfaction of their process to provide feedback as a target for this dealer to use it as a means to harass me.  The consumer should not have their comments exposed.  It proved in this case to severe a six year relationship.  Incidentally the issue with my car was resolved during the last visit.  I may forget what they said but will never forget how they made me feel.I had been getting my car serviced at Tempe Volvo, but a recent move out me closer to Volvo of Phoenix. I came in for an oil change, let them talk me into the 60k service for almost $400. Then when completing the vehicle inspection they found about $3k worth of things that needed fixing asap that somehow were not an issue 6 months ago when I brought it to Tempe.They wanted to replace my brand new windshield wipers, a cracked radiator reservoir that is definitely not cracked and a host of other "issues". I'm only surprised they didn't try to convince me to change my headlight fluid. I'll drive an hour to go to Tempe. They are honest and have much better prices.I'm so disappointed with this dealer. I took my Volvo in because it was making incredibly loud noises at any speed.  It's a 2014 xc60. After three hours waiting, I was told that they had rotated the tires and found nothing wrong with the car. Additionally they added that the noise was to be expected for "a car of this age".  Thankfully we had the wherewithal to take it to Tempe where they miraculously discovered that the wheel bearings were broken, nor had the wheels been rotated.  I will NEVER go back to Volvo of Phoenix. The service is subpar and clearly they have no objection to allowing something that could be life threatening slide by.  Not only is this unacceptable, but UNETHICAL.  If you own a Volvo, make sure to take it to Tempe.  It could quite literally save your life. #neveragainphoenixvolvoLobby bar bartenders are rude. Two bartenders ignored us for 5+ minutes. We tried to get they're attention and when they made eye contact with us, they made no sign that they had seen us. We finally just decided to leave. There is no excuse for rude service.hit this bar twice.  The second time, the bartender didn't even put alcohol in our Long Island Ice Teas. What in the world is that?Please fire all bartenders here! To make any mixed drink without alcohol is unacceptable. That is straight robbing people for their money.  Didn't finish our drinks, didn't leave a tip, didn't think twice.Wish I could give less than 1 star!!! #1 SERVICE SUCKS. Since it was next to our elevator we decided to try it out. We never got service. Bartender saw us and began chit chatting away with the server. We sat for 10-15 minutes and no service.Worst bar in Vegas they literally use a 1/4 of an oz of any Alcohol in your drink that's literally just a spit. I ordered a bloody marry I got a 4oz glass full of ice a 1/4 of vodka and all tomato juice he claimed it was premix but WTF 10 bucks for 4oz drink all ice and tomato juice.* The sandwiches are expensive--this is an airport location, after all. But they're small, and they include no extras, so you're getting screwed a little more than you think you are.

After all "Dreams become active, which in turn, become dreams..." It was philosophy 101...Rick said he made his dream come true. I still can't bare to actually look at the picture we took with him without the VIP tickets, because it's a little eerie. Those pants were too tight hunny!Terrible waste of money.  He was extremely cheesy, breathing very hard trying to catch his breathe all the time and we can actually see the tricks so that it wasn't magic at all. There's only 1 trick with a tiger.  He was also really rough on the children volunteers, it looked like he could possibly break their necks.  Lesson learned, there's a very good reason why the show is very cheap.I'm so sad to have to write such a horrible review. But the office manager Kendall is the rudest most inappropriate nasty person I've ever had to deal with esp at a pediatric dr. If you are going to have a job where you work with children and their parents you should have  a good attitude and good customer service. I'm not an exaggerative person, but this was the rudest I've ever been treated in my life and in front of my poor sweet little girl who was strapped down to a table partially sedated. What an inappropriate time for a billing person to come in and start nastily asking about billing! I already did everything I needed to as far as signing paperwork or paying but she heard that I was upset about the bill consistently being higher than what I'm told it will be. That's ridiculous. I shouldn't have to be told I have to pay one amount out of pocket and then each time I come they happen to be wrong and I get billed more! It's just completely unacceptable for them to be so inaccurate with billing even when no changes are made to the work. Regardless of that I asked her to leave the room several times and instead of leaving she started getting so defensive, calling me a liar, telling me I'm a horrible mother for not bringing my daughter in sooner to finish work. Telling me I better sit down and can't be next to my daughter during procedure. I mean this was a nasty vengeful human being. And over what I don't even know. What I do know is that the dr a amazing, the women in back are amazing. But this woman being the office manager ruins the entire experience and the dr should be ashamed of her behavior and having staff like that treating his customers like that. Just terrible. Point is if you want to deal with an issue with a patient...don't you dare come in room where my daughter is already knocked out and attached to machines and I'm emotionally dealing with my daughters welling being, and start talking to me and getting aggressive and nasty and agitating me at that time and place. You just can't be so unprofessional when you are an office manager. She should have known better. And honestly if it was the first time she was nasty....but it wasn't. And not just to me. Other patients I've spoken with all agree the dr is great and other staff is great but that office manager has got to go. Any person who's just a decent kind human being would be better qualified.Dana Bairen operates her business from a narcissistic standpoint. In other words, she will judge you, and if she judges you negatively, she'll refuse to treat you. My brief time in her practice reminded me of being a high school clique -- if you're in, all is well. But if there is a problem -- say, treatment is not working, or if you request t a refund  -- then you're not  part of the "in crowd" anymore and she denies you treatment. I remember, early on when I'd just discovered her practice, she told me about a client who was "high maintenance" and  she "just couldn't take it anymore," so she told him to find another acupuncturist.  "Gee, Dana," I said, "I hope you don't refuse treatment for me someday." "Oh, I wouldn't do that," she replied, "you're so sweet." But my comment proved to be prescient, for she did boot me out of her practice ultimately and refused to treat me. I can't emphasize enough how narcissistic she is, and how contrary that is to the principle of healing and the Hippocratic Oath. Ultimately, you should not be in the Healing Professions if you live to pass judgement on others.Seriously?! $60 later my family still has empty belly's because their food was so terrible. We left all 3 of our plates full on the table. The presentation was sloppy & the taste left little to be desired. I would hardly consider their food authentic italian. Its a good slogan though. Honestly their food is more like over priced & overcooked slop. When we spoke to the owner about our food we were insulted & told that we don't know good food. My husband ordered lasagna, my son spaghetti, & I ordered the gnocchi based off of the snobby waitresses recommendation who said I would not be disappointed. She promised. The owner did nothing to resolve the situation. I would not recommend this overpriced, pretentious, dump to ANYONE.One word..."Ewww".... It seems typical that americans think garbage is authentic italian cuisine .... just sad.....Italian is truly amazing, when done right, and clearly at first bite, this place doesn't....Anyone who is "truly" italian, or has traveled there abroad, would Never recommend this place (let alone give it 4 stars).... bc it would be like recommending "Taco bell" as great or authentic mexican....However, the staff was extremely friendly, and the atmosphere was okay.... so i will give 1 starStuffy, pretentious and not even close to delicious. Went there for dinner.  Got seated in the dining room as far away from every other customer.  Only to be neglected for 10 mins before seeing a server.  The food came. Mushroom app was disgusting and chewy.  Pasta Sauce was bland.  Wife and I split our meal because we eat small portions.  Server brought bread plates to share with.  Not sure plates get any smaller.  Really?  Maybe dishwasher was on vacation.  Would not recommend this place to unless you really like the smell of stale seafood, because the restaurant smells like the belly of a fishing boat.Went there several weeks ago. I was not impressed. Food was bland, over priced.  Will not return. The evening we went the place was dead.

They brought my car around and left it running as I got into it and began my trip home, about 2 miles away.

(if you're gonna treat me & my bags like trash then don't do it in front of me at least),to the irritated looking guy scanning our boarding passes, to the stewardess attitude, excessive uncomfortableness & freezing temperature of the plane ride, to the broken intercom on the plane. Everything clearly hates their job with this company & must not be getting treated well. I'm sorry that the United Corporate must be so bad to them that their employees can't even pretend to like their job anymore. I will probably never try this airline company again. If TSA was the most helpful & kind person during your trip, then there's something going on, right? Haha.OMG!  My girlfriend is too nice to write a review of the horrible experience that she is having today, so I am writing it for her.  I just cannot believe the behavior of a major airline and their horrific service. My girlfriend planned a short vacation for herself and 2 children to see Mount Rushmore.  She used Travelocity, which offered the United transportation.  They were supposed to leave at 6:15 AM this morning from McCarran Airport, but the flight was cancelled.  Why?  She was told that the flight crew was tired and needed to rest.  (Maybe call in another crew?)  So, she had to go to the ticket counter where there was an enormous line.  She stood in line for 4 hours!  Hear that, 4 hours!  And no one cared or once apologized.  Get this, during that time, one of the 2 agents left for a break.  When the agent returned, a person started applauding, which was followed by other applauding.  Know what happened?  The agent told them to settle down or she was going to call the police!  Someone said that they were just happy that there would be 2 lines and were clapping, and she threatened the crowd again!  Is this a foreign country?!  Are we still in the USA?!

When me and my friend signed up, the manager (Raul 7674) didn't tell us about 2 YEAR CONTRACT. So now we want to close the membership need pay almost close to $800.

We found a salesman who looked on the computer and found that they did not have the dresser in stock, but had a larger one in the same style.

I called them to cancel and they gave me a 1800 number. Sounds simple right?Wrong!

I asked the lady if they had a copier i could use? she then ask me if i had a debit card i said i have cash,she said that i need to load it on to the fedex machine card and that she was not at liberty to help me! i than asked well who is? she said No one!! then she said i'll make a copy for you.  A customer walked in for a pick up and she begins to help her instead and blamed me that i had to wait because i didn't know how to use the fedex card, i wasn't even complaining about waiting. she says to me i'll give you the copies for free that's when i said to her considering you're attitude? but i bet she never heard me say that since she kept talking over me. I asked if they sell envelops? she wouldn't even show me where they were she just pointed and said somewhere over there. I also asked if they sell stamps she said no i asked her if she had a problem with me? She said no im just telling you we don't sell stamps, i said ok lourie or however she spells it.I grab my copies and walked out.  Terrible customer service and bad attitude! Lourie i suggest you retire or quit this job or fedex needs to fire you. Not a nice person at all!Would be no stars at this location. Horrible customer service. Told me to go to the location that is already familiar with my order, which is 3 miles away and less convenient. The employees were just standing around and place had 1 other customer. Recommend any other place. The one in Town and Country on Camelback and 20th St is great.After moving back to the area from Cali I needed somewhere  to get my acrylics done. I usually like to get some kind of design or unique tips. After walking in I saw some tips I liked so I decided to try out this place. The first visit was bad the nail tech would not listen to the length of nails I was requesting and did a terrible job at shaping them. I always give people more than one chance so I went back and this time I got a pedicure first then the nail tech left the salon and I sat near the dryer for 45  min before approaching the manager about the length of time I had been waiting for a fill. He replied unapologetically that the tech had to leave to pick up her son from school... I sat another 15 min before I was seen by someone else. They also did a poor job. I will not spend my money somewhere that they do not value their customers. Not to mention they did a crap job and were overpriced when it came to designs and tips with prints on them. Don't waste your time here.I've gone to this salon several times, but this last time was a real cluster*$%^. I went in for my usual mani-pedi. TWO women worked on my hands and feet at the same time!!!!!! I was uncomfortable stretching across the giant pedicure chair so that the lady on my left could paint my fingernails over the side of the arm rest. Based on my previous encounters at this salon, and the fact that the woman doing my manicure had done a great job many times before, I let the weird tag-team of my nails go on. I smiled and acted nice, but the nail polish was old, clumpy and had hair in it... Worst manicure of my life, and the pedicure wasn't much better. This happened on a rainy Friday afternoon a couple of weeks ago and I was one of four clients at the time. Basically, those ladies shared me like I was a sandwich, each getting a somewhat small tip instead of one of them receiving the usual 20%. Moral of this story is that I won't ever be going back and I will not recommend them to anyone!stopped here because i was in the area. boy was that a big mistake. i too had the guy, who i wonder why they let him touch people. he is horrible and the way he did the polish what a joke.but the worst part was that after the pedicure from a cut that developed my foot got infected and couldnt work or barely walk for 4 days.never again will i go back there.(giving one star is being nice)My mom and I had gone there before for a pedicure and they did a decent job so today we thought we would go back again for a pedicure, never again. My mom had a guy and I had some lady, when we went to put our feet in the water and  we both had to say our water was way too hot and they needed to cool it down. Neither of the people we had were very friendly, we barely go a hello out o feither them and never once got their names, the most they spoke to us was when they wanted to be paid and I'm pretty sure the lady doesn't speak much English.If you come in with a design idea, say from Pintrest, just forget asking them to do it. I showed the lady what design I wanted, it was something that I thought would be relatively simple, I just wanted the colors different from the photo, I had to explain exactly what I wanted, not a big deal but then she started doing it and it was already not looking right so I questioned it, and she seemed confused. The guy that was working on my moms toes had to tell her in another language what I wanted, she still fully didn't get it but she was trying. She was starting to finish up and asked me if I liked it, I did ask her to make one of the colors (the silver horizontal line going through all of my toes) more prominent, she did that, for the most part. Then she asked me if I liked it, it looked okay and she said she would fix it if I didn't like, I thought I could deal with it. Then I went to sit with my mom for our feet to dry and then we both got a closer look and they looked extremely sloppy. I probably could have done a better job. She asked if everything was okay and I told her they didn't look as good as I thought, the silver line I wanted was a big glob of glitter that was uneven. She said she would redo them, I ended up asking her to just do my toes one solid color. I told her at least three times which color I wanted and she picked up a different color and asked me if I wanted that one, the guy had to tell her which color I wanted. She kept apologizing to my mom and I. I went back to sit with my mom to dry my toes, no one ever said how long we needed to sit, or let us know when we could go they just walked off and left. I know they were busy but common courtesy goes along ways.I say they're fine if you want a basic pedicure with one color paint, if you want anything beyond that I would go elsewhere.I have gotten my nails done here a few times. Medocre work. Last time I went there they quoted me ten dollars less then what I paid. I asked for for an extra gel coat for white color and the nail girl charged me for both a full acrylic amd a gel manicure after quoting me a different price. I just paid the bill and vowed to never be back.

They actually do not honor what it says on the website, and they charge you for more money. It's regardless there is an event or not. I've posted my receipt if you want to see what I'm talking about.Bad business people.. False online advertisement on their own website!!This was absolutely the worst hotel experience I have ever had. They lied to me over the phone, guaranteeing a specific room type, then not providing that room type. Further, the 22-something "supervisor" essentially called me a liar because I could not provide a recording of the call and spoke to me in a very condescending manner.  They made no effort to fix their mistakes, and informed me if I wanted it switched the kind I reserved I would have to come tomorrow in a specific time frame that did not work with my meeting schedule.  I went through great lengths to be there at that time, and they took forever.  They finally put me in the correct room type--in a room with a broken toilet next to a room of Russians cursing loudly all night.  Security was called and did nothing.  Allegedly they sent someone to fix it the toilet, then "left a message" saying I would have to change rooms.  There was no message left and again they called me a liar despite that they could not pull up any message.  I had to change my room at 2am and the room they put me in smelled heavily of marijuana.  Their bell hop insisted he had to come into the room despite me being very uncomfortable granting an angry 50 year old man ranting about how he makes his money and union rules into my room.  When I brought it up with the front desk they dismissed my discomfort saying it was "industry practice" (it is NOT--in fact most hotels would prefer their employees not enter a room with a guest alone.)  Because I would not let the "gentleman" into my room after his aggressive response when I asked if I could load the cart myself and bring it out, I was refused any help with my bags.  When I checked out they refused to sign anything confirming no incidentals had been consumed, saying it was against policy.  Now I see additional and fraudulent charges on my bill.  The customer service at this hotel is the absolute worst I have ever encountered--in any country or hotel I have ever stayed at, including no stars, 1 star-5 star.  Look at other places to stay, and avoid the excruciating experience of dealing with condescending liars and fraudsters who try to cite "industry practices" and "laws" that do not exist.  This entire experience was disgusting and not only will I never stay at the Rio again, I will avoid all hotels under the same management.Awful experience! The maid or someone on staff who had access to my room stole a $200.00 pair of high hills from me, I filed a report with security and nothing was done. I was there for a conference and I heard of two other women that were there getting some items stollen out of their rooms. I will never stay there again. Lock all your stuff in the safe ;(The company I work for just had a convention at the Rio and 40 people all got sick with the stomach flu while staying there. I even ended up in urgent care and many had to leave the convention early. On top of this I had made a 2 room reservation a month before the trip and had paid extra to have 2 rooms next to each other only to have them tell me they gave my room away. After complaining to the supervisor about the health issue going on all he could say was "ill pass it along" are you kidding me?!! Oh and to go along with health issues there was blood splattered on the bathroom wall in my room. This was an aweful experience,  Ill never stay here again.If you don't smoke, don't stay here. One of the smokiest casinos if been in. What happened to the LV clean air act? When the A/C comes on in the room you can still get a strong whiff of smoke coming up from the casino. You won't find me coming back again.Where do I begin..... Took my fiancée here for her birthday weekend and her first time in Vegas.  My first time at the rio. Our first room was a " nonsmoking " room that reeked of cigarettes, and the shower had lime scale all over the shower head, and mildew in the grout. After complaining to the front desk, we got assigned a new room. Shortly after getting in bed, my fiancée started complaining about an itchy rash all over her legs. So in true hotel impossible style, I tore the bed apart looking for bugs. Didn't find any, but what I found was equally disgusting.  I found not 1 but 4 pubic hairs of neither of our hair colors and a nasty scab stuck to the sheet. Also, there was a puke filled ice bucket in the hall all day. When checkout time came, i told the manager on duty, requested a comp, and he said "sorry, no.  But thanks for telling us about it.  This will be the last time I stay at a harrah's entertainment property. I usually stay south strip and that's where I'll go next timeI stayed here because it was cheap, but was disappointed by a lot about it. There was mold around the bathtub. When I called to tell the front desk, in poor English I was told "We give you 'nother room."

I felt like sitting on an Delta Airbus after the main movie was over and everyone was heading to the restroom - sorry - again  if the show starts at 7:30 - i would recommend to not seat late arriving people until a "light break" ...  after i left i tried to get the Manager on Duty to regocnize the Problem, but the poor Lady was not "allowed" to offer any token of appreciation at all.

Arrive AT LEAST an hour and a half early.Advice to the airport:

Being a service adviser myself, that's poor business..I call the following day to ask the status, and I'm told "it's completed".We'll....did you ever plan on calling me? You had my business card with 3 phone numbers, an address, an e-mail, even a FAX would have been nice.Nevertheless, I was given my total, 620.00+ and a recommendation to have a new top-end put in.

Absolutely worst hotel/resort in Vegas.

Thunder and lightning not fun for kids under 5. Overall Review. SUPER overpriced. Horrible food. WIll NEVER go back.Chicken fried chicken almost gave me a stroke because it was so salty. Bad service and poor management.Terrible and overpriced!! Had to ask three people for a spoon, ketchup, and nobody came back.  Ordered a chopped salad...halfway through it, sans dressing because it was awful, I realized the chicken that seemed extra soft, had blood thT squished out of it when poked w fork. Told waiter, And his First response was ...let me go ask the chef about this!!! Elbe returned with my bloody chicken salad an place it down in front of me, informing me that he'd seen chicken do that at other restaurants in town, and the chef said it was fine to eat! Ummm WTF kind of morons do they hire???? He even charged us for the thing!!! I complained to manager and handed complaint cArd to him...and said we were not retiring! What a disappointment!I had never been to Rainforest Cafe and I'm glad that I got to try it because I love trying things at least once; however, this will also be my last time going there. We'll start from the beginning: The atmosphere was nice for the "jungle" but it was so loud that I could not hear my wife talking to me. I felt that I had to scream at her to talk. Our waitress was nice but didn't check on us often. We barely understood her either because she speak loud enough. We got our drinks (ten mins later) and my iced tea was good but my wife's chocolate shake was gross. Too much chocolate syrup and it was expensive!! We sent it back so she could get water another 10 mins later. Food delivery was quick and my burger was pretty good but it was plain and $12!! Jeez, so expensive for something so plain!!! I got onion rings for an extra few dollars (they were okay but worth the extra few $$$). My wife got an extra plate of fries and they were a few bucks but they didn't give her more than ten! I like the atmosphere of the restaurant and the theme but they are completely over priced!!!! Not worth it at all! The food was mediocre but left me sick that night. Not as amazing as I thought it would be after seeing it many times in Vegas...This was our 4th rainforest cafe we have visited. My son picked it for his 5th birthday dinner, worst rainforest expierence ever! Our waitress was very rude, our order was incorrect twice, and she kept making it worse, by screwing it up more, I didn't realize a plain cheeseburger was so hard! For a $200 bill I didn't realize we would have to beg so much for re-fills and correct food. My son enjoyed it, and at the end of the day that was what was important, however next year I'll talk him into something else!!I knew I didn't want to eat there when my family said they wanted to...

I will say that the head mover was a very nice man and I don't fault them.  They were working for Golden Eagle and only making a small pittance.  The owner  also agreed to reduce the charges after my husband came unglued...still it was $140.00 more than the original estimate.

Michele Frazier, Compliance Officer

Only a few people in restaurant with 4 people in kitchen and 2 in front behind counter.

Very dissatisfied and shame on me for coming here!!

Seriously, wake up a few minutes early and head over to the buffet at the Wynn which is only a short walk and twice the quality.Horrible service plus very expensive food. Restaurant was empty and it took a half an hour for a waiter to come and take our order for drinks. Would not recommend.We opted for the a la carte breakfast in lieu of the buffet.  We had a Lobster Crab Frittata $20, and a Bagel with Lox $17, and two cups of Coffee for $4 each.

But if you have a big appetite plan on ordering 2 or 3.Staff was super friendly but our order was served wrong and the food was just gross. Shakes were watery, burgers were salty and like eating a piece of beef jerky, fries & haystack tasted processed and again way too salty. Dropped a 30 spot for my family of four and  none of us finished our meals. Sorry Smash Burger, we won't be back.1. Worst service negative nasty woman behind counter. SOURPUSS FACE AND ATTITUDE.2. Cold smashfries and burger was cold.3. Got an attitude when asked for fresh food. Which was still lukewarm.4. Store was dirty. Kid working there walked around like a zombie.5. Heartburn from nasty food.6. Hopes the owner reads this. Islands is across the way. And yardhouse..One of the employees was very rude and told my husband " eating a salad- a guy like you doesn't look like he would a salad" implying my husband was over weight.The fries were stale and cold, and the drink was diluted. Will never return again....I'm upset that I have to give this business even 1 star. My bf and I had gone to eat arepas and seeing that this was the first time we ever saw this store open, decided to stop in. At first, the owner/mgr lady was great... friendly and helpful. Then, when I decided to make a purchase (of an item I'm sure I could find much cheaper online), things went south. I purchased a yelp deal of 50 for 75 and the owner refused to honor it. She kept saying that yelp did not have a connection with her bank account and that yelp doesn't charge me- that my credit card information is only taken so that a redemption code is provided to me so I can receive the deal. Mind you, I've purchased yelp deals before and my card has MOST DEFINITELY been charged. I called my credit card company and had them verbally tell her that it was a purchase I already made and that my card was being charged by yelp. However, because the charge was in a pending status she still kept arguing that I was not being charged and that she would give me the 50 for 75 deal but I would have to pay the 50 to her, when I had already paid it to Yelp.Also, throughout the whole time she kept pushing that I had to write a review to get any deal. Needless to say, I will not be purchasing anything from this business now or ever again and have already contacted yelp about her refusal to honor the deal and getting my money back. I will give her one thing though, she got her review.I love Chipotle's food and the fact that they are hormone-free in their ingredients. But I received the worst service at this location. When the employee refilled the salad lettuce, he spilled and replaced it back in the bowl and served it onto someone's salad. My sour cream had hair in it and the cashier was not attentive to my order, which led to an overpayment. The  employees' attitudes were very careless and a majority, not all, treated their customers with little respect. Very displeased with this location.Extremely disappointing service and inconsistent quality compared to other locations.  I ordered several meals online including one gluten free and arrived at the time it was supposed to be ready. I was told three of my meals were ready but that they wait for the person picking up a GF order to arrive before preparing it. Then I was told that  they are working on it "now." Even though their excuse made no sense, I believed it wouldn't be long since it wasn't a complicated order and tried to be understanding. I waited. Then was told "Sorry for the wait.  Have a free drink while you wait". I didn't want the drink. Then I was told again that they were working on it "now" and offered a free drink. A supervisor type complimented the crew saying "good job for getting through all those orders with only a GF order" left to do, as if keeping a GF order waiting is preferred. And the food quality was inconsistent with other locations.I love Chipotle and will continue to be a fan. However, this particular location is terrible. Shame on me for subjecting myself to it multiple times, but I guess I just wanted to believe they would do better. It has never once been consistent. Overly salty rice, over cooked meat, burnt tortillas and irregular portion sizes. Continual disappointment spooned onto every tortilla and into every bowl down the line. I like avacados, but when I ask for guacamole I expect to be given guacamole and not the whole avocado. Step up your game Dana Park Chipotle.Today was my first time visiting this location and I will not be back. I decided to try a different location because the Chipotle right by my house unfortunately has gone downhill. I don't know what is so hard about providing a consistent quality product but I am done trying and wasting my money. It's a shame because I was so happy to find a place that offered a vegetarian option (sofritas), and used non GMO ingredients! I have never visited a Chipotle in my life until I heard they were non GMO! I gave them a try and I was hooked, until recently...Today I ordered my usual, a burrito with sofritas. I got salsa, corn, and lettuce and when they went to put the lettuce on, it was seriously only a couple of pieces. Barely anything. Before I could say anything they wrapped up the burrito and I proceeded to pay. I also got chips with my order. When I got home, I unwrapped the burrito, I noticed it was wrapped with foil a second time. I began to unwrap the second piece of foil and noticed there was a pretty big tear in the tortilla. I understand this happens, it happened once before at a different location and the lady noticed it, and simply transferred the toppings to a new tortilla and re rolled it. I knew they noticed it this time as well because they wrapped it with foil twice to make sure it was secure. Glad I was home to eat this because it got messy! So as I'm attempting to eat my mangled burrito, I notice there isn't much of any toppings (I expected there to be not much lettuce because I saw how they put it on there), but all I was getting was mouthfuls of rice. A huge amount of rice and barely anything else! I am pretty frustrated that I wasted my money on a rice burrito! Also, I ordered tortilla chips and they were stale! Not the first time I've gotten stale chips from Chipotle, that's one of the reasons I decided to give another location a try. Such a waste of money! I will not be returning to this location and it might take some time for me to want to visit any Chipotle again.This location has always been one of my favorites up until my last visit. I went in on Tuesday night, ordered my burrito with white rice, steak, cheese, lettuce, and a little bit of the red sauce. I go sit down at my table and open my burrito to find there to be no cheese at all, the lettuce to be extremely soggy, dark, and terrible tasting, and the steak to be very fatty. I was going to complain and have them make a new burrito, but I figured they'd use ingredients from the same batch so it wasn't worth it.This is the location I usually go to because it is close to my house, but the service is always terrible! The employees act like there are no customers in line. Today, slow service as usual, gave the cashier my card, he ran it and handed over my card and food with receipt. As I'm walking out, he runs towards me yelling "sir, your card was declined!" The humiliation is normally pretty awful when that happens in general, but to have it announced throughout the restaurant really adds to the humiliation! I walked back to the register and he ran my card again and it worked just fine.  The professionalism at this location is completely gone, and as a result, they lost a longtime customer!I've been contemplating to review this place. I got a few tattoos from Lloyed (all the same day) very nice gentleman, but my art wasn't. I'm very unsatisfied with his work and his hand was so heavy, I've gotten tattooed before so I can say his hand was heavy on the art. My tattoo outline leaked out of the outline and not to mention he stated that all his tattoos need to have the black outline because the color will "leak without an outline or break" can't remember verbatim but basically it happened with the lady bugs he tatted. Mind you I was asking for tattoos without the black outline as I do have some without it which never leaked! (Ironically)

The price was $8 for each kid per hour, price was steep but I thought it was worth it if the kids had some fun.When we got to the car I noticed my son's shirt was wet down one whole side and when I asked what happened, they told me he had tried to get a drink by himself from a water fountain in the play area. When he got into his seat he made a grab for his sippy cup and to my surprise sucked it down alarmingly fast! I asked them what they ate for lunch and my oldest replied, "Nothing, we didn't eat anything."

I was there with my hubby on Friday night and noticed raw ship mixed in with the cold imitation crab.  Typically the imitation crab can be eaten cold.  My concern is that raw seafood cannot ever sit in a bowl of food that people are going to eat raw.  There is cross cantamition with this situation.  I pointed it out to the staff and a staff member pulled out the raw shrimp but left the crab for others to eat. I explained the situation to the Manager as I'm sure there is no harm intended but you have to educate your workers about cross contimation - I stick with tofu at this place.  Not one of my faves anymore - and the language coming from the cooks can make a Sailor blush - loud F bombs and I just chose not to hear that during a dinner that is meant to be relaxing.We used to come here before I went to work all the time because it was fast and healthy. Recently, the prices have gone way up and the device has gone down. I don't think we will ever come back and that's sad because we used to love this place. No one was in the restaurant and the girl refilling the veggies and meat was just standing there and my husband had to wait forever for sliced beef and I had to wait for tomatoes but originally she lied and said they were "out".I remember when I used to enjoy coming here. Now it's kinda sad to think this is my last time eating here. Besides $14 for a mediocre meal in a setting with music that makes me want to kill myself, and employees that walk around like they don't know what they are looking for. On top of all this, the quality went down, and the price went up. Really sad, at least YCs is still around.I've been to many Mongolian style restaurants and this setup is the worst.  It was my first time here and the waitress explained how to fill out a card?  Why don't I get to just go and grab my food like every other Mongolian style restaurant? I picked my bowl based on price, $10, not wanting to spend much and was shocked when they gave me a bowl not fit for my five year old.  Already upset I reluctantly started filling my bowl with meats and then moved on to the veggies.  When I realized the veggie selection wasn't the best I went back to the meats only to be stopped by the staff and told that it'd be an extra $4 to go back?!!! Isn't this supposed to be all I can fit in one bowl?  Nope, when I asked for the bigger bowl she said it would still be an additional $4 to go back and pointed at a sign that is behind the counter, written in small type and half way down the line.  Can I get some warning?  It was at this point I was disgruntled and looking at my sad little portion I decided to hand my bowl to the chef and I walked out.  I don't plan on trying them out again any time soon.I was very disappointed with this place!!  First off, I am not a cheap person and am willing to pay but this place is a rip off!!!  They allowed WAY too many people in....it was a zoo!!!!  Many children were unattended while their mothers played on their iPads.  They were under staffed.  They have the smallest section for the younger toddlers.... It was chaos.  I will never go back!!!I stopped by here tonight with my five year old son with the idea of having a fun night for him with other kids and me eating at North.  The price is simply outrageous at over $25 per child for a few hours of pizza and playing with other children.  My son complained that the portion was tiny and I had to take him out to eat afterwards.The women who operate are simply rude and obnoxious.  Once the place is full they shoo kids and parents out of there like flies on a horse.This place is small and cramped and not worth leaving your child.  Next time my boy is joining us for dinner.Avoid this overpriced trap at all costs.Stay away.  Arrived to a friend's birthday party a little late only to be told we needed socks for the kids to play on the equipment.  One quick trip later from a clothing store, the kids were allowed to leave the dining area.  Little did I know that the play area was closed so the children would eat...closed for the remainder of the party!  The play area was only open for 1 hour of a 2 hour party!?  Does this place even understand why it's open; hint, its not for the food or service.CLOSED to the PUBLIC on weekends! Stupid, stupid, stupid! Parents want to play with their kids on weekends. Not attend ridiculously overpriced gift collections. Place is small. Place is unsafe. Parents and staff do not supervise kids. Go to the park instead...it is free!!!!I was l looking for a place to have a party for my niece. I found out about this place online. I happened to be in the area on a Sunday and it seemed to be open based on the doors being open. I walked in and asked if I could look around the play area real quick cause I was interested in hosting a kids birthday party there. The girl in the front told me no. She was a little rude, and said if you were hosting a private party you wouldn't want strangers wandering around. I asked her if she could escort me in just to take a look around. She once again said no and showed me a brochure and said I could look at the pictures. Duh!! I seen those online and drove 40 miles to check this place out with my own eyes. There was no manager on staff. The place looked really small with a bunch of crap I would never serve my child. Will never go there. EVER! NEVER!!First impressions; small and cramped, very limited play equipment, toddler area barren of toys, activities and run down. Biggest turn off was that it felt dirty. I Ieft feeling creepy and went home to shower! The jump house in toddler area smelled like urine. There was NO supervision of play areas by staff or the majority of parents. I had to ask multiple children to leave toddler area because they were posing  a safety hazard for my grandchildren and well over maximum age of four. My daughter had to physically help remove a child sitting on top of another child and punching him!Two thirds of the space is wasted for a candy/gift shop, unoccupied tables and video games. Area that could be used for much needed additional play equipment!New husband/wife owners took over two days earlier. The husband asked and was receptive to my first impressions and concerns. He immediately had the jump house sanitized and was going to use the upcoming holiday to fully clean and sanitize the facility. He is committed to bring the place up to par.Although I purchased a month pass on Groupon, I don't think I can make myself go back because of feeling filthy when leaving. I wish I felt differently, as I would like to be supportive of the new owners.Not the best place to take your kids. It's actually dirty !!I am severely disappointed with this place. I was looking for something to do with my daughter that didn't cost an arm and a leg. So I found this place on Google and it looked pretty cool. The website listed the hours but said to call to make sure there were no parties booked. Thats exactly what I did. I was told that there was only 2 parties booked and that they would have open play at 1pm. I drove all the way up to desert ridge from avondale only to be told that they were closed all day for private parties. I told them I called not more than an hour ago and was told that they were open to the public. All I got was a shoulder shrug. I'm definately not wasting my time by coming back here ever again.This play has gone down hill in the past few  years. The equipments is torn and patched with tape over tape.  The biggest thing that caught my eye is how dirty the place is. ...  see the pictures. ....   kids love playing here but until they clean there place I will not be visiting again.Everyone must read before planning on booking a party here.

The rooms are soooo small

Its a high end chocolate shop with a soft serve ice-cream counter that's reported to serve some of the best dipped in Belgian chocolate ice cream. For this reason we gave it a go. We walked through the chocolate shop part where I grabbed a few tempting bon bons for my sweetie. Instead of an encounter with a Willy Wonky we met the shop lady/proprietor from hell. She was as cold and  icy as the canals of Bruges In January.

Soupe tumyum sans goût. Payé un surplus pour le lait de coco. En attendant en ligne depuis plusieurs minutes, un cuisinier qui nettoyait l'équipement au lieu de servir les clients s'est enfin réveiller pour faire ma soupe. Fauteuil très inconfortable et salle de bain malpropre.Je déteste ce McDonald! A chaque que j'y vais le service est plus que déplorable, il est lamentable! Les employés ont l'air énervés et parlent presque mal aux clients et quand on a le malheur de leur poser une question (« Quelles sauces il y a avec les croquettes de poulet? ») on est à deux doigts de se faire mordre!!!! Et je ne parle pas seulement d'une fois ou deux, non je dis bien A CHAQUE FOIS!Sûrement le pire McDonald du monde en termes d'ambiance!Alors déjà que je n'aime pas le McDo, je ne vais pas tellement être objective dans ce commentaire. Néanmoins, tous les avis sur les commerces sont bons, non?!

Die Datiles en bacon (4,60 EUR) sollen ganz lecker gewesen sein, aber ich esse keinen Speck. Auch hier: Zusatzstoffe.

9. No room service. Barely a restaurant.10. No activities at resort.

I went in 1 day to pick up and every person there seemed rude and terrible at their job.

Would not go again and neither would I suggest to anyone.This Buffet is not good start out with 2 rude waitresses !!!!  The food is not good at all and you have to nearly beg for  a refill on a glass of water if it's your first time to one of these places obviously people think it's great but trust me if you've been to many places like this type of buffet please drive past !!!!!!If you look at my other reviews I rarely give a restaurant less than 3 stars, but this one doesn't even deserve 1! I ordered chicken wings and a beef sandwich. The wings were rotten!!! Can you believe that?they smelled like garbage, we were completely disgusted by the smell!The beef sandwich was at least edible, but not that good either. My friend who ordered a pork sandwich couldn't finish his as well. I will NOT go back there!My friend ordered chicken wings, when they arrived, the smell which quickly took over our senses was that of either

Smile and greet customers happily is the first rule of thumb in retail!! SK, no need to reply, as I see previous similar reviews you obviously neglected to address.Made 2 kids and 2 adults sick! I want to like this place too. One of those situations where the business looks good on paper, but in reality it is too cost prohibitive to run correctly. That is why pricing is high while customer service is lacking. Best of luck without these repeat customers.First time in, last time out. This place is exactly what others have described, drab, rude staff and the setup to pay and receive your order at different counters is awkward. And to the girl Madison who rung me up at the counter- you have a stank attitude and I know it's Saturday...but girlfriend: if you don't want to work and at least fake like you want to be there maybe you should quit! She was quick to rush me through my order when I asked what sizes were available she hastily pointed up there! - to a place above my head. I seriously had to just laugh and shake off this joke of an establishment. Looks like nothing has changed from previous reviewer assessments- and it's 2015! Bottom line: won't be back. Oh- and to the owner who comments on the majority of these poor reviews, I've been other places around this local area where customer service has not been this horrible so I find it hard to believe it's the Las Vegas "work market". Maybe you should raise your wages, benefits, give the work environment a facelift or hire a new team lead to filter some of your hires better. It sounds like it's not just your basic Smoothie King staff that's on the struggle bus.My grandson had a certificate for a free kids kup smoothie that he had earned by completing all of his homework assignments for the month of May at Betsy Rhodes Elementary.  Funds are a little tight so I decided to take him on a Wednesday when they have a special of a medium smoothie for $4 so I could have one too.  I was promptly informed that I would have to pay the full price for my smoothie if he used his certificate even though other people were happily getting their $4 smoothies.  When I said I was confused, they brought over who I assume was a manager.  Even though the extra amount that I would have to pay for my smoothie was more than the $2.99 value of his certificate, they would not budge.  So I asked him if I got my grandson his free smoothie and then came back in an hour could I get my $4 smoothie, and he shook his head no.  So seriously??  An hour later he would tell me that he wouldn't give me the Wednesday special?  I don't think I'll be going back.  The smoothies are delicious but that experience gave me a bad taste in my mouth.My fiance and I have gone to this location a few times per month over the last couple years, and every other time it seems we have another experience that leaves us questioning whether we should return. This last experience was the final one for us, and we will be taking our business elsewhere. This afternoon we walked into this location to use our coupons for discounted Greek yogurt smoothies that came in the mail. The coupons stated that they were limited to one per person. With two separate coupons being used, and given that we intended to pay separately, we figured it would be no problem to use both. The young man who worked there notified us that we could not use both coupons as we were placing our order. We informed him that we intended to pay separately, yet he would not back down. I told him that we were two separate customers with two separate coupons, but he claimed that since we walked in together, we were considered one "party". We then questioned how that was even relevant if two paying customers walked in at the same time, and he threatened that they had camera footage watching us walk in together, and that if he gave us both the discount specified on the coupons, it would come out of his paycheck. This owner has some seriously questionable morals if she really does take the discounted amount out of their paychecks if they did apply discounts to two separately paying customers who happened to walk into the store at the same time. When I told the employee to consider us completely separate customers, he very disrespectfully asked my fiance what my name was and said if he answered, it proved we knew each other. No employee has any right to question the relationship of two separately paying customers. We have also had a few situations of poor franchise policies that have left a bad taste in our mouths. It seems as though this franchise owner reluctantly offers military discounts and accepts coupons. She seems to be very greedy and cheap, especially if she really does take money out of her employees paychecks, and isn't willing to accept coupons even if you've clearly followed the rules stated on the coupon. The store is also very dirty and confusing as far as the menu and store layout is concerned. This experience was the last straw, and we will be taking our business elsewhere.So disappointed with the service I received today. I ordered a 20oz smoothie with a caffeine boost and the woman didn't even mix it properly, it literally tasted like someone smashed pills and placed them in the drink. When I returned the smoothie the woman didn't want to remake or refund me anything. Luckily Carlos helped and remade my smoothie, his tasted eatable. The woman was very rude and attempted to heckle me and I would not return to the location because if I cannot trust someone to make a smoothie that's not toxic, I'd rather find a smoothie place with integrity.If I could give them zero stars I would, the employees didn't know what they were doing, up charged me for something that was already in the smoothie and are way to expensive.  I would recommend going to tropical smoothie anytime over this place.In a nut shell terrible customer service and an average smoothie.Now for the details, as I walked in the door no greeting. I ordered my smoothie and was helped by an employee that seemed very unhappy to be there. Which I understand, some people have bad days and I was willing to overlook that. But then it took 15-20 minutes to make my smoothie and there were 3 employees there and only 2 other customers in front of me. With 3 employees and 3 customers, it's possible for each of them to make a smoothie. So as the two customers in front of me received their smoothies I waited about 5 more minutes, and one of the employees noticed I was still there, and asked for my name. That's when they realized they couldn't find my smoothie. A couple more minutes go by with no apology and they finally relocated my smoothie. So the employee, finally called my name and I went to the counter to pay for it. Paige was her name, and because she was the employee to take my order and process the payment, I feel it was her responsibility to somewhat diffuse the situation. So instead of apologizing for the wait or for forgetting about my order, she tells me the total. I then say THANK YOU for my smoothie and she said nothing and just walked away. I promise I'm not one to just write bad reviews, but I was pretty disappointed with how disorganized and unfriendly the environment was here. As for the smoothie, I ordered the tropical lean. The consistency was good, but I could barely taste any of the "tropical" fruit. It tasted like a simple vanilla protein shake.Very bad bad bad customer service. It would have been a good if it wasn't for their employee maltreating customers. I have to write an email for their bad service which is located on their receipt. My kids got a free smoothie from school and ordered two additional for my other kids. I'm very very disappointed at your counter personnel specially Makayla. At first my two daughter came in 5 years old and 10 years old. My 5 years old says this store is very very nice. Then my daughter says that Makayla said to be quiet to her. Then when they were ordering my daughters looked at the menu and did not get it so she asked Makayla but Makayla said read it yourself. While my 10 year old daughter was having hard time understanding the menu, Makayla said why are you even here if you can't read it yourself it's for adults ONLY.  I'm very disappointed when I heard this so my daughters called me from the car and told me about their orders. I told them to get in the car instead and I will take over her order. I waited in line for about 15 minutes and I was wondering why paying is taking too long. I thought it should be fast because they only need to pay. Then finally I reached the counter and Makayla told me that I can't pay yet coz there's other order before me. So I told her I waited in line like everybody else so why Can I pay now. So when I said that she says okay I'll take your payment. Then I asked her how long do she think it will take, she said I have no idea. I'm sorry to tell you but this is just bad bad customer service specially when ur in a rush. I left the counter anyway, and asked the other lady on how long before my order is ready coz I have to go. The lady says it's ready but of course I have to wait for Makayla to give it to me. This is our first time coming here but me and my daughters experienced a really really bad customer service for the first time. I have gone to store that are not kids friendly but they never ever mistreated my kids like how Makayla treated my kids. Anyway, in return the smoothies are good and my kids loves it. My youngest one even asked for more. We would love to come back but I don't think we will again just because of this really bad customer service.First time here and probably won't be back. Smoothie was good, but customer service was terrible.I wasn't going to post until I saw others had the same experience.  I've been coming here (somewhat infrequently) for years.  Even though there's always a bit of a wait, this place has gone downhill. I went in and was the only customer. I stood looking at the menu. There was a girl behind the counter, and I was waiting for some kind (any kind) of greeting such as "do you have any questions" or "I'll take your order whenever you're ready" or even a simple "hello"... I got nothing.   So I turned to the girl and didn't say anything either.  She just stared at me, so I said "I'm just waiting for you to be polite" (I should have been nicer) but her stone cold face caught me off guard.  I ordered my smoothie, then was overly pleasant.  She put the smoothie in the blender, then disappeared.  A young man (who actually was pleasant) came out from the back and rang me up.  Never saw the girl again. The smoothie was good, but the service... No thanks.  I'm bummed I need to find a new place now because I won't go back.I get smoothies from here at least once a week and sometimes I wait up to 10 minutes for my order, and I can deal with that, the staff is usually very nice. Today I left extra early before work to get my berry punch smoothie and the 2 people working were stressed and not friendly. The guy who took my order was not pleasant and failed to tell me I would have to wait an hour for my smoothie, when I clearly had to go to work and didn't have time, nor should I wait an hour for a smoothie. There was a long line of people who had ordered that was waiting forever and looked very unhappy. As the worker told the lady that was after me she would wait an hour, I asked do I have to wait an hour and the worker snapped at me. So I handed my receipt back and said to cancel it. I had only 15 minutes left to wait. The workers need to learn how to make there customers feel at ease as they wait and keep them in loop on how much longer they have wait or say sorry for the wait, hand out coupons or something for the inconvenience. They also need to learn to work as a team. Not sure if I will go back, I won't be snapped for something that is not my fault.I was in there yesterday and there were two people working one guy told me it was his second day on the job. That poor kid his management failed to give him a trainer. They were trying there hardest and we're clearly understaffed shame on the management.So I'm standing here at the counter with my daughter waiting to order. No one ever says, "Hello" or "I'll be right with you" Nothing. After a few minutes, Tori, walks up to the counter and says absolutely nothing. Just stands there. I guess this is my cue to order. I place my order and "Tori" punches it into her POS terminal and mumbles something. I said, "Pardon me?"  As her words were completely inaudible. She quickly says,  "What. Is. Your. Name." As if she were a robot. She snapped the receipt of her printer and handed it to me with no words.At this point I probably should've just left, but I decided to just get the smoothie and never come back. Thanks, but no thanks TORI. YOU SUCK.Nope i dont trust those kids. They're lazy laxidasical abstinent and who knows what they're doing behind that counter just don't trust them won't be back.Employees treated like slaves. Condescending, rude snob of a owner. Rips off workers by deducting money out of pay for so called "mistakes". Seems illegal or at least unjust. Fruit flies everywhere. Vanilla extract is a health hazard the way it is kept. Owner will call you a liar when you are telling the truth. Sugar in  almost everything and their slogan is "inspiring people to live a healthy and active lifestyle" ? Hypocrites! Ps. Old bananasOne word....HORRIBLE! Interested in medicating patients, not truly "helping" them for long term purposes! My son has been to this facility repeatedly, and repeatedly, they accept him, changing nothing about this routine, accept medicating, possibly increasing his dosage, changing his medications. My son has never discussed with me, how this facility has helped him. It's a place of shelter for him, when he has nowhere to go. Horrible way to "TREAT" the mentally unstable. Medicating them, is not the sole answer, especially when you have repeat patients.Rawson Neal is under investigation for patient-dumping on a monumental scale, 1500 patients in 5 years.Shame. Not one of you should hold a medical license, and some of you should likely be in jail.I'm so glad my mom was released after being there 3 months. I'm so happy she was not one of those dumped patients! The doc basically have up on her and told me there was nothing more they could do. I took her to Dr. Luis Ortega and it turns out they had been giving her medication that counteracted with each other!! Dr. Ortega did wonders and she has been doing great for almost 2 years!!This place deserves NO STARS!!!!WARNING! Please Google this hospital before you seek any sort of treatment there for you or a loved one. This hospital have been heavily involved with patient dumping in the past few years. Basically they take their mentally ill patients, buy them a bus ticket and send them to states like California and Oregon...and then LEAVE them on the streets with no money, food or place to live. This is sickening, they should be closed down.I was sent to rawson-neal from the hospital for suicidal thoughts. Just suicidal thoughts. I was stuck in the hospital for 7 days with no idea why I was there or why I couldn't leave. No one would talk to me. I was given a cup of basically hand soap to shower.. Like 2 pumps of pink soap to shower in the disgusting open showers in the bathroom. I didn't even want to put my bare feet on it... But I did. Every time I needed to use the restroom I had to get a staff member to unlock the door. But everyone kept telling me "Ask someone else. Why me?". They even told me to ask the janitor at one point.No one spoke to me about anything that was going on. I had to ask other patients what was going on.Its like prison. The beds are hard as rocks literally. None of the staff cares about you.This place is horrible!!! My son was in there for about 30 days after he spent a week in detox. The plan was for him to stay at this dump until a bed opened up in a rehab. They did absolutely nothing for him. He talked to an idiot psychiatrist that was more worried about if he had suicidal thoughts. No you moron he was a drug addict asking for help. This Dr. called me & told me they were discharging because there was nothing they could do for him since there was no bed available in a rehab. I begged her not to release him, I told her if they did release him he would die. She said we can't keep him unless he is a harm to himself. I told her what do you think he is doing every time he sticks a needle in his arm. Well guess what?  They released him anyway & my son passed away less than 2 months later from an overdose. So thanks for nothing!!!!DONT GO HERE. THEY WILL CHARGE YOU FOR ITEMS THEY DON'T TELL YOU ABOUT!!!I took my dog here to stay for Thanksgiving in the kennel. I had to get his rabies shots and a fecal test, which I was glad to pay for since I knew they were to protect him while he was in their facility. The nurse discussed the influenza vaccine that they recommended all patients get when they stayed there. The form stated that the shot was $25, so I was fine with it since it seemed like a good price and a good idea to protect him. When I was rung up, I was told that there would be an additional booster shot due in one month. I didn't think anything of it, took him in for his booster shot, and then when I went to leave they told me it would be an additional $25. I asked for my original contract, since they didn't give me a new one that day, that stated anything about additional payments. The owed said, "well no where on the form does it state that there is a booster shot needed or that it would cost $25. But all of my staff know that they are supposed to say this to customers." Apparently it was my fault that the staff didn't tell me that there would be an additional shot and that it was going to cost me more money. I will never go back here again. My friends have recommended Centennial Hills. They WILL tell you AHEAD of time what they are going to charge you.Seemed to only be concerned about the money. The front desk staff was surly and snotty and really couldn't be bothered to even be polite. They hide and then over charge. When the staff checked me in and when checked out they spoke to me very little just to each other, whining about having to work Saturday.  No call about the test like promised and their "low cost spay and neuter" is almost 3x what other vets charge. And another  problem? Left me in waiting room that was not well organized for multiple animals but when finally got in the room? Vet had the worst hand shake of anyone I've met in years. It was like shaking a squishy dead fish. I won't ever be going back there. I'll just drive across town to see the vet I actually trust. Would NOT recommend! They also tried to hide how much the first set of puppy shots costs! Every other vet I called said between 20-35 for the first set. Them? $60! They are only about the money.A great option for absolute emergencies when other options are not available. A great senior vet, but unfortunately several young vets who need far more experience. The treatment options seem to be driven by profit, not necessarily what is best for the pet and/or owner.First off, Doctor Lewis is an upstanding veterinarian from what I have seen and experienced. He seems compassionate, thoughtful, and immensely professional. Not sure why he is at Montecito, but he would indeed be an asset to any group and you won't go wrong having him tend to your feline friend.With that being said, the rest of this outfit here at -- Grand Montecito Animal Hospital -- is a disgrace to animalkind. And they, naturally, are the problem (Dr. Lewis excluded).My experience was that of an emergency. And let me be clear: this review ... it really has nothing to do with money. I want to put that out there right after my initial disclaimer that this has nothing to do with Dr Lewis either. In fact, I specifically stated that they could do whatever it took and accepted the high-side estimate that was offered (they exceeded that contract -- without authorisation -- by the way). I signed the high-side and asked that they do all that they could. I thought the cat who I am currently pet to was dying. You can imagine how upsetting this could be and how much more pissed off one might get if they just so happen to mistreat this same cat while somehow -- not sure if this is even legal -- exceeding that high-side. Alright, this is what happened and you judge whether it warrants the 1*: Kitty was placed in a tiny carrier and left in that carrier for countless hours.The bandage on her lil' leg -- there to protect her wound from where she was IV'd -- soaked in urine. I am going to make the major assumption that she did not eat or drink anything during that whole time (is it worse if she actually was removed from the carrier to be fed and put back in there in that condition?).Now, there are several people I find fault in this; it is not just Grand Montecito Animal Hospital. It sorta boils my blood to actually reflect on it so I do not think I will write any more on this subject. I do not think any animal should be treated in such an atrociously despicable manner, especially when a friend of said animal is paying in excess of a thousand U.S. dollars to treat what turned out to be merely a case of constipation. There are other disturbing problems in this hospital that I will do my best to point out here: (a) a disturbingly gas-happy policy of superfluous, multiple use; (b) miscommunication and an inherent disorganisation that is detrimental to the well-being of the patients, as well as the continued dissemination of accurate information to their friends (some people refer to them as "owners"); and (c) a lack of accountability for fuck ups within the office. I would not trust this hospital -- even in the case of emergency -- and, I would recommend that neither should you. Thank you for reading; kitty is doing fine, really no thanks to the staff and preposterously, numerous unnecessary gassings from Grand Montecito Animal Hospital.  Career Tip: If you cannot handle dealing with animals, maybe this is the wrong line-of-work. Perhaps being a florist or some shit would be more suitable. Gas yourself. - EI will never bring my dogs here again. $142 to board my dogs for one night. I called and they said $33 for one night, which is reasonable.  Then I get there and there are things they charge for that are mandatory to have them boarded. Then they told me my dogs weren't up to date and that he need all these shots. I agreed and then talked to my previous vet (6 months ago) and they told me he was up to date. I called back and they told me they would take care of it. I picked them up today and they changed me the same amount and told me they "give the same shot more frequently." I will never go back to that place. Way to nickel and dime people and take advantage of someone when they have no time to find an alternative option! I can't imagine what they change someone for something substantial. Enjoy your extorted money from me because you won't get anymore from me ever again!Our experience here was so bad I decided to create a Yelp account just to do the review. Fair warning it is long and detailed as this experience was horrible.Our cat had not really eaten anything since late Tuesday/early Wednesday morning and what little he had eaten he had thrown back up. So we take him to this place because it had good reviews, was open later and within a half mile of our house.Take him in and wait a little over an hour to get into a room and then once in the room waited another 30 minutes for the vet (Dr. Hassad) to even come in. She finally comes in and spends maybe 10-15 mins with us getting the history of the cat and then decides she is going to keep him until at least Saturday morning.She does some x-rays to see if there is a blockage that night and a "basic" blood test ($115) as its to late to send the blood out to the lab. We wait around in the lobby for another hour for the blood test to finish so we might be able to get some answers.We go into another exam room and she starts talking to us about the results of the blood test. About halfway through it, and telling us about how some of his counts are off and they have her a little worried, she discovered that who ever did the tests ran the blood as a dog and not a cat. So this means that all this stuff she was worried about didn't matter since its not a dog.After this happens she begins to go over the x-ray with us. They took 3 x-rays and the only thing she said she was worried about was she didn't see a clear outline of his liver. Then admitted she wasn't really good with x-rays and would need to speak to the radiologist the following day.  We leave him overnight so they can give him fluids.I call them around 9 am on Friday, 2 hrs after they opened, for an update to see if they knew anything. I was told he took the fluids and hadn't thrown up, which makes sense with the fact that he still hadn't eaten or drank anything. I was then told the vet would be in around 10 and she would give me a call within an hour or two.I get off work at 2 pm and not heard anything from the vet so I just stopped in on my way home. I walk in and ask the girl at the front desk for an update on my cat and give my name. She pulls up the account and says "Looks like you still owe us $amount of money" and looks at me. I inform her that I don't even know what is wrong with the cat because the vet never called.  She goes and gets the vet and we are told sorry she didn't call it was a busy day.Ok fine whatever I deal with it and ask about my cat. She tells me he still hasn't eaten/drank anything and asked if I could spend some time with him in one of the rooms to see if me being there helps. After about 15 mins of waiting I get taken to an exam room where I wait another 30 mins for them to bring him in to me.  Spend almost an hour in there with no one coming in to check and see how things are going.Vet finally comes back and asks and I tell her that there is no change. She informs she will give him an appetite motivator and some anti nausea medication and to come back in about 2 hrs with his food from home and try it.  I am informed to call ahead 15-20 and tell them I am on my way so they can make sure we have a room when we get there. I call ahead during the time frame and was told by the front desk person, the same one who just quoted me on my bill instead of an update, that they are busy and they cant promise anything regardless of what the vet says.I show up about 25 mins later and discover that 4 of their rooms are empty and we are taken immediately to one. After about 5 mins or so in the room a staff member brings the cat in sets him down and walks out without saying a word.  My wife and myself begin trying to get him to eat. We spend roughly 20-30 mins trying and he wont so we give up. We sit there for another 45 mins before the first person even comes to the room to check on us. So we were in the room for a total of 1:15 without a single staff or vet checking in to see how things were going.At this point we decide we had already paid for him to stay the 1 more night and that we would just take him with us the following day to a different vet. After the 1:15 wait the vet finally comes in and we tell her that there was no change. She told us they will give him more fluids, anti-nausea medicine and keep his food fresh overnight for him. She leaves telling us someone will be in shortly to take him back to his cage.We wait another 30 mins in the room with no one coming to get him.  I go to the front desk and ask when someone is going to get him and they have to page the back. On my way back to the room I can see where the staff are and they are all just sitting around talking. The page goes off and they look at each other like they knew nothing about it. Someone finally comes in and gets him and has no clue about any of the medication he is supposed to get.Needless to say we picked him up today and went to another vet.If you have a cat, take them to an all cat hospital if possible. This is not the place for kitties. Some vets clearly become vets for their love for dogs and cats are merely an accessory to deal with. That's the feeling I got from my experience. Long story short, I had to euthanize my cat yesterday due to something that could have been treated. Unfortunately when I brought her in when it first started, she got an incorrect diagnosis and I was basically told it was helpless and she should die soon. So she didn't die but by the time I brought her in again she had cancer that had spread. I can't articulate how much I loved that cat. She was five. She still had so much time if the vet hadn't been hasty with his diagnosis. It really didn't seem like he cared. And I actually brought her in the second time and he still tried to say it was the his first damn incorrect diagnosis. I took her to a specialist and I finally got the answer but it was too late by then. Maybe some of the vets here are good with cats but I still wouldn't bother. Other vet hospitals are more accommodating when they know a cat is sick and waiting and there are dogs barking everywhere stressing it out. Like maybe not making the cat wait long in the lobby or letting the owner know when it's a good time to bring the cat in...something. They just never really seemed to care.Office was clean and staff was busy but not rude. That is what the one star is for. When the vet came in she informed me what shots and test she was going to do for my puppy  but she discarded the fact that I had wrote in my paperwork, which I spent 20 minutes filling out, what shots/tests I wanted. Why ask me what I want then ignore and tell me what you are going to do anyways. I decide what my puppy gets not them I just felt she was pushing meds/tests and I was talked down to. Then the thing that really nailed it for me was examining my dog. She listened to my puppies heart and she didn't even have the stethoscope touching the dog. It was like a half inch away. Her hand was holding its neck and her finger rested on the collar and the stethoscope was on the other side of the collar in midair. Yet she stood there and acted like she was listening. Um, Thanks but no thanks I'm not going back.Been going to this vet for almost 3 years.  Started going here when we moved to the Providence area in 10/12.  Before that, we went to Ann Road AH for 3 years (which is also affiliated).  Over the years my dogs have seen a few doctors here, Dr Bivens, Dr Hammond, Dr Haddad and most recently Dr Stolzer.  My husband brought our 6 year old golden, Buddy, in on April 7th for a mysterious injury to his hip that popped up that day while we were at work.  We are always petting and hugging our dogs.  Had this been something that had been lurking for a little while, we would have noticed it.Dr Stolzer was the on duty vet at the time and did a work up for Bud that included a hip xray, ultrasound, fine needle aspiration (FNA) to check for cancer cells  and a week's supply of antibiotics and rimadyl.  We were also told to ice the area for a couple days and then start heat therapy with him.The xrays came back fine as well as the FNA.  Buddy seemed to be improving for the next week.  Based on the results, Dr Stolzer told us that Buddy's issue was likely from an unknown injury and the lump on his side was caused by a large hematoma.I recalled when we ran out of meds to advise the vet that Buddy was still swollen and asked what would happen next.  I was told to make a follow up appointment and returned within the next couples days to the vet with my dog.  At this time, Dr Stolzer measured the lump on his side and advised me that it had gotten smaller.  She gave me another week's worth of Rimadyl and sent us on our way, this time with advice to massage the area.It was obvious our dog was feeling better due to increased activity until one night he decided to jump up on the bed and it appeared he may have tweaked his leg again.  His recheck appointment was scheduled for 4/24.  On 4/24 I came home from work to find Buddy very swollen again and limping like when we had originally brought him in on 4/7.  I called to see if the vet had any earlier appointments and they did not so I brought him at 6:30 pm as originally scheduled.  This time Dr Stolzer advised that we needed to do blood work to check kidney and liver function as well as chest  and abdominal xrays.  She ultrasounded the area again and said it did not look good.  She also poked the area with a needle and got a vial of blood.  She then said she would give Buddy shot of Bupranex.  She also suggested we see a cancer specialist on the other side of town or to possibly do a biopsy in house.    She also advised that she would be calling on Saturday morning to discuss the results of his blood tests and radiology and to let us know when we could come in for the biopsy.  I never received a call from her and called more than 4x to finally get an answer. I spoke to Dr Stolzer once and she offered to call the specialist doctors for me and let them know what was going on with Buddy.  I waited over an hour for her return call and it never came.  I ended up calling the specialist vet myself. I was later called back by someone else working there at GM to advise me that Dr Stolzer would not be doing the biopsy and that if we wanted any more help with our dog's situation we were to call the specialists.My husband decided that we needed a 2nd opinion so we went to Creature Comforts AH and saw Dr Paul on 4/26.  Very awesome vet.  They did the biopsy and also a culture for infection and sent it off.  We should hear in 3-5 days and then make an appointment to see the specialist if needed.I really and truly feel that Dr Stolzer dropped the ball in our situation with our dog.  We spent over $1000 at GM hoping that we had an answer as to what was plaguing our dog.  I am not sure why it took her so long to suggest a biopsy, offer to do one and then not even have the decency to call us herself to tell us she wouldn't do it.  This place is ok for shots and routine things for your animals but I would not suggest going here if you believe there is anything seriously wrong with your animal.  Spend a few extra bucks and go to a REAL vet that will actually take the time to speak with you and go over all of your options for your animal with you.First impressions are usually dead on! we should have walked right back out the door! We had an appointment for a new client meet and check. We were not even acknowledged upon walking into the building or even at the counter by the three ladies at the desk until my husband asked where do we check in. Within 5 minutes we were put in a hot box, I mean a room by one of those friendly attentive ladies as she informed us they were there for shots with a question mark? She disappeared with our dogs records for 15 minutes, and said the doc would be right in. We waited with our two dogs for over 30 minutes before the doctor came in. She too wanted to know what vaccinations they were there to get. After explaining again it was a new client visit we told her we just want to make sure puppies are healthy.She scooped up the pups and said I have to take them to the back to do an exam and I'll be right back. We sat for another 40 minutes in the hot room with no response from anyone. I finally walked out of the room to the front front desk and said excuse me, please get my dogs. An exams that takes 40 minutes, what are they doing. Within minutes two assistants bring the pups in the room and they smell of cigarettes. Blood is boiling now. The front desk lady says the doctor is looking for food she will be right in. 10more minutes go by and she comes in with science diet and how wonderful it is. We don't want the food, just answer our questions... I could go on about the two hour waste of time visit, To make a long story short... Lack of communication skills, and not a very informative doctor! We are going to Island Pet Hospital I don't care if they are more expensive!!We are new to the area and drove by this hospital, dropped in and asked what it would cost to have our kitten spayed and de-claw. They took our info and called that afternoon. Everything sounded good so we set up the appointment. We took our kitten in for the procedure and blood work. They said they would call us that day and inform how everything went and said come back tomorrow and pick her up after 10:00 AM. No call that day. We tried to call twice, the calls went directly to hold and after waiting over 10 minutes on each call we gave up. The next morning tried again with the same results. We went in at 10:00 and they then told us she did not have the procedure and the vet would like to see us. We waited almost an hour for our kitten and found out she had a bacterial infection, understandable why they didn't do the procedure. They prescribed antibiotics and eye drops. The doctor prescribed 0.17cc every 24 hours for 10 days. There were very little antibiotics in the bottle so we tried to call the hospital with the same results so off in the car  to go down in person, long wait again and the Vet said that there was enough. After 4 days I had to cut the tip of the bottle off to get one more dose. We tried to call again with the same results. We went in Saturday morning and asked for more, not so much of a wait this time. They were happy to charge us the $58.00 again and the Vet argued that there was exactly 1.7cc and that should have been enough. Well think about it, .17cc times 10 is enough if you don't get any on the outside of the syringe, don't wash out the syringe after each usage. She was rude, and unpleasant. Getting our pet taken care of here was the worst experience I have every had with any professional organization. There were other negative issues too get more money but if you have read this far I am impressed. I will spend another $180 for the same thing with another Vet but do it gladly not to have to deal with this place again. .Grand Montecito Animal Hospital is the worst to go to in Las Vegas! First, the front office staff is rude! Second, the vets are ridiculous and are ONLY out for your money! They don't care about animals.Besides them always asking for more money for something else, here is the main story why my family and I left:

last night Oct 30th 2015 in Flagstaff AZ. Population around 85k. UBER HAD A 5.6% Surcharge and it wasn't a busy night. What kind of BS is that. Maybe in NYC or Chicago.. Flagstaff UBER you are screwing people.  The cab I took was $9 from Down Town Flag to my house. THE UBER RIDE WOULD HAVE COST ME ALMOST $50. I'm looking forward to seeing the surcharge for Halloween night tonight.Uber has a lovely surcharge during peak hours that took my normal ride from $15 or so to $92.99 last night, because the "demand was so high". What a joke. These ride share things are supposed to be an easy and inexpensive way to get around. I will never use uber again. I could have saved myself probably close to $50 or more by dealing with a yellow cab. I understand up charging for peak times or holidays but almost $100 for a cab to take me 7 miles is unacceptable.I left my car keys in the back of an Uber and the company nor the driver will respond to my messages. Making a replacement key is very expensive. On top of that she dropped us off 2 blocks away from our destination because she didn't want to wait in traffic. This is the second bad experience I've had with Uber. They do not train their drivers well. I feel they take anyone off the street to drive for them. I can't understand why the driver would not respond so I could get my keys back, it makes no sense. A lot of unnecessary stress and money.People that use uber be really careful, if you are going Scottsdale or Mill ave. My wife went out with her friends and she did the same trip that she always does. She always paid 7 bucks, but she worked up this morning and had a 100 dollars charge in her account for a 12 minute drive!!! She tried calling uber but there is no phone number. Then she did it trough email and she was told that she paid 100 dollars because the driver got lost!!! She paid for the ineptitude of a driver. I guess the uber app does not have GPS? This is the same as paying 100 for people on McDonald giving you a wrong order. This is not the first time I heard this, I been told by a few people that this has happened to them. Really had practice uber taking advantage of drunk people. Might as well take a taxi at least you get screw up front and they don't have access to your account.Beware!  Uber Driver in Phoenix named, 'Green Mile Limo Services'. Nick charged $100 bucks for 20 minute ride from Scottsdale to Sky Harbour Airport!!! When I said I didn't think those were UBER prices he was rude.They over charged my car for over 100. I emailed customer service and they just keep giving me the run around. Very disappointed.Uber is by far the worst company I've ever worked for. This is the only service job I've ever had where the company  discourages tips but wants there employees to hand out water for free and go above and beyond for riders. While cutting there pay every few months. This job sucks kills your car and the riders are all cheap bastards. If someone picks up your drunk ass and takes you home 3 miles down the road that driver got paid 2.40 and never gets a tip. Uber sucks and so do there rider's use lyft or your local cab company and stop being so cheap.As reading all these reviews all I can say is a feel everybody's pain but you have to understand when its surging you have to accept the higher rate and even put in the number its surging at. It's called supply and demand and when you're riding for practically free in Uber X at 90 cents a mile you have to understand that it cost drivers 58 cents to operate your car according to the IRS and Uber takes 20 to 30 percent of every fare so that leaves drivers with pennies for profit. Tip your Uber drivers $5 to $10 every time when you get in the car and you would be surprised how much that will make the drivers day and improve their customer service. You should feel bad when you order a car and the driver drives 5 to 10 miles to get to you and you go a few miles down the street for a $5 to $10 charge. Do the math folks and put yourself in the drivers seat. Uber will never have a phone number you call its a 60 billion dollar company with 100's of thousands of drivers. They have call centers over seas with automated responses and then people that barely understand English replying to your request. When you decide to get sick in a vehicle whether it's out the window you have to understand that gets in the door jams and cost the driver a lot more money then the $200 uber charges to your account. It takes the driver off the road for at least 12 hours if it's at night until they can get their vehicle detailed in the morning. Let's not be ignorant when complaining about Uber and writing reviews. Uber is great for the consumers but horrible for some of the drivers as they keep cutting the prices like they have in Detroit to .35 cents a mile. How does a driver make money on the Uber platform unless they drive a Prius and put in 12 to 14 hours a day. Drivers are fed up when consumers order a car and when they get to a destination after driving 10 minutes to you and then have to wait another 10 minutes for you to get in the vehicle hence the reason why drivers are canceling all these rides. It's an on demand service so be outside when the drivers arrive and be ready to load the car. Don't try to load 7 to 9 people in a vehicle when it clearly says when you order a suv or uber XL that its 6 or less people. Drivers are fed up with clients getting in cars with open containers and leaving their garbage in the cars and trying to pile 10 people in a suv so now you've heard it from the very first Uber driver in AriZona point of view. Hopefully people read this and open up their eyes.NEVER AGAIN!!!! Used them on new years because everybody said they would be better than a cab. NOT TRUE! Was told my ride home would be $15.00 by the driver. Fine, the next day i looked and was charged $68.00 WTF? called and was told it was an up charge because of demand! First off, i was never told there would be one because if i had i would have not used you. SCAMMERS! BEWARE! they will rip you off. FU UBER!Was picked up by rashad. Did not like the guy on app. After in got home I saw a $150 charge. No number to call. Emailed and no response.Tried to use uber after Barrett Jackson last Saturday.  Uber showed the driver arrived, but he never showed up.  Others were getting their drivers, but mine did not show up.  Had to take a taxi.  Cancelled the uber, and STILL GOT BILLED.Lesson learned, never use them after an event, and be prepared to get billed even if they do not perform.I signed up for uber. Gave my exact address. Got a call and was told they had a " ping " two blocks away and my request was cancelled. Why the hell didn't they go by the address instead of the ping! Uber sucks as far as I'm concerned! Never use again! Called local taxi service and they were her in 5 minutes. Will stay with taxi service! Just got s notification from uber that I am being charged a 5 dollar service charge for a cancelation! I never cancelled! They told me my trip was cancelled because they couldn't find me even after I gave them the exact address! Uber is a scam and a piece of crap service that will take advantage of whoever they can to increase their bottom dollar! Don't us Uber!On January 19, 2016, I called for a ride. I had ridden to the location where I was to be picked up.The receptionist and I were both watching for the car to show up because it was her quitting time, and she needed to close up as soon as I left but the ride never showed up We waited thirty minutes. She finally called a taxi for me. The taxi cost twice as much as the ride down. Uber might save money if they were reliable, but they aren't, and they lie. I got a letter from them saying they are charging my account $5 for not cancelling the trip within five minutes after a driver accepts it. I never cancelled the trip, I was stood up, and the receptionist and I were both inconvenienced by having to wait for the no-show driver. I have tried repeatedly to contact Uber, but they keep saying my password is incorrect and supposedly sending me a link to make a new password, but then they say the password is invalid  and the link has expired.Call me an idiot, but I really did want to be able to ride with Uber, but right now they have me trapped in my home. I complained about the above fiasco, eventually was able to email a live person who apologized and  canceled the $5 charge, so I decided to give them another chance and called for a ride about an hour ago 6:45 PM Feb. 13, 2016. The first of numerous promises that the ride would arrive was for 19 minutes. Then it was 8 minutes, 7 minutes then after several other changes 19 minutes again. Classic Uber! Messing with customers. No doubt they will try ti slap another charge on my card, but I am going to leave anyway.Save money, time and frustration by NOT Using Uber.I just paid $112 to get home...15 miles. I could of taken a normal cab for cheaper. Even though it's better than I DUI I feel like they take advantage of people.Über riders beware of Price Surge.

Another issue is the pool which was clean in the beginning but now it is a hit or miss - often it is dirty.  The jacuzzi does not work most of the time - it is either too cold or the jets do not work.  On 3 different occasions, I have found cockroaches in the pool. I could go on and on and tell you about all of the work orders we had to put in (right now, we are dealing with the aftermath of a leaky roof in the living room).

-When I asked for a knife, the blond girl had an attitude.-The line was full of people sitting around waiting for their order or bringing things back In the future I will go out of my way to go to another establishment for breakfast.Don't go inside here - they prioritize the drive thru and we stood in line for 15 minutes and they took 1 order from the line inside.This location is terrible. Go to the Circle K across the street. I walked in on a Sunday afternoon to get some coffee. When I first walked in there was nothing to alert the person running the shop. The shop was a mess there was trash on tables, on the floors, and an overflowing trash can... I waited by the register listening to him cursing in the backside. After using the restroom he realized there was someone in the store. He was not wearing a uniform, he was wearing saggy jeans and a too small t-shirt with no hat, no name tag and a lack of personal hygiene. I almost walked out just by his appearance... but I was desperate for coffee. He took my order and then told me it would be a few minutes. He took and made two orders from the drive thru and then came back to make my iced latte. It was about 80% Milk. I walked out and threw the coffee away. There is clearly a management problem at this location. Not only did the employee look unprofessional he had no manners and seemed annoyed by my simple singular coffee order. Save your money and go to the gas station here...I was an employee here for about 5 months. The way the company treats their staff is so disrespectful & half the staff are racist. (which is why I left) I was called a "white trash Bitch" on multiple occasions & when it was brought up to the general manager there was absolutely NOTHING done about it. I had a few days off & over those few days i recieved a message from the Baker who is continuously racist along with video of her telling me to "fuck myself, stupid Bitch" I have contacted the better business bureau with the way this place is ran. The shift leaders don't do their jobs they stand around constantly on their phones telling everyone else to do their things for them. They leave before their scheduled time off & they will text whoever is still there to clock them out at their time off.Dru the new General Manager has NO IDEA how to do his job. Its outrageous that he still works there. So absolutely I will NEVER recommend dunkin donuts to anyone.Omg. This place is worst than the DMV.  Only wanted a cup of coffee. After waiting at the counter for about 5 minutes to get waited on. It then took another 5 minutes for them to pour the cup.So the guy at the register moved with the pace of a turtle and looked like he hated everything. All his questions were mumbled. His shirt was on inside out and he was about to lose his pants....even wearing a belt. From the appearance and attitude of the employees here I very much will be finding another location.The management is a complete JOKE!!!! Get her out of there. Terrible attitude, poor work ethic, rude to costumers and employees. No wonder why everyone else wrote bad reviews, they've experienced the same things I have! No one is forcing you to be there working a job you hate and taking it out on others. Leave! Everyone would appreciate it.Physical and verbal abuse from waitress named Patricia, never again!  After waiting 45 minutes, I had to approach the waitress and have her say to me that if I didn't want to wait any longer, she would take my food and throw it in the garbage and if I didn't sit down she wouldn't serve me.  She elbowed me twice and as I was leaving said that she never wanted to see my face again.  After getting the card and name of the owner from another waitress, she tried to grab it out of my hand and swore at me.  Spoke to the owner and she apologized for the encounter and she explained that the waitress Patricia doesn't speak English well.  She sure knew how to be rude and cuss just fine. Talk about excuses.After an experience like that, I would never recommend this place to anyone.  Besides, as a Montreal native, I heard this place is a tourist trap and  there are many newer and better places to go for specialty poutine.Frankly, I am dumbfounded by the good reviews for this restaurant?! In short: worst poutine I've ever had.1. fries - too soggy

Then the main course arrived! Two thick steaks my wife's was supposed to be medium and mine medium rare. The Gorgonzola was a thick white melted blanket on top of my steak...not a topper but an equal on the plate with the steak! Off to the races as these were thick cuts of NY strip and that's when the mystery of how do you screw up a steak began! It's a steak that the cooks even at franchise restaurants can seem to get right 95% of the time. Oh what an epic failure! The cut of steak was not the tender juicy strip I was expecting but a chewy more on the rare side of things monster that was costing me $25 just to eat. The Gorgonzola was a mild cheesy blanket that lacked any of the pop you expect from Gorgonzola! The steak had little to no fat trimmed off the cut leading to those fun bites of chewing, chewing some more then being faced with the decision to spit out the fat or swallow it whole. My wife who ordered it at medium got a cut that was cooked to more medium rare, the blood on her plate turned her stomach and finished her halfway through her not so tender monster.Now instead of being out on the town with my wife, enjoying some of the fun and character that Pittsburgh has to offer we are holed up in our hotel room nursing aching stomachs as we can't seem to get past the overpriced, poorly cooked fare our bodies are trying to digest.

Maybe, this space is cursed. The Other place that was here shut down too. Seeing all the reviews on here and being at a 1.5 stars should be a sign. Shut your doors and close up all ready.This place was terrible, the service was bad, waited 20 minutes just to get water the place was empty on a Saturday and it took an hour to get our food witch wasn't worth the wait, would of left but we had a Groupon will never go back.Came here for dinner and drinks with an out of town friend. Not a good first impression for Arizona. The food was subpar and drinks were average. I ordered the Molly Cristo and she got the chicken wrap. Our whiskey sours were 99% watered down whiskey and a splash of sour. Pricing was okay but our waitress was not attentive, served our food and walked away without asking if we needed anything- we waited 10 minutes for her to walk by so we could get condiments. Took another 20 for us to grab her to get our bill. Food = C+, Drinks = B-, and Service = DA table of 18 and a fairly empty restaurant with an over hour wait for food. Its ridiculous, and as our food arrives its overcooked, no condiments, and no food reprieve for the others at the table still waiting. No apologies, no checking in with us. RIDICULOUS!This place is so poorly managed and aweful, it's difficult to make an emphasis. They just don't care about their service. At all... So odd...Wow it was so bad

I did not enjoy that burger at all. It tasted like mint and cloves on top of my black bean burger. Every time I've eaten a black bean burger somewhere,  they top it with salsa and avocado; so these toppings were not the best combination. Maybe I should've asked for avocado and salsa instead of pesto but I didn't expect it to be that bad. My mom told me to send it back and order something else but we were pressed for time. Also, the blonde waitress forgot my blueberry iced tea,  but I just shrugged it off because there weren't any good beverage options, so I wasn't thrilled about the sound of blueberry iced tea anyway. My sister ordered the Philly and her husband ordered the shinto steak sandwich.  They didn't like their food either. SHINTO STEAK SANDWICH

1) the service is horrendous. Our waitress and all others were unsmiling sourpusses who moved glacially. Had the restaurant been busy, then the wait to see a waitress and the wait for food would have been understandable especially if the food is great. They were not that busy. Call me quirky but I like a smiling pleasant waitress.

SO..now I just take my food to go (if I even bother at all).Servers are rude and SOOOOO SLOW- even when it's not busy!! They act like they're doing you a favor by serving you. When it first opened it was great, but it's declined at an exponential rate. Really disappointing that they expanded this place only for it to get worst. He should've kept it the small joint it used to be.PS (The frozen margaritas are a rip off!)Just goes to show you that even if the food is great, customer service is just as important.I want to say this is a travesty to say the least I ordered a burger number 1 with everything and asked for lettuce . Guess what the charge is ( 15 ) cents for lettuce go figure . The price is 749 for a burger and fries , no senior discount or courtesy cup or veterans discount. They profess that there veterans of the second wwar in the franchise with pictures I'd like to tell veterans to GO to IN and OUT for a better buy withe everything on it plus onions tomatoes LETTUCE and a great taste . I told you at this Freddy's I've got a big mouth and u hope someone is listening . I have it one star because they had the airconditioning on . Save ur moneyNOTHING SPECIAL about this place..their fries are stringy..burgers are small and flavorless..I brought my kids and they wouldnt eat..I hate Mc donalds and burger king but I would have rather eaten there..and my bill was $30 bucks!NEVER AGAIN!.In & out is way better and cheaper..sorry Freddys try again..your burgers are over cooked and dry.Omg!!!! Worst burger ever!!!! Paper   thin!!!  Tasted  weird also!! Didn't realize you have to order a double or triple in order to get some beef the single burger also gad something all around it??? I believe these rave reviews are fake either that or a lot of people in Henderson don't have any taste when it comes to burgers I will stick with in and out burgers!! At least they are juicy and flavorful and you can taste the beef lolThe very first time I went to Freddy's everything was so good between the crispy fries and I had the grilled chicken breast with grilled onions. And they have the best concrete brownie ice cream, so good! Can't beat the sweet & salty!So with that being said, I was very satisfied with my first visit to Freddys. So I went with my family the second time and again order the grilled chicken breast sandwich. And two bites into my sandwich the chicken is a little rubbery, so I go to the front & no problems asked they make me a new one. The sandwich is much better just as delicious like the first time I went.A couple days ago my grandma & dad had a birthday so we all went out, and Freddys was our first choice. Repeatedly I got the chicken sandwich, and a couple bites in I could tell it was rubbery and just had a over cooked taste. So one of the workers could tell I was upset and came over to see how everything was doing, she was very apologetic and did ask me if I wanted a new one, but by then i was done. It's sad to say but I won't be backI spent $18 + on a combo meal, dessert and tip. Next time I will take my money back to a place that I know has real barbecue. I was a little bothered that Rollin Smoke had raised their prices but its still worth every penny. The reviews for this place are very misleading!So before I blast this place, let me begin by saying I have years of culinary expertise and training. I have ate at every American BBQ establishment in the Las Vegas/henderson area. I have waited until recently to eat here, because they were having a hard time getting opened at first, their days/hours were limited, and I couldn't seem to fit it into my schedule....(lights fuse)....So, I walk in, it smells like piss...(why stay you ask? BBQ I say!) Order 2 meat combo, brisket and ribs... more expensive than award winning establishments, but I'm willing to pay for good grub...about $16 bucks. Guy working pit and older gal at counter were very friendly. Food arrived super quick. Ribs were mushy, no bark, over cooked. Brisket was super salty, like brined for a decade salty, over cooked (maybe from laying in a vat of juices for hours?)...Mac and cheese was hard and bland, tasted like doctored box Mac that had a tactical warhead launched at it. BBQ beans would have been good if it weren't for the BBQ beans. The BBQ sauce tasted like Sweet Baby Rays or KC Masterpiece that someone doctored, triage style. Overall, a failure. The only thing right about this place was how friendly the staff was.I ordered the salami panini, my 18 yr old daughter ordered turkey and Swiss, we asked to eat them there!  Both paninis were not good, they were cold in the middle and warm around the edges, the lettuce and onions were wilted and soft, and there was very little meat and cheese on the sandwiches! My daughter, who wanted to eat there looked at me and said this is a BIG miss huh?I ate the warm edges and put the first half down and was going to eat the warm edges of the second half, picked it up and the bottom was soggy and just yucky!  Looked at daughter shoving the sand which in its bag and said yep miss! Looked at the counter to say something and everyone was busy with people, plus I was pretty upset that I spent 16$ and knew the possibility of making a scene was pretty high! So did some shopping and went to check out and put the sand which on the counter by accident and she went to ring it up again and I said that was horrible do not charge me for that again, she just looked at me as if English wasn't her language! I felt that was a passive aggressive way of saying you should refund me for that! But didn't fluster her a bit! I was not impressed with this store, went to the fish market and it had nothing different than my HT! It seemed smaller!Already discussed checkout, but as I was walking out 2 different bagging people cut me off as they were talking & ignoring customers! Upon realizing what one of them had done he said he was sorry, asked for me to go ahead and at that point I was done asked him to go ahead he wouldn't and very uncomfortably followed me out.The checkout physical lane was very small and wasn't set up very well for bagging with customers own bags! Not happy and not going to return!I told my daughter I felt bad that I had even ventured in there as I drove past my HT, felt like I was cheating on her!DomoniqueI was in the deli at 1:40 pm and there were at least five or six employees behind the counter doing various things. There was a lady with two small kids ahead of me. I waited five minutes assuming someone was helping her but then one of the deli employees strolled by and told us he'd be with us as soon as he could then walked away. I suppose I should have said something but instead I left and went to Harris teeter where they actually care. Five stars for selection and less than zero for service.Update 12/18/15- well folks nothing has changed here. Why precook things like chicken etc if you make it impossible for your customers to buy it?  How long do I have to wait when nobody else is in line? 10? 15 minutes?  Both Harris teeters and the public that are within 3 miles of fresh market have it figured out. Hopefully when fresh market has alienated all their customers and closed at this location something better will move in.Customer service was non-existent. 2 workers did say hi but that was it. They were busy chatting between themselves. The other juice bar was very helpful with info about their juices. Items seemed expensive too.Unfortunately I cannot tell you how good the quality of his work is because he didn't even want to come to our house. I called him to know if he could come one day to fix a problem of water pressure. On my first call he said that he wasn't available that week, on my second call, I left a message and he didn't call me back. So I called again and he told me to ask somebody else !!!! I guess that my problem wasn't worth enough money.....I'll find somebody elseThis place is unfortunately very disappointing.  The decore and atmosphere promise a nice hometown diner, but the food is bland and overpriced for what you receive, they are stingy with the food and toppings. The staff is very friendly and engaging but I can't give anything with such bad food more than one star. I mean how do you make bacon taste bad, BACON!! Should have been a tip off that it was nearly empty on a Saturday morning.This is my second time eating at Hometown Eats. The first time was good. Food was ok and the service was excellent.  In this visit however,  it took over 45 minutes to get our food.  I cut in to my eggs and got ready to take a bite and there was a long hair cooked in my egg. As discussing as this is,  I know this sort of thing happens. We informed the hostess at the reguster but all she did is say that they wouldn't charge us for the iced tea we drank before getting our meal.  Not that I would have accepted but I thought they would at least offer to re-make our food and maybe offer some sort of discount.  Nope, she just said I don't know how this happened,  we all wear nets.I went in with my little bro around 3 for a late lunch. I ordered a tuna melt, because I thought it was hard to mess up. Oh I was wrong, a tuna MELT implies it's a hot sandwich or at least the cheese would be melted, I got neither. My bro got the chicken fried chicken. They can cook a big chicken finger, good job. The neon yellow eggs he got looked and tasted terrible. The potatoes did look like from scratch but had no flavor. When I left the cashier/waiter asked me "How was everything?" I responded, " Not impressed." Then he replied "business is business, can't make everyone happy." That's the reason I'm writing this review. If you like cafeteria food go here, but Kaitlin's diner down on trop is ten times better, and black bear diner on sunset, is a close second.Wow...I'm surprised to see so many 5 star reviews... Guess we went on a bad day. We were seated at a dirty table, the waiter was not caring or efficient at all, the "crispy" fish sandwich was soggy, and I don't believe the prices were fair for the quality of food and service we received. The atmosphere in general was ok and the fries were actually pretty good...but we won't be going back. Hope I don't get raked over the coals for giving a bad review to this establishment since so many others seem to love it...i was eager to try this restaurant even though the last two times we tried to eat there they were closed for different reasons.First (and last) time there was on Thursday, June 11, 2015. I was treated to lunch by a client who suggested the place because it had just newly reopened under new management (yet again) We were seated immediately, but it took forever for the waiter to arrive and take our drink orders the menus were on printer paper attached to a clipboard. In my opinion; the service was slow, food mediocre. I have no idea what the check was because I didn't pay the bill. Even if I was allowed to eat there for free -- I would go elsewhere. My opinion for what it's worth -- STAY AWAY!We don't live very far from your new restaurant and have been there both for breakfast and lunch. The first few times for breakfast was good. Then my husband went there a couple times and service was awful and hamburger was dry and in his words, "it's like eating a piece of carboard". We figure, maybe the cook and server is new or having a bad day and will give them another few chances. Unfortunately out of the six times we have been there, only two times did we like it. The service is consistently bad and food not that great. I'm sorry to say we won't be returning to your restaurant. We were really hoping on having a great neighborhood restaurant in our area. I wish you the best of luck.Decided to try this place out. Ive seen plenty of businesses come and go at this location. The atmosphere is pleasant and music is oldies.  The service is awful and food is not very good from what we had. The server is nice and funny, but never ever checks on his tables. We saw him once and there was only 3 other people here. Our drinks never got refilled. The server is actually still talking to the table in front of us about his truck and where he lives. He is not attentive at all. The girl server came to refill my soda and when she came back she accidently spilled it all on me and the person in the next booth. She said sorry and asked if he would like a towel. She also can not remember what shes doing. We asked for ranch and she came back to our table asking if what we wanted again. We still have been sitting at this table for 15 mins or more waiting for a check or even a drink refill. This is some of the worst service i have ever had and the food is less than the equivalent of a dennys. Nothing special here to eat. And still after writing all this our server still hasn't come back.  I will never come back here and can't wait until this place goes out of business and this location gets another shot at a new restaurant. Final note. The only person in here that gave good service was the busserCan you give a place no stars? My boyfriend loved it - he got the brisket hash. I, however, hated it. Do NOT come here if you are in any way health conscious. My egg white omelet was soaked in oil. I even patted it with a napkin and it was still saturated. Pancakes are horrible. The servers were nice though.sat morn 9-19-15 terrible experience bad service bad food dirty table dirty bathroom tables unbussed what a disaste this place wont be around much longer i guaranteeEvery now and then you walk into a place and wonder why did I come here. I had read the reviews on here and wanted to try it. I really wanted to try their Chicken Fried Steak! After what seemed like an eternity someone shouted from the kitchen area to have a seat (the sign says wait for hostess) . After another eternity a man that hadn't shave for a month can and said "What ya want?", he did bring a menu. I got my coffee and asked if I could order. There was a yellow specials menu on the table and I said "I'll" have the Number 3. He grabbed the menu from me rather abruptly and said "That isn't good now!" I left! I asked at the front to speak to the manager and Mr. Clean Shave said "I am the manager!"  Maybe it would have helped if I spoke Spanish. NEVER again for me!I was there for lunch - they seem to specialize in breakfast and/or chicken fried steak.  I decided on the appetizer - Sliders.  menu stated that I could order 1 of each of the four selections.  Waiter say 'no', can't do that.  'They were in the process of changing the menu'  (Menu is typed out on old dirty plain paper on a clip board).  I then order 2 each of sloppy joes and pulled pork sliders.  After 35 minutes, I still had no food.  I left.

HVAC: Did not blow on my faceCheck in went very well and quick! Bell Desk was another story needs improvement.  Sports book needs updated TV monitors and they need to fix the broken ones.Hair dryer didn't work in room but was replaced immediately. TV didn't work correctly was fixed immediately.Pool area is under construction, service is the worst I've seen in a Vegas Strip Hotel. Do Not, I Repeat Do Not! Eat at the Ceasars Palace buffet, the worst buffet on the strip.The pool attendants, lifeguards, servers were all lazy arguing with each other and using ghetto slang to communicate, hilarious to watch but a sad state of affairs for the customer. Where is management and why aren't they training them.For few hundred dollars more you can stay at the ever fantastic Wynn Hotel and get pampered and treated like the high roller you want to be.This hotel is beautiful (if you don't go into a room).  I try to not write bad reviews but this has to be said...The hotel itself is wonderful, the forum shops are very nice and it has a great appeal because it is smack in the center of the strip. HOWEVER, when we stayed there last Christmas (Dec 2007)  it was less than impressive.  We went there to get away for the holidays.  The hotel didn't have our room ready so we checked our bags in with the bellmen.  No problem we were a bit early.  When we did get our room is was enormous.  Now you are thinking wow that's great.  Well that would be great if they didn't furnish it like it was the size of a closet.  It was so sparsely decorated it was odd. The room was very dated and warn like it seemed the last time someone remodeled it was when Elvis headlined in Vegas.  The bed was NOT comfortable and the linens seemed past their prime.  Ok so let me move on to the bathroom.  In a word....Disgusting. You have a white marble bathroom the least you can do is keep it clean.  The white marble is very dated aswell.   The touch-up painting was done by someone who apparently was painting with their left foot.  The towels were like sandpaper (and white towels should NOT have stains on them!!!! Use your imagination to figure that one out).It was so busy for Christmas and the hotel was actually sold out.  When we were checking in this fiercely dressed woman and her husband were complaining and wanted their room changed. Hmmm...I should have taken a tip. So when they were unable to get their room changed we didn't even bother to ask when we got to our room.  We thought we cold deal with it since we figured we wouldn't spend that much time there.  I know stupid. So we just went back to Vegas and what do we see?  A new tower being built for Caesars.  Ummm How about fixing what you currently have???This review is strictly a review of CP LAGO "BUFFET"PASS!!!!Although beautiful from the outside, Caesars just isn't that great inside. The buffet was a big let-down and it cost 26.00 for dinner...when you can see the entire buffet in one glance, thats just ridiculous!!! Our waiter looked like a washed up sailor. I asked him what kind of sodas they had, he then asked me what I wanted and told me no several times before giving me 3 options, on top of that he totally sprayed my face with his saliva while he spoke to me. Then when we came back with our plates...he brought each of us 2 sodas...I am assuming this is so that he has to do LESS work? 6 sodas on one table looks kind of ridiculous. I have never had a waiter do that to me ever. Super Lame. Do not come here for their buffet.This is based on the Buffet aloneDon't let the extravagance and massive size of Caesar's Palace

Ashley-4:08pm "I'll be at that location around 5pm"

2. shrimp has the peel on it, most places have no peel on it.

Than i though i would give the groupon to a friend and decided to leave, the waitress asked me to pay for the saki, we never drank. i asked me to talk to the manager , she said she will be back with the manager, and returns 5 mins later saying no manager on duty.I'm so not happy with their panties.  The elastic in them frays in no time at all.  I buy the t-backs that have lace on the sides.  The ones I buy at Victoria Secret last WAY longer.   Within a few washes, I have little tiny elastic pieces poking out everywhere.  I thought this was maybe a one time thing, so bought more pairs.  Same thing.  Crappy workmanship.  From now on, I'm going with VS.  Oh, and if they had a place where I could email them to complain, I wouldn't be writing here.  I would save Fredericks for play time where you only wear their items for special occasions.Really hate to tell y'all- there's no Fredricks of Hollywood in the Fashion Show Mall.So I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a long time and while I waited, my rating of this place has gone down to 1-star from a former would-be 5-star. So this is a final review, as I won't be coming back again.THE FOODThis being a gelato place, the criteria are simple: good choice of flavors and have gelato taste like gelato. I've been coming to this place for about 3 years and the variety has been dwindling overtime, taking a major hit in the past 6 months. There are now a good third less choices than there were initially. The fruit/berry flavors took the main hit and there are now very few pure flavors left, the rest are some sort of "mixes". The pear flavor I loved is long gone. One of the formerly gelato displays now houses ice cream cakes. I imagine they have a good profit margin, but may be the place should rename itself into Gelato-ish 32.Fine, selection has to cater to the customer base and there's little that can be done about poor and unimaginative tasting pallet of other regulars. But that's not an excuse for having stale waffle cones that lack any sort of crunchiness. My last waffle cone actually required some deliberate chewing and had the distinct left-too-long-in-the-back-of-the-cupboard aftertaste.As for the gelato itself, I could, of course, point to my street cred of having eaten gelato in Italy and it being much better, but there's no need for that. I've eaten much better gelato at this store not all that long ago. This appears to be nothing more than glorified, sometimes freezer burned, ice cream.Another thing that detracts from the gelato is the large amount of drying/dying fruits and berries put on top of each of the flavors for "display" purposes. Not appetizing in anyway whatsoever.SETTINGNothing has changed in this regard, thankfully. The place is easy to get to and you have a choice of sitting inside or out. The displays are conveniently placed and moving around is not a problem. Bathrooms are clean.SERVICEAnother area where this store has gone downhill. Getting a sample now is like watching nano-technological exhibition where the server-bot takes off the tiniest sliver of gelato possible so you have a chance at (maybe) figuring out its taste. The scooping is inconsistent as well, which is pretty impressive considering that ice cream scoops by nature are a consistent measuring tool .OTHERThe frequent "eater" cards have disappeared with the new owners, so there is one less reason to come back here. They do seem to have Wifi now, which should help you log online and find a different gelato place to go to.Don't waste your time or money here. Service sucks I felt it was a burden for them to take our money. Go to Frost at SanTan you can thank me later. If you like vanilla gelato with other things in it to make it taste like whatever the flavor is this is your place. Enjoy. Gave them one star because I can't figure out how to post with no stars. So it should be zero stars.Normally we get our daily/weekly gelato fix at "Frost" or at "That's Amore" which is only a few miles from home. However my boyfriend and I happened to be in Chandler today and instead of going to Frost, we thought we'd try Gelato 64. BAD MOVE. I normally do NOT post one-star reviews. In fact, if a business is that bad, I just don't return. However in this case, since I love gelato and hate to have people experience bad gelato, consider this review a "public service announcement". At 3:30pm on Monday, December 21, 2015 we walked in. No one in the front of the store. Bad first impression. Eventually an employee comes to the front of the store and I ask him "why is one entire gelato freezer empty?". He tells me that the freezer is broken. I ask "HOW long has the freezer been broken?" He replies "over a week". I then ask, "so I guess this means you DON'T have 48 flavors as advertised on your website?" He agrees. 2nd bad impression. False advertising. They use to have 64 flavors, now they are down BELOW 48 flavors ... Very soon I guess they will have to rename it "Gelato ?" As their gelato selections keep plummeting. LOLAnyway, I ask to taste a few flavors and can't seem to taste much flavor in anything but I eventually settle on a triple cone: mud pie chocolate, chocolate-banana, and wild berry. My boyfriend is easy, vanilla. His vanilla was totally tasteless. My flavors were okay but if comparing them to Frost or That's Amore, then there is NO comparison! The reason for my one-star review is coming up, so please read on. When we get into our car and start eating we both noticed that our cones had LARGE holes in the bottom. Even though we grabbed two napkins apiece, the thin napkins were not strong enough to stop the ice cream from leaking onto my Italian leather coat. (Ironically purchased in Rome, Italy) my boyfriend got vanilla ice cream on his jeans (no big deal) but try getting chocolate ice cream out of leather! I guess I will have a permanent reminder of this experience. But it gets worse...In the middle of eating my chocolate-banana scoop I notice a green & yellow worm (I've included a photo of my "holy" cone and the worm). I'm sure this worm was meant for perhaps another flavor, I didn't eat it, but I'm guessing it was a candy worm? Anyway, it just totally freaked me out seeing a worm in the middle of my cone. So between the "holy" leaking cones, the worm and the stain on my Italian leather coat, I'm giving Gelato 64 one star. If you love gelato, go to Frost, their cones DON'T come with holes! They actually come with protective paper sleeves. I LOVE the authentic flavor at Frost and when Frost serves you a sample it is a VERY generous spoonful. Also, I must add that Gelato 64 advertises wafer cones. The employee who waited on us told me that they have NEVER had wafer cones ... so again, there is ALOT of false advertising happening at Gelato 64. BUYER BEWARE!i will never understand this place.  the ice cream is horrible and yet there is a ready supply of college kids waiting to eat it.  the gimmick of watching someone add the bling to your ice cream seems to overshadow the actual taste of the end result.  i guess if you add enough accessories nobody will notice that the binding agent is worse than generic ice cream served in the dormitory cafeterias.  oh, i just figured it out, i get it now.I took my friends here for a treat because they helped me move and then BLECH. I was disgusted with both the ice cream and the flavorless, waxy chocolate-dipped cone that it came in.Other ice cream options:- Marble Slab Creamery in Savoy

The service also very poor. Two waiters in flirting and chating, didn't listen to the guest's calling. Empty plate on the table and no one clean. I never come again.I came here when they first opened and really liked the place. It was different than your average Korean bbq. But the last couple of time I was here I notice that the meat was not the same. I asked the server and she told me depends on the cut so I payed for the food that I was not happy with. Came back yesterday to give them a yet another chance. Same story the meat is a different cut. She didnt even say sorry didnt ask me if I wanted something else and then decided to ignore me for the rest of the night.Will not return here ever again. I recommend djk much better meat and staff.Not really Korean food! The food is so so! And the price is not cheap! I would not go anymore!It was messy the order they brought in the food. I paid fu%#^*+ $66.00 for the 2 person Gangnam special and they brought out the bi bim Bab(item with rice) last! You don't bring that when the meat is all done eating. We didn't get our drinks til half way through dinner. Other waiters kept coming by and asking if we got so and so. They basically don't have a tracking system of what you got. I will never waste money here again. Overpriced for what you get. It's not all you can eat. The meat trays are so small.First time in Las Vegas. Yelp recommended I try this restaurant because of the many reviews and positive feedback. The server sat us down and automatically spoke to us in Korean assuming we were Korean. He was very short with his words and seemed very unhappy to be at work.. We ordered prime rib Kalbi and another Kalbi and pork belly. Holy crap.... Pork belly isn't worth .70cents a piece. Kalbi was okay. Meat was tough but marinade was good.I am actually writing this review as we sit at this table and await our server to come by to ask if we need anything for once. Sat here for about 30 min without a single visit..... LOUSY SERVICE. I defintely won't be coming back to this place. Total rip off. Every thing you order on the side is extra so be careful!first time here and service was extremely poor. I dont know if it was short staffed because only two servers were working the late shift at 11pm. orders were wrong and so was the wait. no refills on water. get the check, no tip.Pay cash! BEWARE of thieves!!!!! Keep your receipt and check the final processed cost... Shame shame shame. I was fooled by appearances. At first what I thought was good friendly service was fake after all. After checking my bank statement, I realized that the waitress decided to give herself an extra tip on top of the tip we wrote on the check. Honestly I'm disappointed because the food was good and the service seemed friendly at the time.. It's a shame the waitress is a thief and ruined the experienceWas here a couple days ago. Their BBQ was good, their oysters were not. Got bad food poisoning.This is my very first Yelp review.  Yes, I found a restaurant bad enough to inspire me to write a review. We were drawn to this restaurant because of all of the positive reviews on Yelp.  I was surprised by the volume of reviews for such a small restaurant.  Because of this, I had high expectations for my meal and was extremely  disappointed.  The food was terrible and low quality.  Luckily, the food was so bad we only ate a small portion of the meal.  Yes, we were lucky because we returned home to stomach pains.

2nd they brought my husband an orchata that tasted burnt.

Stupid bitch, you guys make WAY MORE than that EVERYDAY on baggage fees alone!

food is okay, just okay.wait time for hot and sour soup is so long. the soup not even hot enough when i got it.I could see the warning signs when my friends said they wanted to eat here.  Fancy but somewhat nauseating decor (I can't explain it, but I had problems looking at the ceiling, it has some weird pattern to it). Techno music over the speakers.  Maybe I'm spoiled by living near San Francisco and having easy access to good, cheap Chinese food.  Kung pao chicken was average at best.  The sauce for ma po tofu was kind of unusual underneath the chili and spices.  And $2 for a small bowl of rice per person? Wow.   The one thing I didn't mind about this place were the noodles.  They had a nice texture, but unfortunately the broth was lukewarm.    Overall, not a place I would go to again.  Honestly, Panda Express may have been a better idea.The food just OK, which was surprising since it got rave reviews in the Denver Post.  Should have checked Yelp.  My mistake.Well, the decor was VERY cool, but it went downhill from there.There seemed to be a serious communication problem with the waitress.  She told use the portions were very small and that we need to order more.  So, we ordered the amount she recommended for the four of us.  Well, we got enough food for 6-8 people, which is silly since we were obviously tourists and couldn't take the leftovers with us.Also, I explained that my wife was a vegetarian.  But, we only got one true vegi dish.  Everything else had pork in it, which meant my wife couldn't eat it, which meant there was even more leftover food.  And, those other pork were greasy and just ok.If you're in Caesars Palace, see the cool decor here and then eat somewhere else.The staff rushed us to make an order telling us " Kitchen is closing" - this was at 10:10 pm and the sign says that they are open till 10:30. The waiter brought out each item as it was prepared leaving several persons at the table uncomfortably  eating as others waited for their food. Several item that we ordered did not show up and  when we questioned out waiter we were told that kitchen is closed in a  VERY RUDE manner.  The food ( what we got ) was good but this was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had....Gross. Overpriced and underwhelming. Noodles were worse than top Ramon. There way too many restaurants in las Vegas for you to choose this place.Went with my closest friends for our annual Christmas dinner, and we were all sorely disappointed.  Decor is interesting but very bright, and if you stare at them long enough, you'll get dizzy.  Food is okay, but extremely overpriced.  Food presentation is very unappetizing.  Ordered soup and it looked like dishwater with mushrooms floating on it.  For the price they charge, we at least expected a good portion of food, but expected too much again.  Service was undesirable.  Server obviously trying to avoid eye contact when she notice we need something.  She also acts as if we should be thankful that she's there to serve us.  One of the worst dining experience I've had in Vegas.My husband and I ate here dec 18 2010. And we ordered chow fun and some kind of noodle soup. Chow fun was $16 and the soup was $18. The service was bad. Not very friendly servers and also the manager staring on us while we were eating. I don't know why he was doing that. Anyway my husband said it was a waste of money paying $45 worth of food we paid. The food was not really good. And will not eat here again. We do not recommend this restaurant at all.Well, I randomly came across this Noodle shop as I was wondering around into the Caesar's Palace, which is like a rat maze that is designed to never let you out. I was told that Caesar's Palace has one of the big cocktail drinks that everyone seemed to be carrying around in the street and there I got stuck in search of the damn drink. I started to get hungry and came across a bright white restaurant with ridiculous gold fish tanks. I was told that they hand roll their noodles and make their dumplings, so I convinced our party to stop by for lunch. Oof. Big mistake! We ordered the Beijing noodles, seafood noodle soup, Shanghai dumplings, and kungpao shrimp. All of them were complete misses. I am not sure if it was just us, but we completely failed on all our dishes. It might have been just a coincidence, but I think not. I think this place just sucks. It is overpriced for such a noodle shop and I have been lured in by the damn fish tanks. Damn it! And for those reviewers who gave 5 stars, what the hell did you eat? And what have you eaten all your life? Dog food?I was hoping that this place would surprise me as it is the only location I have seen in Vegas that pulls their own noodles.  Coming from souther CA and growing up with Noodle House in Rowland Heights that pulled their own noodles too I was expecting a lot more than what we got.  The first tip that we should have left and not eaten there was the lack of big table for huge parties.  There were two on opposite ends of the restaurant that would seat 10 people at each table.  The decor was ultra modern that came out of a magazine but that didn't help the food. We ordered two dishes as we were eat an early dinner.  We had the pork and shrimp won tons with pulled noodles and the general tsao's chicken.  My biggest complaint was the food was BLAND!!!!  The broth that was with the noodles had no flavor.The chicken was bland as well.  Though I was hoping it would be more like a pepper sauce the dish was more of a peking style but was not sweet like I'm used to.  Overall I would not come back it was 45 for two dishes and water.MUST HAVE: One of the gold fishes in the tanks because there are way to many in them for it not to be cruel!!!! honestly if you gave this place more than 2 stars you need to get yourself down to chinatown on spring mountain and valley view and get yourself some WONTON NOODLES @ sam woo there because mannnnn are you missing out!!!! first off i understand the inflated prices but $16.50 (yes, SIXTEEN FIFTY) for what taste like water with the essence of chicken broth and noodles (which ok are decent). honestly this place is ridiculous!!! the design of the place is cool, but the food is what you are sitting down and paying for is not even close to being worth it, save yourself $16.50 and get a box of SHIN RAMEN.This place is barely any stars, the noodles are so bad. I can see them closing down soon if they don't change their menu. Several couples got up and walked out. I had the hand pulled noodles before and this is the worse. Don't waste your time and money here.I think this restaurant lured the customers for their fish tank. I would not recommend this place even if you are hungry.I ordered seafood noodle soup, it was lukewarm, 3 shrimps in a bowl and  tasteless. It was very disappointing.The portions are small, taste was average, and the price was expensive. Tasted better in downtown for way less the cost. 4 people cost over $150 and we left hungry!When you walk by this place in Caesars, you are automatically intrigued by the bright lighting, modern decor, fish tanks, and live demonstration of handmade noodles, but looks are deceiving when it comes to Noodle No. 9. Where to start...Service was horrible and slow. There are slight communication barriers as well, which do not help the experience. Waitresses were running around aimlessly like a chicken with its head cut off, so I suggest having all orders ready when attended to because who knows when you will be again. Although you may be even ready with your order because it takes them forever to get to you in the first place. Don't expect much from the food too. Noodle soups and dishes were amazingly bland and tasteless. Food came in reasonable large portions, but when you factor in the taste, you pay too high a price for below average Chinese food. I did enjoy my shui mai appetizer, whether they were freshly made or not, they were pretty good... and huge too, it was shui mai on steroids!They also have a good selection of teas. We got the Thai iced tea, and although it is known for its sweetness, this tea was over the top way too sweet. We also ordered one of the Jasmine iced teas with boba. Their iced teas are refreshingly sweet, a cup of that to go while you are walking in the 100 degree desert weather isn't such a bad idea. Overall, try this place at your own risk, but you have been forewarned and have a high chance of walking out disappointed.For the love of God, if you see this place....run.My girlfriend and I were unfortunate victims of this restaurant.  Having just flown into Vegas from New York that morning, maybe we were jetlagged.  Maybe the brightly lighted fish tanks allured us.   But alas, the fates took us here and it ruined our entire evening.We were walking around Caesar's Palace and saw advertisements.  "A noodle bar?"  It sounded quirky and interesting enough, an honestly delightful complement to all the other restaurant reservations we had made for the rest of our trip.  So we strolled in, after quickly reading a few Yelp reviews.  They weren't positive.We had figured that perhaps some people were too harsh, and the reviews were mixed.  Well, I should have figured something was up when the person with the most check-ins for this restaurant was our hostess.   And it began.Taking a seat, I couldn't help notice that as opposed to the normal restaurant attire of Vegas, most of the other patrons were wearing t-shirts, shorts, and swim trunks.  At 7 pm at night.  I shrugged it off, and looked towards my girlfriend who was trying to piece together the atmosphere as it was her first time in Vegas.  We trucked on and ordered.The food arrived 5 minutes later.  Never a good sign, I've learned.  The pork buns themselves were okay..but horribly overpriced.  Our noodle dish however, left us in such disbelief that we called over the waiter. As opposed to its 22 dollar price tag, we had gotten lo-mein made with spaghetti.  In sheer disbelief, we called over the waiter as we had felt like we were massively gutted.   We had gotten a noodle dish so terrible, I would have gladly preferred to go to the local mall, and gotten food court lo mein.  Because we're troopers, we finished the meal and reached for our check.  Still hungry, we noticed that the price tag of the meal was 50 dollars.   For a small dish of what was lo mein, badly cooked chicken, and pork buns that practically defined mediocre.It may have ruined our evening, but don't let it ruin yours.  Please avoid this place, and find any other establishment.  ANY OTHER PLACE.  This is a waste of your time, money, and honestly, is a blackmark on a pretty great hotel.   But hey, at least they have pretty fish.Two words...  Tourist trap!   high price and food is mediocre.  Snap a pic of the gold fishes and move on.  :(Maybe I am biased/spoiled by the Chinese/Japanese/Vietnamese food in Houston, TX, but man this food was awful and waaaaay overpriced, even for vegas standards.  $17 for a plate of fried rice?  Really?  No rice with my bland General Tso's?  Watching the guy do the noodles was cool and the gold fish tanks were a nice site as well as the entire etched sheet metal ceiling and walls, but the food was meh.First you are lured in by the attraction of the fish tank.  It's all very deceiving, Chinese servers and it's of course, over-priced, so you think to yourself, perhaps I'll go ahead and treat myself to this restaurant transplant from Shanghai.You are mistaken.  Turn around and find  better food at a better price at a dive somewhere off the strip.The Xiao Long Bao's skin was tough and the shrimp noodle soup was tasteless and had three small shrimp.When reminiscing upon my experience at Beijing Noodle No. 9, one of my standard catchphrases comes to mind - UGH.  My friends had chosen it based on convenience, since we were staying in the hotel and were already in need of a nap.  My foodie alarm definitely sounded at this appalling selection. The service here was very straightforward and certainly not accompanied by a smile.  The food was pretty terrible as well, with most items doused in salt.  The Sweet Red Bean Buns were perfectly moist and stuffed with the dessert-like paste.  This was the sole highlight of the meal.  The Hand-Pulled Noodles were mediocre at best and rather mushy, in actuality.  The Diced Eggplant Sauce that covered the noodles was so salty that no amount of water managed to rehydrate us.  The Seafood and Egg White Fried Rice was unmemorable and similarly salty.  The main feature that this dining establishment has going for it is the futuristic, white decor that makes you feel as if you are in a spaceship.  The beautiful fish tank also enhances the atmosphere.  However, with so many great restaurants in town, Beijing Noodle No. 9 is not worth your time...or even this rhyme!Wow.Wish I had checked Yelp before eating here.The place is kinda neat looking - bunch of little goldfish, some of which swim upside down (for fun??)Food is terrible.  Don't be fooled by the cheong-sam dressed Asians they have at the front.  Actually, that should have been a warning sign.  It being a "Chinese restaurant" in Caesar's should have been warning enough.The place advertises itself as "authentic" hand-pulled noodles.Yes, it's noodles.  And NO, it ain't authentic.Supposedly their "best-seller" was the hand pulled noodles with shrimp/pork wontons.  The noodles were the WORST I have had in a long time.  Soggy, sad, thin little things with no texture.  Wontons were nothing to write home about.  Soup was on par with Cup O Noodles broth.  A relatively small bowl of -- blah -- for:                                        ****   $17.00  ****Tip: DON'T GO.Or, if you must go, don't expect authentic food.(ps - the one star is for the cute fish!)Wish I could have Yelp this place before taking my fiance here for a quick dinner. Lured by the giant golden fish tank, I was hopping this place will at least have a decent modern Chinese cuisine that equally match with its contemporary design. WRONG WRONG WRONG, The food is TASTELESS, OVERPRICED even though the service is the only one thing that is acceptable. I had the most Yucky Singapore style noodles and wonton soup in my life. SERIOUSLY, how could you go wrong with wonton noodles? This place seriously needs A NEW CHEF!Horrible service!! Three of us ate here this past Sunday, 11/20/11. Our server, I think his name was Tony, took our order without explaining that the entrees do not come with rice. That alone is not too bad and we dealt with it. The problem is Tony never checked back with us the entire time we were there! We had to order the rice from a different server. We also didn't have any soy sauce on our table which all the other tables did have. Again no one stopped by our table so we could not ask for a bottle of soy sauce so we just had to take one from a different table.Yes the food was pretty good, but overall this restaurant is totally not worth the price!($17 for three glasses of iced tea?! Our overall bill was $75.) There are plenty of other great restaurants on the Strip where you will get great food and excellent service. I will never go back to this restaurant!Worst customer service ever! asked me to wait for 30 mins, after a long wait of 1hr they asked me wait another 1hour and also suggested us go to another restaurant.. And the reason they gave is "technical issues". Wish yelp allows me to give a 0.25 on review.What a rip off! Crappy food at ridiculous prices.I ordered soup and kung pao chicken - neither were very good - and was charged $9 for the soup, $20 for the entree and $5 extra if I wanted noodles. And that was for lunch. The quality was below a Pei Wei or Panda Express. Really!The wait staff had absolutely no personality and seemed like they couldn't care less about anything other than taking your order and slinging it out.Went to dinner here on 12-29-2011. The place was jumping, and we had to wait a few minutes. While waiting, we watched one of the chefs expertly making hand-made noodles. We were excited to eat hand-made noodles.Unfortunately, the food did not live up to the anticipation. The noodles were overpriced and small in portion, compared to what you would get in Chinatown.  I had the Lan Zhou noodle. I lived in Monterey Park, CA, for a number of years and was used to high quality Chinese noodle dishes. The handmade noodle at Beijing No. 9 tasted good and was properly cooked. However, the broth it was swimming in was weak and lacked punch, and perhaps cooked to appeal to broader tastes. My partner had a noodle salad dish that was overpowered by Hoisin sauce and ruined by tough tiny chunks of beef that resembled cat food. The Lan Zhou noodle came with thin meager slices of beef that was quite flavorful. We shared the Hainanese chicken dish. I've had this dish in Southeast Asia, and it is one of my favorite chicken and rice dishes. At Beijing No. 9, the rice was dry, the chicken slices were pathetically nonexistent and bony (and did not include the breast meat with skin), and they did not serve the dish with a side of chicken broth like other restaurants do. Awful dish for about twenty dollars.We went to this restaurant because it was highly recommended and they received rave reviews from Bon Appetit. We would not have minded paying the higher prices if the dishes had been remotely good. However, only go here if you're trapped at Caesar's and can't get to Chinatown. If you can get off the strip, go to the myriad noodle places and Chinese restaurants in Chinatown for superb noodles at less than half the price they charge at Caesar's. Finally, I'm wondering how wise it is to put so many goldfish in the tanks; they seemed to have no space to move around. There's no reason to subject the goldfish to such overcrowding.**Disclaimer: I absolutely hate leaving a bad review but this one deserved it...we've dined here once before.Food (& ratings):

Made one on Open Table but alas they did not get it. They put us down for the time we originally had 9:30 but did not get seated till 10:15. Had an awkward moment as we almost sat down in someone's table. However it was First Friday so cest la vie. Ambiance.Great. Downtown is a great spot to have a restaurant. It started to sprinkle on our outside table. Asked if we could have a large umbrella that looked available to cover us. Their response 'not really'. Service.

Please bear with me while I rant...   I too am in the Las Vegas customer service industry and know how very important a business reputation is, how potential business growth or decline is affected, how communication can either make a customer experience wonderful or guarantee an unhappy event.  I'm very aware that problems are inevitable, but it's how those problems are addressed, solutions provided, and rectified that matters most.

Overall, when you (eventually) get these people on the phone, they aren't concerned about customer service. I will never use their service ever again.The worst! Their customer service is preposterous! My parents got a free modem from them when they signed up and have been a customer with them for 30 years. I ask if they can waive the modem fee and the supervisor gets on the phone to tell me, in the most condescending tone, that I should just go to Walmart and buy one for $30 and that I can afford $10 a month, can't I? My answer was a big fat, "No!" Either way, whether they could give me a free modem or not, I do not appreciate how I was treated today and I haven't even bought the service! He also had the nerve to condescendingly explain to me the different between WiFi and Internet as if I didn't already know. A supervisor was arguing with me! A supervisor! These people have no respect. Also, the representative hung up on me.Century Link speed, customer service on a scale of 1-5 # 1 poor is -1. This company sucks at all levels.after poor service I cancelled.

Not particularly fond of.And then there was the Sauces.

I believe there is a problem with the MGM managment (or whoever manages both Hakkasan and their dayclub counterpart Wet Republic) because me and my friends were here on Cinco De Mayo weekend and had a Horrible experience with the Bouncers at both clubs.Wet Republic:

Vegetables - DI have a lot of Lamb in my life and that was by far some of the toughest I have had but it did have great flavor... The broccoli was cut way to big and over cooked the only thing that save the meal was the side of the sauce I got they put on the lamb I drowned everything in it.  I will say I will not be back anytime soon.I first want to preface this review by letting the reader know that my wife and I are not super picky in terms of food preparation or service. That being said, this was by far the worst dining experience that we have ever had. We arrived on a Saturday night around 7:50 and the "Open" sign was on, but the place was empty. The TV over the bar was turned off and we had to wait a couple of minutes for someone to walk up to the register to take our order. No big deal. We ordered our food and grabbed a seat outside on the patio. Our food arrived and my wife's gyro was cold and the lamb and beef in my souvlaki plate was literally raw. I had ordered it medium and I will eat meat rare if the cook under cooks it, but this was raw except for the outside being seared. Before we had a chance to say anything, the "Open" sign was turned off and the lights inside the restaurant were also flipped off. My wife went in to leave a few dollars in the tip jar, despite the cold and raw meat and asked what was going on. The woman said that it had been slow all day and she called the manager to ask if she could close early. He had said yes, so she began shutting the place down a couple of minutes after she brought us our food. I'm not just talking about doing a little bit of cleaning; all the lights inside were turned off, the cook was stacking the outside chairs around us as we were eating on the patio and the other worker had already pulled up her car to the side door of the place. We could see the two employees back in the stock room staring at us as outside as we wolfed down our cold/raw dinner. It's not like we had rolled up to a place that closes at 11 pm at 10:59.We talked about asking for our money back right then and there, but thought it would be a better idea to talk with the manager the next day and ask him his reasoning for closing down a restaurant on a Saturday night while guests were in the middle of their meal. In an area full of choices to eat at, local businesses can't afford to have willy nilly hours. In fact, while we were eating, five more people tried to order, but the workers turned them away at 8:10 pm....on a Saturday night! We should have gone to Picazzos next door which was packed for a reason; the owners must have a much better understanding of a good business model.My experience at Gaynor's was awful at best.My husband and I signed up for a Mediterranean cooking class and we were really excited for it.  We walk in and 30 people are just standing there staring at us.  No one greets you, no one tells you were to go, what to do or what to expect.  So we just waited around like everyone else.When the "teacher" finally made herself known, the first command was to split into groups.  Because everyone knows that 30 strangers want nothing more than to have find people to team up with.  Awkward!  Once that was accomplished, recipe packets were handed out.  And that's it.  Go!  No instructions.  No demonstrations.  A few "bowls are over there", "flour is over here" type directional, but we were on our own. This was NOT a class.  This was cooking chaos in Hell's Kitchen.  People are running all over, you can't find anything and when you do find the dang salt you were looking for for 10 minutes, someone else just snagged it.  It was disorganized, the instructor was obviously annoyed when asked for help, and I also could not believe we were never asked of any food allergies.    I will never waste my money here again and I certainly would not recommend this place to anyone.  It was a waste of time and money.Holy unorganized!  I didn't bring nearly enough wine to make this Friday night sushi making class fun.   Here's the scoop.  The menu looked amazing and I have always wanted to know how to make sushi, so I shelled out the $95 and came ready to learn.  The intro is a short history of sushi (which is read word for word from the handout by the instructor) and a quick demo of a couple of techniques (with a napkin - not actual ingredients).  There was also a review of each recipe, where we discovered that we didn't all have the same recipes in our handouts.  I gotta admit, I was hoping for more professional recipe cards or something, but this was really the least of their problems...   After the intro, he divides us into two groups of six.  Each group is responsible for half the menu items, which basically means that you only learn how to make the half you are randomly assigned.  The stuff I really wanted to know was assigned to the other group and then I really only partially participated in 2 of the dishes assigned to our group, so I learned about a quarter of what I really hoped to learn.  Once you have your groups, he basically says "go" and each group is to make their assigned dishes from the recipes provided.  This part of the process had three major malfunctions.  - First, there was no guidance whatsoever, so we were left to figure out how to split the prep for 3 different recipes among six strangers on our own.  Talk about too many cooks in the kitchen.   What a cluster!   He also accidentally had assigned one dish to both groups, which meant that one dish wasn't assigned at all.   We figured this out an hour in.  - Second, we had to go back several times and prep more of certain ingredients because the recipe didn't call for enough to accommodate a classroom environment where not everyone measures everything exactly. - Third, there is an assumption that you actually know how to cook and prep and read a recipe.  Since there is really no instruction, you are going to have a hard time if you don't know the basics (julienning a carrot, etc.).  The recipes were not terribly well-written, so we did a lot of guessing.So onto the prep.  After we loosely figured out who needed to do what, we started prep.   Many of the ingredients looked less than fresh (wilted cilantro, rotten garlic, over-ripe avocados, etc.) which made me concerned about the quality of the fish.  We also ran out of several ingredients.  Every knife I picked up was dull.  They are a cooking school, so I feel like they should be on top of that...All told, the intro and prep portions of the evening took about 2.5 hours because it was so unorganized.  I spent a good hour of that time standing around.  We were all sort of on top of each other, so it was hard to observe or go and help those who weren't done without just being in the way.  The other major issue I had was that there was ABSOLUTELY NO ATTENTION PAID TO SANITATION OR FOOD SAFETY.  No one was instructed to wash their hands.  One person prepped raw pork on a cutting board and didn't even rinse it before cutting up a cucumber (a raw cucumber that went into food that everyone ate).  Tasting was done with fingers.  I typically wouldn't think twice about sharing a fork or double-dipping, etc.; but even I was sort of appalled by the whole process.   We did finally get a meal together at the end of the day.  And I do mean the end.  The class was scheduled from 6-9 and it was almost 10 before we ate a single bite.  I was starving, but didn't really want to feast at 10pm, so I ate less than half of what was on my plate.   There was a ton of food for sure and it was actually pretty good, but I don't think I could replicate much of it at home and I don't think the experience was worth the $95 I paid.   All in all, this could have been so much fun.  With a few tweaks and a whole lot of organization, I'd want to take every class they offer.  As is, I'd be hard-pressed to give it another try.I stopped in to the shop on a week day in the morning to discuss having a wedding cake done with them and to set up a tasting. They handed me a brochure and told me to look things up online. They told me to fill out their online form, which I did when I got home. I met Wade at the store and he said they were available on my wedding date. BUT I have not heard back from them! I received an email receipt for my online form request saying they'd get back to me in 48 hours... It's been exactly 2 weeks and ivd heard nothing. Disappointed to say the least.Worst cupcakes ever...especially for the price you pay.  They did not taste well, were not very big for the price you pay, and do not have that great of a variety.  Gigi's cupcakes are so much better and cost the same as cupcakes a go go.  You definitely get what you pay for at Gigi's, the variety is amazing and they are always fresh, the store is clean, and the workers are extremely nice and helpful.  I was extremely disappointed with cupcakes a go go and will never go back.  I couldn't even finish the cupcakes after taking a bite they were that gross.  And don't even think about buying them from Metcalfe's grocery store as most of them have been sitting there for a week or more.  Gross!The frosting is cream cheese.  I hate cream cheese. No where on their display does it say cream cheese frosting.  It's suppose to be buttercream!!!When I called the morning of - admittedly late notice - to request delivery of a dozen cupcakes for a friend's birthday, I was told they would do it, but because they wanted the business and could "squeeze it in". I gave them multiple "outs", but they insisted it was OK, although the rest of the conversation was hurried and unpleasant. I gave them all the information they requested, and was told the delivery would take place during a time window. Great. Not delightful as far as business interactions go, but certainly fine so far. Plus online reviews raved about their cupcakes, so I was willing to accept some mediocre service if the end product was good.During the window of delivery, I get a call saying that they don't know how to get in the building and the "info" booth line is too long for them to wait in.Now, a few things: 1) I told them I was an out of towner that morning, 2) I told them it was a surprise and that they would be delivering to my friend's workplace.I was asked if I could call my friend (no, I could not, she was in a meeting) or if I knew any of her coworkers (no, I would have had them help out if I knew any of them-also, did I mention I'm an out of stater? Yes, yes I did). Then the employee got silent, and then outwardly and vocally frustrated. With me, his customer. 10 minutes later, he called back (at my request, mind you) to say it was easy and everything was delivered. All he had to do was wait in line.Here's the thing: if you knew you couldn't do this, then DO NOT overextend yourself. I offered them multiple "outs" and alternatives not only when I first called but also when I was called -during 9-5 work hours, mind you - to fix a delivery situation a local businessman put himself into willingly.It was a stressful situation for me, and I felt - at multiple points in the day - that I was an annoyance to them, a hindrance to their normal daily business. I certainly hope the cupcakes were as delicious as reviews said, although I'm not sure they will be tasty enough to ever wash this bitter taste out of my mouth.Starvation brought me and my girlfriend. We went inside Wynn's Pizza Place because it was the only place that was not elitist aka economically segregated (their buffet costs $69 per person). It was a joke, a big slap to the po' people. The waiters and all the employees looked like Resident evil Zombies except they don't attack you. We ordered a vegetable pizza with pepperoni, ceasar salad and two drinks. The cashier could not do basic math in his head (divide the total price 34.05 by two). The other cashier looked at my Italia jacket and knew that they were in trouble. They told us that the food would be ready in 20 minutes. They gave us our $4 fountain drinks (It was a McDonalds Small, their only size). They then gave us our ceasar salad which seriously I could make since the romaine lettice was all the salad. They gave us a pepperoni pizza, funny thing is I could have sworn my girlfriend who is more vocal than I told them that she wanted a vegetable pizza with pepperoni. The pizza was not good. It was greasy and could be made at Sbarro. In the end don't go to this rip off if you are starving.Grade: FSmall hairs in our gelato. Gross. So very gross. Pizza was good, new York style. Cheese pizza, meaty, & mushroom pizzas were all fine but our experience was ruined after finding hair on our gelato. Wow. Complained nicely to the main food manager, Matthew,  and he was very professional & understanding. He gave us a food credit for the mishap, but as it was a sanitary issue, there is just no excuse from a 5-star venue. I will write a separate review on Wynn which will include the prompt response from Matthew.People will eat here nevertheless, as it's easy, quick and affordable. But just make sure you look at your food before you eat! Restaurants are hard and these things happen everywhere, but when you are a part of a 5-star establishment, the standards are higher. Look before you eat is all I have to say! Ick!Came here for the fries that used to be stellar. Ended up getting grease logged potato sticks. Sent them back and they sent me the same fries just reheated in the microwave. So disappointed. I will never return here and will tell all my friends that I once recommended to this place about the bad news.Incredibly Rude, rude, rude!! The absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced! I believe in supporting local businesses but will definitely look elsewhere for a florist.I called requesting a stylist that had an expertise in baby fine blonde hair. I left a 90second voice mail and received a call back from Brittany and we spoke for 10mins where I clearly explained what I wanted. Low lights of brown in my light blonde hair, not too many, just to give my hair depth and the make my blue eyes even more bright blue. I was clear that I hated ash tones and didn't want any. I got so many low lights that it resulted in an all over color of a dull, ashy, dirty blonde. Brittany after the process realized I didn't get what I requested and told me to "let her know if I wanted darker strips put in?" Her station is beside a red neon sign that casts a red hue on the hair making it impossible to determine the color you actually have. I left and once in natural light knew I hated it. I cried, I'd lost my shine and now was a muddy blonde. My neighbor talked me into texting her about it. "Give her the chance to do the right thing." I did and we scheduled an appointment. Upon going in Brittany was cold, and then grabbed another stylist who was more experienced. That stylist immediately moved me from the chair beside the neon light to her station to determine my actual color. I was uncomfortable  as I felt bad that I wasn't happy and was having her redo it. I brought my friend and we both clarified I wanted to be blonde with brown streaks. I did NOT want all over color, I did NOT want any ASH tones and I did NOT want to have brown hair. The experienced stylist was clear then Brittany started the process. It took almost 3 hours. Of doing tons of little lowlights. Both my friend and I tried to make the conversation nice, and light. I didn't know then that if you do too many lowlights it results in an all over color appearance. Well that is what I got. An all over gray, green, ashy color and lost all my blonde. All my shine. I am sick over it and cry constantly.I went to Dylan's based on reviews I found on line, however, I didn't have the same success that others have had.  Shawn cut and colored my hair. I wanted low lights on medium brown hair.  I got bullion gold highlights.  Shawn guarantees her work for 7 days and I took her up on it.  She washed the gold out along with the medium brown base color.  Needless to say I still have bullion gold highlights but now I have a gold base.  Her cut was average similar to something I could have gotten at Supercuts and I wouldn't have spent $150 for the experience.I'm sure Dylan's has some talented stylists but Shawn is not one of them.Well. Where Do I start.  From the microwaved Philly Cheese steak, a minimum is 15$ per hr. Policy that I was told 3 different times and still trying to find out what was that all about. ESPN was there a moved out. This place is a big joke with food tab too boot  Your better off going to Hard Rock Cafe by all means!!! For better food & times.Took 20 minutes for waitress to notice we had been seated and another 20 to get the food. Garlic fries were a joke, very little garlic on regular steak fries. Wings were decent but nothing to brag about.In terms of atmosphere, if you think you are going to watch your favorite team play think again. Restaurant dictates what games they show and do not accept customer request. Waitress actually lied when I asked and said they don't have a specific channel in the main dining room that they had in the bar. Huge let down and disappointing experience.Don't go.. really poor service.  Sat and waited for 25min to get a beer no such luck.   The servers just kept walking by me like I was invisible.   I could understand if they were busy but I was the only one sitting in my row.  I just don't get it.   Told the manager and then left.What a dive!!! Food quality has gone down since I was there last January. I don't think they are long for this world.Well, if you want to watch a game this place has Plenty of tv's. In regard to food my experience did not go well. For example i ordered some Spicy shrimp. They were to served simular to hot wings. The shrimp were very large Which was cool. But the Batter that was on the shrimp basically turned to mush. Plus the Batter did not stay on the shrimp. Which was a good thing because I removed the Batter so, could Eat a couple shrimp and go find another place to Eat and watch the game.No no no....Came to this place just because we wanted some food, but everything came out cold/luke warm..the buffalo wings were only ookkkayyy..and the steak nachos..just terrible. Just those two items and a drink came out to $40 - I would have rather had panda express or mcdonalds..5 times over.I never actually got to go in here. They have very limited hours of operation. They are only open after 4:00 or 4:30 and mostly during game-time. I had to ask the bar tender at Pour 24 if there was any posted hours. He made a call and stated as I had listed above.

4. if it wasn't imitation cheese its the saltiest cheese i have ever had.

our second round.  We had to go up to the bar and ask a bartender to

colt goes postal reaches in the register grabs money throws it at me,then tells me he hates his job, i leave in utter disbelief

And to the disrespectful floor person (you know who you are)Hopefully a much younger employee can assist you with getting onto the email machine to read this review.

$10 for weave (sewing down has always been part of weave maintenance, and she literally did 3 minutes of sewing total). I was irritated, but decided not to argue. I tipped 26% to show it's not about the money, but I will NOT be going back to Mark and Anthony Hair Salon. I'm much better driving out somewhere not so convenient where they'll listen to instructions and not extort money from the customer to make up for time that they caused to be wasted in the first place.DO NOT GO THERE. I lost 6 inches of my hair because of this place!! I went there for the first time and had my hair done with Tee. I asked for an ombre with darker roots (my hair is dark brown) and I already had highlights on. I spent 4 hours there and my hair came out ORANGE with red roots! I looked absolutely awful and it wasn't anything close to what I asked for. I went back an hour later and asked them to fix my hair. Spent more 4 hours at the salon and left looking even worse. My hair started to fall out while I was at the salon and they did absolutely nothing! I left there with my hair falling out and looking absolutely terrible. They literally cooked my hair, and I lost 6 inches of it! I went to a different place on the next day and all the hairstylists were terrified with what happened to my hair and said they had never seen worse job in their lives. It was all damaged and the color was so ugly. I had 6 inches of my hair cut off and I used to have really long, pretty hair. Now my hair is half of its old length because of Mark and Anthony Salon. Not only that, but when I called they said it would cost $60, I ended up paying $150! I asked for a refund and they gave it to me right away, but they can never give me my hair back or all the money I had to spend at the new salon and with all the products I have to use it now to fix what they did. It's going to take about an year for my hair to grow out and not to be damaged anymore. I've never regretted something as much as going to that place. By any means, do not go there if you care about your hair. Don't make the same mistake I did.This place is horrible. They completely OVERBOOK. A 2:00 appointment means that you might get in a chair at 4:00. Anthony, trying to make as much money as possible, without be considerate of his customers, will work on two customers at the same time. This place is very unprofessional and has a lot of sexual stuff going on here.Sorry but the gyro I had yesterday (chicken) was terrible. Bland chicken, sad tomato and lettuce. I would have gotten lamb but they said it wasn't 100% lamb. Not into mystery meat. I've tried this food every year for about 3 yrs, and I've never been impressed. I seriously don't get the draw. Probably the same people who think Primanti bros is amazing. Not going to this again.Pretty crowded Starbucks with the typical college crowd since it's located in Oakland. Cashiers are a bit rude when I'm asking for refills (1st one of the day...after spending $6 on a latte). Not all the employees are up to date on their company policy regarding refills either, was told today I could only get coffee.Why do people give Kiva Han four stars but their comments say that it deserves far fewer?I'm speculating its because most of us WANT to like Kiva Han. We walk into the store really really wanting to like the place. We appreciate the decor and art on the walls. We like how the funky people behind the counter act and look. And yet....We'll wait 40 minutes for the food to come, and its not even in the works yet (no, its not crowded and the place isn't understaffed). We'll order what we know to be good (Granola, Hangover Cure) and forgive the place for the not so good (California wrap). We wish certain things would improve, but know it wont because Kiva Han doesn't have any competition for what its selling, and its not coffee.I've ordered food here 8 times, and I leave the store having had the food 4 times. I've heard about the slow food movement, it doesn't apply to when the food never actually gets made. Perhaps they're existentialists and are serving up a big helping of "void" which I am unable to appreciate. I don't care what it is, a 50% service rate is inexcusable.Check out the other reviews, I'm not saying anything different, but for some reason, but their ratings are too high for what they're telling you: extremely poor service and hit/miss food.Pretty disappointed in the customer service. I booked 1 room for 2 nights, had an emergency / last-minute need to cancel/change my reservation and they refused to refund anything (according to "Paula"). I can understandably pay for the first night we didn't stay, but requiring me to pay for the second when we never checked in, thus aren't in the room, and have been trying to cancel quite early on in the day is bad business.Stayed at the hotel for 3 night. It is a decent place. Price a bit high for what you get.The issue I had with them was that, I was called at 5:30am by the front desk telling me that my credit card declined. When I complained about the time of the call being inappropriate, I am being told that the lady at the front desk is responsible since she checked me in. No apology given.First of all the place is smelly!  It smells like feet and wet cardborad.I bought a plain bagel with cream cheese, turkey, and tomatoe. It was decent. However, I bought chocolate milk and I did not notice it was expired until I tasted it. It was gross. They asked if I wanted to exchange it, but I noticed all the milk cartoons were expired. Then my friend ordered a cinnamon bagel and he wanted it toasted and they said no because it would "catch on  fire cos it has sugar on top." Instead, they microwaved it, which left it slimy and gross! He returned it and the women seemed quiet annoyed.Worst whole wheat bagel I've ever had. I was starving and still couldn't finish it. Yuck, would not recommend going here at all.Next time I'm going to the McDonald's next door. Egg and bacon were heated up in a microwave. Egg was greenish, bacon was fatty and chewy....Worst experience ever. He was rough and didn't seem to care about how I was feeling. Just wanted to finish the procedure and move on to the next person.  I was very uncomfortable. I was swollen the next day and when I called the office they never returned my call. Don't go here.Abusive, threatening manager.  Had a deal to store goods for a moving company in town, and I was pressured to use discounted storage here (they matched price of my other choice).  The manager pulled some mob type of threats, screamed at me on the phone, and threatened to put my stuff out on the side of the road and said he would claim he'd never seen it.  Worst, most unprofessional place I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with.  The other reviews look fake to me.  I asked for owner and contact information and he flat refused to give it to me.  Eventually, I looked up the owner on secretary of state website and contacted him in New Jersey.  Owner did help, but still keeps this crooked manager on the payroll.  Do not trust!Valentina's Day promotion: heart-shaped pizza. Valentine's Day pizza picked up: wrong crust, lukewarm. Very NOT heart-shaped. Think you can romance a lady with a cheesy (HA!) V-Day treat? NOPE. Thanks for the blue balls, PJ's.Highly disappointed with service and quality. Pizza was cold, smashed and with incorrect toppings. It also arrived late. I won't be returning.I have never used this tailor and can't speak to his work. But he *did* tell my sister-in-law to "go back to Mexico," so if you want a rude racist to be your tailor, go for it!good friendly staff but this is the only place i have ever sent food back at. it was just not good at all.Had dinner there last night and was terribly disappointed.  The wine that was recommended was terrible and we had to ask for water twice.   The waiter was the owner's son and the owner and his wife were at the table beside us.    Appetizer took 45 minutes (Bruschetta) and seemed to have canned mushrooms on it.   You could taste the brine.    Finally asked for bread and a salad from a passing waitress who ended up being the one to bring it to us.   Our waiter had disappeared.   He reappeared 30 minutes later to bring our entrees.    My date had something with chicken and pasta with marinara and I had the scallops and marinara.   The sauce was terrible and seemed more like a paste than a traditional marinara.   Not fresh at all.   The scallops were chewy and had no flavor.   2.5 hours and $120 later and I will NEVER return.   Absolutely awful.  Oh yeah, the salad consisted of nothing but lettuce and one beet and the dressing was terrible.The fact they say they make Italian food is embarrassing. The Olive Garden is better. My mothers fiancée couldn't even finish his meal. The setting is nice and looks beautiful inside. But this place isn't Italian.Way overpriced for average food and less than average atmosphere.I asked at my hotel for a nearby restaurant, and was directed to Zarra's, right across the street.  It's a little deceptive--you have to go through a bar in the front to the actual restaurant, where the decor is very nice, and the staff is friendly...and unbelievably incompetent.  I put in my order.  The waiter seemed to have trouble grasping which dish I wanted, so I opened the menu and pointed it out to him.  That was at 8 p.m.  By 8:30, I was wondering what the problem was.  Ten mintues after that, a waiter came over and asked if I'd ordered yet!   So I got a menu and pointed it out again, mentioning that I'd ordered it some time ago.  And ANOTHER twenty minutes passed before my salad, bread and main course arrived virtually simultaneously.  What, they couldn't have brought me the salad a little sooner, seeing as they'd screwed up so badly already?   The food was okay, but nothing special.  But don't come here unless you're planning to spend a LONG time waiting.  (And, no, no one apologized or even said anything about the wait.)Great sausage   Wonderful spicy rich flavor obviously made with feeling.  That almost made me go to two stars or??? But my family was just so disappointed overall that I'm sticking with one star. Ambiance:  kitchy Italian knick knack filled dining room which is a little over the top but fun.  No problemsService was terribly.  So slow. We arrived before 9 and it was 9:50 before anyone took our order and then only because we flagged down someone. Our waiter was nowhere to be seen in this half filled not busy restaurant.  Meal comes with salad.  Could be yummy but we can't say since ours never came. Entrees included that yummy sausage but also cold dense ricotta noodles   Other yelps raved over this dish so huh??? Maybe the chef was asleep or we were getting the final dregs of the day.  Unclear. Got the bill.  They charged us for blue cheese on the salads we never got.  Huh again?   Didn't correct the bill but offered us free tiaramusu which also NEVER came. Huh. We called and complained and the owner seemed nice and apologetic but stilll....One star.this place had the worst food i ever had in my life!!!! they were very rude .. dont ever go here!!!!! super gross!!!If you are looking for an Italian place that resembles a small family run restaurant this place has all the looks of it from the unique decor and pink building. However, the family itself leave a lot to be desired. The mother is the main cook and I will say she usually does a fairly good job. The son Donnie is a complete waste of space for this restaurant. He claims to be a waiter, but it's hard to be a waiter when you are sitting at the bar or watching tv or on his phone outside. I can't even get started on the father. He is clearly the owner and mastermind and financial guy for this restaurant. Unfortunately, if you googled the definition of obnoxious, ignorant Italian man it wouldn't even come close to explaining the efforts this man goes through to be and sound like an ass. He routinely screams/tells (talks?) at his staff and even customers. Sorry Zarra's but you'd be better off without him. He literally does nothing for the restaurant except hang out and yell at people.The only thing this family has going for them is the rest of the staff who haven't quit yet. I'm only giving them 1 star because giving 0 wasn't an option. I mean...who washes silverware in Windex? Gross! Ammonia on my utensils? No thanks! I'll never go backStop by after work thinking I would have a nice Italy dinner.  I will not return  for another meal.  The eggplant tasted old and was not to my liking.No, no, no, this is NOT the way Korean food should be done. I've come here a few times as a CMU student to try to get a taste of home, but it has always disappointed me. The food here is not authentic at all, and it tastes pretty bad.Aweful service. Black obese man claiming to be the manager literally kicked us out of the store 10 minutes BEFORE the store was supposed to close. He was rude, thoughtless, and should not be in the food service. Will never go to this location again.The worst KFC ever. Apparently they can only take one order at a time. Had to wait 15 minutes before I could order.Why on earth does everyone have such a terrible attitude! We stopped in for a quick chicken sandwich & some wedges. The girl who waited on us, Monier (?) Brown had an attitude from the moment we walked in. While taking our order she had her eyes rolled up to the ceiling the entire time, tapping her nails on the register! We were so nice & didn't deserve that at all! I ordered food but after hearing & seeing her terrible attitude, Bobby decided not to order. She literally slammed my cup down & then informed us their pop machine wasn't working. We had a choice of sweetened, unsweetened or raspberry tea as well as water. Her attitude was just beyond disgusting & rude!! We ender up asking her name to call corporate. We couldn't find the corporate number & ended up speaking to the shift manager who said there is no corporate number bc they are transitioning (yeah right) . The manager said she would handle it. That didn't seem to change anything because the cashier & her terrible attitude were still at the register representing this store in a terrible way!!! Never again!!I had never gone to KFC before so I thought I would try it out for fun. Very blah tasting crispy chicken to be honest. Not crispy first off and barely any meat on the wing. Can't see myself ever going back.Had an appointment with Dr. Friend to get a tooth pulled. He was extremely rude with horrible bedside manner. If you are at all wary or nervous about having work done, DO NOT go to him. He knew how nervous I felt and was very rude and insensitive about it, declaring that I should just leave if I was going to act afraid. I will never go back and will never recommend anyone to this practice.Staff was rude and disrespectful. The food tasted like it was cooked from a frozen conglomeration of mystery meat. But I simply can't get over the inexperience on the grill. It's almost like they sacrificed talent for convince. Their manager Joel (?) is really nice but the rest of the staff couldn't give a crap less about the business.Usually these guys have good food, but NEVER ordering again! THEY DO NOT CLEAN FRYING OIL/GREASE. Do not order any fried food from this place. I got mozorella sticks here the other day, and they smelled so bad. Sadly I actually ate one and the after taste was in my mouth for days! Grossest experience I've ever had. I used to be a regular but will forever warn people of this establishment. Truly dissappointed!I've heard good things about Campus Deli and I was excited to try them when I was visiting Oakland. I placed an order for delivery: 2 sandwiches and 1 order of fries. The order was 2 hours late and ice cold. When the order arrived the delivery girl sat in her car and texted me to come out and get it. Be sure to have your oven ready for reheating your food when it arrives. Also, make sure to order a pizza to snack on while you wait -- (like we did).I've had campus deli many times and it tastes great IF YOU GO PICK IT UP. Ordered food and got it an hour and twenty minutes later. And I had already paid the tip online, the food was cold and the delivery guy was rude. I am livid.Our lunch tasted great, the service was fast but Our waitress was obnoxious. The major issue I had was that my friend clearly and concisely stated that she was allergic to fish and had a seafood allergy. She ordered a benot box and was subsequently served crab and shrimp tempura. She told the waitress she would become ill, and the waitress started mumbling/complaining and just walked away. She came back a few minutes and asked how was everything, and my friend explained her allergy, the waitress started arguing saying she knows the menu and fish is not seafood. We were polite throughout and i just asked for the menu so my friend could order something else. Then she said i will change to vegetarian. Entertaining but strange. Not to mention, prior to the strange fish incident, the waitress raised her voice and scolded a two year old for using chopsticks as drum sticks... At the time there weren't other patrons in the room... The noise was only mildly annoying and she only made the noise for about 20 seconds, I was re-directing when the waitress pretty much yelled at my child. That being said, unlike many moms, I sincerely encourage other adults to reprimand my child, so the reprimand would have been welcome, had it been either polite or professional. The booster seats hadn't been cleaned from prior use. This was the first time in my life that I considered not tipping, but we decided to tip regardless of the obnoxious attitude. I really loved the Chinese broccoli at this place but I won't return after this embarrassing service. Also the food was brought back on the same plate, if my friend had a more serious allergy, the contamination could have made her sick. Luckily her throat doesn't close up, it just gets itchy when she has seafood.The waitress kept calling us lady in a most obnoxious tone, it was a strange lunch. She was so unbelievably rude, it was entertaining. She was quite nice to the business men who came in when we were about to leave. I am not sure what her issue was, but I won't be back to find out!The waitress/owner is the worst I have ever experienced.  Sure, her English is bad, but her attitude is worse.

1/10Experience/Vibe - Typical of any Perkins, we weren't offered to have a booth which I think is a no brainer, some people prefer booths. A little cramped but not too bad.

Eggplant stuffed with cheese, served in a marinara sauce with caper and topped with melted mozzarella cheese $7.95

It was the worst dining experience in Vegas.If I could give this place a zero.I would.  I couldn't wait to try this spot.  We spent $60 for three people for fast food lobster that SUCKED.  The portions are small my lobster roll was a mini roll for $18.  My shoes have more personality than the unsympathetic manager. Needless to say these locals will not be returning.This place is a ripoff! $20 for a lobster roll the size of a slider?? You have to eat standing up since they dont have enough tables, the tables are always dirty and the roll has just maybe 2 oz of lobster if much. Complete ripoff!This was my favorite thing in Vegas! Until they raped my bread bowl away from my lobster bisque?!?! What is going with their menu? I'm from San Francisco: the land of how to do bread bowls right and I came here to get one, only to be told"no"?!?! Like this comment if you want your bread bowl back!!!!Against my better judgement I returned to this sad excuse for what used to be a great place. Sadly their lobster grilled cheese used to be delicious! The new menu fails continue to reach new lows. I guess there is some tyrannical bitch in control of ruining all the food in Vegas that I loved. Her name is Sonya. The grilled cheese now has shitty cheese (I suspect Swiss?!?!) and some freeze dried chives instead of the old Gruyere that made it gourmet and good. Now it barely has any lobster (three bites MAX) and I think some frozen red pepper bullshit. Campbell's soup has better ingredients than this SHIT!I should have known lobster and fast food does not mix, but obviously gave it a try and right away you can taste the old, flash frozen low quality lobster meat. Its an ok place but you are much better off eating at those infamous lobster trucks which actually have high quality fresh lobster!Get the hot dog, only thing worth the money on the menu. I love lobster rolls but the size of this one was sad. For $18 roll I expected more than 3 oz. of meat. Hold off and spend your money on somewhere else.Me and my bf decided to try this place thinking anything with lobster has to be good ! Wrong lol by bf got their lobster roll and it was small plus the lobster didn't taste fresh. I had the lobster soup which was ok but it could've been way better the fact that it had lobster in it!  We won't be eating there again.Not what we expected at all....very disappointed. ...the prices were very high and the food was sub par. The lobster roll was so small compared to the photos and the grilled lobster sandwich only had a few pieces of lobster and barely even any cheese.  I wouldn't recommend. There are way better restaurants here for a lower price.i don't think the english language has a word that adequately describes how ridiculously overpriced the food is. $26 got me a lobster roll about the size of a slice of wonder bread folded in half and fifteen fries. $14 merits unsliced lettuce petals with about 3 oz of lobster on top.a sign here proclaims that this place has the world's best lobster, which is a big fat lie. they should be ashamed to serve this garbage at a north korean prison camp. overcooked, and overseasoned to cover up the poor flavor.service is slow and the tables are sticky.the diet coke tasted okay.if you are hankering for lobster, do yourself a favor, skip this place and go to red lobster.Overpriced, expensive, horrible food. Lesson learn: do not have seafood at the desert.Does not accept credit or debit. Food is old and very chewy. Buffett sits in dark corner of room. Dont waste your money trust me. Very disappointing.

The food and salsa was bland. Why would a place like this not have made to order hot fresh food?

Will i send clients to have meals at hexx? No Dispointment!absolute garbage food.....good service but the food is ridiculously overpriced for what you get....steaks are dry and not cooked properly....the management makes the customer feel bad for complaining about the food not being good....no apologies, no refunds.....the worst on the strip......DO NOT EAT HEREI came here with family to get alcohol. We were told that we couldn't sit in the outdoor tables and only get drinks. This is a bar, we were paying customers. Meanwhile, three were almost no tables with people seated.So I was VERY disappointed with this place. Now to their credit maybe it was bad because I went at 4 am for steak and eggs but if you can't make it then don't offer it. Maybe the chef who specializes in steaks wasn't there but man it was bad. I asked for it medium and it came out burned on the outside with a medium interior. Sent it back and they brought it back slightly less burned and STILL charged me for it!!!! I couldn't believe it! If this is the service over night then close your doors because it's not worth it to lose customers over it.Looked like a really cool place and the menu is very impressive. Couldn't wait to try the chicken and waffles... However, after sitting at the bar for almost 10 minutes unacknowledged, and then after a bartender asking if I had been helped and handing me a menu I sat there another several minutes with no water and no service. I don't know if they were severely understaffed or unprepared for this Saturday afternoon but I'm terribly disappointed I walked here from down the strip and left hungry and disappointed.The menu reads like an upscale trendy breakfast spot but beware from menu to kitchen to table there is a problem first our food came from the kitchen cold the eggs were under cooked then over cooked like burnt

I have alot of patience, I really do; but this was just stupidity!I don't like Walmart and only go here when I need something that I can't find anywhere else.  Everytime I go I regret it.  The people who work there are rude and so are the customers.  It is always busy, always lines.This is actually a review of the McDonald's in this Walmart. Just for you information, I am in my 20s, and my Dad's side of the family immigrated to America from Japan in the 1800s. That means, if your ancestors were one of those European's  who saw the Statue of Liberty when they were immigrating to America, my Family has been American longer than your family.Here is what happened today:

Was never offered water (something I like about other salons.Definitely will not be back, and wouldn't recommend to friends or family. :(I decided to try this place out. It was close and prices looked low. I didn't make an appointment so I expected to have to wait a little bit. There was no air conditioning or very low air in the waiting area it was also very cramped. I just wanted gel nail polish over my natural nails, I picked a bright color and a glitter to go over it and handed them to the tech when he was ready. He opened both polish bottles to check the color and said okay and started. The tech was friendly but must have been very distracted. He would apply a coat and motion me to put my hands in the uv cure machine and forget to put the light on. I had to let him know twice there was no light. He applied two coats of the bright color and  started putting on a clear coat, I'm not a nail salon regular so I assumed this was part of the process of gel but once I realized he had my hands in the uv light for much longer than the other coats I asked if he had forgot my glitter coat. He quickly grabbed it and tried to put in on my nails and it looked like globs of snot lol I guess you can't put any more gel on after the top coat. He apologized over and over that he had forgot. I was pretty bummed because I love the look of the particular glitter I picked out. He ended up putting regular glitter nail polish over my gel polish. I do not like the outcome look  Basically you get what you pay for here and it's not much. Wish I would've gone somewhere else  :/HEALTH HAZARD!! I have gone here a couple of times since it's nearby. After the last experience I will NEVER go back. My husband and I went and got pedicures together. All of the salon's tools and equipment were pre-used and left sitting around in damp caddies on the floor. Nothing was fresh from the package or sterilized at all. Furthermore, the techs were all swapping tools with each other, not just between me and my husband, but with the complete stranger sitting next to me! The man who did my feet trimmed my cuticles much too aggressively, and now I have painful infections next to three different nails. My pedicure is covered with bandaids and neosporin. My legs from the knees down are also covered in an ugly, bright red, acne-like breakout from being abraded and washed in their water. I thought that the breakout was because I shaved my legs the day before the pedicure, so I showed the rash to my husband. Well, he doesn't shave his legs... and his calves are breaking out worse than mine! It looks like a staph infection. DO NOT go to this salon if you care at all about your health, your appearance, or even basic hygiene!Don't come here! Save your money.I stopped by Friday afternoon and it was pretty busy as expected... After standing for 30 mins I was seated for my pedicure & someone came & put my feet into a BOWL to soak my toes which was extremely uncomfortable. Once someone was available to do my pedi, she asked me which color I wanted & I was expected to go back to the wall to chose a color with wet feet. (Their gel polish options are locked onto a display on the wall, as if someone's going to steal them) hope you have a good memory!! TWO hours later I'm finished with my PEDICURE and ready to pay. Their credit card machine is broken and the guy charging me made it his duty to say my card was declined for everyone to hear when the receipt clearly stated the server was offline. NOT declined. He then took my phone right from underneath my wallet & told me I can go to the bank & once I returned to pay him he would give me my phone back. Once I got there, I didn't get a "sorry about that" "thank you" NOTHING he slammed my phone down on a table & told someone to stop giving a customer their pedicure so she could give me my phone back & collect the money. NEVER AGAIN!!I just moved to Vegas  a few months ago and tried this place. The location is convenient and the work is ok(not great but they get the job done). Today, they opened @10. I didn't have an appointment so I expected a wait. Waited 30 minutes,(which isn't bad) I told the technician that I wanted acrylic on my big toe(which I've done before) and she says "I don't know how to do that". I say "ok, what happens next then" Sh says they are too busy and the ppl doing pedicures don't know how to do acrylic.. Now, I can understand not having the skill set but you need make sure before you tell a customer to wait for a service you should make sure you have employees skilled to do the skill requested.  So, I left and am trying the nail salon up the street.Dr. Lepore is amazing. Expertise, bedside manner, etc: amazing. The rest of the operation, however, is not.Kidfixers stops being spectacular as soon as you attempt to contact them outside the office. If you call them during business hours they will not pick up. So you leave a message that they will never respond to. Sometimes they leave hilariously frustrating messages like "Call back during business hours." After you called and left a message first thing in the morning. They do this consistently day after day. If your kid gets sick just take them in, if you can get worked in, and if you do there's an extremely good chance you'll not see Dr. Lepore, who is the whole reason you should go here. If you try and call the emergency line, even for something basic like a mild fever, they're answer is going to be "make an appointment." So just go in.And should a pharmacy or insurance representative call or fax the office do not worry, the staff consistently and thoroughly ignores all these requests. So should even the slightest hiccup occur with anything, Kidfixers will forget you exist.Dr. Lepore is a great physician, however his clinic cannot be relied on to do anything. I would recommend this place to people who enjoy waiting days to never be contacted while their children suffer with treatable illnesses.Mega Bust with this doctor. No follow through with assisting to get disability equipment needed. Patient referred to a different doctor without any contact but via another medical provider attempting to get equipment. Phone calls only to be placed on hold or busy signal. Now I can only hope medical records can be transferred to a new doctor office once we find one. Insurance shouldn't be hard to switch to a new primary but what a Pain in the butt for parents to have doctors that give no notice. Do they only want patients who come in monthly? Greed. Laziness. Lack of empathy. I don't know what the excuse is but Nothing here is impressive when looking for a pediatrician.Came inn to get immunization records for my kids dent desk lady was very unpleasant and gave mea hard time over nothing. Not a good customer service.  I spend 40 min for them to print it. Dr la pour you are a great doc but you got to do something with your staffAfter being a patient for a year, I was told by Dr. Jerome that my 18 month old would not be welcome at Kidfixers (He even said "You can leave right now."), and that I would not be considered a "good mom", if I did not approve my little one receiving four vaccinations in one day (I tried to negotiate two that day, and two more a month later).  And this was a day that she wasn't feeling well and was teething terribly.  I am not anti-vax (And stated this over and over again).  I just believe that parents should get to decide how many shots their kid gets at once.  I gave in, but left feeling insulted, defeated, and powerless as a parent.  I received a call from Dr. Jerome a couple of days after the visit, and he admitted to not giving my child a thorough examination because of the tension created by his comments.  Wow, really???  He asked that I bring her back in the next week.  Um, no thanks.  We will not be returning since pushing vaccinations is more important than my child's general well-being.This review is about the front desk and the billing department. Terrible, terrible customer service. May I say non existant?

The atmosphere (which is usually the last thing I care about) was very lacking. Dirty seats and walls. Paper instead of table clothes. Instead of the dim lighting adding ambiance it seemed like it was covering up a dilapidated interior.

I made my purchase on a Thursday, and was told my items wouldn't be available till the following Monday. I didn't think too much of it because I was in no real hurry.When Monday came, my furniture was delivered at approximately 9:30 am. After the installers were here for about one half hour, I was told that the bed was missing a part necessary for assembly, and left. They said they would contact customer service.I call customer service myself in frustration, because I noticed the installers didn't deliver the mattress.The customer service lady told me she had been contacted by her installers, and someone would be at my home by midnight at the latest to deliver the missing parts, and assemble the bed. I also told her that the mattress wasn't delivered. She said I'd have it also by midnight.I reminded her that her company boasts about being able to deliver same day, and asked her to account for that. She couldn't. She did waive the $100.00 delivery fee.About an hour later, the same installers arrived with my mattress. They said they forgot!

After paying $1000 for installation of $2,000 security camera system I was left with loose cables exposed all over my office and exterior of my house! Then Frys sent a network tech out to complete setup and he was disgusted with the way they left it for him.Rene A in computers told me the the IBM think pad has software issues and they are sending them all back to the vendor. This is a promo code item and definitely feel baited. He did not seem to want to help me any further.

seems to run place and takes

-FOUL ODER

7 hours ago  Like.Armando RojoI would've if they didn't mess up the next day as well. Gave us the run around about putting us in the right room. We had our bags packed until about 6pm we were moved, kept getting told someone was on their way to the room. The fact that we were waiting around til then to get the room which I paid more for was ridiculous and insult to injury. It wasted our whole day since we were at a standstill. The least you guys could've done is compped a night for us. A meal credit was insufficient. A discount for an additional night was insufficient as wouldn't have felt like I needed to stay an extra day to make up to my family the nightmare you guys provided. Then I get home to find out you guys had 2 unaccounted for charges to my atm, which finally were cleared. You guys didn't care to make this right when you had the chance. You truly showed no care for customer satisfaction! 5 stars? Not at all6 hours ago via mobile  Like  4

Every time I fly American Airlines there is an issue. We boarded the plane an hour late only to have them tell us there are no pilots!!! So we had to get off the and now we wait 2 hours for pilots!!  Where are the pilots that we supposed to fly the flight when it was supposed to leave in the first place???I HATE American Airlines. Today they cancelled one of my flights ("air traffic congestion" aka literally too many planes in the air, they said). They rebooked me on a later flight. Then cancelled that one too, also due to "air traffic congestion". They could rebook me in the morning, but not only would they not put me up in a hotel, but leaving the next morning would mean I'd miss my GRANDMOTHER'S FUNERAL. They would not cover the cost of a rental car. They would not book me on another airline. They would not refund me the cost of my flight or offer me a travel voucher. They suggested I take an Uber (from Philadelphia to Buffalo.... idiots). When I finally got a flight to a city nearby (one hour away) from my final destination... they lost my luggage. The black dress I was supposed to wear to my grandmother's funeral. And the thing is, American Airlines had so royally screwed up everything today, I checked with EVERY American Airlines agent I came across to make sure my checked baggage would be correctly rerouted. They all said it would, even though none of them actually checked on it. I even called their Delayed Baggage phone number, and they told me it'd be fine also. Well, it wasn't. They lost my bag, possibly just to really make sure I know they are the worst airline ever.2 hour delay and counting. Don't ever fly this ridiculous airline that can't follow their time line nor keep their aircraft up to date! Freaking waste of time!! If I want to sit around and gave my plans changed up as per your incompetence, I wouldn't be wasting so much time for this nonsense!!Zero stars, dont use this airline, please allow me to share my experience with them today. This Airline is completely inconsiderate to their customers. Period. I was on a flight from 10 am to 3:30 pm, received no lunch because they "ran out" (yes, I am talking a 5.5 hour flight). I then had to run to my connecting flight that was supposed to begin boarding 10 minutes after I was off my previous flight at a different gate, only to be stuck sitting in that plain (also with no food) for 2 HOURS due to maintenance issues. If your are considering booking with this airline, please don't do it if you would like to have an enjoyable trip.Ugh.....on time on time on time. Then at 12noon announce oh wait we don't have a crew for your plane and we don't know what time we will. Who does that? AMERICAN! Horrible. Then they try to charge you for every Lil thing. Never fly them again. At least tell us when we will be leaving!American Airlines sucks. Plain and simple. Lousy customer service and more hidden fees are coming. Make sure you don't store a jacket or pair of jeans in the front pocket of your carry on. If it tilts slightly, they will make you check it and are starting to charge a baggage fee soon. I remember them jacking fares when fuel costs went up. I don't see a reduction now that fuel is cheaper. Instead they offer more hidden fees. Take my advice--always fly Southwest.Can you give less than 1 star? Worst airline. Delta sucks too. Sitting on the runway as we speak, waiting to take off 30 minutes late. Waiting on 2 passengers so making the rest of us late is NOT acceptable. Now we are 45 minutes late waiting on the runway for "paperwork". 45 extra minutes on this plane that already gets in late at night makes me want to scream.The only reason there is 1 star is because there isn't an option for zero stars. I'm not sure where to start...

FAQ: http://www.hualapaitourism.com/frequently-asked-questions/#8Don't do it or you will waste $75 and 2 hours of your life. The drive to get there was nicer. Tourist Trap.Please avoid this place at all cost. They just try to take your money. You pay to go on the skywalk when you can take pics of the Grand Canyon for free. You can't even bring your bags, cell phone or cameras on the skywalk. They have photographers that pretty much half ass their job. What a joke! Do not go here!! It's a tourist rip off.Standing on the edge is far scarier and fun. Paid $64 for 2. No instruction or signage for lockers and when you got to the other biulding it is in...jammed so full of waiting tourists it was an hour wait. Woke up and knew this wadnt worth it.

Sorry guys, I will be back to fix this nail. And then I don't think my business can be regained with you.My loyalty is lost.Hands down the worst, most overpriced manicure I've ever received. I paid $20 extra for gel for it to chip off the next day. Needless to say within 5 days I had to go back to the salon 3 times because of the chipping gel. The fourth visit was enough to make me never come back, management is awful. Avoid this place.I was charged $140 dollars for a spa Pedi w gel and a gel fill that took 3 hours and 45 minutes. And had to finish my own top coat because they were too busy to finish the job. very  frustrated and trying to forget the whole thing. I had an appointment to top it off.This agency owner is fake. This woman is totally rude and didnot provide us with a quote till a month later! Then asked her about   our quote and  she was upset because we ask for quote again? She is incompetent and lied to us. She comes office as sweet and nice in the beginning but it will changed her behavior

*inconsistent food quality

After we sit, one of the waiter was pushing the cart through, and almost hit my friend, and stained her new coat with the grease from unwashed dishes. My friend was suggesting them to be careful, and the waiter was quite impatient and said " such a trivial thing". He was totally disrespectful, and rude to us.My wife came in later and try to pull a chair to sit, and another waitress throw her a comment saying " you can sit on two chairs", implying that she is over-weighted.We were shocked and did not order dinner there and left.Staining a customer's coat might be trivial to the restaurant, but it is never trivial and pleasant for anyone to see the grease and stain all over his/her newly bought down coat of $200.

And the only reason I put what I think is her nationality is because I don't know her name.Replace this woman, KK.  She's an idiot.Worse pawn shop in all of Las Vegas. Twice I have tried to sell to them. One was an iPod and they wouldn't take because of small crack on corner. Bad customer service. You work at a pawn shop not at Tiffany's . Get over yourselves!!Got our laptop back yesterday, or should I say paperweight. Was 2 days late for getting out of pawn. I had to buy it back from them for $500+. So I understand that they have to wipe the CPU, and restore it to factory settings. Well they completely wiped it, operating system and all. They couldn't fix it so I had to go to Apple. They couldn't fix it either. Apple has to send it out to get fixed, and hopefully they can or like I said, it's just a paperweight. SuperPawn offered my $ back for the purchase of the CPU from them, but to get a replacement CPU comparable from Apple, it's over 2K. The thing that really pisses me off about it is that Apple said there is nooooo way that it could have been wiped completely clean like that by accident. Someone has to go to a specific place in the CPU and click a couple of things to do that. That makes me wonder what they were doing with our CPU that they needed to do that. Were they downloading kiddie porn? Stealing identities, or doing some other illegal things with it? When asked at SuperPawn why it was wiped, the employee was quickly hushed up by the mgr and said after due date, they can do whatever they want with it. Well now I'm questioning what was done with the CPU before the due date. Don't take anything there to pawn if you plan on getting it back. Go to a different location. Shady things happen at this location.Horrible customer service. They will stand there laughing and giggling holding conversations before the acknowledge the customers making you feel uncomfortable. On top of that the employee by the name of Diana, let's just say the 5 letter word that starts with a B most definitely applies to her. These people are lazy as very very very unprofessional. Like seriously are there no customer service requirements that they need to uphold...trust me you'd be much better going somewhere else sometimes the money isn't worth your dignity.Traded in books for store credit about a year ago and had $75 worth in Fiction paperback. I recieved a call a few days ago letting me know about their 25% off holiday sale. I asked if I could trade my $75 credit into non-fiction or hardcover and was told yes, but would have to come to the store and negotiate with the owner. Went down today and the owner claimed no one told me that I could do that. Called me a liar in front of everyone in the store and said that she couldn't exchange my credit into anything I actually wanted. I picked out $97 worth of books today and left with nothing because she wouldn't honor my $75 credit that they had on file into anything other than paperback after I was told on the phone that I could do that. I will not be returning to this book store, they can keep my $75 credit.I have been to this store a couple of times and both times I was helped by a grey short haired woman who was incredibly rude. The second time she would not honor my store credit I had on file. These people are rip offs, don't waste your time. Go somewhere decent where they have morals and honor their store credit.Really? Two cars and it's a 10 min wait, And how in the world did they manage to mess up a vanilla blonde? Vanilla + blonde roast.. Worst location I been tooWaited a long time for my order. Customers that were not there when I ordered got their drink before me. When my order came, it was a completely different drink. They refused to give me my money back. I had to leave with nothing to get to work on time. I will not be going back to such a disorganized franchise.This is the only Starbucks I have ever heard of that doesn't brew a Blonde. You have to wait for a pour over.Another bad time.I live across the street so it's great to have a store so close. This time I waited at the counter for at least a minute before being acknowledged. I made my order and was asked to repeated it. Got my order and 2 of the 3 things for my order were not on the sticker. Not sure why I was asked 2 times to still screw it up. The girls behind the counter were more than happy to help me make it right. They are the usual bright spot at this store.Only giving one star because we love Starbucks Coffee.This location is terrible with customer service! Just left drive thru. As my boyfriend and I were in conversation, we accidentally passed the order window. Ok, our mistake. All we wanted was two iced coffees. When we pulled up to the window, we were told we could order and pay, but had to drive back around for the drinks! If they would have told us nicely to go in or do it, wouldn't have been a problem. Never going back to this Starbucks. Ignorance seems to be in abundance with the staff at this location. As a resident in the neighborhood, I'm not the first to say I'm not going back.Welcome to another Starbucks homeless shelter.Bathrooms will be occupied for forty minutes at a time, no seats will be available for paying customers, you will wait in line for your drink only after the homeless get their free iced water served to them, and you will get a complimentary dose of body odor and virus laden coughs in your face.Server is bad and got my order all wrong And refuse to give me a new one never going there again!!!!!!Seeing as nobody has reviewed this place in quite awhile, I felt it was important to post my experience tonight.  First of all, the gallery itself is very spartan, but nicely so.  We were there to see a particular artist currently being showcased because we are collectors of his work.  Anyway, there is a nice mix of various media spread throughout the tiny gallery, and the two young girls hired to run the cash register and help out are very personable, kind, and friendly.  And this is where the positives of this business ends.I was directed to speak to the gallery owner/manager/resident rude 'tude, Marty Walsh, because the young register girl could not answer my question, so I went to where she was standing and stood quietly while she spoke to two other people, awaiting my opportunity to speak to this person who was described to me as a knowing, intelligent art lover.I did not interrupt, I did not otherwise distract her conversation with the other people.  As I had been standing there about 4-5 minutes, she turned to me, and asked me what I wanted/needed.  I thought it strange that she was interrupting her own conversation with those other people, but since I had not been listening to them, I then assumed that they were personal friends who she was just chatting with about the latest show.  So, I answered her question, as my mother has taught me manners.  I was polite, I was interested in the show she currently has going, and my question directly related to the artist (I explained that I have one of his limited prints, and I wondered what it would be worth now).  She then gave me absolute attitude, began gesturing around toward the other people she had been speaking with, told me that I was interrupting her while she was involved previously (trying to make a sale) with them. I was completely embarrassed in front of the other couple that were standing there, as well as the patrons coming in the open door at the time.The whole time, her tone of voice, her gesticulating, and her facial expressions made me feel like she thought that I was the crap wedged between the tread in the soles of her shoes (irritating, and you wish it would GO AWAY), as she told me that THEY DONT DO APPRAISALS (this is not what I asked: I was asking if she knew anything about how much a print from that series would be worth, not to value my print, which I did not have with me...just an idle interest question, asked politely), and raffled off some inane website where I would HAVE TO GO TO FIND OUT.  After she had spewed her wad of verbal and body language pompous rudeness at me, I turned and walked across the gallery to inform the people I was with, that we should immediately leave because the gallery owner had just been rude to me.  As I was explaining to my party what she had said, darned if the rude, crabby, woman didnt leave the people who she had just informed me were SO MUCH more important than me, to charge across the whole gallery and get in my face AGAIN, trying to insist that she hadnt been rude, blah blah.  I then cut her off, and told her, "Really?! Because thats how it came off.  I was told to go speak to you, so I did.  I stood there quietly, politely waiting for my chance to speak to you.  YOU asked me what I wanted, so I ANSWERED YOU.  Then, you insulted me, and were very rude."At that point, and with as much dignity as I could muster, I left, because collector or no, I will NOT be treated that way by someone who wants me to PAY HER.  There are thousands of galleries in Las Vegas, any one of which host a number of happy, friendly, positive people just waiting to engage in a discussion, make a sale, or just pass on the love and friendliness with another art lover.  This is one gallery in Las Vegas that I will never be setting foot in again, and I will continue to let my voice be heard to anyone I can possibly warn likewise.  Do not patronize this rude business woman.  Hopefully, someday she will figure out how to remove her head from her posterior and realize that she could have had a $27k sale tonight, but for her unforgivably rude behavior.Madam, I am crap on the bottom of NOBODY'S shoe.I hate this place. Everything about it is fake.I got a deal on travelzoo.com for my recent trip to Las Vegas. I thought it was a good deal...2 entrees and 2 margaritas plus this restaurant was on the strip at the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. When we were seated and greeted by our server, we mentioned that we had the travelzoo deal. Once we said that, I think our service went downhill... --He asked if we wanted our margaritas on rocks or frozen...we asked for frozen. What did we get??? Margaritas on rocks! --I ordered the carne fajita platter. What did I get??? A chicken plate! I mean c'mon! Every other table got salsa and chips, it took us a good 5 min to flag down our server to ask for it and to tell him he got our orders wrong. What worried me the most was that it only took them a few minutes to bring out my carne asada platter. I would think that my meat would take longer to cook...I guess not!!! It frustrates me when restaurants offer travelzoo deals, groupons, etc and their service changes once you mention it! Just because you pay for a fraction of the meal doesn't mean I should get a fraction of the service. It's ridiculous. No matter what kind of deal I get, I always tip to the full price--so I don't understand why these businesses freak out and think they don't need to provide good service.If you are going to La Salsa to get a half yard or whatever of a margarita, go to 7-Eleven and get a slushie. The $26 48oz strawberry margarita I got tasted good, but after downing the entire thing, I didn't feel anything. To put things in prospective, the day prior I got a 48oz margarita from Fat Tuesday for $17 and I was good....really good for the entire night.Go to Fat Tuesday if you want a good margarita to get drunk. Go to 7-Eleven if you want a good tasting slushie and save yourself $25This place was pretty atrocious.  I had the fajita burrito and the beef was so touch I could hardly get it down.  The food was exceptionally bland.  It's like whoever cooked it had never heard of salt, onion or cilantro.  My friend and I both left extremely disappointed and didn't even take our leftovers.We were looking for a place to grab a few appetizers and drinks after a morning/afternoon of gambling in Vegas and from the outside La Salsa Cantina appeared to offer just that.  We were very wrong.  Six of us walked into the empty restaurant and we were quickly greeted by our server and we ordered 6 Tecates as soon as we sat down.  We then ordered an order of guacamole, queso and the steak nachos.  All of them were fairly tasteless and average at best (I would give the food 2 stars).  So our food comes out and we start eating, but our Tecates are nowhere to be found.  About 45 minutes later we are done with our meal and we ask for our check.  As he brings out our check and notices the Tecates on there he tells us he will be right back with our beers.  I politely told him that it's a little late for that and we just needed to leave to which he replied "Oh, so you don't want the beers you ordered anymore?".  The whole exchange was a little mind boggling and I wish I could have the 45 minutes of my life that I spent at La Salsa Cantina back.  As we left and were walking to our next destination I noticed a Chiptole.  I have not eaten at this Chipotle, but I am postive that going to that Chiptole and spending 15 minutes eating a burrito and then the other 30 minutes as a handbiller passing out escort service cards to tourists while wearing an orange shirt that says "Girls Girls Girls" would have been more enjoyable than our 45 minutes at La Salsa Cantina.We had lunch here after shopping at Caesar's.  I had the taco salad with beef and while it tasted OK at the time, I had a severely upset stomach all afternoon!  My wife had no problems with her meal (an avocado and chicken stack) so perhaps it was just bad luck.  The service was bad, the prices were too high, and my wife's $14 margarita was served in a plastic cup.  Meh, no thanks.First post on Google Map Review - about a month ago:

Second email chainFrom: Stephanie GillisSent: Friday, August 15, 2014 5:37 PM

they sent a trainee in to do my IV Which after a total of 5 pokes was never used.. then when they took blood from me it took 3 more pokes!I understand you have to learn but I think the patient should be asked if it's ok before you send sir pokes a lot in.. a nurse took over and saved me from anymore pokes!

The staff is awful, rude and the seating is miserable!!!  Its so hot inside, no air on for the customer at all and the food is terrible.

This hot mess was $16 bucks. Pretty reasonable for two people,no?  But, if you wanted to follow menu prices--- This bill was supposed to be about $10. I give this one star because the salsa and chips were good, and apparently I can't give zero stars.Geri's used to be my favoriate place to eat in our way into town from Arizona.  We made our last visit there last week.  Unfortunately the owners have sold the business.  Even tho the new owners claim to have been trained by the prior owners the food was not the same.  I ordered a Chicken Cheese Steak with mushrooms and corn nuggets.  My girlfriend ordered the Italian Sandwich and fried mushrooms.  For whatever reason they didn't bring the food out together.  I got my corn nuggets a few mins later she got her mushrooms.  Then they brought my sandwich and it was beef so they had to remake it.  While they were making my sandwich again my girlfriend got hers.  When I finally got my sandwich it tasted like the chicken was dark meat.  Not my favorite.  Had little taste and was definatley not the Chicken Cheeseteak I had eaten in the past.We were the only ones in there which should have told me something!  I had never been to Geris and be the only one there no matter what time we arrived into town.   The owner/waitress seemed gittery.  Not sure what was going on with her.  There was two other employees there who were doing something in the back with some TVs.  It's just not the same and we will not be going back.This place has since changed owners a couple of times, and finally closed.  If any one knows of a good chees steak place in Vegas, please let me know.Went to use restroom and was denied because cashier had an attitude. I am a paying customer and cashier chose to be an ass. Sign says clean restrooms. Guess corky can't train polite employeesThe staff in this terribles is the absolute worst! I know gas station employees don't make a lot of moneybut that's not an excuse to receive the service that I had in there. I have a service dog which I showed one of the employees all of his service identification so he was okay, this over weight African-American lady approaches me and very rudely comments, you know you're not allowed dogs inside the store right, she replies with well somebody's got an attitude. Then she starts getting into personal questions about the dog and I'm just like I don't want to talk to you about the dog, you've already disrespected me and my disability I would just like to get my stuff and pay. Another rude comment from this lady. Then this other customer comes up to me and starts petting my dog! I said please do not touch my dog he's a service dog, and like all classy Las Vegas people he proceeds to cuss me out because I won't let him pet my service dog. He's sitting there using every cuss word in the book while the employees just stand there and do nothing. I refuse to go back to the store and I will be in contact with the American with disabilities act after this! It seems like terribles Will just hire anybody lol. The lady also seemed to have a little bit of an attitude herself. Or she's just really rude. She single bagged 4 16 oz cans of beer like an idiot. So I had go to go my car and grab another bag. An employee misbagging items that obviously should be double bagged. Sounds like someone having a bad day trying to rub it off on other people by having their bag break with beer in it. Anyone with a brain knows 4 16 oz cans of beer in 1 bag will break. I won't be returning even though they do have my beer the cheapest. It's not dealing with rude ignorant people and not worth the price of having some rude cashier have my bag break in hopes my beer would be ruined. I'd give it less than one star if I could.Danger!  Beware of this place!  I was there for a week. Looks nice but looks can be deceiving. Had my wallet stolen. Had my wife and children threatened. Pedafile constantly driving by and watching my kids. Staff is rude and will overcharge you for electricity.Why stay here when there are so many other places? Even just down the street there are better places for the same price (you wont be saving anything when the electric bill comes). Look I am writing to warn you. If you don't listen. Then I told you so in advance. I am not the type to complain (this is my first negative review ever). I am just concerned about what might happen to your children or wife if you stay here.If you just got out of prison for child molestation, like prostitutes and drink all day. Well, enjoy because this is the park for you.I just called this place they have a year restriction on what year your RV is. She wanted to know what year my RV is, I don't care if they were to give me a spot for free, I would not stay there. The lady didn't seem too happy that I have a 2005 Class-C RV.Made a reservation last night.  They asked how much my dogs weighed.  I was honest.  All of them weigh less than 30 pounds.  Collectively they weigh 33 pounds.This morning they threw me out because I have 3 dogs.  Why didn't this come up before I parked and set up??They cut my dog's ear badly and charged me full price before they showed me how bad it was. I was told it was a nip at first. After they took my credit card ran it, them they brought her out and told that she was taken to the vet and had to have it super glued. Her cut is a mess, on top of the gash on the top of my babies ear! I posted a photo of her ear to show that this is no "nip".Not a fan of donuts, but the breakfast sammiches suck.The coffee is basically brown water.And apparently the only way to get service from the cashier is to speak Spanish.Don't expect to get to choose for yourself - you get what they give you! The guy in the photo was very rude and inconsiderate ... will never come to this winchells again.While i was in line, I asked the employee to unlock the bathroom. (They keep their bathroom locked.) First He told me its for customers only. Duhhh, I was waiting in line to buy donuts. I really had to go (I have a medical condition and told him it was an emergency). He told me I had to buy something first and there were 3 people in front of me. Rude and inconsiderate staff.Nice enough guy, but couldn't get that I wanted a skin fade to a 1.  I left with a 000 full head.  Not happy, I could gave done that at homeJust walked in to one guy on phone.  He gestured for me to walk in.  I sat down in chair.  He remains on phone.  He finally speaks to me,  says he'll be a minute.   I wait the minute.  He's still on phone.  I walk out,  hearing him say "I'm sorry".Very expensive. Cut my hair and beard 50% shorter than I asked. Also she scraped my face and left me raw and abraded in places as she ham handedly attempted to provide a professional barber shave. I was very specific that I wanted a simple trim 3/4 inch on top 1/2 inch on the sides and 3/8 on the beard. These are standard clipper lengths and this is not a difficult haircutWhen she was done my hair was 3/8 inch all over. All in all a very disappointing experience.Wow. Salvation army's are all really scary in Las Vegas. The first one has items not for sale and this one can't sell me the stuff because they can't make change. Wow done with the army they can't take any of my money.You can do much better than Sweetours for a Grand Canyon tour!!  First, I arrived at the pickup point 10 minutes early.  However, I wasn't picked up until an hour later (although the gentleman who ultimately picked me up apologized, the manager claimed I was not at the pickup point on time...huh??!!).  The coach bus is nothing special, we were asked to only use the restroom in case of an emergency, and the driver played two Mr. Bean movies during the long drive (how dreadful).  A passenger failed to return to the bus on time for departure from the Grand Canyon.  Despite the driver, Dirk's, warning that he has left passengers in the past for being late, he actually waited an ENTIRE HOUR for this passenger to return.  The problem is that two people on the bus had late evening flights.  The driver promised that he'd drop off the passengers with flights first but then he became indignant and unprofessional - he announces that the people who "claimed" to have flights had better not be "jerking him around" and inconveniencing the entire bus just to get to their hotels first or "so help me God" he'd do something about it.  He was rude and offensive.  It was especially unnerving because he hadn't said a single word to or about the passenger who made the entire bus late!!  The driver then changed his mind and rather than dropping off the passengers with flights first, proceeded to drop off other passengers.  I was one of the passengers with a flight and other passengers actually said they were upset about how Dirk was handling the situation.  He showed no consideration or concern, nor did he keep his own word.  The management at Sweetours was very rude when I called with my concerns.  As another reviewer indicated, they will not provide a refund no matter how badly they bungle your trip.  Save yourself a headache and find another tour company!So, I'm not sure about about how this place has such a great score. I guess people were still drunk from their time on the strip.  I will say that the reservation process was easy. The places we visited and the views phenomenal.  If you're looking at it from a "tour" perspective then all seems pretty good. Then you get to the nitty gritty.We were told to be at our hotel waiting space by 6:30 am for a 6:35 pick up. If we missed the bus we could still be charged. At 6:50 we called the "transportation line" and were told the bus is running a little late.  The bus picks us up and takes us to an outlet mall parking lot. There is NO organization (I don't mean just a little - I mean NO organization whatsoever) to the busses.  Some are still arriving; they are pulled in however it was easiest for the driver. The pick up shuttles are parked every which way and telling you to "find bus number XX."The shuttle driver asks for your voucher or credit card. He disappears with the card for like 15 minutes and tell us none of the CC machines are working.  Hmmm.  Finally one processes.  Then we get on our bus.  Late.We drive to the Hoover Dam. All seems fine. When leaving we have a new driver. She seems oh so nice and full of knowledge. Well...  Begin the ride from HELL!  She couldn't figure out how to use the gas peddle.  Our bodies jerked back and forth so much that the couple next to us said it was like an ab workout.   Not so comfortable. Then, we notice cars honking and beeping at us. Why you ask?  Cause we're in their lane!  Mope, the driver can't keep in her own lane. At one point an 18 wheeler drove onto the shoulder and honked at us before slamming on his breaks. At another time a work truck did the same. Finally as we drive up the two lane road to enter the Grand Canyon, she decides to pass a car going to slowly...then another. Problem!  Not enough time to pass the second car with oncoming traffic. So we cut back into our lane and have a THIRD CAR swerve into the shoulder and honk at us.  I don't speak Portuguese, but I certainly understand when an older woman from Brazil starts to pray to "Dios" to keep her safe!  Ugh!  On the way back - similar experiences, only that we tailgates this one car so bad because we couldn't pass that I thought we were going to physically drive OVER the car. During each of the stops she almost drive away without some of the passengers.  And she was rude about it. I was the last on the bus at one stop and she said "I'll leave your ass at the Grand Canyon."Finally back in Vegas she has the nerve to say - don't forget that she's like a restaurant server and deserves a great tip for the safe trip and all of her "useful" information. Here's a tip:  keep people safe.  They'll pay more attention to your stories if they aren't praying to dear Jesus that they get back to Vegas alive!  And for Gods sake, don't say the same thing 5 times. We heard you.Now for the kicker. After being gone forever with our credit card, waiting through the disorganization, and getting on the bus - the credit card was charged THREE TIMES for $214!!!  Not doubled up by accident. THREE TIMES!!So another phone call... But this time, sorry there is no one here that can help you. You'll have to call back next week.  So the memories of this tour just keep repeating - like bad sushi!There are MULTIPLE companies that offer Grand Canyon Tours. Do yourself a favor and find one other than Sweetours.  The views are the same and, even if it's $10 or $20 more you'll be thankful not tomendure this crap. Called the tour company and they apologized. Said they would immediately talk to the laSalvadorian food place ? You got to be kidding me ! Service is mediocre and food to say the least leaves a true Salvadorian in shame I'm sure if you've never had good Salvadorian you wouldn't know the difference of course! The competition is big when it comes to restaurants step up your game and get a new cook! Nothing i ordered was even close to being good or okWhen we arrived there were already upset customers yelling. This was the worst experience ever, I reserved in advance, a car for a trip for a week and went to pick the vehicle up this morning and the vehicle type that i reserved was not available when website said it was. Then was offered a SUV after i wanted a Economy car. The rest of our parties vehicles had issue where it was in the shop so was given again a SUV and 3rd vehicle was not available as well. Sorry but unless this is the last option we will not be doing business here again.DO NOT MOVE HERE!  Too many people loitering around and the management is TOTALLY UNPROFESSIONAL because of their attitudes and appearance.  I thought they were ALL MAIDS!!!Very bad service just moved in on the first would give a negative 5 star rating if I could. When I moved in my washer and dryer were missing as well as my mailbox key, they put in a washer and dryer the same day, but dryer was broken, called office to fix it as well as my kitchen socket that wasn't working, no one ever came, then after a week asked regarding mail key even went into the office to get a copy of my lease they initially didn't give me, still no mail key lady said she would call also said they will fix apartment now here we are week 3 after getting upset and complaining I then asked for a rent credit somehow within 30 minutes of me complaining asking for a credit for being without a mail box for so long they produce the key, then came out to fix everything in the apartment, then refused to give me a credit after having me wait 3 weeks for something that took less then an hour, I guess when you complain and want credit they suddenly feel motivated. Also I was told by the office manager that the work order for my apartment said complete but was not done because the old maintenance crew were lieing about work they did & they actually fired them since, today the gentleman who did the work had me sign that he did do it, why wasn't that done before & why was it marked complete without my signature, so many things they have done wrong yet will not except responsibility and will not compensate me for the many mistakes that have been made, this is not going to work for me & I will be facing a complaint to the better business bureau & I encourage others to do the same (702) 320-4560would give negative stars.towed my car here from another incompetent mechanic. took them 2 months to even touch my car. parts were missing/broken. car still not running in fact is in worse condition than it was before. BEWARE OF THIS PLACE. BUNCH OF LIARS.  this situation started at Daves Automotive. check out my review of them for the entire story.Worst car repair place ever!!! Rip off so be careful or even better do not bring your vehicle there!!

We were not given a happy hour menu and we had to ask about the specials.  The waitress stated that they have 1/2 portions of appetizers for 1/2 price.  WTF?  Isn't that full price? Oh, and if you ordered from their "happy hour" pricing you couldn't use the $5 coupon.  So in my mind they basically dragged you in there with false advertising.  I'm not a cheap person, but don't appreciate this sort of set-up.  We walked out.

But...my appetite is pretty much gone so now I'm writing this review.

Pathetic.I was pretty excited to go here, especially after seeing it is an 'U of A bar' for alumni. After sitting down with some friends, we waited more than 40 minutes until we had to go ASKED to be served. It fits in with DC Ranch, over-priced drinks and food, service sucks, although I did like the environment. Agreeing with other reviewers, I couldn't decide if its a bar or a family restaurant. After we got the servers attention, she was nice and kind to all. I still had trouble figuring out what took her so long for her to notice us, since there was only about 10 other people in the place.At first glance this restaurant appeared to be nice. But...

Employees are extremely unfriendly if you are fortunate enough to get somebody to help you.Don't give these people your business!I just bought a house and made a tremendous amount of improvements I probably was at this place every day for the last three weeks, it is unbelievable to me how this is a major retail store In America,. The level of customer service and the level of answers you get to your questions here cannot be worse, there are a few people in the store that actually know what they are doing which is why i gave it one star. I've never seen a group of employees over the phone and in person that have that blank stare like they have no idea what they are doing, it's like I asked them to split Adams or explain combustion when asking how much a drill isI came here to purchase and have delivered several large wood planks. I found the product I wanted, wrote the SKU codes down, and then went to the customer service counter. The line took 10 minutes. When I finally got to the employee, she tells me I have to go back to the department I found the items from and have one of the floor employees enter it in the computer. Seriously? Another 10 minutes hunting down a floor employee who tells me "oh, you have to go to the customer service counter".He walks back with me and this is where the fun starts. Back at customer service the employees start moaning and groaning about having to enter my order in the computer. Employee #1 tries for 15 minutes but admits she has no idea how the computers work. She starts giving me greif and rolling her eyes at me before giving up. Employee #2 same thing - does not know how to use the computers. Employee #3 figures the order computer out BUT does not know how to change my address where I want the products delivered. Employee #4 same thing, but after being on the phone with the IT department figures it out. Here is the best part... after I slide my credit card the head manager comes over and reminds them all the delivery truck is broke down and they can't do deliveries!This all took 1 hour and should have taken 5 minutes. I tell them I'll rent my own truck tomrrow and pick up the items. They tell me the order will be ready and a 'will call' tag will be on the items.Next day I show up for my order. Guess what...no one readied the order. So I have to find an employee to get the items. He couldn't do it alone so I had to help. Finally another employee comes over and help load the truck. I go off to do more shopping. They try loading the items in the truck but the first wood plank gets wedged. They then ask me if I can give them some advise on how to load the truck!!! I go to the back of the truck to find one of my planks stuck. And the reason... the plank is 6' wide while the truck door is 5' wide AND THEY JUST TRIED RAMMING THE PLANKS IN!!! Oh my friggin goooooooooooooooowwwwwwd!I drove away saying to myself there is absolutely NO POSSIBLE WAY HUMAN BEINGS ARE THIS FRIGGIN STUPID! But they are and they exist at Lowes Hardware!Every employee in this store and the manager should be terminated. Completely untrained, brain dead idiots who have no interest in doing their jobs and who can't figure out how to use a simple 1982-ish DOS computer system or figure out that something 6' wide won't fit in a door 5' wide!!!You get one star so I can post !

The hostess who took my order on the phone was very rude. She constantly told me to "speak up, I can't hear you" in a rude manner.A customer friendly approach would be "I'm sorry, our restaurant is loud, can you please speak up."

about our private records they  have no medical experience he has his girlfriend and made her manager she has taken over his practice doesn't know what she is doing I brought my wife's paperwork in for her job she asked for $100 she's not allowed to charge culinary workers I insisted to speak to Dr I waited in the waiting room to see him there were no patients there or in the back she called the police on me they went to the back and ask him to talk to me she said no she wanted me out he had the police take me out and ban me from the property or I would be arrested after 9 years what kind of doctor is that he has forgotten his oath as a doctor and has let his manager who is girlfriend take over and run his life be careful he has no staff that knows what they're doing they're all young kids from school shame on you dr. Tran shame on you he has become a bad doctorNot very nice. Bad tables. Had to rig one up to stay standing. Had to tape up the legs so not to scratch floors. And then forced me to return them the day after thanksgiving. Couldn't keep for an extra day without being charged.What happened to customer service?I would go to RSVP party supply from now on. They let me keep the linens I rented until tomorrow with no problem.Can I give less than a one??

I don't recommend this place at allI used to drop by this spa whenever I come to Vegas. I only come here because it's conveniently located next to bacchanal buffet. It used to be $45 for a day pass which is already pricey compares to many others spa I've been to and their treatment is also one of the most expensive I've seen for spa, and doesn't offer any additional amenities other than visual appeal. Shower and common area aren't cleaned frequent enough. Now that it's $75 it is just highway rubbery. There's zero improvement to justify the cost increase. Will not be coming back.A year later... Unreturned phone calls and count less voicemails.  Only 15% of the cost of my stolen watch has been recovered.  I'm still shocked at what a scam this hotel and spa is.  Oh, they did comp my massage. After all, I was being robbed while getting it.  Which I had to ask for btw.  BEWARE!!!  While getting a massage, a spa attendant broke in to my locker and stole my $4,500 Baume & Mercier watch. I've learned from other people that their staff targets guests all the time and robs them.  Finally after months of litigation, a third party company gave me $700, hardly enough for a watch that cost $4,500.  Caesars and their management could care less.  Was shocked at the lack of accountability on the part of Caesars; hotel manager acted annoyed like I was bothering him!  Spend half my vacation at the police station filling out paperwork.  There needs to be an option for no stars.  This place is shady!Still not a returned phone call.10-24-15, still not a returned phone call.Regarding the review from 7-18-14 - my cousin just came in from the UK and all of his cash was also stolen from his locker when he went into the hot tub for 10 minutes.  I am not a fan of keyless entry as obviously there are dishonest watchers....He never got his massage and no resolution for the stolen cash.  I wish I would have seen that review before he booked this massage. How sad when you invite guests to visit and the first thing that happens is something like this.Disturbingly, my prior 1-star updated review, "Yikes, bogus duplicate credit card charge" was deleted by Yelp. So let me be a little more didactic: Caesar's placed an unauthorized $80 charge on my credit card, in apparent violation of its contract with me and its contract with my card association.Caesar's promised to provide a written explanation of the erroneous or fraudulent $80 charge, but not has done so.This spa often fails to answer the phone, or leaves you on hold for a long time.This spa is overpriced.A spa employee could not tell me whether the spa shares the filthy air of the Caesar's casino.The whirlpool is closed -- apparently broken.The sound in one of the steam rooms is ear-splitting.This spa has little or no natural light.To be sure, there are some goods things about this spa, too, but the shocking behavior described above overshadows them.I was ROBBED by a CAESARS employee!!!!!!!  While getting a massage and lied to by the staff and management.  Every employee including hotel management.  $10,500 watch stolen from my spa locker by a spa employee. Caesars management told me that I was one of a hundred that got robbed that weekend and egg even have in camera!!!!   Glad to know my family that has been playing in tournaments at Ceasars for 49 years will no longer be doing so.Ok, there is kind of a lot to say but i'll try to narrow it down to the basics. Im in my last trimester of pregnancy and wanted an amazing experience at a lavish spa and my husband surprised me with a prenatal massage at Qua, based on these "amazing" reviews...and boy were we DISAPPOINTED!

6. Jjanga? More like JJUMANJI- it's a MESS up in here.

so the server came back and said "sorry sir we are really full." so stupid right? i made a reservation but tables are full? just because we didnt go to the valentines special table and now they wont give us a regular table. ridiculous!! server came back and said theres a little spot right next to the pool that we can dine in so we did dine in because my wife and i were hungry already.

She said yes she heard me but forgot.

Today I was reading the Las Vegas Review Journal and I looked at the restaurant report,a feature which appears weekly that details health inspections at various restaurants and what health code violations were found there.There were 4 separate listings for Lee's Buffet as follows:Lee's Buffet, 1510 E. Flamingo Road, received 27 demerits Sept. 12. Violations included improper hand-washing procedures. GRADE: Closed because of lack of approved operator.Lee's Buffet, buffet, 1510 E. Flamingo Road, received 15 demerits Sept. 12. Violations included foods held at improper temperatures. GRADE: Closed because of lack of approved operator.Lee's Buffet, food prep, 1510 E. Flamingo Road, received 24 demerits Sept. 12. Violations included improper hand-washing procedures. GRADE: Closed because of lack of approved operator.Lee's Buffet, sushi, 1510 E. Flamingo Road, received 26 demerits Sept. 12. Violations included improper hand-washing procedures. GRADE: Closed because of lack of approved operator.It looks like they broke down the violations into different sections of the restaurant.If you total up the violations,they add up to 92.That is an incredibly large number of violations for one establishment.I found the comment "Closed because of lack of approved operator" very interesting.Lee's Buffet claimed that they were reopening under new ownership.However,based on their having the same mediocre food quality and health violations as the previous restaurant,New China Buffet,I am guessing that they have the same owner or they are using a different name as a front.This is just my opinion and is not confirmed.The comment I referred to makes me suspect this.So,in closing,unless eating at a restaurant with substandard food and numerous health violations and possibly getting sick is your idea of a good time,DO NOT

Before I begin let me say the only positive thing about dealing with place was working with the salesman Ed Kulas ( not positive on the last name)Chrysler pre-approved me for financing. I made the deal with Brandon and Ed two weeks ago and drove off it a brand new 2015 Ram truck!I get a call from finance a week later asking for several thousand dollars down!!! WHAT????? The deal was made and now suddenly they can't finance! This my friends is called " Spot delivery".

Sucks because they do make good tacos but I'm a stickler for service and fairness.Ugg!! I hate to do this but I have to. Sitting there, enjoying my second trip here and second plate of tacos I saw the unthinkable. A live cockroach cruising on the floor. I thought to myself, ok, it's possible, it may just be a fluke. I decided to finish my taco with a grossed out feeling. As my girlfriend was wrapping up her meal, she says "look babe; there's a cockroach." This roach was a different roach in obviously in a different location. I hate to leave a sour review on good food but I cannot help it. I can only imagine when this place closes at night and the lights are off, how many more are grazing the pastures. I won't be back and someone may need to check into this place in regards to rodents and insects. GROSS!Sorry but a one star is all this place deserves. Overall was not a good experience. Sad to walk out of a place paying for services that you would have rather done yourself. Worst blow out I have ever had, who lets someone leave the salon with partially wet hair??I feel the need to update after the owner posted a comment. The comment is more of an advertisement than a mea culpa. The changes that took place were not on our end. They were initiated by Park Ave for whatever reason.... and they didn't end up making the experience any better. I think there are some lessons to be learned in customer service here (did they ever reach out to the bride? No). In addition to that, they need to stop using Yelp as an advertising tool and focus on delivering great services and customer experience inside their four walls. I don't think I've ever seen so many obviously bogus reviews trying to 'up' the star rating. Seriously... look at the filtered reviews. Such a shame as it could be a really cool place. Fail, Park Ave, fail. This left a worse taste in my mouth than before.Not good.  I was very excited to get my hair done at the salon.  It is very close to my house and I had read some positive reviews about it.  I entered right on time and was not greeted by anyone at the front desk, no warm smiles or welcomes.  After standing at the front desk waiting for the two women to finish their conversation I told them I had an appt, one of them said to wait in the other room.  I said this was my first time here and where should I wait.  She looked at me and pointed to the side.  Really?  Not very good service.  I wandered over to a couch in a seperate area of the salon and took a seat.  Then Mallory came and got me.  Mallory was very nice, she took her time to blow out my hair, then did curls with a flat iron.  Unfortunetly my hair went flat almost immediately.  I pointed this out and she re-did the curls.  I have longer hair and I dont think she had much experience with longer hair because my hair did not hold her curl, and looked very flat even after she redid it.  When I got home my family actually laughed that I had paid for someone to do my hair that way.  I ended up wearing it in a bun for the whole night.  Disapointed that I wasted my money on such a bad hairstyle and lack of any customer service.  Needless to say I will not be going back.This is my first ever review on Yelp. I'm not the frustrated critic type, yet I feel compelled to write after plunking down  more than a hundred bucks for a mother's day gift for my wife. Yesterday she went in for a blow out as part of said deal.Major Fail. How do I know? My wife had to race home with still-wet-hair to redo the blow out herself before heading out for the night. She also reported on what the other negative reviewers here say. Lackluster service. What a bummer as she has no intention of using up the remaining balance of her deal. Her recap:  they don't know how to use a brush. Clearly no training. Clearly no experience. Maybe this could be overcome over time if the staff vibe was good. But it's not.Ps my wife has the most gorgeous head of hair. Thick. Full of natural body. It's pretty hard to screw up.But they managed to leave her looking like a wet rat (her words).One star is kind.Well... I should have listen to all the reviews I read here so it is totally my fault.When I booked my apt for a blow-dry I mentioned that I read reviews on Yelp that weren't impressive but I want to give them a try as I live close by.

Greatly over priced with poor servers; we had three different servers.

Crispy chicken tenders were nothing like that at all.

Me: no...

MSSanger CA msAbsolutely the worst polish sausage I have ever had.  The dog is flavorless and the bun is slightly sweet.  Avoid this restaurant at all costs.   Go hungry,  you will be better off.Poor customer service, poor work quality, high prices. Phone calls seldom returned, all front lug nuts loose, shoddy wiring, nut missing off air cleaner. I would give one star but the owner was nice when i finally got ahold of him and the car eventually did get fixed. That being said, was treated as if the car came with an open check book. Was charged for an inspesction that i was told was free. That was refunded after multiple calls. Nevermind, changing it one star now after reading my own post.I would give customer service less than 1 star if possible. Work that was to take 4-5 weeks is now going on 5 months. We have heard every excuse in the books from Terry about the delays. Would not recommend  this place to anyone for vintage car work. Will add to this later.The grooming service was average, but I was shocked when I picked up my 12 pound pom-chi to discover the owner added an additionally 40% charge to the agreed upon service price due to the dog being "difficult."I won't support  businesses with hidden fees and poor customer service.Dropped our dog off and they told me she would be ready in an hour and a half. She was ready to go almost 3 hours later. Her cut was choppy with long pieces sticking out everywhere. They butchered/scalped her brow excessively. They gave me a quote over the phone of $45. I took in a coupon for $5 off and she said it was $50 including the coupon; for the worst cut ever. Ugh!I went to Happy Cleaners for alterations because of the great reviews that I saw here on Yelp. The girls were friendly when I went in to get some jeans pinned for alterations. The alterations gal pinned me personally. I was given a quote and a claim check for $12 for each piece that I was having altered. I had to ask the price because they did not offer it. I was having one piece hemmed and one piece taken in, in the waist, nothing major at all. When I went to pick up my garments the alteration gal came to the desk and said I have to change the price because the girl at the register misquoted and the work on the waist band was "really tough" for her. I asked the difference and she said it would be $29 instead of $12 for the one pair. $17 is a  huge difference!! She continued to make excuses but would not budge on the price. So I suggested that since I was misquoted that we should split the difference, she refused. She asked me a few times what I wanted to do and I said split the difference,  she kept ignoring that and charged me $22 which was $10 above what I was quoted. No amount of discussion was going to change anything. She was determined to charge me more no matter what. I told her that I would be giving a review on yelp, and she was fine with that as long as she got more money for the job. I have never given a review before but felt compelled to do so since she was willing to have me as a one time customer for an extra $10.The doctor was ok, but the billing office is awful!  Of course you're required to pay up front, but then don't bill the insurance.  We've been fighting for over 3 months now, been promised time and time again that they will file with the insurance, and yet this still has not been resolved.  We've left 3 more messages this week and now they don't even return our phone calls.I would give a zero if I could. Whoever does scheduling is completely rude. Called to try and schedule an appointment. I am an existing patient at another location and she said that didn't matter at this location and that I would be a new patient there so they wouldn't see me. When I tried to explain and ask if she would look up my info, she just snapped that it didn't work that way there.I relocated to Arizona from Georgia in January, and visited Dr. Vadivelu's office to have a maintenance prescription renewed. I have not had any other reason to go see her, until this week - I have developed an abscess, and it is draining and tender. I called the doctor's office this morning to schedule an appointment because I feel that it needs medical attention.   I was told by the clinic receptionist that Dr. Vadivelu does not have any appointments available until October. I explained my situation in detail and told her that I felt I needed to be seen immediately because I might possibly need antibiotics or other care. She again insisted that Dr. Vadivelu has no appointments available until October. I do not see the point of having a primary care physician who is  unable to see me if I need immediate attention. I will be going to the urgent care facility near my home, and changing my primary care physician as soon as I can get in touch with my insurance company. I am very disappointed in the level of patient care provided by this clinic, and I will not be returning to Banner Higley in the future or recommending it to anyone that I know.This clinic is awful and the staff doesn't give a damn about you. I don't like my primary Dr. at all she doesn't seem to know what she's talking about and stares at me blankly. Also the wait time is craziness. Over 2 hours? Why do you schedule me at 2pm, if you can't see me until 4pm? Seriously.  Changing clinic/Dr. ASAP!!The office staff at Dr Trent Smith is HORRIBLE.  I was told I would not be seen after finishing by paperwork because they found I had an outstanding balance at another physician office.  They were abupt and very rude!!!!!!!!!  The billing is issue reflects poorly on the Banner Health system.  They have been sending the bill to the wrong address and did not have any insurance information because it was provided but it failed to upload to the billing system.  I have never been more humiliated and embarrassed.First time I called and I was greeted by a very impatient and rude receptionist. It's times like this that I am glad Yelp is around to save people frustrating experiences. Especially when looking for a care provider.This is a joke.  After waiting 1 and a half hours past my appointment time I left.  The had already billed my card and wouldn't reverse it.  Instead they sent me a refund cheque 12 days later.  This was in July.  Today, DECEMBER 7th, I got an invoice and a phone call saying that I was responsible for $105 that the insurance didn't cover.  I called their billing dept and was again told I was responsible for the amount the insurance didn't cover.  THERE WAS NEVER A DR VISIT TO BE BILLED FOR.  I do a little research and find that they have indeed fraudulently billed my insurance company and were trying to defraud me for an additional $105 for A VISIT THAT NEVER OCCURRED. Banner is by far the worst medical organization that i have ever dealt with.  I highly recommend that everyone checks their billing statements very carefully.  My next call is to the fraud dept at my insurance company.  How does a Dr with this many bad reviews still get to practice?these people literally never answer theirs phones. And call back days later. Unacceptable.My family of four came here for breakfast this morning. VERY disappointed. Not busy at all. After ordering our waitress said she had to leave and her daughter would be serving us. After a long wait one plate of pancakes was delivered to the table (no syrup) after another 5 minutes the second order of pancakes came again no syrup. Had to ask our waitress for syrup. She brought a bottle that had about a half ounce in it.Really for two orders of pancakes! My daughter had to get up and ask the waitress for more syrup and she said she had to take another order from a table first. Really as our pancakes sit getting cold. Eventually we get more syrup. Finally our two orders of omelets arrive. Really disappointing more like quiche than omelets. Very thin and scorched. Not worth the $8.00. I had to remind the waitress about my side of potatoes and still waited. After several minutes, again my daughter got up and had to ask the waitress for the potatoes. Finally as we are almost done eating, the cook brought the potatoes apologizing saying she overlooked them.We say ok we understand. However we never heard an apology from the waitress. The quality of the food was terrible and the service was extremely poor. There must have been a change in ownership recently. I had lunch here last year and had a much better experience. We won't be back.My family of four came here for breakfast this morning. VERY disappointed. Not busy at all. After ordering our waitress said she had to leave and her daughter would be serving us. After a long wait one plate of pancakes was delivered to the table (no syrup) after another 5 minutes the second order of pancakes came again no syrup. Had to ask our waitress for syrup. She brought a bottle that had about a half ounce in it.Really for two orders of pancakes! My daughter had to get up and ask the waitress for more syrup and she said she had to take another order from a table first. Really as our pancakes sit getting cold. Eventually we get more syrup. Finally our two orders of omelets arrive. Really disappointing more like quiche than omelets. Very thin and scorched. Not worth the $8.00. I had to remind the waitress about my side of potatoes and still waited. After several minutes, again my daughter got up and had to ask the waitress for the potatoes. Finally as we are almost done eating, the cook brought the potatoes apologizing saying she overlooked them.We say ok we understand. However we never heard an apology from the waitress. The quality of the food was terrible and the service was extremely poor. There must have been a change in ownership recently. I had lunch here last year and had a much better experience. We won't be back. Read lessVery poor service, dark and old customer area, Friday BBQ did not deserve to attack a palette and the cornbread was moldy and acknowledged as such by the kitchen manager. To their credit our money was refunded for the two dinners but moldy?.....really?Don't go unless you see it on the foodnetwork for corrective action!Posting is only on business being closed for restructuring until sept 21 st  drive 20 miles for breakfast only to find out it's not open to public still doing cateringThis location used to be the divine Angel Sweet Gelato store.  We loved this store as it had wonderful full flavored Gelato.  Was just in tonight and the change when Gelato Spot took over is very disappointing.  They no longer allow two flavors in the small size cup.  With good Gelato you don't need big cups because the flavor is so intense.  However that is not a problem here since it tastes like garden variety ice cream, not intensely flavored Gelato.  They retained the name of Fruits of the Forest from Angel Sweet for one of the flavors, but what a difference.  Angel Sweet's version was incredibly intense, flavorful, full of pieces of fruit.  The Gelato Spot version is flavorless, has no pieces of fruit and is just pink ice cream.  Another favorite was the chocolate chip (has an Italian name I can't remember).  The Angel Sweet version was creamy texture, with bits of really good chocolate drizzled over the top.  The Gelato Spot version is grainy texture, and has the flavor of a ordinary chocolate chip ice cream.All in all this location went from extraordinary to awful.  It went from Gelato that was special to "Gelato" that is suspect.  The price is way too expensive for very marginal Gelato that tastes like ice cream.  What a loss.This place serves ice cream not gelato.  Let me be clear in saying I was a huge fan of Angel Sweet, but as long as the quality remains, I couldn't care less in who owns the place or who "peddles" the addicting gelato to me. First, the seating is much improved, but too modern for a place that serves young families (ie Chandler). Second, they now serve only scoops.  So if my husband who REALLY liked Fruits of the Forest and Banana combined he USED to be able to get 2 flavors and a lot of it.  Now with Gelato Spot, if he wants a large (3 scoops) he would have to choose another flavor or upset the 50/50 ratio of flavor goodness by adding an additional scoop of one and not the other.  Now we could overlook these flaws if the flavor was still there.  But it is no where to be found.Normally when you eat good, quality gelato, the flavor punches you in the mouth and there is no mistaking that you are eating pistachio or strawberry or lemon etc.  Gelato Spot is the exact opposite of the flavor explosion.  It's more like the boiled meat and vegetables that you put in the blender for your toothless grandma.  You can visually see the difference between the previous gelato and the current imposter.  The individual colors used to be bold and vibrant.  They're muted and pastie from too much cream. Bottom line:  if you want a nice place to sit, they now have booths.  But the gelato that you're paying for is basically ice cream and Dairy Queen could beat them out in the flavor department.  Pass on this place.This used to be the amazing Angel Sweet which I absolutely loved. I have only been back one time since Gelato Spot took over and boy was that a mistake. Like all the other reviewers..I don't know if you can even call this Gelato anymore which is weird as I have been to their Scottsdale location, and while not the best gelato, it is worlds apart from what they sell at the Chandler spot. The "gelato" was expensive, the scoop size was small, and the flavours were definitely lacking.They had a peanut butter and rasberry flavour that I sampled that I almost spit out. Now for a guy whose nickname is Icecreamismylife, there are not many types/flavours of ice cream that I do not like. In fact I can only think of one time where I actually did spit out a sample. That was when Cold Stone thought it would be a great idea to introduce a Wasabi flavour. Well let me say that I actually believe that the Wasabi was better tasting than the pb&rasberry. But I guess you can't really take my word for it. I had another friend who thought it tasted like a pb&j. So you can give it a try. Just don't blame me if/when your gag reflex kicks in.With all of the other amazing ice cream parlors in Phoenix I can't see myself returning again to even give it another chance.My only comment is on their choice of which sugar free chocolate to carry. It is the version that makes you sick. Better sugar frees have been out for years that will not do this. They need to step up if they want to cater to that crowd.I was just in here today with my family. The second we walked in the girl working the front looked completely confused and was rolling her head around in circles, literally. She didn't seem to want to serve my family. Apparently their credit/debit card machines don't work often so I had to dish out cash. The ceiling was open right above my gelato, disgusting. And it was so overwhelmingly hot in there.   I used to go to this place every other week with my family when it was under Angel Sweet, the staff then was much more professional and friendly and welcomed everyone with a smile. New management needs to get the ball rolling the right way. The gelato was good though.Based on previous reviews from this site I tried to spend money with Place of Clay.   It is so humiliating to realized that you have  been repeatedly lied to.  Wouldn't it be better just to say that you can't provide a custom product?  I just returned from another trip to Mexico City and I love that country but I can't comprehend why it seems that Mexican providers will  string you along until you give up, rather than be honest and say "No" we can''t do that for you.  What else can I say?    I cannot recommend Place of Clay and suggest you don't waste your time with them.I was happy with them until my wedding day. They are not open on Sunday, and they didn't tell the bakery that is next to them that someone would be picking up my order. My brother went there and the lady at the bakery had no idea where to find them. This was at 12pm... my wedding was a 4pm. Finally I got a hold of someone and they finally told them where all of it was kept. Then, after we had gotten them (around 2pm) I looked over the order, and the toss bouquet was not there. I called and she said she would bring it to me by 5pm, and it was never delivered. The bridal bouquet was beautiful, but the bridesmaid bouquets and boutonnieres were average. The boutonnieres were magnetic, and kept moving around on the men. During my ceremony, my husbands boutonniere was upside down. Needless to say, I would never use them again for anything. I was very disappointed.First, this didn't ruin our wedding or anything that dramatic. But I wanted to share what happened so others will avoid a disappointing experience. Perhaps if we had placed a larger order it would have been handled better. But based on the response afterwards, I don't think it would have changed much. We had a small wedding on 1/5/14. This date had been pushed out several weeks, due to schedules, so it was by no means a rushed event for the florist. My wife had made decorative wine bottles for center pieces and delivered them to the store. They merely had to place some sprigs and 2-3 roses in each. Seems simple , right?  Well, when my friend picked them up from the store, there were several broken roses and most had begun to wilt already. There were several dead leaves on them as well. It gets better. There was even one bottle with no roses at all. The person tending the store said they didn't have any more roses to replace the broken or missing ones on the order. So, the florist doesn't have enough roses for even a small order?We ended up rearranging them ourselves (after taking pictures) and moved on. Then comes the bouquet. We were shown some very elaborate "bling" wraps, that my wife loved and was very excited about. This was to be wrapped around the stems of a silk bouquet. When we went in to the store a couple weeks prior to the wedding to confirm our order, we discussed, with a new person, the potential of changing the flower color. She showed us an example of the potential new color in silk and we agreed to stick with what we had already selected. Some how this was confused with changing to real roses instead of silk. This made no sense, being that my wife had always planned on keeping the bouquet. Not good, but mistakes can happen. But, then the bling wrap we were shown was not used either. Instead a sloppily glued ribbon with some basic bling beading was wrapped around the stems. This all feels like a case of "we under bid this small order, so lets cut corners". Just my opinion.After the wedding I emailed them through their website. I received an email back from Aimee, the owner. She professed she would look it to this and get back to me "ASAP". That was over a month ago and not a peep since then. I emailed her again today letter her know I would be sharing my experience on Yelp and FB.  All I can say now is to steer clear of Beloved Lily (same owners and Mind Over Batter, which thankfully we didn't use after hearing similar complaints about customer service and order accuracy). They just aren't getting it right Good luck,After reading good reviews about Beloved Lily, we decided to order some flower for my wedding. Our wedding was on 01/25/2016, a few weeks earlier I made an appointment with a florist from Beloved Lily.

BIG disappointmentWe came for the Prime Rib and Shrimp buffet. We should have taken the hint when a guy walking out said he was going to McDonalds. We thought he was making a joke. We were there at 7pm, not right before closing, and all the food was old. The prime was rare, but so tough that you couldn't even cut it with a knife. It was very chewy. The only shrimp I could find was some small, deep fried, and some peel and eat. They were both mediocre. The mashed potatoes were good. Stuffing was dried out. The chicken taco meat was old and dried out. Mac and cheese was dried out and crunchy. I could keep going, but you get the point. We tried telling the manager, and he was making excuses and very dismissive. So we paid $80 for 4 sodas and mashed potatoes....Zero starsSorry the program won't let me review without stars.  Should be zeroBbq night save your time and money not different than other nights!Hardly any bbq meats

Customer service non-existant, Very rude on the phone.Let me preface this with:  If I could give less stars I would. My teenage son had a booking to ride from Kingman, AZ to Phoenix, AZ yesterday. I prepaid and purchased his ticket online weeks ago. We got to the bus station early and we were told he couldn't ride without a notarized letter stating he could. NOWHERE on the site did I find this info, he couldn't board, and his trip was delayed a day. Fast forward to today. We get to the depot at noon, which is 45 min early. Bus isn't there at 12:45 so we start calling the main office in Vegas. The idiot of a girl there answers the phone as if it's her own personal phone, doesn't even introduce herself or the company. We ask where the bus is and she puts us on hold for literally 11:30 minutes. I hang up, call back, and between her giggles she half-assed answers the phone.  After 5 minutes of holding she says "the bus will be there at 2:10."  I asked why the bus is 90 minutes late and she just repeats herself. We go home to burn some time after sitting at the depot for an hour, and come back at 1:55 and the bus is already there waiting.  The riders all look upset and the driver gets out and explains what's going on. Evidently the girl at the depot in Vegas never told him my son was on the manifest for today, so he drove through Kingman without stopping and was an hour past kingman on the way to Phoenix when she radioed and told him to come back for my son. You can imagine the anger of the passengers, all of which is now directed at my teenage son whom is - at this exact moment - riding for 3 1/2 hours to Phoenix with a bunch of angry strangers that are two hours later getting to their destination. FUCK YOU!Sincerely,JasonIf I could minus stars I would.....absolutely unprofessional and worst customer service,  aside from the fact they completely didn't pick up my daughter in Laughlin going to Phoenix, at the exact location our confirmation email said to be at that day. When calling to confirm reservation and where to pick up, they confirmed the pick up and time. When the bus was 5 minutes late we called and they said the bus was at the pick up, I said no they're not, then they explained was across the river at the hotel instead of the parking lot that is in our explanation. Told them she will be there in 5 to 7 minutes and the lady said ok the bus driver is there and will wait, she made it there within 7 minutes and no bus!! Call back and she says "oh the bus driver left". Horrible!! I said well it could've only left a couple minutes ago, tell it to come back and they said no he left!! The customer service (if you dare to call it that) was so bad I can't explain!!!!  Then I said I want to speak to the supervisor and they put me on hold for 15 minutes while my daughter was stranded at a bus stop by herself in the dark. Then she got back on the phone and said there was nothing they could do!!! My daughter had no money and they wouldnt pay for a hotel for her overnight to get on the bus in the morning.  They only said we will give you refund.  THAT DOESN'T HELP MY STRANDED DAUGHTER!! I EVEN CALLED 2 TIMES BEFORE TO CONFIRM TIME AND PICK UP!!!! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE RAN COMPANY!!! THEN SAID NO IT'S NOT THEIR JOB TO PAY FOR HOTEL.....NO CRAP, IT'S THEIR JOB TO PICK UP AT SAID LOCATION OF WHERE THEY CONFIRM!!! ARE YOU THAT STUPID!!! LIKE I'M ASKING FOR YOU TO PAY FOR A HOTEL JUST BECAUSE. THE WORST COMPANY AND CYSTOMER SERVIE I'VE EXPERIENCED IN MY LIFE!!This bus service caters mostly to a Mexican population. While their buses are more modern than greyhound, the drivers do not communicate with passenger with overhead notification. They only speak Spanish which I feel is wrong, since their are non speaking Spanish people on the bus. One driver was extremely rude to my girlfriend while boarding. I had to speak aggressively to point out his rudeness. Overall, I would avoid this bus service because of its lack of ethnic flexibility and its favoritism to only Spanish speaking people.Terrible overall experience, we got stranded in Kingman when our car broke down so I bought tickets for my wife and myself to get to Vegas so we could get on a plane the next day.  The bus company called us and said they were an hour an a half behind, at the hour and a half point of waiting we called again they said they would find out and call us back but never called me. Half hour later they showed up, the bus was pretty comfortable but nobody spoke English and the movies were in Spanish only.  On the website they gave me a choice of destinations in Las Vegas, I was supposed to get dropped off at the south end of the strip by our hotel, instead they went to the terminal 6.5 miles north, they left us with two bags a piece in north Vegas in the middle of the damn night, we then had to spend 30 bucks on a cab to bring us where we were supposed to be dropped off.  STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THIS BUS COMPANYI've been trying to call their office for A week to make an appointment. Every time I call it says their voicemail box is full. The one time I did get through to an answering machine I left a message with my phone number and never received a call back.How can you go to a KFC and no matter what time of day they never have any chicken made?I do not like this KFC ...or any really for that matter. Every time I have been here the place is filthy. I know they remolded the place and I have not been since then, so I am not sure if the conditions are the same.The food is just not good in any way anymore. Not that it was ever great, but you could get some decent chicken and some sides and be content. What the hell have they done to the mac & cheese? It is so gross..the color is just not appealing and the taste is worse. Food at this place has been served under temperature enough times to keep me from returning.Mikie, that's me silly silly me. After Showing a home I was told to pick up some chicken on the way home. So the only chicken place on my was KFC. I do not like this store but it was supposedly cleaned up since my last disastrous visit. So I figured it must be better, right.... So I walk in and there is one guy taking orders. A nice queen of a guy who had all the sweeties, dears and honeys down pat. He did his job well and as I watched seem to do everyone else too. I ordered a bucket of twelve pieces with sides. And as it has always been with this store, no chicken ready to go. It will be ten minutes I am told for the breasts to be ready. So I say OK. 27 minutes later I am getting my order. In that wait time they made four orders that no one was waiting for. The other folks that came in after I; had left before me. Each of those orders involved breasts. Finally Mr. queen noticed I was still standing and waiting he gets my order, well tells the girl to pack it up. I get home and find one breast in the order. Silly silly me....Way overpriced, since when did a tiny piece of chicken become $5. I can buy a 3 pound bag at walmart for that. Anyway, I went around 10pm and ordered a famous bowl and it was less than half full! Bull crap, this KFC reallly lacks.Check your order.  If they can get it wrong, they will.First they got my order wrong, they only heard half of it although they repeated it back to me as i ordered it...they didn't repeat the whole order at the end.... maybe they felt rushed as its dinner rush maybe..... While ordering i was told that they were out of pepsi... so i had to get mnt. dew...at the window i discovered they hadn't actually added my second 5$ meal...so i had to reorder that while i was there....as i looked at my receipt i saw that they had decided to give me ranch dip without ever asking me what i wanted...I asked if they could give me hot sauce as well and I was told they were also out of hot sauce...

We were stayed on the 30th floor- which was nice- however

I sorted through those waiting, politely asked and found there was no line and made my way to the window.   I ordered the Beef Moki and because of the positive Yelp comments, added a side of fried pickle.  Total was $8 without a drink (I got one of the fruit drinks at the other trucks there).  Window guy said it would be about 7 mins, which caused me to look at my Droid - 1:22PM.   At 1:38PM my Moki arrived but there was a few minutes more wait for the fried pickle which wasn't ready yet.  Took 20 mins total and this was well past peak lunch hour.  Sat down and looked at what I got (see photos I took).  Other Yelpers are right, the dog is small. The Moki is listed as having green chilis, onions, tomatos, pinto beans, cheddar & mayo. I was anticipating a nice SouthWestern style blend of flavors, but that was absent.  I bit in and none of these flavors jumped out, no chili heat, no flavor burst, no taste of fresh veggies melding. What I did get was a sensation of the tough skin texture of the dog, very thick naan bread and a pinto bean absorbtion.  Turning to the fried pickle, its breading kept falling off just leaving the limp, soggy pickle.  I finished the 7 pieces of fried pickle that I had paid $3 for and wondered why the ratings were so high.  The dining area I sat in was very windy, blowing fiercely which made the experience forced; a hand off between eating and holding down anything that I had ordered.  Hours later, my iron stomach is still getting belch tones from the dog's meat spices and oil based aromas. This isn't good.Unless you're working right across the street and this place was the utmost in convenience, I'd pass.  The flavors didn't work or even stand out, the service was incredibly slow, and the eating area was dumpy and windy.  Spending $8 for "a dog and pickles" then add an additional cost of a drink beyond that, you are already at sit down restaurant prices found elsewhere nearby.

My complaint is every time I have called, I am on hold for AT LEAST 10 solid minutes.

-Triple Foam Polish (?)

If I charge this much I would make sure all seafood are fresh.

Hi pricedI wish I could give 0 stars, but Yelp won't let me. Sometimes no matter how much you may enjoy the food, the management is sickening. Stay away.My husband and I just left Hi-Scores about 30 min ago and we both agreed we will not be going back! First, we couldn't find parking and so we had to park in the hotel parking lot next door. (That doesn't really bother us because we like to walk sometimes) Second, we go into the place and after we get our wrist bands (for being over 21) we just walked around aimlessly becuase no one had said where to go or anything about the place. We were so lost! So we end up by the games and luckily there was a guy sitting there and he asked if we have ever been there and then told us a little about the games. That helped for a few minutes but we had originally come to watch the walking dead. So after playing a game of pinball we start to walk and came across the 21 and over bar. We found a seat and had ordered our drinks. I had ordered coke and a water and my husband ordered a beer. It took 10 minutes to get just the coke and water. Then another 10 just for his beer! Sad thing is we were sitting right across from the bar and probably could have walked up and gotten it faster. The other thing that we couldn't stand was how noisy it was considering lots of people were there to watch the show. I understand it is a bar but when you have something like that going on they could have at least closed the doors to the gaming room or the front door! My husband and I will have to watch it again tomorrow to actually hear what they were saying. We felt so weird being there because it seemed like it was just someone's house party and we were the outsiders. Everyone stared at us because we hadn't been there before. But what confuses me is why no one showed us or told us about the other side of the building to the "players club"!?!?! And besides the pretzel bytes I didn't see anything else I liked on the menu. We won't be going here again!! Don't go unless you are best friends with the owner! Otherwise you will be lost and left out of everything and have poor service!None of the games work properly. Good beer specials, but so does PT's. Very small and the service was horrible. Ill pass on this place.So I don't know if I was just tired, but I did not enjoy coming here. I'm usually the type of girl that's down for a night cap at the local bar down the street. So when this place was brought up instead of our usual PTs down the street, I was down to try a new place.Like I said, I only got a few hours of sleep the night before and I knew I had work early the next morning, but I tried to keep an open mind. Plus who doesnt like alcohol. When we got there, music was waay too loud. Only played rock music the entire time we were there so that was one star taken off. Second, there was nothing that held my attention. At least at PTs, there are multiple televisions that have different channels so there's at least one thing I can focus on. Nope, not here. Only thing that kept my attention was the local news. Who plays the news at a bar?? Anyways, we ordered the Chinese meatballs, which sounded amazing on the menu. They were totally undercooked. You could still taste the raw meat-ness of it. I don't know if that's a word, but yeah. And it was covered in this soy sauce/diabetes marinade that was overpowering. I could hardly finish one. Only saving grace was that my drink was delish.Lastly, I don't play video games, nor do I have any interest in them. So coming here wasn't going to be a 5 star rating anyway. I felt uncomfortable the entire time because despite the female bartender, I was the only other female in the place, except for a group of girls that walked in when we were almost finished. I don't think I'll be back here. Especially since I was bored out of my mind.This was my second time back. My first time here was cool but not really review worthy. I mean the food was good but nothing to rave about. However my second time here is review worthy. The experience was horrible. My party of 4 sits down and we are greeted by our waiter 20 minutes later. The waiter explains he is the only waiter working this night and the only waiter for the 2 group parties that night as well. So he take our drink orders and or food orders. we get our drinks {which by the way was water} 15 minutes later. My party and I are already annoyed at this point, the waiter tells us that the couple we are with that their orders can not be done because they have ran out of chicken and beef, so our friends decide to cancel their order and leave. My husband and I stayed because they were able to finish our orders. So our food gets to us 45 minutes after the food is okay a total of  2 hours of horrible service and a very unenjoyable time. Oh and we never got refills on water!. The waiter has the nerve to give us the bill and charge us full price, no courtesy discount for the obvious horrible service given to us. We speak with the manager who could be less caring and less apologetic about the service provided. This guy takes no pride in being a service manager for this facility. So bottom line great place to come to for the games and the bar. But stay clear of the food/restaurant portion of this place. Never again will we come back here and the horrible service scared our friends away it was trheir first time here.The bartender, a tall bald headed guy, he sucks.  We wanted to order food and the people sitting next to us could not believe he was ignoring the entire side of the bar we were on.  He was focused on 4 guys sitting on the other side of the bar.  Worst server EVER.  Last time we were here the bartender was awesome, this guy, I will turn around and walk out next time he is here.Went there on Saturday afternoon and completely disappointed. Music was so loud and distaste. Video games not on, beer pong tables sticky and nasty. I was there when first open and a lot of fun. Now just dirty and  uninviting. I wish i could give no stars...don't waste your time here.Food is absolutely over priced. This is Henderson not the strip. If your going to charge this much, make sure its worth it.So after further investigation via several visits over many months from my initial visit, I cannot pretend to like this place any more.The concept is cool but it's woefully undersold. Where are the video game tournaments? It's really just a sports bar that has an arcade in it. And the arcade has gone to crap. Console games are no longer being played because there aren't controllers for patrons, so the screens are just TVs. The arcade is very often empty. There is no gamer demographic coming to this place any more. The bar has become very smokey and it seems that the ventilation system is failing because it seeps into the dining room. And good luck finding a server in the dining room. It is damn near impossible. When you do find a server, well, the service is shit. You are not advised of the drink specials, they are off socializing with one another instead of paying attention to their customers, and they look at you like you're bothering them. To top it off, they fail to tell you that their football specials cancel out their happy hour specials, so if you happen to go there during a football game, be warned. This normally wouldn't be a big deal, but the lackadaisical approach to the information is really annoying. "Oh, yeah, they should really write that on there, huh?" - server. Part of your job as a server is to make the customer feel welcome.The food is mediocre at best, the drinks are expensive and you can find a better selection at Yardhouse, the place is smokey, and the service is shit. Yeah, it's true, the games are free, but that's not a selling point when you're no longer a video game bar. You're just a shitty sports bar that happens to have an arcade available.Terrible bar. The service sucks. Workers are rude. Over priced drinks/food. Dirty facility. Uncomfortable layout of place. I'll never go back. Waist of money. Waist of time. Waist of a fun Saturday night. You've been warned.I've never been served so horribly than here and on my boyfriend's birthday. The wait to get served at the table was bad enough, the waitress couldn't take menu orders without detailed instructions. The manager couldn't critically think about how to handle it either. How hard is it to order a hamburger? I've been a server and assistant manager in a fast past restaurant before and this was an embarrassing experience that could of been handled better. For $15 meal, it would be better spent somewhere else. I recommend other places if you're looking for good food, service and experience. For the money, I recommend BJ's restaurant any day of the week; at the very least, BJ offers better quality service.Overpriced food and drinks. My wife and I went in for dinner and drinks and it was over $80.Caution, stay away from this place...Went to check it out thinking it was going to be like insert coin, boy were we wrong. Best part of this place is the free 80's era arcade games. There was 7 in out party, walked around in circles for 10 minutes until we finally sat ourselves, tons of employees, no one greeted us until we found a table. Decided to get a couple drinks and have some food. Beers were good (hard to mess up beer). My wife ordered a mixed drink, 8.50 and had more cranberry juice then Vodka. Bought 2 shots at 7.50 a piece that were 1/2 full in each shoot glass. so 2 actually equaled 1 at any other bar. Ordered wings, had no flavor and they looked like they had been seating under a heat lamp, dry and zero flavor. We also ordered 3 sandwiches and a pizza. Sandwiches again had no flavor, ordered the Chicken artichoke pizza. Pizza smelled like salmon and the dough was paper-thin. they messed up the first pizza and had remake it...so by time we got it, everyone else in our party was done eating. I find it hard to mess up a pizza when there was about 15-20 total customers and most were at the bar drinking. All in all we walked out the door spending $125 for food and drinks...That's the last dollar this place will see from meHave a look at this review of Hi Scores Arcade Lounge, Henderson on @Zomato -- http://zoma.to/review/24150771terrible service! Asian lady bartender was a extremely rude. seemed to be inconvenienced by the customers. was eating while she was tending bar. gross...We chose Hooters instead of Buffalo Wild Wings because we were with a friend who is from Ireland and had never been to a Hooters. It took 45 minutes for our food to arrive, when we were seated, there was less than 10 parties in the whole restaurant. We asked the server to send the manager over and he blamed the slowness on the kitchen getting slammed because there was an event nearby, but we had arrived before "the kitchen was slammed". He said he would look at our checks and get back to us, he never returned to our table. Our server came back and asked if everything had been taken care of and we said the manager never came back, she finally was able to get our checks. The manager did give us a discount off of our check, but I was overall disappointed in the whole experience and felt bad for our visiting friend who's first impression of Hooters was terrible.Horrible service!!! Food was O.K. (it's Hooters what do you want) but service was terrible!!!!! Maby it's because I'm used to going to the Hooters in Beach Place Ft. Lauderdale where they are ROCK STARS!!!! Do your self a favor & go across the street to B-DUBS.This place has horrible service.Our crew went there last night, the place was kind of empty. The guy behind the bar yelled to us to sit anywhere we like. We Sat out on the patio and no one even came out to greet us. After 15 minutes one of our guys went back inside and asked for service. One of the waitresses came out and had nothing but bad attitude. Then when we got our beers, another 20 mins later. They we're warm. Then when I asked for another beer she told me " Put it outside for a little while". The manager had to come out and bring me a new beer.I love Hooters. I eat at every Hooters in every city that I visit. I've never had service this bad in my life. I will never visit this location again. I wish you could give them -5.Just awful service, sat outside the patio and waitress acknowledged us by giving us menus. Waited for at least 15 minutes and than another couple sat at the patio and got served within 2 minutes. Walked out, not bothering with that type of service.I called ahead and ordered a dozen wings and the girl on the other end said...do you mean 10? I said , no, i mean a dozen, which is 12. She said, 10 or 20? I was not getting why she didn't understand. So, back and forth again until she said...we have them in 10 or 20. Ohhh....well, you could've saved some time by saying that in the beginning. Anyways, i picked up my wings and they had no sauce and so i asked for sauce and she gave me a side of what looked like vomit. It looked as if the sauce broke or something. It was curdled almost. I dunno, but with another wing place right across the street, I'd tighten that situation up. Ew...just grosses me out to even think they would serve someone that.....crap.I went today (11/4/15) for the all-you-can-eat wings. We received two severely undercooked wings and several that were questionable at best. I called the manager over and he said they weren't undercooked, it was "discoloration from the bone" and offered to make more!Really?UPDATE:It's now 12/2 and I have not heard back from Corporate in response to the email I sent them. Clearly, customer service at this company starts at the top.Been a couple of times before and had AMAZING service from Annaliese but the Manager Tim Fussell was very unprofessional with the girls that work there and seemed bothered when I had questions about the menu! IWatered down ranch dressing, they barely give you ice in your drink so it's hot, all you get is lettuce in your salad and they also charge you for the watered down ranch. Our server seemed clueless. I will go to another hooters and never to this one again.Sorry, but this place always smells like the sewer is backed up...the bar counter is always dirty!  & the bartenders are not nice or friendly.WOW was that horrible service. Ordered 50 wings & they brought out all drumsticks. Waitress asked if we wanted to "send some back to swap them"? I actually had to count some out in a plate for her to take back to the kitchen. A few minutes later, she brought those back & said she didn't need them after all. Everyone in our group had to ask for every drink refill. She didn't get the drink order right, fries were not fresh, wings, I mean drumsticks were rather dry. When we got the bill, she charged an up charge for the drumsticks. Wth? We didn't want all drumsticks. I had to ask another waitress to fix the check as ours was nowhere to be seen. The only time the waitress came quickly to the table was to pick up our money. Never saw a manager. No wonder the restaurant is slow on a Friday night.Just left this Hooter's after eating the most foulest oyster.  I have never tasted something so horrible.  I pray I don't get food poisoning from it.  Told our waitress about it and got an "Oh", that's it! nothing more. The overall service was fair, nothing great.  Food was fair, but the bad oyster and the total lack of concern is the reason for me giving one star. I never give one star.  If I die tonight let this be a warning to all who thinking eating oysters at Hooter's is good idea.  It's not!!!!Ate there Thursday afternoon.   Hot wings sauce was mild, the last 2 oysters were bad.  When mentioned to the waitress she just said "oh".  Clueless.   Won't be back ever.Purchased a breakfast sandwich while transferring flights at Phoenix Airport. The menu said egg, avocado, bacon and cheese. Asked for no bacon. I got fragments of bacon and no avocado, on a bacon-grease-soaked English muffin. It was disgusting and inedible, although I actually took a bite before I threw it in the trash, which I regretted. I spend a lot of time in airports so well aware the food is typically bad, but based on this experience Olive & Ivy Marketplace is near the bottom.A small bottle of water cost me $3.56. I cursed myself when I found out that PHX airport had water filtration at their water fountains. Bring your water bottles & fill up; don't get gouged.Been here twice.  First time they were out of everything I wanted on the menu.  Granola on the yogurt parfait was soggy.  The staff is so grumpy... they need some sleep.  Skip this place if you want some food at PHX.tl;dr: terrible bagels, terrible service, go elsewhere. If I could give this zero stars I would because it is a sad excuse for a restaurant. They were out of cream cheese at 8AM, but they had butter and jelly which you had to put on your own bagel. That would have been fine had they not charged me for the cream cheese anyway (even though I questioned it). The cashier was super curt with us despite there being nobody else in the line. They "toasted" my bagel in a panini press, which squished it down flat and made it taste like sliced bread. I also ordered coffee, which was below average. The worst part was probably that the lid to the cup was super flimsy (clear plastic that bent every time the cup changed shape, so that when I went to pick up the cup, coffee spilled all over my hands (and I couldn't put the lid on tighter or readjust it). All around a thumbs down. Would not recommend.I Went threw the drive Thru to get a mango tea annnnd that Shit Was Nasty as Fuck. Straight Booty . But on the flip side the Chocolate Over Load cake was Pretty Bomb.This is during the late hours. The MANAGER was very rude and said some very inappropriate things along the lines of "Thanks for ordering a big order, we only have three people working and that made our day so thank you for that!" As of this date 12/26/15 at approximately 12am, the guys needs to be fired for this. Will probably be calling for complaints about this. You should be professional wherever you work at regardless. Most terrible service ever! Worst of all Jack in the Box! Never got the name because he left right away after throwing the food at us.Only because one star is the lowest available.  Absolutely you feel like just a number with Banner Health.  My primary physician was fantastic, caring and non-dismissive, sold his practice to Banner and now it takes weeks to see him and the obvious sense of hurry is not at all comfortable, and he is trying.  However, the referral to Rheumatology was ridiculous.  One week before my appt, (scheduled out almost 3 months!), I was called and told the Dr wasn't going to be in on the appt. day and could I change it to which I agreed.  After arriving at the wrong office, (even though this Dr's name is still on the door), I went to the correct office where I waited in the waiting room for an hour past my appt time only to be shown into the examination room where I was left for an additional half hour before I walked out.  Sometimes Dr's run late but discussing the tardiness with other patients in the waiting room I discovered this was the norm and 1 1/2 hours late wasn't that bad compared to normal.  Yes it's a Dr's office but it is also a business and if I ran my business that way I would be out of business.  I discussed this issue with 2 banner employees who argued that there just aren't many Rheumatologists in the Banner system, (one person claimed there was only one), to which I replied, "Then refer me out of Banners System".

I come from a family of veterans and have been shooting for over 30 years and it amazes me that some of these shop are still in business with the way they treat their customers

"TV dinner food made by Filipino people."I had no idea it is a Philippino restaurant. Looks like a typical fast food joint. I live in the neighborhood and saw "Chicken and Burgers" so I walked in for some chicken. I ordered the 3 peace chicken. Asked for all white meat. They said it is a 25 minute wait for all white. Don't know why but I said I'll wait. On the menu it says $1 upgrade for white meat. That was fine until I paid, and discovered it is $1 per peace! 3 peace chicken = $3. Not cool.Chicken was served with two sides. 6-7 peaces of french fries and a tablespoon of corn. Chicken was decent but not worth $12. Pepeys chicken is much better for half the price.I'm never going there again.This morning I went there to pick up  breakfast.  To make a long story short, I had the worst customer service experience from beginning of the transaction till the end.  I looked at the name tag to see who was helping me and it was the restaurant manager herself.  Marivic, if you dislike your job then please quit.  I have been going to Jolibee for 10+ years and never have I been rudely treated the way you treated me.  You were very, VERY, rude.  Plus the fact that you got my order wrong made me more disappointed that a person like you, a restaurant manager, is running the show.  A big thumbs down for JollibeeI'm confused. Nothing was edible. Fries were chewy and starchy. The fried chicken was old and smelly. The so called yummy burger was the most disgusting of it all I don't even know what kind of meat it was it didn't taste like anything I've ever eaten. I'm so confused how this place is in businessThis place is theeee worst restaurant in the whole city!!! Could care less of its franchise all around the world.. the fried chicken was horrible!!!  The cheese burger had green meat inside of it so i didnt even attempt  a bite of it!!! this place needs to be closed by the health dept, I just threw my food as well as my money away!! sTAY away even if your  ASIANStopped in here for lunch, without checking out the reviews on yelp..... Big Mistake.... Big ..... Huge!

Waitress: "Yes 40 minutes"

Even one we edited it down it still cost us 3 times more than the Salisbury Post which ran the full obituary.

Sans parler que la place est minuscule. Rien d'alléchant.I was all worked up for this so called fantastic smoked meat sandwich and my son and I went and tried it we were deeply disappointed. We ordered the smoked meat sandwich and cherry cola and I asked does a pickle come with it and he said oh yes of course. The sandwich was terrible and I have had better at dunns or your neighborhood restaurant and then I got the bill for this disapointment and it was a whopping 22.00 dollars never again will I go there waste of money and time.sandwiches are OK,  just OK. mass delusional hype is the only explanation. sides were not worth it at all. skip waiting in line like a tool and just order the sandwich to go if you want the "experience", what experience that is I have yet to figure outI was really disappointed. Came in late one night to try the famous blah blah blah and instead left with my friend insulted and feeling pressured into giving a big tip for (pretty slow) counter service!The smoked meat sandwich was bland. Just a big pile of bland and old meat, which had clearly been reheated and was now dry and stringy. The fries were, actually, pretty good. The cherry soda, also pretty good in combination with the other things. But in the end it was not worth it.The uncomfortable part started when we sat down and the guy behind the counter asked us where we were from. My friend is from Vietnam, and once the counter guy heard that he started going off on how "I bet you're from south Vietnam" and talking about how he knows the whole story, and basically recounting a poor History Channel summary of the Vietnam War from some documentary he watched. Thanks, but my friend already knows. Then he mentioned something about Asians taking jobs, and wouldn't stop talking about Vietnam until I completely changed the subject.While we were waiting for the check I hear one of the guys brag about how he just scammed the guy sitting next to us out of 10 dollars by saying he "didn't have any change" and then he pressured us into giving him a higher tip too. We just wanted to leave at that point.Yeah the fries were good but maybe go somewhere else where you can get a sandwich that tastes good as well, without the other sh*t.Restaurant is rundown and dirty - there were crushed fries on the floor, mustard bottle was oily.  Smoked meat (even the lean cut) is way too fatty and greasy, we left huge chunks of fat in our plates. Bread was soggy from all the grease. That place is all hype and no substance. Finally, they have a "cash only" policy so they can squeeze an extra percent or two of profit out of the system. Won't be going back.DIRTY CUTLERIES! RUDE WAITER telling customers to remove their bags from a seat so prospective other customers who have not showed up yet can sit. On our table, multiple knives were still EXTREMELY DIRTY with meat stains all over them, and yet those knives were stacked up as if they were cleaned and ready to use for customers.The waiter repeatedly told us to cramp our 3 seats together and remove our bags from the 4th seat so other non-existent customers can sit and share our table. I have never met a waiter so rude!These 2 things were the deal breakers for my family and me. We were already seated and ready to order our lunch, but we decided to leave Schwartz and take our business elsewhere.NEVER AGAIN I WILL SET FOOT IN THIS F*&KING PLACE!This is the perfect example of hype outweighing reality. The food is average and the service is below par. Our waiter forcefully suggested a meal option which he said was a great deal and also decided to add some things we didn't order. Tip tell them exactly what you want and dont let them upsell. This great deal was exactly the same price as on the menu if ordered separately. Only having a few nights in montreal i was very disappointed i wasted one of my meals at schwartz's.First of all, I like Katz deli in NYC than this place. (Am from NYC) but the pastrami sandwich was not bad here. but service here was horrible. Bald, belly out and glass wearing guy was serving utensil and place for my table. I was with ma family. This place was packed as usual as other tourist places in Quebec.I didn't expect to get Michelin 3 star restaurant service. However, this guy must know how to serve customers. I understand how busy he was. but HE SHOULD NOT THROW KNIFE ON THE TABLE!! HOW DARE DID HE!!My bro got somewhat pissed and asked him gently to do nicer. and THE GUY SAID HE GOT A NEW BOSS!! What kind of service was that?? He needs to go back to elementary school to learn very basic stuffs to be a human.By the way, food was not bad. just service was horrible..poor service!    fatty meat.I reviewed this restaurant before, but it got deleted, even though they say they don't remove them. This restaurant is the worst food I've ever eaten. The bread is stale. The meat is dry. The service is horrific. I don't know many other places that come as close to being as bad as Schwart's. It's so bad that it's an inside joke between me and my friend Nick that ate there. For example, "This food place is bad."Well, it's better than Schwartz's!" Don't eat here, please, just don't. Eat at the ice cream place across the street. It's soooo much better. P.S. The 45 minute wait in line and waiter service sucks.Not what it used to be....Had been a regular customer for over 20 years... but in the last few years we noticed it is not what it used to be... a decline in consistency little by little... along with an increase in price little by little...The kicker was when my parents visited the last time.  My father had been hearing about Schwartz's literally for 20 years from my mother my siblings and myself.... and anyone he knew who had made the journey from out west to visit me.... it felt like I dragged half of western Canada to schwartz's over the years... We took my father there and saw it from his eyes... it is no longer the gem it used to be and we will miss it as it was when I first moved here....We did not have to wait for a table - the only blessing ... we made sure we went early enough to be before the evening rush... so it was busy but not crowded and there was no line. It would have been dreadful to wait for that meal...

like he may have tainted my drink as well.I threw it out and just figured I save everyone

I didn't eat much of the sushi, because it didn't look so fresh... so, I only had the diarrhea,  but some of my friends ate double of what I ate and they were bad...and one friend ate more than what we did and she was the WORST. We had to drive back to L.A. that night and she was out of it...Couldn't stay awake, high fever, throwing up, diarrhea, headache....it's the worst.

- We ordered THREE chicken plate with white meat.  Everywhere else you get TWO chicken breasts and a wing.  What did we get?  We got a chicken breast and a wing.  Do people at KFC know how to count?  WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?

The place was empty, with one waiter and one cook and it was still painfully slow to get anything. The (evening) selection is severely lacking, and the web menu showed things that we could not get on the paper menu. Free parking in the back Long review:You have to keep in mind that I rarely give one star reviews, I know how hard it is to run a restaurant, but if you don't know what you are doing, you deserve to fail.It was freezing and my friend was in town to visit, we did not want to deal with parking downtown,so our choices were limited to Nami, Sushi Plus and Odaki, since they all offer free parking.Once here, we saw that the place was empty, fine, could be the weather, but the place itself was freezing, no heat turned on and waiter wants to sit us in the breezy middle.We see the menu, and so far so good, the selection is not the biggest since some sushi staples seem to be missing compared to their photo menu I saw before goinghttp://www.odakisushi.ca/odaki-buffet.htmlTheir numbered menu skipped over so many numbers, it was clear their menu was sliced in half. No Sushi Pizza, 4-5 Sashimi, 7-8 Nigiri, and half the Maki rolls were not on our menu. We started off with some salmon sushi, and from the first bite, the vinegar in the rice hit us. Terrible, terrible failure and an embarrassment.The selection of rolls is really tiny and just as un-fresh as the sushi.After the first plates were cleared, we decided to steer clear of anything with rice,The only thing that was tolerable was the sashimi, not the best, but it didn't have rice. We now concentrated on stir-fry and skewers, whoa boy.The first were OK,with nice noodles and veggies, but the beef skewers were just mystery meat, not looking anything like teriyaki, the chicken was a bit better.The shrimp tempura looked fake since all the pieces were the exact shape and size and the tail seemed to be missing. The veggie tempura was not much better since it was fried in ancient oil and it's all we can taste. Their menu online lists 35 Appetizers and Hot Meals, but in reality is closer to 15-20 ( No shrimp with  garlic butter, no scallop yakitori, soft shell crab or mussels and many others.The whole time we were there, maybe 3-4 tables came and went in under an hour, we wanted to get our money's worth so we stayed. The service was slow with only one chef and one waiter who was just walking nervously and fidgeting all over the place from a lack of clients (Might I suggest trying your food to see the problem)If I was rich, I would have left after a the first bite and gone to Sushi Plus.The funniest part is at the end, we asked for dessert, and we were told we had to get it ourselves, the ice cream is self serve, which we found hilarious and a nice coup-de-grace to the worst sushi I've had in my life. I felt so bad for choosing this place I paid for my friend, he rarely eats out because he's in the army and it was his first sushi in 2 years.AYCE sushi = never a good ideai'll keep this very short:this is the only sushi place where i had to go to the bathroom midway through and i was on a fucking date and the restaurant was dead empty. the food was bad and maybe i tried to run away from the date too.. obviously, with an empty restaurant, can't go by the front door.seriously, this is probably the worst AYCE out thereI had an all-around nightmare experience at this place. When I walked through the door and looked at a menu, it was clear that this was not going to be high-quality sushi, but I was hungry, so I stayed. Little did I know I'd be sick for the next 36 hours afterward. First I ordered the house sake, served hot, and watched the waiter pour a carafe and then heard the beeping and humming of a microwave. I was less than pleased, but let him serve me the sake and did not touch it. Soon I noticed a lot of small flies (like fruit flies) buzzing around the sake. I called over the waiter and asked him if this was a problem at the restaurant, and if they kept their fish refrigerated and fresh, and he assured me they did and that it was the first time he'd noticed flies. The quality of the sushi was abysmal - the rice was crunchy and drenched in vinegar, and the fish was clearly not good quality. After I'd eaten half of my salmon and avocado roll, I picked a piece apart to look at the fish and it was gray around the edges. Disgusted, I asked the waiter to take it away, after which he ushered me to the counter to pay full price for my meal. The next morning, I woke up feeling a little off, and didn't eat breakfast. I ate a light lunch at home, and then became properly sick - upset stomach and high fever. I waited it out and two days later I'm feeling better, but was sick for a good 36 hours.I have been eating at that place for at least 4 years and it used to be good and started to go worse and worse till last week. I have eaten at that place minimum 20 times, but last week it was so bad that I decided not to go anymore if they won't change.The food was very bad, presentation and taste.whatever you eat it tastes old. The maki were so hot and they tasted the same. The service was soo slow and they barely talk or smile.Last time am going thereThe Japanese Student Association at my uni organized a sushi outing that my friends and I thought were a steal. 20$/each for AYCE sushi dinner. What prompted me to write this review is the fact that they are on groupon and I just want to warn everyone that eating at this sushi restaurant is simply not worth it.Odaki St Laurent was my worst AYCE experience ever. The event was SOLD OUT. Even knowing that there would be a full house, the manager only got 2 sushi chefs working the entire night. We got there at 7:30pm until 9:45pm, we only got 1 plate of sushis (20 pieces) amongst four people. We ordered 20 pieces of sashimi and received 0. After that, we were only given the small dishes (seaweed salad, self-served ice cream ps: the matcha ice cream doesn't even taste like matcha?!, takoyaki)Myself and another friend were able to stay later until 11:30. Only after most people had left, were we slowly receiving our sushis. At this point, it was midnight and we had already filled ourselves with the self-serve ice cream since we were so hungry and desperate while waiting for the sushi. The sushi itself was decent. Too bad it took them 3 hours to get some to us. Now, we weren't the only table complaining. If you looked around us, basically no one had any food at all. We were all starving and the 2 chefs + waiters/waitresses were disorganized and frantic since they had to serve ~70 hungry people. Since we had paid in advance for our tickets, it wasn't like we could be refunded. We asked to speak with the manager, and the waiter gave a petty excuse saying the manager couldn't speak English. No problem, we had someone who would speak English, French, Cantonese, Mandarin and Vietnamese in our group. However, he never showed up once.We probably would've been better off (and full on sushi) if we had just contributed $20 each and bought a sushi platter. We would've gotten more sushi that way.Advertised prices are not the same as the options you have + sushi quality was not even good  No complains about the services.Absolutely horrendous service. The waiter had no idea what the hell was going on and they "lost my order."  Do not, I repeat do not go here while in Montreal. Worst restaurant I've ever been at in my 23 years of existence.Avoid at all cost! Bad service, awful food. Probably the worst in Montreal. The waiters are not attentive, and don't inform you if anything you ordered is unavailable. Many items ordered did not arrive at all. The nigiri and maki were overfilled with too much rice and very little fish. Cutting corners?Shitty fking delivery, the portion is shitty small, and when we call to complain they said they will talk to their boss and call as back soon, but when we call 15 min later they told us thy haven't talk to their boss yet and told us to wait for another 5, but we still have to call back in 10 min without a good way to solve the problemAvoid at all costs.Food is bland, over priced and meals don't come with much.

I take that back I couldn't even tolerate the food. I only ate a small portion paid the ticket and left.  Terrible food, but the people were nice.Horrible customer service...::.....:waited at the table for awhile I had to standup to ask for a menu still sitting there and no service...... No restroom for customers what and it's a restaurant...... We use to eat here awhile ago....... And everything was great......Would not recommend this placeI ordered the salmon pangang  curry and fresh shrimp spring rolls. They delivered deep fried spring rolls, I caught the driver before he left and gave him the spring rolls and took my money back to pay when he returned. Well after deqlung with the owner whom I couldn't deal with because all he wanted to do was argue about what I ordered. I ended up just paying for the salmon pangang and no I didn't pay their outrageous delivery charge of $5. I wish I would have jus gave him all the food back and kept all my money because after 2 bites I threw the food away. It was dry and the veggies were hard and the dish in general had no flavor. I don't think it was even salmon, it had a dry fish texture but didn't taste like it at all. Lunch FAIL for sure.The place needs some major renovation or a major cleaning. A little scary in there. Food ok.Ordered a Beef Salad for delivery. It was wilted to shit and inedible. It also took an hour and 1/2 to get delivered. Avoid this place.dont order food for delivery because it took over 2 hrs to deliver my food n they are only 2 miles away from meThis used to be one of my favorite places to go. Lately for the last 6 months or so they have been skipping the crab in the crab fried rice. They gave also been charging 1.75$ for peanut sauce. I after many years of ordering here will never again until they fix these issues. I even went back inside to show there was not a speck of crab and was told its white crab it blends with the eggs. Never again. You really lost a dedicated customer and more when i show the photos! Poor quality , no crab, bad service. I expressed my concern and was turned away via walk in and phone.The pad Thai smelled so bad my friend couldn't eat her meal. I've had good pad Thai but this place makes there food smell like shit. When my friend could not eat her meal they made her pay for it anyway and asked for a tip. No way. The wasted meal we paid for was their tip. Horrible service and the food smelled rotted. Don't come here if you want to try Thai.This place is a perfect example of you get what you pay for. Cheap, bland and low quality ingredients. Save yourself the time and money and go somewhere else.Give it a few tries because I know every place has its off days but always the same blahhh food.I'm so confused right now. I was expecting some bomb Thai food with all these 4 and 5 star reviews, but was sorely disappointed. Ordered for pickup for yesterday's lunch. I got the fried calamari and beef pad see ew. When I arrived, there was a lady right behind the counter, barefoot, feet on the chair.  When she saw me she gave me a nice smile, then continued happily eating her lunch hahaha. The calamari was overcooked, but the batter was somehow not cooked all the way through. It also had an off smell to it, according to my coworkers (and they're used to some weird smells in the break room). The pad see ew was flavorless,  and I found a nice little surprise at the end too - a long curly hair mmmm.Bad service .the lady who picked up the phone. Don't even care about customers. I always ordered from them when I came this town.today was bad experience. I am not going to order any more. Sucks serviceI am so upset right now. I ordered a flat noodle dish, satay, and Thai tea. Ten minutes before the order was scheduled to be delivered, I received a phone call saying the food was here but I was not answering my door.  I have a doorbell and it never rang. I received the order, opened the containers, and found no peanut sauce. So, I called. I was told the sauce was still in the MICROWAVE and it could be delivered 25-40 minutes later. Trying to be patient, I said I would wait. 45 minutes later I again get a call. No one answered the door (not the same driver) so it was left on my doorstep. Immediately I go to the door. Nothing there. Try to call the number back- no response. Call the restaurant. Was told the sauce was delivered. Explained it wasn't. Second delivery person called me back. She argues with me that she left it on my door step. After arguing back and forth, she goes on to describe the apartment as white (no!) with a red door (no!). I then call the restaurant again and, after listening to ambient noise for ten minutes while the phone sat on a counter, I was told they would remake the stay and deliver it AGAIN.What are the odds that no one did something vicious to my food? Ugggghhhh.Horrible, woke up to roaches in my bathroom, they came to clean the roaches up and sprayed some kind of pesticide in there. I went to the front desk thinking id get another room for the rest of my morning. Not the case they said it should air itself out! didn't even get comp'd , I'm posting the pics of the roaches.. Worst way to wake up! Stayed in room 104When I walked into the hotel and they couldn't find my reservation I should have taken that as a sign to find another hotel, however given I am traveling across country with two cats and the Crestwood is "pet friendly" and it's a holiday weekend in Las Vegas then I decided to stick with my reservation.  That was a big mistake...On the plus side and the reason for one star vice zero (besides the fact you can't actually give zero stars):  The front desk staff was very friendly as were the maintenance staff that had to be called once going into our room and finding out the toilet doesn't flush properly.  The toilet eventually flushes, though it needs some prodding and patience.  Now for the negative: The chain's flier says "Always clean and friendly," but methinks not.  The hallways smell of old cigarettes, the toilet was dirty (perhaps because it doesn't flush properly) and the room actually has cockroaches.  I realize cockroaches are everywhere, but really?  They are charging me a $50 pet cleaning fee for one night.  I feel like they should pay me a fee to watch their cockroaches.  We did check for bedbugs and see no obvious signs.  Hopefully in the morning there will be no marks they are actually here given we've made it across country through multiple budget hotels without picking any up.You do get what you pay for, so I made the mistake of paying for this roach infested motel.  Please don't make the same mistake.Trouble. The front desk is a bit immature and poorly trained. They checked me in and forgot to assign me a room and give me a key. There is always some kids running around in the lobby such that I think they  live there. There were also some kind of family fights going on which I assumed included employees.Roaches.The room was somewhat clean but I wondered about the kitchen cleanliness and just stayed away from it.The biggest problem was the Wi-fi. It just didn't work properly. They tell you to call a company in South Lake Tahoe and after repeated attempts to log on they told me it was my computer. They lied. I went throughout the hotel and found numerous dead zones and after talking to a number of others having problems concluded that if you have business to conduct on the internet stay away from this place.I would have appreciated if they had vacuumed the hallways when I was there they were filthy.This place is less than honest and needs some mature management.Worst hotel ever stayed at.  Don't stay unless you're down in the dumps.  We left early to go home because we couldn't stay any longer at this dump.  Raggedy on all levels.  I'm still itching and hope I didn't bring bed bugs home.  Smelled weed throughout the place and even outside.  Would be zero stars.It's right across the las Vegas premium outlets. The only good thing about checking in here. Went through Expedia and didn't realize I had book only one bed. I tried to upgrade but the front desk are unhelpful. Not even a single try. It's a no regardless. THE WORST HOTEL SERVICE THAT I'VE COME ACROSS IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE!! Never will I check in here again.fThis place sucks nuts the maid only comes once a week , the keys never work to get into your room, you have to walk down to the front desk every time you need toilet paper and towels , it's primarily African American hookers staying here!Sucks! We researched in advance for a pet friendly hotel. We have 2 cats. After a 5 hour drive we pull in wi th our 2 cats, they deny our reservation and say they allow 1 animals. They dont refund our money and charge a cancellation penalty. Worthless! I would not come back here if they paid me to stay.And after speaking with Expedia who booked our reservation, they said per contract with Creations that there is a $20 per pet fee which we paid. Bill at the desk was obstinate,  belligerent,  rude, and was uncooperative in resolving this. We travel a lot for pet expos, cat shows with TICA and CFA and I will make it well known the inconvenience we endured here. I only wish I could blast Bills photo here to show his rude face.Lobby area smells like someone was smoking marijuana as we entered to check-in. The night clerk was nowhere to be seen. Waited several minutes until he returned to his post.  The room was not cleaned well. Hair in bathtub, dirty sink, cheap mattress and linen, no blankets.  Thin walls so you heard everything.Not a very good hotel I would not stay here or suggest people to stay here.Never in my life have I ever dealt with such a rude manager Alonso is the manager for this place and is actually the worst person I've ever dealt with in my life he is the reason we are not staying here anymore at the Siegel suites select and is definitely the reason we are leaving this horrible review he literally could not accommodate us in anyway shape or form and was very very rudeBrowsed around for easily 30 minutes in this tiny store and wasn't offered help once!There were 5 sales associates, and me. No help.Another customer walked in with her daughter and they were quick to say hello, offer help, and start a fitting room. WTH!Too bad, because I was in the market for a new suit.Everything but water AND good customer service. nuff' said.I haven't actually gone on my Helicopter tour of Grand Canyon... the gripe I have is with all the extra charges added to the "special" advertised price on their website...there is addtl $45 per person "service charge" after paying for my tour( $659.00) on the 10th I recvd confirmation on the 13th ...now I geuss it's too late for a full refund. I called a number listed and was told it wasn't the actual Helicopter Co charging the "service charge" then called the tour company and was told it was the Helicopter comanpies fee...  so  my trip is is now $749.00 without tip!want in there to ask the pharmacist what eye drop I can take for for eye irritation. The pharmacist without even look in at me, say to me he don't see anything wrong with it. I ask him again, I feel irritation, little pain, and what I can use to feel better. Again, he told me "I don't see anything wrong with it"

Delivery on old Steele creek anymore I think this terrible they must have a new manager this is terribleTerrible first experience with Jet's. Took over an hour for one medium takeout after being quoted 20-25 minutes with no apologies whatsoever. Very disappointingUsed to love this place, I received delivery from them for years. Tried to place a typical order online recently and they suddenly don't deliver to my neighborhood (Grier Heights). It's in a "blackout area" and they deny they ever delivered in the first place. Just forget the hundreds of dollars of business I've given them over the years. Racist assholes.Sometimes being out on an empty tummy leads me to making really desperate decisions. I was starving and passed this Bojangles and thought, "Hmm, never tried one before and I hear that is one of the staple eateries here in Charlotte." So I went through the drive-thru hoping for the best since I've heard pretty good things about the chain...and left looking through the bag and being disappointed.I haven't been to what I consider fast food place in a really long time, so I was hoping for a welcome-back experience. Well, my order was missing the veggie combo, but they quickly corrected that. The veggie combo consists of 3 or 4 2oz containers of your choice of their sides (e.g., mac 'n cheese, cole slaw). BLAH. I was really craving chicken fingers so I ordered some of those as well. BLAH. They were dried out from maybe too much frying. They are in a good location across from SouthPark Mall. The drive-thru is a bit hidden in the back, but is easy to get to. In the future, when I am desperate again and craving fast food chicken fingers, I need to find a Dairy Queen. Bojangles, unfortunately, you don't make the cut.Waited 15 minutes in the drive thru. I will not be back again.Let me start by saying I love Bojangles biscuits and chicken. This location of Bojangles is apparently privately owned or somehow not managed by Bojangles. This Bojangles is awful. I stopped by to pick up a sandwich for my brother last week. The chicken appeared to have been cooked days ago. I asked for a packet of mustard and was told it would be .15 cents. REALLY?I live close to this Bojangles but I will never go there again. Don't judge Bojangles by this location!Employees at this location are very rude I had a young lady by the name Alexis making fun of me in front of my face yesterday afternoon I'll never go back againI love Bojangles, but this location does not treat it's customers very well.  They refused to accept a coupon because they were not a "participating location". There wasn't anything on the coupon to indicate it was restricted.  There was no manager at the site to talk to about the situation.  Not a good decision to create bad customer relations to save 99 cents.Bojangles chicken & tea are great but not at this location. Tea is old & staff is a hit or miss. I hope they improve or I learn Spanish as they get orders wrong all the time.Overall the food was OK, but each dish was slightly off in one way or another from what I would consider good Korean food. For example, the spicy pork seemed extremely sweet (a weird quality to exaggerate IMO) and lacked any noticeable spiciness (but I'm less susceptible to heat and others at my table could taste the spice).The price was extremely high given the quantity/quality of food.The service was mostly acceptable but we did have several issues toward the end of our dinner. It took a LONG time to get our check (we had to actually go to the front and ask) and they wouldn't let us split the bill with more than two credit cards (I guess it says this on the menu, but I think this policy is incredibly silly).1st off the staff was allowing my group to be seated. Even when there were tables available.

No reply to emails.

Die Karte ist sehr umfangreich und das Essen wirklich gut. Im Sommer sitzt man sehr schön draussen und kann wirklich tolle Abende haben.

*bland food

My week long trip an hour ago if you had correct signage.McCarran was not prepared for the post NASCAR race, Rugby Sevens, college basketball tournament and normal gambling crowd yesterday.It took more than an hour to get through the security line walking back and forth through the maze of ropes.  Three lines for well over two thousand people isn't enough.There were TSA agents (10+) milling around while at least two people required medical attention due to passing out. The only reason they got one star is I couldn't give them zero.  Act like you've been here before and be prepared when you KNOW there will be large crowds.How can an airport be so depressing?  Do yourself a favor and NEVER LOOK DOWN.  The carpets are filthy and the restrooms are worse.  It's a long airport and hard to find places.  The restaurants there have the same dank depressing feel.  I was so glad to get on my flight and get home.p.s. TSA is a nightmare and I was in like for well over 30 minutes with only about 5 people ahead of me.Crappy TSA!  I fly a LOT! And the security is pure garbage!  No idea how to run security disorganized bumbling dumb assesThe airport is good. But Nathan's fast food is the worst.  Has a nasty flavor and the service horrible they take the longest time. And to top it the picture on the menu is nothing like the crapy dinky food they serve.  THEY NEED TO GET KICKED OUT OF THIS AIRPORT BECAUSE OF FOOD LIKE THIS IT LOWERS THEIR PRESTIGIOUS.I'm so disappointed to find out McCarran has not added a Mother's Lounge for breastfeeding & pumping mothers.    They have a SMOKING lounge but nothing for us moms!!!   I was told by guest services to use the companions bathroom or pay $50 to use one of the private lounge areas.The airport is full of travelers- and most services are closed- with flights scheduled to depart in an hour or more. Customer service? Non existent. Even though the concessions offering isn't on par with other major cities or a city like Vegas - they could still be open. Terrible.As mentioned in other reviews, the Vegas airport is my idea of hell. Glaring lights, blaring music, slovenly, unkept, overweight people with glazed eyes, it's horrid and always seems to be packed.  Oh and not to mention it stinks of smoke. Overall it's just disgusting. Note to self: avoid if at all possible. My personal goal would be to never return.I have been to many airports in the world but this airport has been the worst ever. I will never use them again! The people at inspection were rude yelling at people. The rude piece of shit workers at Starbucks were discussing! I've been here 2 hours and not one fricken employee has smiled nor said hello. Worst airport everWorst airport I've ever been in. 2 TSA lanes open. 3 hours for security check. Slow agents with horrible attitudes. Never will I fly in or out of LV again. I'd ride a unicycle home before using this airport again.Have to complain about food and drinks. For a city that is open 24/7- not true with the airport. Disappointed that the only place to eat at 11pm was Burger King and drinks shut down at 11....very surprising and made the trip east not as enjoyable with the belly gurgling  for 5 hrsAirport construction ruins your morning. Left our hotel at 5am for 6:45 am flight. Got to the gate at 6:40, so now we're on the 7:45 with crappy seat assignments. We had A30s on our flight. Rental car shuttle takes 10 to 15 minutes. Be prepared to walk at least 1 mile to get thru security and Southwest gates. Not worth flying from CA.I flew out of McCarran several times. The Starbucks is overpriced and the drinks were watered down. The staff attempted to charge me extra for adding a splash of Apple juice to the Passion ice tea. I say stop in the one on flamingo, save yourself the disappointment.I had a flight from Vegas to Minneapolis and before my flight I scheduled wheelchair service because I broke both of my feet 3 weeks ago. I asked the person pushing me if I could stop and get a bite to eat. He took me to chili's and said someone would pick me from there before my plane started boarding. Once my flight was getting ready to board I realized no one was coming to help me. I had to walk on two broken feet to my gate! I was struggling to walk and almost missed my flight.Hot, smelly. I couldn't believe that I was at one of the most visited tourist spot airport. Badly managed, cranky attendants, hallways smelling food with no proper ventilation and exhaust, hot inside with no proper air conditioning. B grade airport and have seen way better than this one.I work here. As an employee I get the repercussion from all passengers and guest. Too many to mention!!!!!So flight 472 out of Vegas to Shreveport is on a hold pattern because they have a flight attend that is over their hrs. Had to have known that. . ..unorganized airline and a couple of months ago we were on hold because they didn't schedule a pilot.....what's up with that!For my first time at this airport, it left an AWFUL impression. For starters, we got there at 7AM in our very large RV. My parents were dropping myself and my brothers off near bus parking since we could not go through regular traffic drop off. We had unloaded our bags already and were starting to say our goodbyes when a lady came over to tell us we couldn't park there. We told her we didn't know we were just saying goodbye and then we'd leave. She said okay and walked away. Then 3 guys came up and started yelling and cussing at us right away saying we needed to f*cking move and get out of the way. We tried to tell them that we already knew and that we were just saying goodbye but the guys just got right up in our faces still yelling at us and threatened to give us a ticket. They all ganged up on my one brother and were ready to start fighting him. They weren't even airport security and all 3 of these 40 + year old guys start ganging up on my 20 year old brother. How pathetic is that??We finally got away and went to check in our bags at American Airlines. My brothers and I were upset already because it was early in the morning and we didn't get to say goodbye to our family because of that incident. My brother and I were already checked into our flight but my other brother still needed to so we waited in line with him while he used the check in machine. We finally got to the front of line to check in our bags and the lady at the front said she couldn't check in one of the bags because it didn't have a bag tag. We told her that my brother had checked in the night before and we only needed the bag tag. She said she was unable to help us and we needed to get back in line and check in again.So we got back in line and my brother checked in again and tried to pay for the bag. It printed out a receipt saying to see a cashier. We then got back in line and got to the front again and showed her the receipt. Once again she said she could not help and said for us to get back in line. We asked her what the problem was (ie. did he not accept his credit card or what) and she said "I don't know get back in line"Once again we got back in line and then another attendant came over to help. He started checking in my brother again and I asked him if it mattered what checked in ticket he use since he's been checked in 3 times. He told me to choose whatever one I felt like using. We then got the bag tag and were in line to check in his bag. The attendant then told us to get out of line so we could be put in another. At this point we were all very frustrated and asked him why he was moving us out of line. He said it was so we could be in a faster line(which it wasn't at all)I asked him for his manager or a corporate number because I wasn't pleased at all with how we were being treated. He left and came back 2 minutes later saying his manager was in baggage claim and that they did not having a company number and he told me to go to their website. I had already done that and told him it only gave me an email and I wanted a direct line. He chose to ignore my request. My brother tried explaining his frustration and was asking for help because we hadn't got any and that we needed to catch our flight. The attendant gave a lot of attitude and asked when our flight was. I told him we leave at 9:30am. He gave me a smirk and with attitude said "It's only 7:50am, you're not in a hurry"

Free advice to management: Replace those seat for Real recliners.  This is an investment that will help your business and our experience.I had the worst customer experience at a theatre or restaurant ever at this Studio Movie Grill.  The servers and manager were very rude.  NEVER GO HERE!!!  After getting charged $7 for soda I requested the manager kindly take 1 soda off my charge because that is an outrageous price for two sodas.  He refused.  I said I have been to Studio Movie Grill 25-30 times and was aghast at the ridiculous price of their soda and would be very happy if he helped me out.  I said if he didn't help me out I would never go to them again.  Still refused. Let's see $45 a date twice a month for over a year....that's $1080 they are losing just over a year instead of comping me $3.50 for a soda I would have never ordered if I knew that's how much it was.  Soda costs them like 15 cents and they decided to be rude to me and not want my business ever again.  Request granted.  Guess I will be going to the Esplanade, it is a much better experience.Whats up with the office roll around chairs? No head rest, uncomfortable, feels like im working and not watching a movie. Could not relax the whole time.Not such a great experience last night. Main problem is that our food order never came. We ordered from the section of the menu that had two entrees and an app. The popcorn and one of the two sodas came, but that was it. When we brought it up, the server said that he'd take it off the bill. No apologies or anything else to smooth us over.  I kind of thought that there would be no bill, but they charged for one soda.This is the third time that I've experienced a technical problem there. This time, the center channel woofer buzzed. Same as several months ago when we saw  another movie. A couple of months before that, it was yet again the same problem in another theater.Finally, the bathrooms are horrible. The men's restroom in the lobby had smelled like piss every time I've been.We're not sure whether we're coming back.Food is way overpriced and terrible.We've tried the food at this establishment 3 times. No more chances for you SMG

Le staff d'accueil est beaucoup trop friendly : on est des clients pas ses amis du secondaire.

My burger was fine, though I always wish they warmed the bun. The fries were lousy. I wanted to take them back and ask for fries that were hotter and cooked longer, but I didn't think they could handle it, given their track record for the evening. But by this point we were just laughing at how wrong everything had gone. During our meal, we could hear the shift manager, who was bagging orders, yelling at the staff. From our perspective, it looked like the shift manager was the one screwing everything up. We observed other people's orders getting messed up too. It was crazy! I don't think I've ever had a meal anywhere that was that screwed up. Get your act together, Carl's Jr.One of the worst dining experiences I have had in a long time.Went in on 9/11/15 with my husband and daughter around 12:30. There was no wait and we placed our order right away. Having said that, it seemed to take a while to get our food.They brought us our order, which they rang up incorrectly, causing us to have to place another order for more food and pay separately. The burgers and fries were cold (onion rings were hot, the only redeeming part of the meal) but we were in a rush and didn't want to complain and have our meal take even longer. The other food we ordered came out, all of which was stone cold. We did say something about this, and the manager had an attitude like, "No way those burgers were cold". We were expecting hot burgers to come out pretty quickly. Man were we wrong. We watched at least 3 other orders be filled while we waited. In my day, a customer complaint got taken care of right away, not shoved to the back of the line. Maybe their microwave was on the fritz???Warm food finally came out, and we ate it fast because we were late to an appointment by this time.Carl's Jr receipts conspicuously lack a customer service survey or phone number. I guess they don't care about the customer experience???Summary: Skip the headache and go for Five Guys. The manager sets the tone for the crew and the experience. This manager did not care about her customers or food quality. You may spend a little more at Five Guys but their burgers are hot, fresh and made to order. (I don't work for them but I do enjoy Five Guys burgers).Do yourself a favor and do not come to this Carl's Jr. After waiting a full 15 minutes for my order I get home only to realize that they did not give me my fries they added tomato when I requested no tomato and the meat is cold. Oh and my little sister would like for me to add that they didn't give cherries in our milkshakes! I can't believe I skipped on in and out to come get some Carl's Jr.On Friday, I had a desire for a juicy hamburger, what happen Carl's are you more worried about how quickly you can throw me out the door.   In the past I have never had a bad burger from this Carls. normally they are made fresh to order, but you could tell the burger was not fresh this time it was dry and rubbery,   I did find out the lady manager that was there for many years was gone.    I will tell you Carl I would rather wait, for a fresh cook burger, rather then a steam table slap together one.   I will have to think twice on coming back again.   this experience puts you back with all the other burger chain resturants.One star...yeah, that's pretty harsh. However, here's why it was warranted:I was in this Famous Footwear on a Sunday at 5:30 looking to buy a pair of shoes for work. I work as a manager in a warehouse, so a good pair of shoes is vital. I was looking to buy a pretty expensive pair of walking shoes (somewhere in the range of $80-100, more if it was warranted), and I made this very clearly known by trying on multiple pairs of shoes in the store.At 6 PM (30 minutes after I initially entered the store), an associate comes up to me and asks if I'm doing okay. I was relieved because I wanted an opinion and I had been waiting on someone to check up on me. I asked him which he would recommend, and he very, *very* quickly ran down two or three brands without any justification as to why. At that time, another associate very conspicuously began turning off display lights. "Are you closing?" I asked. The guy answered "We're closed." Not "Yeah, but I'm happy to help you find a good pair of shoes". It was extremely obvious that they wanted me out of the store. They had to unlock the door to let me out. It was *exactly* 6:00 PM. As a former manager of a Best Buy store, that makes me cringe; we would NEVER do such a thing. A customer that chose to come into our store and chose to buy from us was cherished like treasure.So, I left. I went ahead and shopped online (on the website of the company I work for which sells everything "from A to Z") and found an amazing pair of shoes. In fact, it was the same pair that Famous Footwear had, but for way less. I want to emphasize that I had every intention of purchasing a pair of shoes in that store as I was in dire need. However, given that they didn't feel the need to assist me and wanted me out of the store because they were closing (at 6 PM? What is this, the thirties?), I decided I could wait a couple of days and have them shipped. Sorry you didn't want my business, Famous Footwear.Horrific place to live! Read all reviews and call Gilbert PD before moving in. They will tell you how horrible this place is, so don't take my word for it. We moved out after our year was up and the charges us for a lease break. The nice reviews are paid for I'm sure. Please don't move in here with children. Very scary!!This place is really horrible; the manager has no business working with people. she is a spiteful person, racist person. Will only cater to her friends that live in the complex. The apartments are very dated and cheaply made. You would think they could at least update to this century.  Lot of bugs, scorpions and one of the apartments had bedbug which as soon as the people left they re-rented it to another renter without warning them.

My BF asked one of the servers if they had hot sauce and she snapped "You have to get it yourself!You didn't see it next the water?" Please train your servers and managers in customer service!!FOOD:

Beware.This deserves no stars.  The dance floor was ridiculously small because they rope off the VIP tables and leave you no room.  The bouncers or whatever you call them are rude and do nothing to help you if you have a problem with someone.  By the end of the night my boyfriend was playing like a running block so people wouldn't push into me just to get to the bar.  Do NOT pay for the front of the line tickets.  After an hour or so there is no line to get in.  The only good thing I can say is that the music was decent.  It's a shame this club sucks, we would have been dancing all night if we had any room to do it.This was my worst experience in las vegas. I would not recommend this place, there are too many other clubs that aren't discriminatory towards their patrons in LV.My girlfriend and i were approached by a guy in the lobby offering us free VIP entry into the club. We were going to the LUXOR for a nice steak dinner and to enjoy one of the shows. We told the guy that our show did not get out until midnite and her said that he would hold our names until 1am.after a good dinner and great show, we approached the entrance to LAX. The customer service was non-existant. The people working at the door dont even acknowledge people trying to get. after being ignored by the blond lady with the notepad, we finally got another guy to check for our names on the list.We got past the first set of ropes and the bouncer refused to let my girlfriend in the club despite her having a valid Illinois license and her military id. They passed her ids along without even acknowledging out questions or explaining their actions. They could not give us a valid reason for not accepting the id, even when we contacted the hotel manager who verified her valid id.Hotel security had her sign her name to verify her signature for no apparent reason before turning us away. What a bunch of idiots. The hotel manager was the only voice of reason and she even contacted the manager at the club Mark Han who couldn't explain it either but still would not let us in. Ridiculous!We have gone to many other places on the strip and have never had any issues and are ofter approached while visiting hotels by hotel personnel soliciting us to come to their clubs so this was unbelievable.My only guess is this place descriminates against me as a minority or military personnel or who knows what. They told the hotel manager that they didnt want our business. They ruined a great night for us and I would recommend going to many of the other clubs that appreciate your business. LAX gets a fail. This place SUX.STAY AWAY!!!!There is a reason this place barely hits 2 1\2 stars with over 350 reviews...LAX is one of the worst nightclubs in Vegas...and most of us on Yelp agree! I've been a total of 4 times, the first was by choice and the other 3 were because the club was part of a party bus package or a friend chose to celebrate there (despite my warning). I will be the first one to admit that a night is only as fun as you make it out to be and at times it doesn't even matter where you are as long as you're in good company.Reasons I dislike LAX:Security: They are a-holes...shocker, right? Ok, so it's Vegas...I get it, most doormen have attitude, however, I have partied at most of the clubs in Vegas and have an encountered some decent security staff. LAX is not one of them. They give stupid sobriety tests like, "On a scale of 1-10 how drunk are you?" or "Who is our President?" (If you fail that, I really just think it's stupidity not drunkeness). So, I witnessed them let in dozens of people who "passed" the test but my friend was turned away because she TRIPPED on their carpet with her STILETTO heel? She didn't even get a chance to take a test =/ Get the f*ck outta here! She was more coherent than I was and I stood there talking to head of security for 20 minutes. I could go on about this but let's move on...Venue: SMALL dance space. It's a club...I would like to dance :) The way the place is set up is ridiculous. This is why fights break out, because there is no room to breath much less dance. All security does is yell at people who are trying to walk through because they stepped an inch passed the velvet ropes to try and get out. FAIL!Music: Top 40, hip hop...same as most trendy clubs.PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE go to another club, trust me! It's not personal, I never liked this club from the first time I went solely on the fact that it was not a great place to dance. Now, I just have more reasons. JET, RAIN, TRYST...to name a few, are a much better choice :)I have always hated this club, from way back when it first opened and was "hot."  I've been here several times because it's been a stop on my party bus route, and each time I remember how much I dislike this place.The set up is awful.  There are vip tables everywhere, upstairs and downstairs.  They sacrificed a spacious dancefloor for vip tables. So that means the dancefloor is small. And from what I remember, the bars are only on either end of the dancefloor, which means you have to fight your way through the crowd one way or another to get a damn drink. Stupid.  There is a roped off vip section which we managed to charm our way in to one time. Eh, it was empty, which made it easy to get a drink, but there was no action going on in there.Finally, this past time, the bouncers wouldn't let my friend in because she was too "intoxicated." We were on a party bus and should have been walked right in, but it was the last stop so the hostess took off. Really my friend just stumbled in her 6 inch stillettos, but whatever, I didn't really care to party there anyways.  Much would have rather stayed at the Cathouse, also in the Luxor.  They were playing banging music and everyone was having fun there.We came to LAX on 1/21/12 for a girl's weekend and got table service. This was the worst table service I have ever encountered. The waitress was never around so we could not order anything and the bouncers are bullies to the people getting table service. This was our first club of the night and we had not even started drinking at the table but one of the people in our group was escorted out because she was "swaying". We tried to explain that her feet hurt and she was shifting in shoes because we had been waiting for over 30 minutes for our table to be setup, but management was rude and refused to let her back in or give us a refund so the entire group could leave. We come to Vegas 5-6 times a year and regularly get table service at the main casino nightclubs. Do not waste your time going to LAX, but definitely do not get table service if you go there. You will get better service and be treated with more respect if you go to a kiosk bar in any other casino.Friends and I made a trip to Las Vegas for a friends' 30th birthday during this past weekend, February 16th - 19th. We rented a suite in the West Tower at The Luxor for the weekend and on Saturday evening we reserved a table at this club, LAX. One of their representatives approached us as we were dining at the café downstairs offering us a deal for a table that night and it was a two-for-one bottle deal, which we took advantage of. The deal was that we would get a bottle for free, however we would still be obligated to pay the service and tax on the second bottle, which we happily agreed to. Since there were 13 of us all together, 7 girls, 6 guys, the total bill came out to about $760.03. Our waitress's name was Christina. When we arrived, we were kindly helped and checked at the door and escorted to our table. We were seated for about 15-20 minutes before our set-up was completed. Christina had brought over the tab and went over it all with my friend. He decided to upgrade our bottles to Hennessey and Grey Goose for an additional $110.00 fee. Another 10 - 15 minutes later, Christina finally brought our bottles to the table. When she began pouring drinks, she started with the Hennessey. She peeled off the wrapper and poured drinks. However, when she brought the Grey Goose bottle (which most of us were drinking) the bottle came to the table WITHOUT the wrapper on it. All she had to do was uncork the bottle. I was a bartender for two years and I know what the bottle looks like packaged out of the box. There is a blue wrapper that needs to be peeled off before the cork is removable. There was no wrapper when she brought it to the table. After the server had poured the first round of shots, I began serving the drinks, as there were so many people with us. We finished the bottle of Grey Goose within the first hour we were there and no one had gotten drunk. The vodka was heavily diluted and every one of us that drank it noticed it after not having felt any effects of the liquor, whatsoever. I do not recommend coming to this club, as the other people posting are also right about the table situation... the whole top floor was EMPTY, no one was up there. But all the small booths on the bottom were over crowded and almost all filled. With the price you pay, you'd expect to be put upstairs in a bigger more spacious table. IMO, of course. Oh, and the 1 star was because they kept our supply of pineapple juice unlimited.The music was good. The star wars show was pretty cool...(a show they put on when they bring ya  your bottle). besides that this place is to small.. I've been to better Night clubs here in central california......For being a club in Vegas this place sucks...Well I guess I remember where I was at on my 30th birthday....I was not impressed. The cover was $30 for ladies and $40 for guys. Seriously? I don't have a problem paying cover, but $30 is excessive. I ended up just heading over to a lounge that was also located in the Luxor instead.No. Just... no.I usually write very thorough and detailed reviews on yelp, and yet... I can't even bring myself to write an actual review for this club.Please spend your time in Vegas somewhere else. Las Vegas is all about novelty. LAX is one of the older nightclubs inside one of the older casinos (The Luxor). You can find better music and better people at the newer clubs inside the newer hotels.The worst experience I have ever had was going to LAX... Would not recommend it to any young pretty females. The male security came into the womens restroom banged on the stall door my cousin was in while she was going pee he did not identify himself and tried to escort my cousin down a deserted hallway by herself. Good thing me and my other family was there. who knows what might have happened to her if we weren't. Mind u we had just arrived there and hadn't even made it to the dance floor. They should not be in business at all if that's how they conduct business.I think we went on a bad night.  I've been to LAX once before, granted it was a couple years ago, and it wasn't a bad experience...but this last time...YIKES!!  I don't think I've seen so many guys in one, small, crowded space in my life!  Two seconds in, I understood why there were no girls...these dudes were SCARY desperate.  It seriously looked like the zombie apocalypse and each girl was the next meal...these poor girls were swarmed by these crazies!  I was there with my hubby, his friend and a few nice girls we met at Cathouse earlier that night.  I genuinely felt scared for our new friends...lol.  I went into Momma Bear Mode.Needless to say, we didn't last very long in there.  I might've stayed longer if it wasn't so late... and if I had a taser.Other things to note:

Mon-Thu, Sun 11 am - 12 am

We had a bottle service table w a large group .. The middle of the night they cleaned our table and moved us out of no where. Once they moved us the bouncers were hawking us and harassing all the guys in our group telling them "they were dancing too sexy" they kicked out one guest in our party for those allegations of "dancing too sexy" which is weird considering we too had 3 bottles and even upgraded the vodka.  We asked the head of security to reconsider letting him back in. He was a cocky, unprofessional idiot he said his name was Wayne. He could not provide a business card or email and would not provide his last name.  What kind of sketchy place are they running.  All I know is we left that place, we too paid close to 3K and they were RUDE to all of us!  The club we went to next Dria's was classy and professional not to mention spacious. Oh and the manager had a business card. Just say no to 1 OAK they will ruin your night and take your money.Bunch of liars, they say anything to get you in line. Once you get to the front they charge you 20 more than what they promised including girls.  Ended up having to pay 30 dollars a person, and only 3 out of the 5 drink tickets promised. music was good but the club was small, and barely anybody on the dance floor. Did not enjoy it.Good music.... BUT.... VIP is racist as hell.... All I know is me and my black friend (with a large group of white people) felt alienated... as opposed to our white friends.... BOOOOOOOO!!!!We went here this past Saturday night Feb 21 for my good friends 30th Birthday. It was 13 of us, and through a friend who knew the GM, we got a VIP table/bottle service with a Buy 2 Get 1 deal. We got there about 15 min after it opened (10:45PM), and were taken to the table.Our waitress came up and explained to me that our comped bottle was Absolute, but we could pay for an upgrade if we wanted. I told her Absolute was fine for the comped bottle, and then to add another Absolute and a Jack. A few minutes after she left, another guy who was helping with our table brought our bottles over. I asked him if I could add 3 beers for a friend of ours who isn't a huge liquor person. He told me I needed to order that from our waitress. She did not come back to our table for almost 40 minutes! I literally had a table with bottle service and had to wait 40 minutes to order some beers! Really??At the end of the night when they brought us the bill, which with tax & grat should have been around $1,200 was $1800! I asked why this was, and I knew we added 3 beers and 3 or 4 Red Bulls so I knew the price would go up, but $600?! The waitress then claims that she never told me the comped bottle was absolute and that it was actually Sky, so in fact I decided to "upgrade". Total BS, I never would have randomly chosen Absolute if I was going to upgrade. My husband and I both kept trying to explain this to her and some other people they sent over to talk to us but no one believed us and we just had to pay it.We were extremely upset about this. I come to Vegas about 3-4 times a year and always get bottle service at least once every trip, and this is by far the worst service I have ever received. I will not be recommending this place ever again. Other than the bad service, music was okay, and the club in general was just okay. I have definitely seen much nicer clubs in Vegas (actually even some in San Diego).I have been to 1 oak on one other occasion in September, which it was pretty good. They played good music. But this time i went on Tuesday March 3,2015 it was the worse experience i have ever had at a club in Vegas. I expect this from any club in Cali but not Vegas. So i went there for my cousins bday, it was just me her and my boyfriend and the bartender was beyond rude. I understand she was very busy and overwhelmed but you absolutely do not treat customers that way. I had free drink tickets which expired at 12 and it was about 5mins til. So of course every girl in there was at the bar trying to get a free drink. I stood there for way too long while both pregnant bartenders over looked me and my cousin to help other people. It was extremely rude. So finally when one came to help she gave me a drink but insisted that she couldn't give my cousin a drink because she was passing (which she was not). Then she tells me im passing my drink but it was right in front of me.  So after we exchanged words she calls me a BITCH and turns her back. I was overly upset. I would never be allowed to call a customer that at work and get away with it. She deserved my drink in her face. Even though she called me a BITCH i got kicked out smh I DO NOT PLAN ON COMING BACK TO THIS PLACE AGAIN. IT WAS THE WORSE EXPERIENCE.Although the security was nice i should not have been kicked out because i was mistreated smh I will NOT be coming back. I am just flabbergasted about the whole situation. If you want to be mistreated by bartenders and have your night ruined then come here. If not i advise you to stay clear of this place.My friends and I went to 1OAK on a Friday night recently for a bachelor party. We were shocked by the unreasonable and disrespectful treatment received by a bouncer. A friend was taking pictures and the bouncer asked to see the photos. After he deemed the pictures inappropriate all the pictures were deleted from the phone and my friend was still escorted out of the club immediately. After attempting to explain to the bouncer that there were no offensive photos and that no advisory given on where pictures could not be taken he responded by threatening to kick more of us out of the club. Even given the fact that we had bottle service did not make a difference. The bouncer also continued to berate and slander our friend. We were forced to leave even though we were paying customers and had service. Even as a last resort I attempted to reason with the manager, Jacob, before leaving where the only response he would give is "I can't comment on that". There was no warning or rational given of why the bouncers at 1OAK needed to ruin our night. It is ridiculous to be paying $1500 for bottle service only to be ejected subjectively. We will not going to 1OAK (NYC or Vegas) and suggest that you stay away and go to XS instead.If I could give this place 0 stars I would. My friends and I decided to try this place out last night. We waited in line for about 25 minutes before we could get in. Once we got in we had to walk around the perimeter just to get to the bar. Waited at the bar for about 15 minutes before we could get a drink. And a small glass of pineapple and vodka is $15 it gets more expensive from there. We Decided to head to the dance floor and we're pushed and shoved by the cocktail waitress ' s  and guys who help serve the areas who have bottle service. Completely rude. Let's just put it like this the dance floor is so small and packed you can't dance and will most likely end up with everyone's drink spilled on you. This club is only good if you have a table because that seems like where all the customer service is going. Your not even allowed to stand on the stairs or near them or even near the vip area. All I wanted to do is dance and have a good time. We ended up leaving after about 20 minutes in there when we had nowhere to dance or stand. They need a better system on how they take bottles to these people's tables because pushing and shoving everyone in there isn't right...yeah I may not have a table but that doesn't mean you shouldn't care about your other customers..we're still dropping money on drinks. I will not be coming back I'll stick with the other clubs.I have NEVER in my life imagined to be treated the way we were by your security team and the head whom refused to give me his card after he man handled my friends and tried to throw ME a girl, out of the club and my table after spending 2K plus numerous bar tabs.I went there for my bday and got a table for my friends and I (8 girls and 3 guys) guys were gay. We dressed to impress. I made sure the guys had on bow ties and nice shoes. Your security team threatened us, lied  to us and I will spread the word to EVERYONE I can, that your club is homophobic and unethical!The club offered to move us to a prime table for free after berating our table, we happily moved and from this point on my friends and I were treated terribly. My friends danced but were constantly being told they couldn't dance on any girls or too close. They allowed huge men to stand above our section smoking weed and saying terrible things to my friends. Security would tap on my friend for dancing to close to anything (because he was gay) They threatened to throw us out for DANCING! People around us had drugs  and were dressed terribly but security continued to berate only us. It was embarrassing and shocking. I turned my back and watched them carry my friend out bc he asked them to stop treating him the way they were.Again I repeat this club is homophobic. In 2015 to get treated like trash bc you have 3 gay men in your group and get charged what we did was an absolute joke and I will write to any and everyone I can about the abuse we received at this establishment.It was ok but because of the security I am giving them 1 star. These people are so rude that  I will never go back because of them.TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!! So many things wrong with this place: A) I was approached by a promoter who said his name was Johnny (later came to find out that wasn't his name and we were lied to) Anyway this guy promised my friends and I (seven girls) would get in for free and two free drinks before midnight.  Gave us some cards for each of us to get in. This turned out not to be the case.....B) Two of my friends went early ahead of us and got in just fine and received their free drinks. They weren't given any tickets. The rest of us got to the actual bar at 11:45pm and wanted to receive what we were promised.  Bartender said we needed drink tickets which wasn't given to us.  I asked before I entered if needed anything to present to the bartender and the guy at the door said no.  The bartender proceeds to tell me verbatim "You have about 15 min to figure it out for yourselves." Well okay....C) Decided to buy a table bc we were celebrating something special. We were moved around the crowded club twice to "find a table". Finally settled. The service was decent. The busser did most of the work than the actual cocktail waitress. D) We asked for water and we were told they only had bottles for $8. So I went to the bar and asked for a glass of water.  He said no he didn't only bottles. I asked you don't have tap water at all? He said no. I ask well what do you wash your dishes with? Bottled water? He says to me rudely, "I don't have time for stupid questions either buy some or get away from here." Wow your customer service is on point....notE) The icing on the cake was I paid for the bill and the total was $608. I checked my account the next day and was charged $1600! I called and asked what this was about. First all the woman was flaky and not knowledgeable. She says, "Oh I think that's just a holding fee but I'm not sure. Let me ask the manager." She goes comes back on the phone and says that's what it is. I ask is that the standard holding fee, $1000? She says, "I don't know I think it changes."  My god I'm done.  Please don't bother asking me to ever come back to this place or the staff "take care of me in the future". No the only thing you can do is refund me of my money which is not going to happen.Okay, so this place has been the worst club I have ever spent my entire 10 minutes of my life.  I walk in, pay the $50 fee to enter this horrible establishment.  I go to the first bar because I want to get a drink before I get to the dance floor. Before I even start to order the bartender says, "Your drunk you gotta go!"  he gets on the radio and calls his manger.  At this point I am appalled because I only had 2 drinks prior and I am totally sober , which is pretty sad because I am in vegas and should be having a great time drinking it up.  So the manager and 3 bouncers come get me.  I talk to the manager and he tells me by talking to me that I don't sound drunk at all but he has to stand by his bartenders word and he is sorry.  Really? So, you're the manger and have the authority and clearly see that I'm not drunk but won't reprimand his bartender and let me back in?? He turns me away and off I go to gamble.  My friends approached me at the table telling me that the bartender did me a service.  They said it was the worst club they have ever been to.  The bartenders were slow and rude and security were jerks by shoving people around "including women" all around the club.  Trust me, do yourself a service. Do not go here for there are many, many better places in vegas then this place. -8 starsWe just came here and when in a line dealt with the rudest employee named Angie. Simply because we could not hear her and asking for direction on where to get in line for a special event. She became rude, condescending, demeaning and threatening to us. She began threatening us that she would gladly kick us out. I explained we simply could not hear her and wanted clarification. She then said began taunting us and acting completely unprofessional.I understand people who consume alcohol and act stupid come here but to treat someone like that is terrible customer service. You should strive to be a good club. It was my friends 21st birthday party and our first time at 1 oak. She ruined the experience, mood and we ended leaving since it put us in a bad mood.FIRE ANGIE! FIRE ANGIE! FIRE ANGIE! Get better employees with better people skills.Horrible club. Music sucked...girls we're puking...staff pretentious. ..for no reason...get over yourselfNever have I ever had such a bad experience at a club in my entire life. I've been to 1oak numerous times and have never had to wait more than 10 minutes (even when Scott Disick was there). Chez (the promoter) had told us that we would be waiting 20 minutes and would get in as we were not on the guest list. Not a problem. We were also told that the cover charge for females was $10 and $20 for males. Two hours later we got to the front of the line and we were told a $50 to a $100 ratio. If this was the case, it would've been greatly appreciated to have been told this TWO HOURS prior.rude employeesNone of them  know what they are doing.

9. The owners were there during our dining experience and it seems like they have no interest in making sure things are running properly and they certainly have no attention to detail.Overall, we were very disappointed and are unlikely to return. This place has a lot of potential but if they don't fix things immediately, they will not be open in a year.Went there for lunch today.  Ordered green ice tea and a trukey brie panini.  Also got a cup for water.  The ice machine was out of ice and the shield around it was covered with caked on food.  Service was fast.  They first brought out a black iced tea, which I told her I did not order.  Then the same waitress came back and asked me if I'd ordered an Americano coffee....no.....finally my iced tea came out.  It was absolutely undrinkable. Nasty, bitter and likely very old supply.

- sales people are douchyserious creep factor because you can switch to a channel on any of the personal tvs on any machine and watch the kids quest area. great if you want to check on your kids, creepy because anyone can look at your children. so the creepy pedophile on the treadmil next to you probably goes to the bathroom to rub one out thinking about all the kids he was watching. ew.dont. sign. up. here.go to 24 hour in summerlin off town center, much betterThis place is nice, but the people working at night are Rude, Especially Vince, He's ALWAYS giving me an attitude problem. This isn't the 1st time I've Encountered his "Mood Swings" Please leave that at home, DO NOT BRING IT TO WORK AND SHOW IT TO CUSTOMERS -_-Never got the special promotion that they  promised to give us at the end of my 2 year contract.During 26 months of membership 2 times charged late fee although money was in account , and my bank said that from their end everything was OK for LVAC to take money for membership. Also, to crowded.WARNING- BE VERY CAREFUL TO WHAT THEY SELL YOU AND WHAT COMMITMENT YOU MAKE!  Especially a warning for parents...They misrepresented to us the Daycare as a clean, sanitary, caring environment which my husband and I require to work out due to different schedules.  We would not have joined would we have known what we would really experience.One of our first experiences a year ago at the Eastern location was the daycare crowded an the staff was overwhelmed.  My husband walked right out with our son- no identification or questions!  Anyone could have taken our child! We immediately told the manager and got really no response or documenting the incident. We never returned to that location.  We then went to Flamingo and the times we have attended one or both of my kids 90% of the time gets sick.  Last date was almost 2 week ago- my son was throwing up 24hrs later and had diarrhea.  I tried to brush this off for some time because I know kids get sick but I no longer justify spending money to be a member when I'm fearful for my children's health and safety and I don't want to go because of it.  My older son overall has fun- but gets ill  and has complained about getting hit or kicked by others (lack of supervision) and he is 3 years.  My youngest that was 6 months when we joined and is now 1 year gets no attention. They throw these babies into a room, swing or play pin and leave them cry- then call you because they are crying.  One time I left juice with my daughter in a sippy cup and they did not remind me/tell me they will only give water so they let her scream. When I came to find out what was wrong 20 minutes later and asked if they gave her a drink they said no- we can't.  Really??  I said if you would have told me when I dropped her off we could have thrown out the juice and put water in it!!!   Many times I see these employees just talking and doing their own thing and not comforting the children.  It's hands off completely. They can also decide to close whenever they want to and put a paper on the door.  I have complained to the manager at the Flamingo location- again no sincere interest in the issue or documentation- just "we don't have anyone else get sick".  They say they spray sanitation every hour and professional clean the floors every night- this is a no shoe zone and my son comes out filthy with black socks when he went in clean with white socks.  It's disgusting.They won't let you cancel for any reason!  I no longer want to bring my children to these locations and can not work out with out a facility I feel safe with.  I was told this is not a valid reason to cancel AND they can take off my daycare (which again NOT LISTENING I can NOT work out without care for my children) and that I can try one of their other facilities (when I already travel 20-30 minutes to the one I'm not happy with!).Read the reviews and complaints and I recommend staying away at all costs!  I'm having to get Legal assistance.  This a a disgusting practice- they don't care and just want your money at all costs- they sell you the world and once you sign it's nothing you thought it would be- particularly for those with younger children.  I take my children's health and safety very seriously and can not/will not put my children knowingly in danger.This place is a rip off! Don't listen to what their rep says when they are trying to sign you up for a membership. I was told I would be able to cancel my membership anytime I want, only realizing that I was stuck with them for 26 months after I signed the contract. I went to their office, wrote numerous letters, emails, nobody has ever bothered to help me.  After wasting my money for 20 months, all of the sudden I got a call from them  because I discontinued my credit card. When I tried again to explain my situation, the rep said she doesn't care that I was told the wrong information, and that nobody ever bothered to contact me when I sought help, she just wants me to pay.  Oh, HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!I currently have a membership at another gym in town, but wanted to find something closer to my new home. My fiancee and I stopped in to LVAC and met with Drew. He toured us around the facility, which seemed pretty nice. Very spacious and lots of equipment to choose from. We went in at 2:30 on a Thursday and there were plenty of machines (cardio and strength training) available. You're probably wondering why I only gave this location one star, right? THE SALES PITCH!!! I told Drew that I was hesitant about signing a 26 month (yes, you read that right... 26 month) contract. He proceed to call me lazy, saying that I didn't want to commit to working out for 26 months. I told him that motivation wasn't the problem-- that I already had a gym membership (without a contract) was simply looking for something closer to my house so I could make my trips to the gym more convenient. He did not want to tell me how much I would have to pay to cancel my membership if I was unhappy. He then said, "I see you're holding a cell phone. Bet you had to sign a contract for that, huh?" I told him that I didn't-- that I was on a family plan that was not in my name so I could cancel at any time. Then he proceeded to ask how much I paid each month for my cell phone bill. Are you serious?! Worst. Salesman. Ever. After I told him that I was uncomfortable answering that question, he excused himself to get his manager. The manager (I can't remember his name) was very polite and explained other options that did not include a 26 month contract. However, at that point, I had already mentally checked out. My fiancee may still end up joining LVAC, but I will keep my membership at my current gym and drive an extra 10 minutes. The extra time in the car is definitely worth the difference in service and attitude.SCAM ALERT!!!! Wow..... I've never been ripped off like this. We had just moved to the area and this was the closest gym, so we took a tour. Seemed like a decent place. The guy that signed us up assured us that the gym never got much busier than it was during our tour (that was our main concern). When we were hesitant to sign up, he said we could cancel anytime as long as we gave a 30 day notice. He completely flat our LIED to us. The gym was always about twice as busy as when we took our tour. We dealt with it for a few months, but after continuously having to wait for machines we decided to cancel and just drive further to another gym. When we tried to cancel, guess what......... nope. They say we have a 24 month contract and they won't cancel it. I explained that the guy that signed us up said all we had to do was give a 30 day notice. She says sorry but still can't cancel it. I asked for the name of the gentleman that signed us up so I could speak with him. Nope, she can't give me that. I asked for a copy of my agreement since I misplaced mine and his name was on it. Nope she can't give me a copy. I asked for a supervisor to call me back....... nope never got a call back. I waited weeks and then started email correspondence. Same answers. No supervisor has ever called me even after emailing them. Their employees lie about the contract terms (obviously to get commission) and the company will not hold them accountable. Those are the facts. They don't even want to simply investigate to see if their employees are lying. As long as they get people to sign up, they don't care. BE WARNED - DISHONEST BUSINESS PRACTICES. Drive further and go to Gold's or 24 Hour fitness. Both are extremely better as far as customer service and they are both much less busy.This place is just too busy. It is impossible to train here unless you come here at 3am. It's located right off of the I-215 on Flamingo.LVAC has a child care center, juice bar, indoor track, women's training room, free weights, machines, studio classes, cardio equipment, and racquetball courts. There is also a good sized locker room.The cardio area is adequate and there are plenty of machines to choose from, but there are too many members here. Peak times 7am to 10am and 4pm to 8pm plan on waiting for a stair climber.The machines are not maintained very well. They usually are repaired once they break and a member reports it to the front desk. It doesn't seem that there is any preventative maintenance going on here.The free weight room is just packed with machines and benches which leaves little room to maneuver through the machines. Also, there are so many people that do not return the weights and dumb bells to the proper racks, which makes it difficult to train here. It is also has too many people in there from 8am to 10pm to train.I miss the Golds Gym on Sahara & Decatur and the Golds on Sandhill. I guess the days of training in a real gym are long gone.Deceitful billing practices.We signed up, paid the pretty high initial package and then never received a bill to renew at $98.00 per year - they claimed that the bill was sent to us and then sent back to them. Funny thing is we've had that address for 12 years. Just recently I got mail from them saying they wanted us back (for more than that $98.00 per year).So they HAD our address all along. When I called to inquire a (very leaning toward the rude side) woman told me we'd have to pay for the big package all over again. They wanted us to pay all over again for the big initial rejoin package.

Chicken tenders and fries. It had a hair in it and instead of being comped or given a new plate I received a $1 off of my bill. One dollar. I paid for a full meal that I didn't eat because there was a hair. Can't believe they wouldn't fix this situation in a more professional manner.I was disgusted by the service at this place. My friend ordered a chicken finger plate and there was a long dark hair cooked into the chicken. We get it, it happens. However, when she showed our waiter he took her plate, and did not bring her a new one. Then he proceeded to give her only 10 percent off her meal (one that she couldn't even eat), which was only $1.25. He claimed there was nothing more he could have done, yet he had worked there for five years. Not only did he refuse to do anything, but he was extremely rude to us and unprofessional. I have never had a worse dining experience and it wasn't even my plate. Do NOT go here.One star because I have to give  a star.  Nothing exceptional and maybe the most overrated franchise in the history of fast food.  Stupid concept for greasy cheap food.  In summary, they should have stayed on the east coast.  Prison food has more charm.I mean besides the hair i pulled out of my burger its good....So it had to be done.  Had to try the food after reading all kinds of positive reviews about Five Guys.  I was not impressed.   The choices of "free" toppings are the same "free" toppings you can get ANYWHERE!  Cheese extra.  Bacon extra.  Also for the price what you get is terrible.   The bun was by far the worst part of the experience as it could not hold up to the greasy burger for more than 2 bites.  The Cajun fries that had gotten such rave reviews, were a lot like licking a salt lick.  Overall, this place is ALL hype.  You can get a better burger at just about any bar or restaurant in Madison.I just walked in this location and walked out once I reached the ordering counter. I was blown away by how LOUD the music was at 12:47pm on 4-4-15. I asked the cashier, "Why is your music so loud?" She responded snide-like, "It's music." I work at a Taphouse (no liquor) and our music is never that loud. Five Guys is a step up from Wendy's... I went across the street to Wendy's and enjoyed good food and a calm environment...where I can actually carry a conversation without having to yell. I'm NEVER going here again until management can be MANAGEMENT rather than just hold the title.Just ordered my burger. Cashier woman was incredibly rude after I tried to crack a joke with nobody in line. She never asked if I wanted a drink or fries. I'm very sorry I interrupted her behind the counter. VERY OVERPRICED JUST FOR A BACON CHEESEBURGER!!!!! Save yourself time and go to Wendy's across the street.Everything here is mediocre.

I already feel myself getting PO'd thinking about him.

Now, I am totally convinced, this place is a NO NO. I even wish I can give this place a -1 star.Wish I could give a negative rating for this business! This is probably our 5th stay here and the last one was 2 years ago. They were tolerable before but this weekend has been the worse one.Rooms/Facility: No elevators. We stayed in a 2BR suite. Requested for a handicap which is to my dismay doesn't have king or queen size beds (twin bed only). There's a coffee maker but no cups. There's a stove but no pan. No microwave. No disposable cups! Hangers provided only when requested. It's very frustrating especially if you're with senior citizens and kids and when you're checking in late because housekeeping service is not avail 24hr and front desk is not very helpful either. We've tried Crestwood, Wyndham and Candlewood Suites before so I do have a point of comparison. Service: 1) we checked in around 10pm and my 82 yr old dad asked where their restroom is. I know for a fact that they do have one because I used it before. The lady (who I regretfully didn't ask the name) bluntly said '"we don't have public restroom." How about that for a welcome greeting? Outright disrespectful! I had to beg and yes I had to. 2) Karen, the revenue manager, is very condescending and unapologetic. She talks to you like you're an idiot and will not extend an apology for their shortcomings. She takes pride for giving mediocre service. She's not the kind of person you want to speak to in the morning to request for supplies.  3) housekeeping is available from 9am-11pm as per Karen. We checked in 10pm on a Friday (holiday weekend) and they denied our request for extra pillows coz the HK is already closed. 2 pillows for a 2-room suite?? We needed to roll our comforter to use as head support. We still gave $tip though. It's not the housekeeping's fault.On the upside: the bed and pillows were comfortable. The facility needs updating especially the handicap shower and chair plus a little fumigation will help too as I've seen 2 cockroaches (No photo sorry).Emerald Suites have just gotten from mediocre to worse. Avoid this business at all cost. You've been WARNED.3/22/2014- The room was ROACH INFESTED and SMELLED of PESTICIDES and/or MOLD.  We checked in at around 3:30PM and then went to the M resort to eat dinner. Then we came back to the room around 6:30 or so to be greeted by a host of COACHROACHES.   We asked for our money back around 7:00PM.  We should have checked out at 3:40PM after the police were called to the hotel for some reason. They were in the lobby with us at check-in.  Then as we were leaving for dinner we saw a shady character whom look like the local drug dealer cruising the parking lot.  At checking in the receptionist had issues with her computer and couldn't produce a receipt for the room.  Then at check out the receptionist said my credit card was not charged for the room because the computer didn't produce a receipt. This was for a one night stay.   THIS WAS NOT TRUE.  The receptionist asked why we were leaving and we told her because there are ROACHES in the room.  She laughed and said so do you want to take one home for a souvenir.  How professional is that!!!  Lesson learned don't ever stay at any hotel or motel ending in the word "Suite".On 3/26/2014  The charge of $100.79 showed up on my credit card statement.  At 1:31 PM I called the day time manager and he said he would look into it and get back to me.  He had to find out who approved my refund?  That didn't happen on this day!!!!On 3/27/2014 at 10:05 AM I called the manager at Emerald Suites to see if he had talked to the girls that worked on Saturday night and he said" No he had not spoken to anyone yet".  He said he would get back to me and that he would call me

service was crap once we brought the fact that our plates were cold to their attention. we were told we should have told her sooner (but no one had come to check in until we were ready to pay)

I would return the food but we didn't get it home till 9:30 and if I take it back in the morning I know they will not refund our money.Lesson learned, seems they changed chefs or owners and now the food is horrible. Bring back the feisty old lady at least then the food was edible!

The first time I ordered a bacon burger with cheese all the free toppings minus the mushrooms, they put mushrooms on.  I sent it back and also asked them to leave off the gross, processed slop that they were trying to pass off as cheese. Also the first burger was a sloppy, soggy mess from the moment I opened the foil that it was wrapped in.

1. Dirty - especially the bathrooms - they might as well be in an old gas station. Unkempt exercise machines, often slimy sweat and body butter.2. Unsafe - I often found equipment that was in an unsafe state of repair and (after reporting it...) nothing was done to fix it by the staff - they were too busy socializing and working hard at doing nothing. Often treadmills, stair climbers and other machines are unbalanced and dangerously rock back-and-forth. Found many machines with loose or missing bolts, broken or bent snap links, worn out handles or pads and  in general states of neglect.3. Excruciatingly difficult to cancel membership - Even though the contract I signed says I can call the 800 number to cancel, when I called the number they said they said I had to go in and cancel. I did just that, only to be told the manager just left (this was 430PM on a weekday) and that I'd have to return when he was working. How convenient for them...Bottom line, this joint and the whole company is run by jerks who don't have the first clue about customer service and deserve not a red cent of your hard-earned money - THEY DO NOTHING TO EARN IT.This place in Henderson NV is a money trap with their locked in contract of 2 years. I would of given it 0 stars but unfortunately that was not an option. The staff has as much personality as sea monkeys and behave like drones. The management must be lifting too many weights and busted a blood vessel because they could care less of your concerns. If you want an environment engulfed with the Real House Wives shallow and vein mentality then plant yourself right in there. I tried working out there but could not stand the attitude. Canceling is not possible as its a stupid two year contract. A year gives a gerson some sort of idea if something works for them but two is just plain torture and I think they know this. Prison is the best way to describe this gym. The majority (not all)  movies they show are violent which is not enjoyable to see 50 people killed before I even had breakfast. There should be laws for getting out of a contract early.  Even a marriage is easier to leave!!If I could give this gym no stars, I would! This gym has gone way down hill since they started the $9.95 a month deal.  When you can actually get a machine, it was left full of sweat from the previous person.  The weight machines smell like BO and the weights are thrown about everywhere. I actually spent time to pick up and arrange the weights on the smith machines, it didnt take much time for it to be right back the way it was before.  There doesnt seem to be any employee watching to see if anybody puts the weights back so a 125 lb women isnt having to put back a leg press full of 45 lb weights.    I would never recommend this gym to anybody and I actually feel like telling people signing up while Im there "not to do it!!!" You will regret it.Back in Jan 2013 I visited the S Stephanie location to inform someone that I would need to freeze/suspend my account temporarily. I was told by a young lady that it would be fine. I left, unaware that I was supposed to have been given documentation. Unfortunately since I never worked for Gold's Gym I don't know their procedures. A month later I received a bill in the mail for them. I called member services and asked for it to be corrected. Since he couldn't help me he transferred me and I ended up leaving a voice mail. No one ever called me back and I forgot about it until I received another bill in the mail. I called member services again and it was the same thing, the initial rep couldn't help me so she transferred me to someone else. I briefly spoke with someone and she said she would look into it and call me back. I never received the call so I called back almost 2 weeks later. This time she was rude about my situation, saying that if I didn't have proof of the encounter (how do you prove a conversation?) that I would just have to pay it. I asked her to forward me to her boss. She didn't but she forward me to another woman, whom I ended up leaving a message. She called back, I explained my situation, she said she would research it and call me back. She never did so I called her back twice and left 2 different voice mails. On the third attempt I got a man's voice mail (it had been changed). I left a message with him anyway, and I still did not receive a call back. I then tried to get the issue resolved through the local level (general manager Christopher Wagner) via email but that proved to be useless as I had to explain myself THREE DIFFERENT TIMES about my situation. After I realized I was "chasing my tail" I submitted a comment on Gold's Gym website and someone from corporate called me. She said she would get with the local location and find out what's going on. Apparently the location is not cooperating with their corporate because I have yet to hear anything back and I have called her back for follow up (she had nothing at that time). When I spoke with Chris today he mentioned that I am 90 days delinquent (which would be $90) yet I, somehow owe them $180. They are also having a third party make threatening phone calls to me, which I ended up having to block because it was THAT BAD! I don't have a problem paying the CORRECT amount I owe, but I refuse to be extorted for additional funds!I said all that to say this: BEWARE. They are VERY eager to get you in the door and signed up without telling you their guidelines and P&Ps, expecting YOU to figure it out on your own. They snatch your hard-earned money quicker than you can actually make it and won't blink twice about it. They are a business that is out only to make money and contrary to what they may tell you in their "spiel" to get your signature THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT YOU AS A PERSON, AS A MEMBER, AND/OR AS A CONSUMER.Do yourself a favor and try another gym like 24 Hour Fitness or Las Vegas Athletic Club. I'm sure either can't be worse than Gold's Gym.NEVER GO TO THIS GYM! THEY KICK PEOPLE OUT!I am a member of Golds Gym Philippines and I have a travel pass that allowed me to work out anywhere that there is a Golds Gym. They lost my international drivers license when I left it with them, as they require the travel pass and a form of identification upon signing in, and then called the police since I was waiting for them to produce it. The manager, Christopher Walker was even refusing to take my call that night as I just want the assurance that my identification would be found, but no, they refused. I even asked them to drop me off at my house since I cant drive without a license, yet they told me to take a cab and just leave my rent a car there. They were rude, especially Walter(who was a total a**hole) the staff there who even told corporate that I was gonna hit him with a chair, hello, he was a 6'3 buffed guy and I was a 5'8 chubby guy. I am asking for them an incident report on what happened and yet they are refusing to incriminate themselve, and to produce the webcam on the day that the incident happened.

It's been two weeks since I posted my review and the company HAS NOT reached out to fix it.Sad Face!!Horrible experience! Will never use this company again. They "misplaced" a hover board and a louis vuitton purse, when I called to report this to them they seemed helpful at first and said they reported it to their claims department,  I even sent them the receipts for the missing items. After almost four months of emails and phone calls to them it turns out they were just jerking us around, they have a whole separate  claims department that I should have been dealing with the entire time and no claim had been filed for our items. For some reason the employee that was "helping" me chose to lie to me for nearly four months. These guys clearly don't value customer service and honesty. If 0 stars were an option I would've chosen it, this has been an entirely disappointing experience and I cannot wait to be done with the ACTUAL claims process so I never have to deal with this company again.Yelp should allow half stars or a zero because ALL-MY-SONS definitely deserves ZERO stars. Where do I start, they're more expensive than their competition and sell you on the fact that your stuff is individually taken care of and will arrive quicker & on time compared to their competition TOTAL BS.   They gave me  a window for pickup and showed up 6 hours later. They do not call you with any update you have to go completely out of your way to find out anything. Had a delivery date for June 8 and I am currently waiting on my stuff at this very moment with a window of noon-1 and its 3:30 haven't heard a word from anybody and have called the pickup office 4 times today. Their customer service is worthless and I deeply regret moving with them.   DO NOT USE THEIR SERVICE. Save yourself a headacheit took 2 men to move from a one bedroom to a two bedroom (2nd floor)  they took over five hours. my son and i were even helping them . then they left a big tv in the one bedroom apt & said it was too heavy and left it there. charged me over $700.00. and this is the same apartment complex. i'll never use them again. i called today to file a complaint. the man on the phone for all my sons said he will look into it and call me back. never did return a call. i feel like i was ripped off having to pay that much for bad service & i even helped to speed it up. talk about milking it to rip you offNot real impressed. When you go here don't be hungry. By the time you get your food, you will be. Once our food came it was cold. I watched 2 women near us waiting for their food as long as we did. They screwed up their order 3 times. On the bright side the tea was good except they over charged us for it. This was my 2nd time here. Doubt there will be a thirdAfter waiting for 30 mins for a table and another 40 for food we left when we were told It would be awhile for our food because the kitchen was so backed up. Many employees talking to customers but apparently none who can cook. None of the tables around us had food. Don't go unless you have a few hours to wait for a couple eggs.After a 30 min wait to b seated and another 30 min till served, long wait for  the worst breakfast I'v ever had.

Chicken and shrimp Skewers are joke to me. Very dry, very small and excessive with sauce.

1. The complementary high speed internet is really not high speed at all, its 3 MBPS, but for $20 dollars a day you can upgrade.2. The in room coffee is gone! Can't find it!3. The pillows were new and felt like left over walls of the old hotel, like bricks, I thought that went with the new earthy feel of Delano!4. And if you're looking for some place to hang your clothes after a long day of travel, surprise there is no closet!5. Towels- I called 3 times to get more towels! Surprise still waiting.6. Bedding- in Vegas, outside the temperature was 107 degrees, so surprise they had used goose down comforters on the beds, let's heat up everything.7. Water in the shower- this is the place you want hot, the water ran for 7 minutes and never got hot, I will give the engineering people credit by the 4th day and I did check out they got the wait time for hot water down to 4 minutes.If you decide you want to bet in Las Vegas, make the best bet you can, and this wouldn't be one of them!  Stay away!ugh...this buffet made me sick.  I was eating my life away just fine.  And then I decided to have the crab legs.  Big mistake.  I walked back to my hotel feeling nauseated.  I spent the rest of my 21st birthday in the bathroom.  Enough said.Here's why it's one star ... BALLY'S CLOSED IT DOWN.Too bad. I used to love this place. What the heck is going on at Bally's?When in Las Vegas, it's implicit that you're going to drop a chunk of change even for a goddamn bottle of water, so it's no surprise that the fancy restaurant at the hottest casino in Las Vegas cost $175 a head for the world's most underwhelming meal.Still, this place DOES NOT get a pass. And here's why:1. Walking in, it smelled like low tide. I was pretty drunk when we got here, so, not knowing this was a seafood joint, whispered (okay, maybe said loudly) to my friend "obviously don't order any of the SEAFOOD!" 2. The service is ridiculous. It's like amateur night over there! All this posturing and kowtowing. For what? Omar, the manager came over to "check on us." But did nothing useful. We were a party of 12, it was my brother's birthday, the bill was over $1,500, and we got nuttin. No "from the chef", no "on the house." Just a chatty sommelier with nothing to offer except a LONG story about his commute. 3. The food was fine. Nothing exceptional. Just....fine. Their angle is they fly the fish in every day from the Mediterranean. We got the Orata and some other name I can't remember. Seriously guys, I'm not some chump who's like, "yeah, food tastes like food. it's all the same." This food tasted like food. The whole "Mediterranean" thing was such a GIMMICK. Grossed me out big time.SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! Or go to one of the star chef spots like Thomas Keller's "Bouchon Las Vegas" or Daniel Boloud's "Brasserie at Wynn Las Vegas."Honestly, I would've been happy as a clam at high tide to get mediocre room service and drop that money at a blackjack table. It would have been a much more satisfying waste of money.This is quite possibly the worst meal / dining experience we've ever had.A group of business colleagues and I went to Bartlotta on Wednesday for dinner. We had made reservations a few weeks in advance.Upon arrival, we were seated in the entry hall of an otherwise empty restaurant.  We were initally given menus, and a waiter came to our table about 10 minutes after we arrived. While we had observed him interacting with other guests - presenting the fish cart with fresh options for the day, explaning specials - he simply greeted us with a "are you ready, girls?"  He was disrespectful and inappropriate.We placed our order (bottle of wine - which was great, first courses and mains) and asked for limes to accompany our sparkling water. Actually getting the limes proved to be quite the feat - after asking our waiter (no success), we asked the busboy (no success), another waiter (no success) and the bartender (no success). Finally, after asking our waiter again, we were given three shriveled, dry limes.First courses were fine - salads, the parm custard. No complaints here.The main courses, however, were horrific.  Two of us had ordered an entree sized pasta - the butternut squash ravioli.  What came out was unfortunately not ravioli - it was tortelli. The entree sized portion was only about 8 tortellini.  The menu had described the dish as being in a light brown butter. Our pasta dishes were covered in a thick layer of something crunchy that tasted and resembled brown sugar. Our overwhelming impression was that we were actually eating a dessert course.The other guest at our table got a mixed seafood pasta. Again, underwhelming. The dish was sweet, with very little pieces of seafood and a thick cream sauce. During dinner, service was again spotty. Our waiters has problems remembering to refill our wine glasses, but became upset when we attempted to do so ourselves.We ordered a dessert to share (the Lemon cake w/ Rosemary Gelato), and again, the quality of the food was less than thrilling.  We got out the credit card to pay and waited, and waited, and waited. The waiter walked by our table plenty of times - and while it was clear we had abandoned our dessert and our wine glasses were empty - he did not provide a bill until we sought him out and asked for it. All of us agreed that we had had better service and food at any chain Italian restaurant. For a restaurant that apparently is regarded in such high esteem (AAA stars, Michelin star) - we were completely disappointed with our experience and will never return.If I was feeling generous I'd grade it a C.We arrived at 8.05 for an 8.15 reservation.  Since we had just arrived from Philly we asked if it would be possible to be seated a few minutes early - we were told no even though one side of the room was empty.  She glanced at the bar and as it was full she told us to go wander around -- not a great start.Once they were ready for us they sat us at a terrible table - right at the bottom of the stairs and next to the wine station.  We moved to a slightly better table, but were told that the decent tables were reserved - I guess the fact that we had a reservation and had asked for a window table did not matter.The service was polite but slow and a bit inept.  They filled my half-full margaretta glass with water.  When I mentioned it they grabbed the glass - I figured to replace it, but not so - my drink was gone.The menu was a bit of a mess -way too complicated.  They also specialize in Mediterranean fish,, but they sell them by the gram (how many Americans have a feel for just what a gram is?) but some fish were only available for two or more people.  This was way too much trouble to figure out.Dinner was just average - since the only seafood that I wanted was for 3 and no one else was interested I had chicken- not bad, but a disappointment as I was hoping for exotic seafood.  The others in my party felt the same way though my father only ate about 4 bites of his risotto and the waitstaff never even asked if he liked it - when you see an almost untouched plate the waiter needs to at least ask.So - it was an adequate though unspectacular dinner, with one huge exception - the size of the check was quite spectacular.After the first course, I threw up.  As a huge Top Chef fan, we went to Bartolotta for the Top Chef tasting menu.  First course consisted of five tapas-sized dishes.  The first was an assortment of "fried" fish which included soft shell crab, calamari and 90% white fish which we didn't care for.  The ocyopus salad was tasty as were the grilled scallops with mushrooms and parmesan.  Canellini beans with bortaga was tasty.  The clams in  wine sauce were metallic tatsting.  I tried two or three and sent them back suggesting the chef check the dish.The waiter brought the next couse which consisted of sheeps milk cheese ravioli, squid ink risotto, and two types of pasta.  I had a bite of each and mentioned that the pasta was very undercooked.  The response?  "That's the way we cook it here."  My bite of rissoto was good, but all of the sudden I became nauseaus and had to run to the ladies room.After about 10 minutes, my husband was presented with a bill.There was no concern, no apology.After cleaning  up, I spoke with the manager and questioned how he could charge $200.00 for a meal that literally made someone sick. "You think it was the food?" the manager asked.  He ultimately comped the "meal" but charged for wine (even though that was left on the table).I was sick in my room the next day with symptoms of food poisoning.Cannot recommend.  Nothing was above average even before I got sick.I had the lamb and it was bland, uncreative, and tough.  It was more than $50, and I can honestly say that I would have viewed $15 as overpriced.  My date was unhappy with the quality of her meal too.  Service was mediocre at best, and not up to par for the area.To be fair, this place's specialty is fish, and neither of us had fish.  So maybe their fish is great.  But if they don't know how to make decent non-fish dishes they should preferably not put them on the menu, or at least discount the cost appropriately.I will never go back to this place.  I strongly prefer Le Cirque, which doesn't cost much more and is much better at everything (food quality, service, ambiance, etc.)  I'm kind of shocked Bartolotta is still in business after all these years and according to one survey I saw is actually one of the highest grossing restaurants in the city.  I expect most of that revenue is coming for "first-time" customers.  Maybe their fish is a lot better than their non-fish dishes, but my experience was bad enough that I would not consider returning.What reeks of pretention, but has the nerve to serve me a plate of bland pasta with overdone lobster stuck in its shell and no utensil to get it out?  Did you guess the restaurant Bartolotta?  Congratulations!  You've won an overpriced, underwhelming dinner in a beautiful restaurant.  This was the most disappointing meal of a recent girls trip to Vegas.  I had selected Bartolotta as our "fancy" dinner to celebrate my last days as a bachelorette, and had high hopes.  I mean, James Beard award, come on.  Our hotel concierge made us the reservation, and we had asked for patio seating.  We waited for about 10 minutes for our table, even though the restaurant didn't appear busy, and we were seated indoors, but at a table by a window.   Note to diners: if you want good service, come with a giant neon wallet full of money.   Pretty much as soon as we asked for iced water vs. bottled water our waiter was done with our table.  What we ordered: 1) The assorted fried fish appetizer.  OMG, if you take one thing away from this review, please for the love, do not order this dish.  It included small whole fried sardines, a whole fried crab, and rubbery calamari, it was also completely lacking in seasoning.  Let's just say my cousin vomited up a sardine about two hours after dinner.  2) Scallop appetizer.  This dish was pretty good, but for $25 for TWO scallops, I expected better.  3) I ordered the lobster pasta.  Completely unremarkable sauce, and overdone, chewy lobster.  AND the lobster was still in the shell, and I was given no utensil to get it out.  I had to use my butter knife to pry it from the shell.  4) The other ladies ordered seafood pasta they thought was mediocre.  5)  The beef pasta was considered the best dish of the night, at a seafood restaurant... hmm.  Not once did our waiter come to check on how our food was.  We had to continually flag someone down if we needed anything, like another drink.  We finally complained when the bill came, and the manager gave us a little face time, but even that felt canned and insincere.  I would never come back here.Horribly horrible. I live in Santa Barbara, Ca where there are many fantastic restaurants, Italian included. Bartolotta is junk. I ate with my wife who doesn't like seafood. That was not a big deal until the waiter explained to us that all the fresh fish is sold by the whole fish. There was only one fish that they would do for 1 person. The smallest fish they had that night would have cost me $115! I started with the Parmigiano-Reggiano custard with sauteed mushrooms, quite nice, a savory dish. The I had shrimp raviolis, bad, boring and tasted no better than store bought raviolis. My main was a snapper. It was quite nice but nothing over a 3 star, average as average gets. My wife had gnocchi in a tomato cream sauce which was just average again. Now so many people are giving the place 5 stars and I have no idea why. Yes, it is no olive garden and clearly would be 5 stars compared to that, but when you try to compare this restaurant to the best Italian places in the US (like Wynn sells it as) it fails to even come close. There has to be better places to go. I wish I could suggest somewhere else but I just haven't been in Vegas enough to do so.Our first trip to Las Vegas taught us how very hit and miss the dining can be, even in the most classed-up resorts on the strip.  This restaurant was a huge letdown, given that everything else we experienced at Wynn was top shelf.  Our dining companions had made the reservation about a week earlier, and when we went to check in with the hostess, she was first blank, then snotty, informing us that she had no reservation for us...dining companion called up the e-mail on her Blackberry and showed it to the hostess, who got even snottier in the face of their mistake. She told us to come back in a half hour and she'd see if she could work us in (bunch of vacant tables right behind her).  Attitude was both unnecessary and Irritating, but okay, fine, so we went and browsed the neighboring shops in the Wynn Esplanade.    We came back, got the same blank look and snottiness...obviously nothing had been done to set us up with a table.  Snippy hostess disappears, another hostess takes her place, and unceremoniously dumps the five of us up at one of the tables that was vacant the first time we checked in, which is set for ten people.  We were waving to eachother from afar across the table.  SO's dad gets fed up at the treatment, given the cost of the place, and finds a manager to speak with.  Which gets us a more appropriately-sized table on the lower level...shoved in the back, right outside the kitchen door.  Then, the food ordering commences.  Not sure what we expected, but not the limited options available. I don't expect it to be a casino buffet, but the offerings were surprisingly sparse.  I had not chosen or made reservations at the restaurant, so I hadn't done the research I usually do, so fair enough...it was somebody else's pick.  But I think everyone in our party was surprised at the fact that if you didn't order from the bizarrely presented glass case of dead fish on ice that's rolled up to your table, your sole options are side dishes of mediocre pasta, and by side dishes,  I mean about two tablespoons full...and at high-end entree prices.  Nobody was really interested in $75 and up portions of fish.  Guy shoving the case of gaping dead fish into my lap obviously offended that we're all ordering side dishes of pasta, and treatment gets colder, still, despite the ordering of copious amounts of overpriced wine to get through the experience.   And the bill was astronomical for getting basically table wine and sub-Olive Garden saucers of noodles.  The one star is because the mixed greens salad was actually quite good.  Mainly, my beef is with the service/attitudes...and not the food, though, although the presentation is pretty strange and definitely pretentious.  Pretty obscene treatment for a place where a full dinner for five people would cost well upwards of a grand.  Would never recommend the place.Let's see where to start.  Relatively awful service, we were split across two waiters, one who was very attentive while he was assigned to us for the first 10-15 minutes of our 3 hours there. The follow up waiter was rude, and short with us when he was sporadically paying us attention.  We were a group of 7 adults, yet seemed to be treated like a group of teenagers at Denny's wanting free refills on coffee while loitering for a few hours after school. After about 20 minutes with no refilling of our glasses of the champagne we purchased, we asked a hostess to grab the bottle for us.  She takes it out of the ice bucket and puts it on the table and walks away.  I think it's all part of a picture of how poor the service is there.  So we're off to a bad start, and ultimately those qualities of service could potentially not be factored into the star rating if the food made up for it.  The food was mediocre to bad in most cases, the one exception being the artichoke salad which was tasty and may only be worth pointing out because the rest of our meals were so bad.  My Vegetable Risotto was easily the worst Risotto I've ever had, it was completely underdone with the hull of the rice somewhat crunchy... there was also absolutely no seasoning whatsoever.  I ate a couple of bites and decided to ask for salt and pepper (something you shouldn't need to do at a restaurant of this stature, they should season their food properly), seasoned it myself... took a few more bites and decided it wasn't even worth the digestion.  I chose not to say anything or send it back since it was a birthday party and didn't want to bring attention to it.  The waiter cleared my plate which was mostly untouched and didn't say a word, again the lack of attention or care.  My girlfriend got the Gnocchi in tomato cream sauce, nothing special that I couldn't whip up myself at home without much effort.We eventually get to the main course where the majority of us decided to have the Branzino.  First of all the cost of the fish by weight is astronomically expensive, but I guess it might be due to the fact that all their fish is flown in from the Mediterranean daily. Don't even get me started on the environmental and sustainability issues that arise from that.  There was an option of accommodating sauces that you could choose from to go with the fish.  I guess I assumed wrong that the fish might be cooked with the sauce, this was not the case.  The staff bring over the cooked fish and dissect it and plate it for us table side (they did a rush job because I found several bones in my pieces), it was served with roasted (overdone) fingerling potatoes and sauteed (mushy) zucchini slices.  The fish was unseasoned and we were expected to dollop the accompanying (average) sauces ontop of it.  The potatoes and zucchini were nothing to be worth remembering, and neither was the fish.The other slight upside of this meal was the desert, their gelato and sorbetto were great however I have no idea if they were responsible for them or if they shipped them in from Italy everyday. Gelato is not hard to make either so its a good sign they didn't miss the mark otherwise this would be a zero star review. Ultimately there are so many other more amazing restaurants in Vegas, and probably even better Italian restaurants in your hometown that you should visit first before Bartolotta.  What a huge disappointment.Tips if you plan to go. The so called pasta appetizer can be ordered as full size for full order price. Tasting menu is NOT the only menu for dinner. Our waitress gave us the impression that the pasta appetizer will not be enough for us for dinner and keep pushing for tasting menu. Stupid me to fall for it. Tasting menu has lots of food but I don't think it worth the price. Environment is very intimidating.Bottom line. Very nice place to impress someone since you are spending big bucks. Otherwise, not recommended for good old italian food.Ambience was great, and that's where it ended.... Service was so-so, food was good, but we had much better food the last two nights at Rosemarys, and b to b in the Venitian.The food was so overpriced..... Ready?  My red bull and ketel one was $18, and my wife and I split the Sea Bass which they charged us $120 for...wow!!!!  Dinner for 2 was $350 with no wine and only two drinks.Here's my beef!  I don't mind paying for a great meal...  This just wasn't great, or even close.At 2am I had my meal all over again....  Uhg.We were very disappointed.  The food was ok at best.  The menu was limited.  I can't recommend this place.The wine list was good and the service was good.  The setting is great (everything at the Wynn is nice).Two words: HUGELY DISAPPOINTING!We ordered a drink at the bar and took in the beautiful setting on our way to our outside dining table. I give one star for the setting as it is a beautiful restaurant. Everything declined moving forward. It took a while for our waiter to greet us. He quickly explained the menu and he was friendly but rushed off before we could ask questions. We told him we planned to order a bottle of Barolo and he indicated that he would send the sommelier right over. After 20 minutes, he came back and said she was MIA and he would try to help us. She then stormed to our table and rudely said to all of us "I told you I was decanting a bottle of wine at another table!". She quickly reviewed some extremely overpriced bottles and when I inquired about one she mentioned initially as putting on the list herself, she told me she put them all on the list. When my husband asked about which wines she had tried recently, she replied that she had tried all of them. We found her to be extremely rude and arrogant. We settled on a $238 bottle that was good but the mark up was ridiculous. Later, we observed the sommelier yelling at our waiter in front of other guests dining outside. She was literally the rudest and unprofessional sommelier we have ever experienced.On to the food... we decided to splurge and order the Gran Menu di Mare tasting menu at $155 pp. We thought it was pricey but were looking forward to an outstanding meal with great service. We were sorely disappointed. The appetizers were good but nothing stood out for us. The swordfish was overcooked and was served on something that was so bitter, it was inedible. The pasta dishes were good with the exception of the seafood risotto which was not good. We had been told we would get some tuna and when we asked where it was, we were told that it was minced in the sauce with the swordfish which was awful! We waited quite a while for our main fish dish and once again, were sorely disappointed. It was a whole sea breem and tasted like it had been baked. It was cold by the time it was served to us, mushy and so fishy, it was inedible. The waiter only checked on us one time and inquired as to why I had not eaten the fish and I told him I didn't like it. He quickly said sorry and rushed off and we never saw him again! The desserts weren't even good - nothing was really even sweet. It was the oddest combination of desserts I have ever seen and the only thing that was enjoyable, was the itsy bitsy scoop of coffee gelatto. Last but not least, the bill arrived to the tune of $600+. It goes on the record as one of the most expensive meals we have ever had and one of the worst as well. We regret not dining at Michael Mina as we loved it in San Francisco and thought we should try something new. What a bad decision that was and we will NEVER go back to Bartolotta.One star because the restaurant is pretty.  This place was such a disappointment.  I didn't want to say it out loud to my boyfriend. who shelled out $500 for dinner for just the two of us, on our last night in Vegas.  We had such a great time in Vegas (other food reviews to come) that this was such a bummer way to end the weekend.  We ordered the Chef's Testing Menu for $145 per person and two half bottles of wine for $60 each.  When it came to the wine, we asked for their opinion, and they had nothing to really say.  We just picked CakeBread cause we know it and like it.  For the meal, it came with four small portions of appetizers, three small portions of pasta, the whole fish, and then some dessert.  The only app I remember was the scallops, because I am obsessed with scallops.  They had a large piece of shaved parmesan on it, was cooked decently, and in some sort of balsamic glaze.  It was ok.  I can't remember the other three.  For the pasta, one was a red sauce rigatoni, one was a cheese ravioli, and I can't remember the third one.  The red sauce rigatoni was completely uneventful and wasn't even worth eating the extra carbs.  The ravs were salty inside and had some more balsamic reduction on top to sweeten them up- eh.  Then came the fish.... it was of mediocre size, she pulled it a part for us, and plated it with a fresh tomato sauce.  It was fresh, the fish was meaty and not fishy... but it was soo ehhhhh (*read* not worth $145 per person!!!).  Desserts were ok, a panna cotta that the bf said was nice, two small spoonfuls of gelato, one of sorbet, and I think a little chocolate cake thing.  In addition, at one point, one of the servers dropped a platter when she was clearing the table- no big deal, it just made a clang but didn't break.... but she was so mortified and looked like she wanted to hide.   I hope she didn't get in trouble for that back in the kitchen or something, but that's the type of place this is.There was a fall tasting menu, 3 course meal option for $69- I wish that we had opted for that instead, and I still would have left feeling that I overpaid.  There are sooo many other places to eat at in Vegas.  Sorry Wynn, this was such a fail.  Don't go here.Vegas in October perfect weather and a perfect opportunity to check out new dining options after a full day of Golf and the prelude to an evening of gambling at our favorite Casino. Of course being with 7 Guys plus myself who don't go to Vegas that often and allowing them to select a restaurant of their choice they came up with Bartolotta in the Wynn. Arriving to a handsomely appointed two story dining experience with Crystal Chandeliers, well appointed bar, spiral staircase to the lower level which was a more romantic setting along with some upstairs tables off to the side where are party of 8 began our adventure into the world of "Mediterranean Seafood" After being seated ordering a good amount of pre dinner drinks we began to peruse this rather shall we say interesting menu.  Also our waiter rolled a cold tank on wheels to our table opening up to show us the various fresh fish not normally found on your North American Menu's with some live  "Langoustines" which to be honest look like some sort of cross between a Lobster, giant shrimp and nuclear reactor mishap.   It's a diverse menu with many items as stated you don't see regularly. 7 persons ordered the "TASTING MENU" and 1 person stuck to the land lover route. Let me do the Land Lover first having an appetizer of the Ravioli Toscana which was made with sheep's milk ricotta, and Marsala wine glaze. Perhaps the best thing that was tasted all night $17.00.  His entree was a Grilled Veal Chop with a Rosemary glaze mashed potatoes and a vegetable. Good but nothing great at $52.00  The Tasting menu of $175.00 per person went something like this.   Each dish contained exactly 7 items or enough for 7 persons to share.  Sea Scallops, the afore mentioned nuclear reactor type langoustines, Octopus salad, Sardines, Various dishes of pasta with vegetables and fish, risotto with fish, Fresh Bronzini, some clams, Tuna, and yada yada yada.  They threw in without telling us some deserts that they up the $175.00 per person to $187.00Last but not least the wine list was so over priced I almost gagged.  I won't even get into trying to describe each dish as look it was fresh, it was different but this is simply NOT MY TYPE OF PLACE and no matter how much I tried, I couldn't nor could 7 of our 8 dining patrons justify anything about the price or food that would every make me consider going back.  The service was top notch the place very nice, but I don't get the draw unless your European and like this type of food or simply craving to be knee capped with a bill that was almost $1900.00 for 8 of us with Wine & Drinks.  Sorry Guys EL PASO.  This is the second restaurant I've eaten at the Wynn / Encore that was awful upon conclusion aside from the ambience and the service so perhaps I see a trend here. With so many other options in Las Vegas I'll stick to what I know.I have never been more disrespected at a restaurant like this place! My husband and I were taking a walk, came across Bartolotta and decided to go in. We were seated outside over the pool which was nice but it was chilly out, the waitress assured me there were heaters so I sat closer to one so I won't be cold. Well once a group of men came to sit at the table next to me the waitress decided to shut the heat off with out asking us if it was alright and then when I asked y it was turn off her response was well they don't want the heat. Um excuse me is my money not as green as there's?? Shouldn't I have been asked if it was alright to shut it considering I was there first? NO these guys were high rollers and the staff was bending over back wards for them with out putting into consideration the surrounding tables. Then the waitress asked if I wanted her shawl... I was like no way! Then some one else asked if we would change out seats meanwhile our food was right behind them, I said no again. We order a half bottle of wine which was $40 because the full bottles were over priced. We proceeded with a pasta dish with sea food it was tasty but not worth $58 and then we had ordered a fish to split with some sides ONE Mediterranean Branzino $120, I was shocked and then dessert which tasted old to me. In conclusion, I will never be returning to this place again. Overpriced is not the word for an alright meal and rude staff. Don't waste your time.I can't believe this restaurant is still in business. My friend  & I had dinner ONCE and that was more than enough.  My food was very mediocre but my friend's was soooo wrong. He ordered the grilled  calamari appetizer, instead he got a very small plate of mostly little shrimp and 3 pieces of calamari  that did not have much flavor. We've had grilled calamari several times before at other restaurants and it is delicious!  When we told the waiter about it he insisted , that is the calamari appetizer????? I stated that there is no mention of  shrimp on the menu regarding this particular appetizer, but he, again said that is the way this appetizer is, I could not belive that this waiter was actually arguing with us !!!!!!     I have dined in some of the best restaurant all over the world, Paris, Rome, Venice, Florence, all over Southern France & never experienced anything like this.  Needless to say we NEVER went back & I tell everyone I meet about this experience because I do not want them to have the same BAD experience we had.So overpriced - and service did not come anywhere near the cost of the experience.  The wine steward was the best service we had and one of the food runners.  Would recommend - save your pennies and avoid this overpriced, lack of ambiance location.I've eaten at many 5 star restaurants in my life,  and I've got to say that this was THE worst !!!   For the prices they are charging, they should be treating you like a king.   Well that wasn't the case.   The place is beautiful, but unfortunately that's about it.  There are so many things wrong with this place that I can't list them all here.    I'll just touch on the major points.   After the waiter tried to explain the menu to us I was exhausted !!   He said that the fish was ordered by the ounce, but you had to order it in 3 oz increments.  Also you had to have at least 2 people at your table to order the same fish .   And,  the fish is weighed before it is filleted at the table.   What ??   Yeah I know, we couldn't understand what he was saying either.  Then you have the langoustinesThey're between $30 to $40 each and they're not much bigger than a JUMBO shrimp.  Also, they make a big deal about being raised in their own 50,000 gallon tank.  Big deal !!  Even as an appetizer, you need to order 3 or4 of these.  The taste was very bland and nothing special.  I've had better from Costco or SAMs club.  So, after we wait a log time for our apps and very slow service, we get the bill.   They charged us $345 for the Sea Bass !!!    For one fish !!!   Are you kidding me ?   There was enough for two guys to split, that's it.

Won 't be back.Please don't waste your time or your money! My boyfriend and I went to Daily Dose on a beautiful Monday morning and sat on the patio. We waited 10 minutes for water before I approached the hostess. She came back with water and said I server would be there shortly. No one ever came by our table after about 13 minutes. There were plenty of servers walking around but no one ever checked in on us before we left. What a waste of time.I'm completely astonished by the positive reviews!  My family and I went here this evening because we had been to the one in Phoenix and were pleased but I cannot stress enough the terrible experience we had.  The waitress forgot to put in an order and we were almost done before the meal came.  She never once came to explain or apologize and an apology would have gone a loooong way.  She basically ignored us from then on - put on your big girl panties and deal with it.  We asked for the manager who was either ignorant or arrogant but regardless his lack of managerial skills, social skills and communication skills simply made the entire situation worse. We explained we were there for a celebration and were told we would be given a dessert.  A different waiter attempted to put the dessert down on our dirty table because no one could be bothered to clear it...really????  So WE cleared our table , so that he could put it down and did we then get utensils to eat the dessert?  Nope.  The original waitress finally reappeared to see if everything was ok - seriously?  Were you on vacation the past hour?  And then on our bill we were charged for the long awaited meal and the dessert we were told was to be on the house.  Again, the manager with the seriously deficient intelligence ignored us - did he go to the same school of stupidity the wait staff attended?  And then he kept us waiting even longer for the new bill, which was a complete joke.  The food was average but I'm guessing the reason it was so completely dead in there on a Sat. night in Scottsdale is because the manager and staff are inept, rude and pathetically incompetent.  Oh, but thanks to the really brilliant waitress who gave the scotch to the 17 year old!  And the IQ points just kept continue to drop....From love to disgust. All I can say, disappointing experience. I've been going to Daily Dose about once a week for a year for happy hour (see my earlier review below). We've been with our team from work and just our household.I have a monthly advisory board meeting with my company board at happy hour. The place is in walking distance from the house, so it became our neighborhood bar. Last week's experience and today's were so bad I don't even want to go back.Last week we sat inside at a booth by the patio (it was a bit warm outside). Ordered a burger, chicken nachos, a well drink and soda. The burger wasn't cooked to order but the food was OK.  I had to go find our waitress twice to get service. One time she was sitting on the bench by the front fixing her shoes (hope she washed her hands after.) When the bill came the drinks were overcharged (twice the price from what I had ordered and specifically pointed out to the waitress). I had also asked about booking a work party for 30 guests and was told she couldn't help. When asking for more info she told me to come back. Really?Today (it was my birthday) we went back for a meal. Patio was full so we sat inside in a booth near the patio. It took 10 minutes between being seated and being acknowledged by our waiter (we actually stood up to walk out when he showed up).Ordered the same drink I always order (well vodka martini - its decent), soda, Caesar Salad, Marinara Meatballs and Chicken Nachos.  Asked for meatball to come first, rest after. Our drinks came. Soda OK, my vodka martini was a WTF drink. It was a glass filled with ice with about 1 inch of vodka and slice of lime (asked for lemon twist). 10 minutes later waiter came back. I actually showed him a picture of the drink I always get when I order what I order from a previous visit. He offered to make a new one. When it came back, it again was the same but without the ice, less than an inch of vodka in a glass that normally comes about ¾'s full. The glass actually contained 3 sips of vodka (yes I counted cause I was pissed).Next the Caesar Salad. Young lady brings the plate (we asked for it to be after the meatballs, but hey). She says "garden starter salad?" We replied we ordered Caesar Salad, she looked at the plate and said "Oh yeah its Caesar." Well this was a first time ever we had a Caesar Salad with tomatoes in it and ranch dressing.  Nachos and meatballs were OK.I asked for the bill. Bill came; it was a very reasonable $24.10 (happy hour and nothing to complain about here when it comes to prices). I paid $40 cash. When the change came the holder contained $17 in change with my ticket. Last time I took math $40 - $24.10 = $15.90, not $17.All I can say, WFT? The service has never been stellar at the place, but it has gone to hell. Your food is generally great, but man your servers are sucking these days. I am truly disappointed to have to find a new place in our neighborhood I can walk to.Fair is fair, here is the review I wrote in April before the review above:We went yesterday am and had to leave because of the horrible service. I had picked up 2 friends from the airport and they were hungry. So I took them to Daily Dose in Old Town. Had been there once before and everything was fine, the food and service was excellent. So, when we arrived we sat outside as my guests wanted to enjoy the weather. We sat for 10 minutes before receiving any attention. My guests were very thirsty, as they had been on a plane for 4 hours. When the waitress finally came, we asked for water, and I ordered a coffee, they ordered drinks. Well, I got the coffee, but nothing else happened for another 5 minutes. When we reminded the waitress she got very snippy and  said that she would find someone else to serve us as she was only one person (she only had our table and another table of 2 to attend to on the patio). Needless to say, she never returned and neither did any other wait staff. After another ten minutes, we decided to leave. I talked with Kiley, the manager, and she apologized. Food is great, service is not. Good luck if you go there - if you want water, bring your own.Rude service and uninformed manager.. I went in on Saturday and as always, this tiny place was packed.. Line out the door. Not feeling the best, my fiancée and my best friend and I went to the bar to order bloody Mary's while we waited. Apon giving the bar tender (long blonde hair, in 30's) my ID, she studied it skeptically and not thinking it was me(I have brown hair in my pic and I'm now blonde) and after a few awkward moments she asked if I had another ID. I told her no, that when I travel, I only bring one ID so I don't loose any of others I have. I'm 29 years old.. My best friend is 32, and my fiancée is over 40! We don't look young! She didn't ask me to verify any personal info on the ID as they're required to do, but instead stated the obvious that there's no expiration date. News flash: there's no expiration date on AZ state ID's bc they never expire! We tried to inform her of this, and come to find out, she was also a manager that didn't know this information! Her customer service skills were horrible and she didn't even apologize but instead made the drinks and had this attitude like she was doing me this huge favor. No thank you even when I still tipped her 20%. I understand she was trying to do her job but she could have done without all of the snobbiness.  I'm never coming back here again. The food was mediocre and my bagel was stale. The wait just isn't worth it. I recommend Morning Squeeze right up the street on Scottsdale rd.  They're always friendly and the food is ten times better with a lot more healthier options.No. Just No.I came here for Lunch. Huge Mistake.

Last week I went there for lunch with one of my best friends. Both of us had lunch at this place before, together and on separate occasions.

EDIT

I returned the car last night and was surprised they are charging me a rate of $375.53!!

I picked up my girl today and she had puncture wounds on her neck with dried blood. Took her to the ER and the vet said it is caused by excessive of damping at the neck and possible bit by another dog. Steve stated that she was not involved in any fight but had scratching issues for the past week.First of all, it doesnt take them to fight to get puncture wounds, hardcore play can too, and moreover, with the abnormal scratching it would have been nice to at least inform me. The med cost hundreds and I only wanted an answer. I asked him questions regarding the wounds and he was extremely impolite amd finally ignored me.  Never go there again and i suggest you think twice too.My first encounter with them was when they wanted me to petsit for a dog but didn't want me to contact the owner to confirm it was okay for them to outsource the sitting. I declined.  After that I got several very nasty messages from them.Then I see an owner on the news this morning complaining about a shock collar being used on his dog without his permission. They have changed some info on their Rover profile to make it look like they aren't in Vegas anymore but it's just to hide from search. They are trying to operate under the radar. Brent and Steve are shady and not to be trusted.

When you can't figure out how to use a car wash, there's some major issues. When your steering wheel is so greasy you have to go to the first convenience store to grab napkins to clean it before you can safely drive home, it's a no go.Unabridged:

VERY UNHAPPY WITH PLACEWorst place ever- We went here because we are staying at their resort. Service was Terrible!! We ordered 1 garden salad and 1 chicken Salad. Took forever to get our meals(2 Salads, Really?) Ordered a drink that was nasty! The Chicken on the salad tasted like it was old, and the lettuce was soggy. The garden salad was average. The waitress was more interested at serving the table next to us 4 times before finally acknowledging us. We have 20 people flying in this week to stay at the resort here and will make sure to let them know not to waste there time or money here.Been here for almost 50 minutes only one drink, food order was lost, manager brought us chips and salsa for inconvenience,  but we are still waiting, our first and last time here. Not happy with service as noted by other users no one has any motivation to offer good services.Management is incompetent and severely lacking customer service know how. The disrespect and worthlessness of this business to Tahiti Village patrons deserves the board to review ending their lease. On three occasions I sat at a dirty table and waited ~20 min to even be recognized by a waitress; one hour of my time is worth far more than the disrespect and disgusting unhealthy food from this roach hotel style bar&grill. The staff are an image of the business owners, classless garbage. I look forward to another business on my next vacation stay!Second time this place has pissed me off and it will be the last....Tried putting my order in online cause I wanted it to be ready when I arrived (solo at work) but got all the way to the end and received "there was an error communicating with the store you selected" bullshit.  If this feature doesn't work, don't offer it.  So, had to call the place and ask if my card was going to be charged and the newbie put me on hold, came back and said no, nothing came through on our end.  Then I asked, are you sure?  She said, yeah, pretty sure.....  (I ain't holding my breath).  She then said, I can take the order over the phone and it will be ready when you get here.  I was like, ok.  Gave my order and then took off to the place.  Got there, nothing was ready and waited 10 minutes.  There were two people in the place and they were already eating and no one else in line.  the guy making my sub looked to be more interested in the conversation his manager and another customer were having.  Look guys, yer making subs, not mona lisa's.  Usually wouldn't care but like I said earlier, I was in a rush.  Got the sub back and they forgotten an ingredient as well, sub was soggy from 2 cups of mayo to boot.  These places are franchised so the mgr doesn't have to answer to corporate and prob won't even read this nor give a shit.  last time i ever visit this joint and i will pass it along to my co-workers as well.  jimmy johns for now on.Called in to order. Girl was rude.  They forgot part of order. Then when called back they said I could come pick up the stuff forgotten. Not even an apology.   Don't go here unless you want poor service.Service at this popular sandwich shop has gotten worse with each visit. Came early to beat the lunch crowd, only to wait as the register was unattended for 10 min. Waited another 20 min for my sandwich. There were 10 people waiting at tables for the meals. Everyone was pleasant enough, but it does not make up for the poor service.The punk that took our order didn't know how to make a sandwich because I asked for ham and he gave me a damn avocado on bread. Then I was all like I'll shove your head in bread and say it's a ham sandwich.Came in to grebe a sub on the ran, I stand next to the counter for 10 minuet and no one care about taking my order, I left the place a drove to jimmy johns, you guys have to work on your serviceThis guy (TIM) is a complete waste of time. He's unreliable, no work ethics, unprofessional, has no integrity and tries to get more money out of you after the fact. He never shows up when he is supposed to and does not even bother to call or text you to let you know he won't be coming.I used him once and it won't happen again. All I wanted was my pool cleaned. After talking to him initially we agreed on a day and time that he would come out, well it never happened and he never bothered to call me so I called him and than he came up with some lame excuse.We rescheduled 3 times and finally he came out. By then my pool was green. He came brushed the sides of the pool and added chemicals and never did he even vacuum.He texts me later and tells me "I owe him" HELLO!!! Did you not get paid?? I owe you?? Are you freaking kidding me?I was home the whole time he was cleaning the pool but I told him I wasn't I wanted to see how he was with no one home. That's how I know he never vacuumed.I specifically asked him if he had vacuumed and he said no he would be back in a few days to do that and once again he never showed up!This happened 4 more times him flaking and than the day he was really supposed to show up and didn't I text'd him asking if he was going to reschedule, again. This time he told me it was going to be $45.00 for him to come out to vacuum.I explained to him the situation and that I already paid him for his services and he did not complete them.Short end of the long story I told him we had a contract and he did not complete the contract and he was already paid for that service. He never text me back so I told him I found him in yelp as he knew and people read yelp for a reason....BEWARE OF THIS SCAMMER!!! ITS VEGAS THEY ARE EVERY WHERE PEOPLE LOOKING TO TAKE YOUR MONEY WITH OUT ACTUALLY DOING WAT THEY WERE PAID FOR.Prepaid for a part to be fixed.  He took my money and never fixed the part.  It's been almost a month he's not going to show and now won't return texts.Tim doesn't return phone calls or texts. He replaced parts in my pool and leaves the boxes and old parts in my backyard like its my responsibility to clean it up. He doesn't show up for weeks at a time and when he does he makes excuses like its windy, it rained, or the filter basket was too full and I need to clean it more during the week. He charges more than most companies and charges extra for filter cleaning. I later found out when two random men came to my house at 7:30 PM that he outsources his filter work to another company. If you use this company you are basically paying someone to do nothing.If I could give less than 1 star I would as Tim is unreliable, inconsistent in his service going 2 weeks between visits even during swim season, argumentative and when he does come to service the pool he is in and out in minutes.  We have complained about the lack of proper chemical levels for weeks and he still doesn't balance everything week after week.  Use him and his company at your own risk but at least you have now been warned by me as well as others on Yelp.I brought my car here after a car accident. My insurance company Geico recommended that I go here. When I got my car back, the alignment was off, the headlights were not aimed right, the paint was scratched, the passenger mirror was put on wrong, and the wheel well was not put back into place. My car had to be returned 6x for corrections. Although they were accommodating each time to correct the repairs, it was an inconvenience. I found the workmanship to be poor and the Geico representative working out of that store to be less than accommodating and not interested in customer service.My Camaro ss was involved in a collision due to a vehicle running a red light and hitting me in the passengers side rear quarter. Gieco and brighton collision center were both beyond helpful and did great work on my car (had to return a second time for some minor tweaks to get it to my liking but they handled it for me without question) so why the one star overall you ask.. I had a very expensive gopro camera stolen from my vehicle while it was being fixed! Maybe it was their tow truck driver, maybe it was one of their shops employees.. I don't know. But what I do know is it happened in the time it was taken from me and I got it back from brighton. No solution was attempted to resolve this other than gieco telling me to file a second claim and pay a second deductible to be compensated for my camera.. I'll just buy a new gopro to save myself the hassle, just very dissatisfied with the theft. Hope this saves someone from loss of personal property!Let me first say, I loved being a member here. I am a yogi, and the classes and instructors were awesome! LOVE Lizzy and Meher! Brett was super nice and always greeted me by name. So why the 1 star? I lost my job, and had to move back to MN (1,200 miles away). I notified them in September that I was no longer able to remain a member. I knew they required paperwork to show evidence of a relocation, and told them I was unable to get that information to them until I moved (like most people). They "understood" and said they would be able to help me out by freezing my account. I was so grateful they were so understanding. Now, I'm back in MN, and I see a charge for $80.99 on my account. I'm thinking, I froze my membership it should only be $15 charge. So I call Amber, and she informs me that the membership has to be active to cancel. No, you did not tell me that!! So much for helping me out. So now I live 1,200 miles away and paying $81 for a membership I can not use! NOT OKAY! Do not become a member unless you know you'll be a member for life...I second what the other reviewer said about being underwhelmed. I've been a member for a while and wish I hadn't given into the pressure of signing up. They don't even let you see the contract until after you've signed it. You sign on an electronic pad and then they email you the contract that they verbally paraphrased to you in person. Also, say you want to upgrade to the bootcamp classes for a while, then you're stuck and can't downgrade to your previous membership level.Towels are still an issue. There should be a nice stack at every towel station as well as one on each bike in the spin room. Few are to be found. The spin room has one sad, little fan overhead and the room gets steamy with just a few people, let alone a packed class. The bikes squeak like they're rusty or not oiled (isn't that what our annual dues pay for - repairs?). I think they don't care about the club at this point because the whole shopping center is going to be rebuilt shortly and they'll be moving anyway.The floors are dirty - dust, towel lint, hair all collect around the equipment. For a morning class, the place should be spotless. The instructors don't walk around and correct people enough. I'm no expert, but I see people doing things wrong and they could get injured/not get the most of their workout without proper form. And, most of the time I can't understand what the instructor is saying because they don't enunciate. They also use terms that they need to define for everyone. For example, how much is a "working load," and what's "under the beat?"Finally, if you have a complaint, expect to wait a while for an email response. They'll ignore you until you cc Dino, the GM. Bottom line: treat your customers well and they'll sing your praises; don't do simple things to make them happy and you get bad reviews, which make people not want to join and it's a downward spiral. At this rate, I predict PB to be another fitness club that goes out of business.ABSOLUTELY AVOID.  I bought a 20 class groupon pass just to try the gym/classes out, which expires 30 days after being activated.  Tried out my first class in December 2015.  Then all of the sudden, my pass stopped working before the month was up because they put down the wrong date initially and its "expired".  I called 3 times and every time they said they'll call me back to fix the issue but NOTHING! They told me that I cannot sign up for any classes because only the manager can fix the issue and they couldn't extend it because I bought it from groupon. They didn't even offer like a 7 day pass which I would've been happy! But I haven't heard anything from anybody for weeks. They were not helpful at all and I basically lost two weeks. All the class times were so inconvenient and nothing is ever available! Waste of my time to even try the gym out!While I love the variety of group exercise classes here, I'm extremely disappointed with the level of customer service. I first tried this gym after I bought a groupon. Before you can use the groupon, you need to meet with the fitness manager (essentially trying to get you to buy a membership). He was busy before my class so they held my drivers license to meet with him after class. 20 minutes after class, he was still with another customer. The staff at the front desk refused to give me my drivers license back until I met with him. At the end of 2015, they posted a NEW groupon (as in they put out a new one on groupon). The verbiage started limit 1 per person.  Since it's a NEW groupon, how was I supposed to know it couldn't be used?  Needless to say after 20 minutes on the phone yesterday and a quick call today, they will not honor the groupon.  A little deceiving on their part. They should say 'new customers only' instead of trying to trick people into buying the pass. As a certified cycle instructor, I used to always refer friends to Pure Body for cycle and bodypump. I'll refer them to the YMCA from now on.Great for the Groupon, just as a trial. Once you sign the contract you cannot absolutely get out for any reason. I started a job 45 minutes away and cannot make the morning or afternoon classes and they still wouldn't let me out of the contract because I couldn't prove my apartment moved. Some of the yoga teachers are great but not worth the price of the membership at all.The classes are good, but the contract will be the death of you. I signed up with co-workers and then, after getting laid off and having to find a new job (an hour away with a work schedule from 7am--7pm), I explained that I needed to get out of my contract since I was physically no longer able to attend classes. They allowed my friend to get out of hers, but have not let me out of mine. I am throwing away $100 each month and it is the biggest waste. Also, for a gym that traps people into contracts like this, you would think that they could at least fix the plumbing--there has been a bucket on the ground catching water drops for a year now; the bathroom does not have a ceiling because of leaks. HUGE waste of money unless you know with 100% certainty that your job and address are not changing for at least a year.I had originally posted a review the day of our appointment but Yelp indicated that my review didn't seem to be a first hand account of our appointment so here goes. Me, my mother, my sister, my niece and her best friend showed up physically at the store for my nieces appointment. The lady inside indicated we had no appointment. My niece then pulled out her cell phone and showed her written confirmation that we had an appointment on that Saturday. Unfortunately they didn't honor our appointment and the next appointment that had been unconfirmed was not given to her either . We left the store and you can make your own decision but,  we will not be returning for another disappointment.It's DQ so I didn't expect much however I did expect they could get a Blizzard right. This place sent out coupons stating to come on down and try out their new location. I showed up to find a closed sign and construction tools were scattered all over the inside. Kind of a disappointment but I figured I'd just check back the following week. When I went back there was a sign on the door stating they would be opening that night. I figured they would need to pull off a miracle because the same tools were all over the place. The sign said they would be open though and the sign wasn't there the previous week so I went back that evening. Same tools everywhere and they weren't open. Someone did show up to at least remove the sign. A couple weeks later they finally opened. I stopped in to get a mini blizzard with reese's and oreos. I sat at a table and waited about 10 minutes when a girl brought out a dipped cone for me. What? I didn't order that so I showed her my receipt and she said she would make what I ordered right away. She threw away the dipped cone, such a waste, and went to make what I hoped would be what I ordered. As she walked back out, she realized she made a medium blizzard instead of a mini and proceeded to throw it away to go back and make me the right size since I paid for a mini and not a medium. With the waste of the 2 ice creams she threw out I don't see how giving me the medium she mistakenly made to me would have been a big deal. The blizzard was decent however the whole ordeal of getting it wasn't a good experience at all. Can't say I'll be back.Worst service I have received ever at a restaurant. We just finished paying $20 for ice cream and my daughter accidentally dropped her $1.30 ice cream cone. And they  insisted we pay if we wanted another. Obviously not run by the brightest business owner when that will be that last $1.30 they ever get from me.I think I got someone new because my manicure was just awful. The nails were ridged like they weren't filed properly and were not even painted fully. The woman only massaged my hand for 30 seconds! That's the best part of the manicure! Thank god it was cheap... I should have just painted my nails myself!I will never  recommend . I believe  no longer in Bussiness .                                                                                                from lasvegasfantasticoI hate to write this review because Jennifer is a nice person, but I would want someone to write this if I was looking for a salon again. Up until I saw her I had beautiful, long, blonde hair almost down to my mid - back. I was natural then colored my roots infrequently with my mom and I never had any issues with my hair. It was BEAUTIFUL and I got compliments all the time. I went to Jennifer and I am not sure how I didn't notice right away but my hair broke and damaged completely. I have been struggling for an entire year on what to do with all the damage, I am not sure if she doesn't do blondes often, the products weren't good, or what, but my hair went from being down to my mid back, to almost shoulder length and completely dead and damaged. I noticed breakage in the back once and pointed it out and she asked if I had a new boyfriend. She also gave me free treatments, I assumed just being nice but maybe she noticed the breakage before I did, which as a hair stylist I feel it would be that person's responsibility to say hey let's relax on the coloring a bit or just do the roots. I saw her three times for coloring. I used all the products she recommended and took care of my hair , and when I look at photos of myself you can see my hair progressively gets shorter. I am positing pictures of what I looked like before (which is what is my Yelp pic ), and what I looked like after I saw her three times.Extremely unhappy with our experience. Two hours is definitely not enough time if you are not experienced. They should also list the difficulty of the painting so you can choose accordingly. Our instructor had no patience with us and at times spoke to us like we were kids. The instructions weren't always easy to follow and even her painting looked nothing like the original. The professional pictures they say come with the price is really just the instructor snapping a couple of photos.  It's also BYOB but really you have no time to eat or drink so don't bother bringing anything.  The studio space is also very small. Not worth the price at all. With a different instructor maybe it would have been fun. We all just felt rushed and as if we were annoying her. So disappointing!The best thing I can say about this place is the front office, where you are physically signing a contract, is nice.Summary: Look ElsewhereWith a tough morning commute down Providence road toward the city,  you should always try and find good amenities. You could do better than Landmark. Perhaps decently priced, but the best looking place in the massive complex is the leasing office. The inability to see an apartment before signing a lease is troubling.  The appliances look 15 years old. The listed room sizes are not close. All of the rooms were at least 1 ft smaller than listed on the floor plan. If you can get past that, you'll be fine if nothing breaks down. Maintenance is nice,  but completely inconsistent and prove time and again that they just can't  handle the problems. This apartment complex needs work before I would recommend it to anyone.Am I happy with moving into these apartments? Not so much,we have so many problems! First off our dishwasher was broken for the longest time,and it is still broken,they come in to fix it and say it's fixed but it's not like 10 times! So I don't think the mechanic guys know what there doing!   Also AC was broken all summer long,it would work none stop and it would never get cold inside..they also tried fixing it a few times..that was a fail. Also I think every other week the water dosnt work,it's so annoying! Another thing I'm not so happy about is we had a bee problem,me and my husband both were stung,they did absolutely nothing about it!!!! I would walk outside and about 20-30 bees would come at me,I couldn't walk outside,it was insane! so I called them and they said oh I'm sorry the pest control people arnt here today you will have to wait till Wednesday and it was a Friday..are you kidding me? So me and my husband ended up killing them! Whenever I have a problem I noticed that they get frustrated about it,like I'm getting annoying to them,rolling there eyes,and do a bad job at fixing stuff...that's probably the biggest thing that upsets me about these apartments,I thought you were all for keeping the apartment owners happy and satisfied with there apartments..that's why I'm giving them a 1 star..If I could give this apartment complex a negative 1 star I would.The management is HORRIBLE. They do not want to work with you at all.When I was leased my apartment I was told it was a none smoking apt and the people below me smoke cigs and marijuana and if goes up into my vents and makes my clothes in my closet smell horrible.I tried working this out my management but they said it is out of their hands that's the people can smoke in there apt if they want because it's their "home".

My husband and I both have owned restaurants in New York City and can understand certain complications but this to me was just unacceptable.Someone called me from Brio and left me a message asking us to come back.

Bland, hard, yuck.If you make mushrooms and beef bland you have failed at life, simple as that.

If someone from Ceaser's corporate reads this, know that your employees at the LINQ are awful and should all be reminded how to provide good customer service.  I will NEVER stay here again, and am hesitant to stay at any Ceaser's owned hotels in the future.The best part about the Linq is its closeness to the monorail.  This is CaesarEntertainment's dorm or motel 6 option and it shows.  Curtains for closets and shower doors, empty dorm fridge and wall-mounted bath gel, shower and shampoo.  Add the poorly measured window curtain with its 6" gap from the window and the motel 6 feel is complete.The online and text check in features didn't work so we stood in line for 45 minutes as staff told us the system kept crashing from all the people.  Really?  A hotel checkin system should be able to handle 10's of thousands, not several hundred.  Same goes for the bank of elevators that ran slower than molasses.The spa wasn't open so I'm not sure what the $28 resort fee covered other than Internet.The other positive is the room AC.Loved this hotel until I was stolen from! My husband and I went down to the pool for about 30 minutes, came back up and saw shadows of rapid footsteps in our room. As we approached a lady who works for the hotel, named Griselda (not from room service) walks out and said she was just doing her daily check. Daily check? Well we didn't think anything of it until my husband noticed he was missing a $100 bill, so I checked my purse and I was missing $40. It's a horrible feeling knowing that you can't leave your stuff unattended in your own room. So if you stay here I'd recommend leaving all valuables in the safe.So far it has been a terrible experience. Took an hour and 15 to get bags delivered to room. I complained to the bell service, they didn't care.One drink at pool was $15 and had to show my room key at door and at bar in order to pay my $15. The staff is grumbly and not very helpful.Room is sufficient but nothing stellar.Hope it gets better from here.We went to las vegas this past weekend on a impromptu trip. The linq is a newer hotel and it prompted me to book the hotel thru a third party website. I had paid extra to get a high roller view with a deluxe king bed. Because of our late arrival Friday night I called 4 hours prior to arrival to verify reservation and to request king bed because I paid extra for that option. After almost 5 hrs of driving we finally got to the hotel when checking in the lady at the front desk was very rude and didn't smile. She didn't even let me finish my sentence prior to cutting me off. And she treated me as tho I was slow and couldn't understand what she was saying.. I am Asiana I felt somewhat discriminated since I am not a tourist. I asked her about my king bedroom and she cut me off by telling me nothing was available. And then offered me a double bed without high roller view without even checkiNg. I told her I had paid extra for the view n the king bed. But she said bc I booked thru third party I don't have a choice n I have to take what she givEs me.a all the time I couldn't even put in a full sentence  bc she kept cutting me off. I was so frustrated I asked to speak to supervisor. She was like fine and when sup came over she begin to explain what she offered. Which wasn't much. She was very condescending in her tone and acted like she was right in everything.  I said you guys are not trying to make my trip pleasant and they only said I am sorry but we cant. It was already almost 1 am and we were both tired so I just told her I will take the room.the room was clean but she gave us a room at the corner of the building which took us 10 mins everyone we had to go to the room. I also called room service for extra towels and I had to stay up an hr and they never brought them up. The high class and young vibe was nice but customer service  was crap and I was very disappointed  by lack of caring staff I am expecting at other hotels. Very bad since this is a new hotel and they want people to continue to come to the hotel. I like the location since it's in the heart of the strip but so so disappointing...Stayed at the Linq mid week for the BF'S birthday. On arrival, hotel looks nice and hey I won $200 on the slot machine!Then it went downhill! The elevators run sooo slow! We were on the 2nd floor so we took dirty stairs up to the tiny room. The next AM, we awoke to the loudest drilling/jack hammering right below us...at 6 am!!This continued the next night! AND they had to do a fire alarm drill during the middle of the night! We complained to the manager, and thank goodness we were upgraded to a higher level suite for our last night! Finally got a good nights rest. This did not make up for the loud noises and crappy sleep during the first 2 nights! Maybe the hotel will be better in a couple years, but stay somewhere else if you are going to Vegas in the near future!what happens in vegas stays in vegas...including your balls of hair, food stains, and other unidentified stains throughout the hotel rooms at the linq!

Last year:

Seriously, it seems that simply by being an AC company in AZ, rude service can survive.Not the HVAC company of choice.    I found them at the Maricopa Home and Garden show.  We scheduled an appointment for today.  I left work early to ensure I was at the house at least 30 minutes before them.  They did not show, did not call to say they would be late, nothing.  Very poor service.  If a customer is treated like this by sales when trying to buy a $7000 air conditioner, I can only imagine how bad it would have been with their service calls.My mom had them come out and work on her cooler on her home. They first replaced the thermostat.  Two days later same problem so she called them out again. Then they replaced a control board, the  next day same thing happen. So now they sent out another guy that knew more on coolers and he found that all it was  a bad 24 volt wire on the unit going to thermostat.  After over $600.00 they replace a $10.00 wire and then they wanted to charge her $90.00 for this. My god what a price of work they are. Never use them for anything they don't have any clue how to do the repair correct the first time. I'm going to report them to the BBB

Over an hour later our food finally arrived - my husband was at the door with the delivery driver while I was checking to make sure our order was correct.  EVERYTHING was COLD!  COLD Mozzarella sticks, COLD Philly, COLD wings, COLD chili cheese fries, COLD everything! The delivery driver tried to walk off as we were advising that the food was COLD.... not very nice in my opinion.

I just.  I can't.I admitted defeat and went to my eye doctor friend about an eye infection.  She called in an antibiotic to cvs, because I'm still being personally victimized by Caremark and forced to come here.  She texted me at 9:50 to confirm she'd called it in.At 11:30 I went to cvs with the same kind of hope and trepidation you see in abused animals approaching a human.  Maybe this time will be different.  The woman in front of me in line was trying to understand why she was told she couldn't use the drive through to pick up her medicine.  Like a child,  she was told "because." After fifteen minutes in line,  I had my chance.  This time,  in addition to not having the prescription they also claimed to have no record of me as a costumer.  I wish. I insisted that my doctor called it in at 9:50 and was told that my doctor may not be being truthful with me. So.  My doctor's apparently a liar, I have given up hope on ever getting this prescription,  and I'm considering just trying my luck with ordering black market antibiotics from Mexico on the strong possibility that a Mexican drug cartel would be more pleasant to deal with than the cvs pharmacy staff.So this CVS is in a nice neighborhood in Las Vegas, Summerlin..... we came to get a birthday card for my father in law, I had to use the restroom and walked in and was so disgusted; absolutely filthy. Needless to say I held it and left.Ignored the info on my insurance and sold me a medication that I'm deathly allergic to. Luckily I caught the mistake before taking any . They then allowed me to return it for a refun ...... how nice.I was just in there today, and I had a coupon for $10 off of $40 or more. Now, I shop this CVS store all the time and use my coupons all the time. Normally the staff in there is so nice and always honor my coupons. Not today..I was  $0.69 away from the $40, and she would not honor my coupon...I wish I got her name..I only got the SM name, and his name is Mike...I'm very upset..I'll be making my way back there to return everything I bought, and I'll be shopping Walgreens from now on...My experiences at this CVS have been less than pleasant. Pharmacy staff is not helpful at all. You ask them a question and they put you off without answering anything.I would like to give this cvs location zero stars but Yelp requires 1-5 stars. So one star for this rude filthy cvs.I am not familiar with Las Vegas and I came here today December 30, 2015 at 4:18pm, looking for a tongue cleaner. I gave up searching in every section and asked an older women just standing around and wearing all black attire, with very short hair wearing eye glasses if they sale tongue cleaners she responded "are you putting stuff in your purse" I said "no" then she said "oh okay we don't have any here, sorry I have to run to the bathroom" then she just briskly walked away.Very rude! No customer service what so ever. I highly do not recommend this store to anyone. Don't waste your time here with employees that have no professionalism and will discriminate you.This pharmacy is a disorganized mess dropping off and picking up I had to speak to 5 staff members. Save yourself some time and go somewhere elseBad tasting food and service. I was surprised they don't serve chips and salsa to munch on while your food is prepared. If you want to hear music you have to pay for it at the iTunes box. Will never come back or recommend this place.Really good service...... Food taste like it was made with no passion what so ever! I was extremely disappointed and would never go back if y'all trynna eat something bomb come through to my house I cook way better than them when I'm half asleep!Here on Yelp it states that they open at 10:30. My party & I arrived here at 1:30 only to see a "Closed sign on their window & it's not like this place is ridiculously close to the strip. I tried calling the number listed & all I kept getting was a busy signal. Shame on them.Seen the reviews and decided check it out being I'm new to Vegas.  Food was ok not the greatest or the worst. We ordered shrimp tostadas and fish tacos,  beans tasted funky though.  The micheladas were ok,  we finished full.  But once we paid and we're about to leave my husband noticed a cockroach roaming through the place.  We were both disgusted!!! We let them know and they acted like it was a ant.  So just a little heads up people!!Late night shopping and only self check out was open. I had difficulty twice with the process of self-check out. Lack of continued Customer assistance. I shop at this location often and its first of poor service. I left all my items at the store. I walked out disgusted. Only then did an Employee "run" and ask if she could assist. Deep sigh. I "hate" Wal-Mart due to limited Cashiers and poor Customer services at time. So I am unsure where to shop. Deep sigh.Lacking customer service big time!  I go to the grocery store at least 4 times a week.  Employees lack good customer service and seem to have a miserable attitude at this location.  I've been in Vegas a year and have been to the Aliante Smith's many times. Always disappointing and frankly I feel a negative attitude almost every time I go.  I would drive further to go to a different store. I think I'll switch to Albertsons.This is for the bagging groceries process at the Aliante location. This has happened multiple times and I'm getting sick of it. I'm getting tempted to go to a different grocery store. I bring 4-5 of my own bags for a full shopping cart. Why is it that your baggers, specifically one man, doesn't like to put my tons of groceries in all the bags. They love to shove almost everything in to 2 bags. So I thought I'd solve this issue by asking really nicely if they wouldn't mind using all my bags because they get too heavy for me. Well today instead of the usual "sure", He gave the check out guy a look like "gimme a break", says "I always do", then proceeded to throw produce in the bag where I heard a thump. Thanks now I have bruised produce. Then shoved everything else in the other 2 bags. I've never worked in a grocery store but I'm positive berries and produce don't go on the bottom with cans on top.

Then he said, "pay for the pedicure and get out of here and we will be happy if you never come back!"(can you believe this guy!?)

I was stuck so I paid and I did complain to cooperate Toyota and they said they cannot control what their dealerships charge.  I called the dealership in California and he said they would replace it for $550.00 to replace it.  So please this place takes advantage of seniors and women.  Caution Caution Caution!!!!!!!!Dirty car dealership, although they all are, I expected better from a big company like "Toyota". Bought my scion 5 years ago and drove off in tears after dealing with the nastiest car loan guy ever. Well, this year I thought, I should give them another chance, MAYBE, just maybe, it was just one bad experience. Well, they sold us a car with lots of hidden damage which was already found by their own inspection a week before we bought it. Here we are waiting for them to "clean" the car because it is pretty much "ready" for us when the service side informs us that the car has about $4,000.00 worth of repairs needed on it and shouldn't have been sold to us in the first place.I'm being incredibly sweet with this review and not even mentioning the fact that once you buy the car it is nearly impossible to get a hold of any of those "nice" dealers and your voice messages get sucked into a giant black hole that resides in their voice message system. On my mind I have a volcano of bad words about ready to erupt at all the BS we have had to deal with buying from them. Tip: DO NOT buy a car from them, but if you have to, make sure EVERYTHING is pristine and ready to hit the road BEFORE you sign ANYTHING, because once you sign those papers, you will be Alice in Wonderland lost in the abyss of lies and miscommunication.Alright, now I'm off to fight the dragon to get my money back.I found the new car I wanted through the Toyota.com website.  It stated it was available at Centennial Toyota, but it was not on Centennial's website.  So I went to the dealership.  Once there I was informed I couldn't look at the car because the general manager was driving it and had taken it home for the day.  I set up an appointment to see the car another day.  When I arrived to see the car I was told I could only look at it for 10 minutes because the manager had a meeting and needed the car.  So we quickly looked in the car to find it was obviously used/driven.  Personal items were still in the vehicle and it was not clean. There wasn't an MSRP sticker.  The odometer read 650+ miles  I should have left at this point, but I still liked the car so we headed in to negotiate.  I figured they couldn't expect me to pay full price for an obviously used car.  I briefly spoke with the general manager on the way in, who informed me that he routinely drives a lot of the cars from the lot until they reach 5,000-8000 miles.   First they offered $3000 less than NADA and Kelley Blue book trade in for my car.  Second they hand me a piece of paper with a price that was $2000 more than MSRP and what their website said.  I mentioned that I have used the Costco auto buying program in the past and would like to see if they could match it (Costco guarantees invoice pricing on new cars).  I have purchased 3 cars in the last 5 years through the Costco program or by mentioning it and having the dealership match their price.  The sales manager comes back and says he can lower the price, which ended up being the MSRP/advertised price on the internet.   I reminded the sales manager that this car is no longer new (650 miles), he stated this was as low as they could go, the general manager would not approve any lower price.  What a joke......  I guess the general manager was more concerned about driving a nice car rather than selling a nice car.  The real loser is the salesman, because I will go elsewhere and buy the vehicle, the general manager will continue to drive that vehicle and the salesman missed out on a sale.I inquired from Truecar for a quote.  Received 3 from local dlrs, and they contacted me.  I received a call from Rick from Internet sales.  Made an appointment for 7/9/14.  I met with Rick and his assistant.  They were too busy to help so they directed me to salesperson who showed no interest in helping, so then I was dumped on nice young man.  He walked me to the back lot (quite a long walk) and we found a RAV4 that I would consider.  We took the RAV on a test drive even though the car had not been inspected or serviced (new car).  The radio/nav system and power seat did not work.  I could not adjust the seat for the test drive.  After test drive I was directed to park in back lot and walk back to the Showroom .  We sat down to talk about a price.  He went to the back office and came back with numbers that shocked me, and interest rate of 4%.   I have a fico score over 820 and I feel very insulted by the offer.  I told the salesperson that the dealership had just pissed me off, I ask him to go back and tell (Wizard of OZ???) that I wanted  an "out the door quote"  My trade is valued by KBB at over 18,000.00 and their offer was 14,000.  I expected that a senior sales supervisor would come back with him.  He came back alone with another rediculous offer.  I was angry  and demanded that the keys to my car be returned so I could leave.  I feel sorry for the salesman who did not seem to have support or direction from management. Don't blame the salesman who was trying to do a good job, I would buy a car from him and wish him well.  I have not purchased a new SUV but the other two dlrs were professonal and made reasonable offers.Not trustworthy at all.  I was supposed to meet one of their sales people at a scheduled time, and I ended up waiting for them for almost half an hour at the front door, I should have just left, but I was trying to be nice.First off, they wanted to know how much I was willing to pay per month, which wasn't a big deal, but every-time I gave him a number,  he disappeared for 20 minutes and came back with a ridiculous quote.  Then, he told me that if I wasn't going to put down $7,000 then I wouldn't be able to buy a new car.  Which was fine, because I currently own a car from 2012, and I was just browsing, and really didn't need a new car.But before I left, they tried to get me to buy an older corolla, which don't get me wrong, Corolla's are the best cars on the road, but I'm not going to trade in my 2012 VW for an older model car.  While I wasn't impressed with this idea, I did let him try to sell me on it, and when he showed me the car, I looked up the stock number on my phone, and discovered it was $1,000 more than what was on the website.  Of course he lied and said it was a better deal because he wasn't charging me the $1,295 "reconditioning fee".When I left, I was so glad I hadn't made the mistake of falling for their lies and schemes.  Overall, save your time and money and go to Autonation Toyota on Sahara, they have been the most helpful by far, and offered me a fantastic deal on a 2014 corolla for way less than Centennial with a much better down payment, and better terms.My first time buying a car in a car dealer, my friend took me to Toyota and the experience was SO bad. The sale person Raul was good. It wasn't until I got to meet with the financial manager Silvino Reyes, the nastiest person to deal with ever. He was so pushy in trying to make me buy add on's and when I kept telling him no, he will just keep going and going to the point where he scared me and I didn't want to buy their car anymore. I ended up buying, but left his office shaking. What a horrible person to deal with. In my own words: he was Stupid. I waited for Toyota to contact me and rate my buying a car experience but they didn't. Now the Sales man Raul promised he was going to get mats for my car, it came with no mats by the way. Three months passed by and I still don't get any mats, and when I ask him, he only says be patient we haven't received a car like yours to take out the mats. Really? He's going to take the mats out of another car? He is telling me Toyota hasn't received another Toyota 4 runner? Who does he think I am..? One more thing, they said Wells Fargo was doing my loan, later I found out, it was another bank in Cali doing my loan.

(They also have a steak for $5000, don't do it)The oysters had a nasty lemon sorbet that masked the flavor. the oysters were super cold from the liquid nitrogen and were small as hell. I've had better oysters at buffets in Minnesota.The foi gras was like a nasty peanut butter and jelly sandwich...I thought it was duck liver?? the steak tartar was good, but not worth itthe bizare or whatever you call it was super salty and the risotto was undercooked and NOT creamy! Besides the disgusting food, the servers are friendly, attentive and the vibe is casual and dark.Instead: go to wolfgang puck's restaurant at the MGM, the Gnocchi Bolognese is breathtaking and Don King is a regular.This place should not be called FLEUR. Fleur de Lys was one of the best places in las vegas. This place is below average, pricey and tasteless dishes. Not because its says by Hubert Keller its a good place, actually its mediocre, not worth it by any means, i pay $130 just for me. This place its a scam based on Kellers fame. Fleur de lys used to have michellin star (that its gone). and was my favorite restaurant in Vegas, I will never come back here i was totally disappointed.Buddy and I had drinks and ate at the bar.  It was a Friday night but a little early so it was fairly quiet.  My buddy had Meesa wings and Sliders which he said we just OK,  I had caesar salad and gnocchi, both were just average.  Not good considering the tiny portions and slightly high prices.  Not that it affected my rating, but to make things worse, both my friend and I had upset stomachs the rest of the night, while he actually had bad diarrhea through the next day - let's just leave it at that.  I will say the bartender was really friendly and made us some good drinks.Came here in April 2011 and it was a very disappointing experience! I made a reservation after my friends had raved about Fleur De Lys being the best dining experience they had in Las Vegas. After looking up the menu changes, I decided to give Fleur a try. I didn't think Hubert Keller could disappoint. I do have to disclose that I tried to cancel my reservation earlier that day. My group had decided we wanted to do something a lot more casual for dinner. Despite their 24 hour cancellation policy, I was told when I made the reservation that they're not strict about it and that as long as you call before your reservation, you won't be charged the ridiculous no-show fee. When I called, they gave me a lot of trouble, telling me that they had a ridiculously busy night and that cancelling the reservation would absolutely mean I'd be charged $50 per person. She even went as far to tell me that if I tried to pull a loophole on her by changing my reservation then canceling it 24 hours before my reservation, I would still be charged. Thank goodness my group of friends were troopers and decided to give the restaurant a try. When we got there, the restaurant wasn't busy at all. The lady on the phone emphasized how busy they were and were going out of their way to accommodate our large party of 9. There was plenty of room in the back in the 'real restaurant area' but we were put in the very front in the mall area. It felt like we were eating in a food court. The entire meal was a disappointment. The service was mediocre at best. We had a party of 9 so we were able to order a lot of plates off the menu. There were more than 3 dishes that the wait staff got wrong. We kept getting dishes we didn't order and we got repeats of dishes that were already served. When we pointed them out to the servers, they simply said "The kitchen hates it when we send food back so just eat it." The food was nothing spectacular. Not only did nothing taste particularly flavorful, nothing came out at the right temperature. Everything we ordered came luke warm. The server kept warning us that the lobster mac and cheese was extremely hot but it wasn't. We could've put our face to the baking dish without our skin turning red. The mussels were bland, the braised hamachi came highly recommended by the wait staff but it came swimming in so much sauce that you couldn't even tell you were eating fish. My friends ordered the Fleur burger but the waiter instructed them to pour the red wine reduction sauce all over the burger that it completely masked the taste of the wagyu, foie and truffle. The worst dish even though its a side dish must've been the Tarte Flambee. It was simply onions on flatbread, both underwhelming and tasteless. The only highlight to the meal was dessert. The chocolate souffle and the creme brulee trio were the only dishes that were satisfying.After food, wine, tip and tax, the bill came out to $78 per person. It was an outrageous amount of money to have spent on a very lackluster meal.We had dinner there and it is a big must NO go. If you want bread it's $15 ,very average food coupled with service that you would expect at Denny's.  Yes he is Thomas Keller's brother but that's where it ends.

Never going again.I have always been a huge fan and have sent lots of people there. But that has all changed. The staff is incredibly rude, the manager Cameron has no customer service skills and yelled at customers. There used to be a friendly staff, this place is getting to have a bad reputation. When I was there I heard severs cussing and complaining about their tables....right infront of everyone!! I will NEVER go back to the Scottsdale location inless the staff gets better, as of now Chandler still has my business.Positive: Nice trendying atmosphere, happy hour specials but not all that great.  Sauces good.

On the other hand, if you enjoy a song and dance canned sales pitch from your wait staff and shitty service...

Menu, Price, Server, and Sushi Chef Ladys, everything has been changed. They dont have my favorit menu anymore or nice and funny servers are not there anymore. Only ugly old man n rude server r there...

#2. The other employee left a stack of cash on the food prep area. Gross.#3. The employee needs to hike his pants up and stop PICKING HIS TEETH while serving food!I used to frequent this location weekly however I recently stopped. I love Dunkin Donuts but this location is a joke. The coffee tastes watered down and the donuts are stale. The crew always seems disorganized and it is poorly managed. This place used to be great when they first opened but have since gone down hill. I think the only reason they stay busy is due to location and being the only donut shop in the immediate area. I rather go further or out of my way to get better donuts and coffee.Unfriendly and rude employees.  I've never had, "Ya man." Said to me so many times in a conversation before by this clerk behind the counter.  The gentleman with the white hair (seemed to be a manager) was yelling to a customer that his order was ready......  The customer was kind and apologized for not hearing him, and the employee just sneered and shook his head in distain.  This is very rude behavior.....  There's too many places to get a snack at.....   I'll definitely NOT be coming back.Terrible service. Every time we come here they forget to make our sandwich. This last time was the final time I'll be going there and if I can keep you from making the same mistake then mission accomplished for this rant. After waiting for 10 to 15 minutes and noticing that no one was even making any food I walked up to the cashier to see what was going on but before I could even say anything he said "oh, we never made your sandwich. You still need to pay for it.". How does the guy forget to place my order but remember that I ordered it? Then he actually had the nerve to tell me I still need to pay for it after waiting there (a second time) for 10mins. No apology at all, he acted as if it was my mistake not his.  I told him I wasn't going to pay anything but that I still wanted him to make my sandwich. He looked at me like I was crazy. He said "but you didn't pay for it yet." I told him that was his fuck up and asked why he didn't say anything while I sat there waiting the whole time. Then I asked him if this is seriously how this place does business. Make me wait for 10 to 15 minutes after he fucked up and then charge me for the sandwich with no apology or acknowledge of putting me through the inconvenience. He had to go and get another worker and ask him to do it and then the guy came moping over moving a half a mile an hour and acting like he hated his life. Look guys I'm not the one that put in the application for you at Dunkin' Donuts. I get it, you don't like your job, but regardless you still have to do it. I was already fed up with waiting again but then while the worker was making my sandwich he stopped and stood there staring at the meat. I don't know if this guy was on pills, partied the night before, or what but he was totally out of it. I might sound a little bit like an asshole but this place has some seriously bad service. I hollered over to the guy with his thumb up his ass staring at the meat and told him, "hey buddy it's not like I've been waiting here for 10 to 15 minutes so go ahead and take your time. He stopped standing there with his thumb up his ass and walk towards me and said "whaaaat?". I repeated myself and then he went back to very slowly putting the sandwich together. I just told him not to worry about it and that I would contact their manager and leave a review. So here it is. Fuck that Dunkin' Donuts and the tards they hired to not run that place. I won't be going back that's for sure.Well. Basically I like Dunkin though, It was a quite bad experience with a guy who took my order up front. I was in need of taking some doughnuts out and placed an order then checked out then was watching the guy picking up  from the shelf. OMG he was working with gloves that  have touched on the currencies I got from him when checked out. he didn't change the gloves or use any sort of supplies in clean to do the job. It was such dumb. Sorry I'll never get here again.This is ridiculous....I walk in and it's gross the whole dining room is disgusting. We sit down and ask if he can wipe down the table he grabs a rag and walks around all the chairs and tables that are all over the place. Wrappers everywhere and donuts all over the floor. He wipes just our table and ignores the mess in the dining room. Goes back to organizing the coffee Christmas decor (Christmas is over). And ignores the mess while others walk in and managers walks out to run an wrens looks at the mess and doesn't say anything.....it's by my house but never would I come back here again.....disgusting!!!!!This dunkin donuts is the worst.  3 separate occasions within the span of one month I tried to come and order one of their drinks and each time their machines were broken.  Ridiculous.  Never encountered such problems at any other location, but something about this location.... it just can't get its act together.   I really wish there were another summerlin location or that the general manager responsible for this location would do his/her job and get this location operating like it should. It's an embarrassment to the dunkin brand.The manager, Paul, was extremely rude when I came in to spend $90 on gift cards. I walked out and went to a different store instead. I will never come here again.This location is awful!!! I called ahead to order donuts for my 4th graders class( Birthday treat) and they said they couldn't make 3 Dozen glaze donuts! Really!!! You are a freakin donut store!!! And you can't make 3 Dozen donuts ahead of time??!! I called a day and half in advanced!!! Ridiculous!!!! Horrible customer service!!! I told them I ordered donuts before with no problem, they said sorry I can't help you!!This has to be the worst place to shop, they have the worst customer service and worst manners I have ever seen 5 stars negative, and hope they fire the guy who is working thereWrong size and wrong color was put in our bag. Had to spend 30 $ in cab to return it.  The clothes  here are amazing and you will pay for it.Worst game stop I have ever been too. I use to go the Gamestop on Decatur and Sahara one of the bet ones in town but they close down I don't why that's beside the fact this store has people that do not now anything promos. I bought a game bf4 for 360 because they told me that I was going to get a code for get a code for the Xbox one version but that was a lie the promo, ended the day before and they told code should be in the box and it wasn't so I return the game the same day because what's the point for the game I rather wait the two months for to get The Xbox one version I go back to the store I wanted my money back but they said I could I open the box I was I open the box because you told me !!!! ok I was like let me have store credit for the full price and they were like no because you open the box and we can't do that. I have been buying from GameStop for years since ps2 this has to be the worst experience I have ever gotten. I was lie to and given the wrong information.  It always feels dirty there I don't know why .....I got my hair done by Adriana. It was the first time ever dying my hair so I was already very nervous but my friends aunt always gets her hair done by Adriana and said she does a great job. It was mistake of trusting her. I told her I didn't want any red or tiny of red just some light brown lowlights throughout. I also told her to not dye the top layer since my hair is super dark and I'd have horrible roots. She not only did everything I asked her not to do but she also charged me 100$ for it. The place is not high end at all and was definitely not worth the money or time. I was so disappointed after hearing all the good things. She was also very messy and seemed to be rushing as she was doing my hair. Needless to say, I will never some here again and hopefully saved someone else from this experience as well.The first time I went to this place, the owner did an amazing job!! color cut and highlights. loved my hair! The second time I went back to basically get the same thing I got the first time. I was attended by the same woman that totally messed my hair up! She thinned my hair out, she dyed my hair jet black almost blue, and my layers started at my crown and ended elbow length. I looked like a bird ! I hated it and never went back. Horrible place. It took 2 years to finally get my hair back to what I consider normal. no stars if possible.AhahI was recommended by a friend to go with Susana, I trusted her work since my friend always got her highlights done with her. Let's start by saying I had very long dark hair and asked for a medium brown with some highlights.. She knew I had black hair dye on my hair and she told me it was safe and bleached the hell out of it. 6 hours later and my hair was 2 inches shorter without trimming and light brown. And I paid $220 for this horrible mistake. The next day it looked orange-ish in the sun but didn't want to freak out. 3 days later I washed it and about 40-50% of my hair fell off and felt like corn hair. It's been 2 years almost 3 and my hair is still recovering! Still breaks when I brush it and is not as beautiful and strong as I had it before! Also, my friend went with her to get ombré style this year, saying maybe it was just my luck, well she got her hair messed up too!  I have no idea what kind of product Susanna is using, and find very unethical she works on her clients hair knowing their hair will get messed up with certain procedure. My new stylist always tells me if what I ask her to get done will ruin my hair or not.I would like to inform all existing and future clients of Adrianna Hernandez or better know as @Adrixherz on IG that she has moved locations. She has conveniently moved with in the same area of town! To book your next appointment  Or Consultation WITH ADRIANNA HERNANADEZ Feel free to call or text her @702-533-0353   She hopes to see you soon.So I get here with my son, as soon as I walk in I'm the only one there waiting,  I write my name down on the list and the waiting begins. Took literally about 25 minutes and everyone was still busy.  This girl that works there, Laura walks in goes to her station and begins prepping her stuff to begin her work day.  All I can think is FINALLY someone is going to help us. Out of no where another guy walks in and I  see Laura look to one of the other girls and asks her to help us out when she's finished because she is going to help the guy that just walked in out. (Im sorry what? We've been waiting for about 25 minutes for you to help someone out that just walked in ?) As soon as she sits him down I ask her if he had an appointment or something,  and all she tells me is that he was waiting for her outside this whole time?  Which was a lie. Seriously some of the worst service I've had . Not only that but she says it with attitude.  At the end of the day a lady called Susy helped us out . She was amazing ! And cut my son's hair perfectly. But this Laura chick really ruined out experience here.  Needless to say I won't be coming here again..If I could, I would give this 0 stars. DO NOT GO HERE. I went once to get an ombre. The lady who did it did something entirely different. Not at all what I wanted and I still was forced to pay $150 for it. Worst of all -- she had actually left the product in my hair for too long and it all broke off. I lost about 5 inches of hair after this experience. The employees are always chatting about personal life stories and it is a very uncomfortable atmosphere. She definitely used products that damaged my hair when she should've told me it would ruin it. Overall, not a good experience. Unless you want to be ripped off and have a heart attack, do not come to this horrible excuse for a beauty salon.My friend also went here once and asked for 3 inches off her hair. They cut around 8 inches. Thoroughly disappointed.One of the worst places I have been to since I have moved here. Our bartender paid attension to the TV than to her customers. The atmosphere was like being at a old folks home. Will never go back there.Walked in slow Sunday night. Pumped in $100 on VP played for a 10 mins.  Not a single acknowledgement from bartender after walking past me 6....yes 6 times. Why is it so hard to give people money!I made my appointment on Zocdoc and was confirmed the next day at 10 AM for my appointment at 1:30 PM. I drove from North Las Vegas to Henderson only to find out that she does not do women's health appointments on the first visit. Very disappointing, when I have a limited timeframe to get this done. The only explanation I received was that they don't get paid when they do it on the first visit.Precision Plumbing is one of the worst companies ever.  We had a plumbing problem about 2 years ago.  The technician that came out didn't finish the job.  Said he would be back.  Set up one appointment, and he didn't show (said he got into an accident) set up a second appointment which he blew off completely.  Canceled the charges on my card and called out another company that did the work.At the time I called the Manager of Precision Plumbing and explained, he apologized and said he would take the charges off.  Now here is the best part.  2 years later we get a demand letter saying Precision Plumbing is going to put a lien on the house.  I have to get the company who fixed the problem to look through the back invoices...  Talked to the supervisor who said this whole problem was my fault because when the original technician was out and gave me his cell number I should have called the corporate offices when he failed to show up (as his employees and technicians are not representatives of the company).  Precision Plumbing is a really bad business.  Do not have them do any work for you.Showed up at the wrong time and turned my water off with no notice.  Very rude and unprofessional.  I would not recommend this company.If you live in Las Vegas DO NOT use Precision Plumbing! We had to replace all the plumbing in our house, plus the main sewer line and the water line (it's an old house and it needed to be done so that's not the issue). But Precision has made this a 6 week long NIGHTMARE. They are not true to their word and backtrack/double talk everything all the time. Save yourself the headache go with another company.Horrible company!! Ripoff artists!! Go anywhere but here!! I was told they don't charge per hour but did the math 160.00 in parts 500.00 in labor for under an hour of work!! No welding, no digging, just some glue and tape plus one of my toilets faulty already!! Stay away from these guys!!In OUR OPINIONS precision plumbing IS THE WORST.  We would NEVER NEVER EVER use this company ever again!  Believe us if we could rate -0- stars we would or even MINUS STARS better yet.  IN OUR OPINIONS.......After having an issue with plumbing starting I'm my kitchen and then backing up in my bathrooms also I called this company because of all the great reviews on yelp. I had a baby shower coming up the following day and needed this issue resolved as soon as possible.  The lady who answered the phone was very nice and seemed like she was gonna be helpful. Even tho it was a call that took place in the middle of the night she said she would have someone out to my house as soon as possible. Well that never happened. I have called back twice with no answer and no one has bothered to return my call. At 8 A.M I am now looking for another company as I have giving this company all night to get back to me. Feeling very disappointed as the lady her self said I was only down the street from the company and with all the great great reviews on here.Wouldn't give a quote over the phone but insisted on coming out even though I told them what I needed.  Came out and asked for $100.00 more then I paid using PURE.I called this company because of their good  reviews on yelp. I had cracked whirlpool bath tub and the guy who came to my place was very nice and professional. So why I  am giving only 1 star. The guy gave me an estimate of almost $2000 for labor to replace the bath tub only  plus the cost of the tub according to choice. Wow....   $$$$ . He told me that he will remove the wall, remove some of the tiles on the floor and will make another hole on the ceiling in order  to have some access on the tub since my tub is iin the second floor. He told me that there is no way to fix this kind of tub but  to replace it and he is only a plumber so It will be my problem to return the wall (he cannot promised if he can save the marbled wall), fix the floor and ceiling. He will also replace my shower faucet because according to him it is outdated. The house was built 2006. Overall my estimate to repair this tub will range from 3000 to 5000.   I called another plumber for second opinion and thru the phone the second plumber who was so honest  directed me to the surface specialist who can repair my tub instead of  replacing it. To cut the story short, my tub is now repaired. You can not even notice the difference  for $250 only without the hassle of looking for repairman who will fix the wall and floor. $250. Vs $3000 -5000 that was a big difference. They don't care how much you will spend or save on the repair. All they care is rip off your saved money. I will not give even 1 star for their  poor business practice.The reason behind the low rating is the price they charge to come and look to see what the problem is.I called last night which was starting to get someone to come here and look to see why my tub it flooded when I took a shower she said she would have someone here within 30 minutes and I said no wait till Sunday she asked me what time i said after 10 she said ok from 11 to 12 the technician will call you 15 minutes out so you know he will be on his way. so when the technician arrived he spent around 10 minutes with the shower discovered it was nothing might just been a fluke with my shower curtain and then proceeded to tell me well since I'm going to charge you a $149 you might as well get this package for them to look over all my plumbing and to come back service my AC and heater in the appropriate months On their website they list that they come out and do free inspections for estimates but since there was nothing to be done so I guess that's why they charged me but a hundred forty nine dollars for 10 minutes of your time that's ridiculousAvoid this company like the plague. Total salespeople and nothing more. My parents had the unfortunate occurrence in dealing with this company after their water softener system bit the dust. These guys charged my parents over $1,500.00 to install a NuvoH20 home water system. Base price listed on the NuvoH20 water website: $649.00. http://www.nuvoh2o.com/nuvo-systems/nuvo-home-system.html?options=cart . My parents are from another country, in their 50s and 60s, and don't speak English very well and as such unfortunately agreed to the installation. After telling me about it after the fact, I was beyond livid and angry that this company quoted them that price. There's nothing my parents can do about it now, but hopefully this review can inform some other people about how this company operates. I can't speak for any of the other reviewers, but from my perspective I 'd recommend people stay away from this company.I would. like to believe that your company is good and honest because of the customer's positive reviews.  As i mentioned on my first review your repairman told me that there was no way to repair it but to replace it. It was good that I looked for the second opinion.i called to get someone to come over and give me an estimate on fixing a leaky pipe in my wall.  Instead I got a drunk employee who smelled rank of booze and cigarettes that I had to lie to in order to get him out of my house. I thought about calling the office to complain, however what good would it do seeing as how the company employs this type of character. Birds of a feather, ya know?Came out and repaired a kitchen sink disposal. He did not have one with him and he ran out and picked one up.  He was back in about 20 minutes, safe in assuming he ran to a Home Depot or Lowe's for a new one. Total $387. I asked and called a few times for a receipt for it, since I'm sure they disposal unit itself has a warranty or some kind- told me they would send it. Just kept sending a copy of the bill. That I had already, when I paid it in full at the end of the service.Terrible customer service!!!  Yes they give a free estimate, but if you aren't committed to using their service they will make your problem worse in an attempt to force you, out of desperation  to hire them.   We are dealing with faulty plumbing installation and lawyers and we had what was a minor drip and after their "free" estimate we ended up with running water under our sink.  Called back and they in essence blamed us!  The receptionist placed us on hold while the plumber told her we had towels and a bucket under the sink!...ummm yea!  That's why we called a PLUMBER!Yes, Precision Plumbing did call my mother, Sharon, 15 hours later, not 15 minutes like the receptionist said they would!  If we had waited for a return call and their offer to come back, a leaky pipe would have been the least of our worries.  The tech may not have intentionally made our problem worse but it was worse when he was done assessing the problem,  his attitude was a bigger issue and his unwillingness to come back and fix the problem then or at least within a reasonable amount of time, at that point we would have had to have it repaired and not wait for the lawyers.  So yes you did miss the opportunity to provide at the very least good customer service and will not be given another chance to "earn" my business.Crazy if you call this company. 8am to 9am appointment never showed up.

When me and my friend signed up, the manager (Raul 7674) didn't tell us about 2 YEAR CONTRACT. So now we want to close the membership need pay almost close to $800.

Try: Mashed Potatoes, Crab Salad, Fuji Apple Crumble DessertVery disappointed overall by experience

To manager and he came over and said you should ask for change or we wont give to you.since when and where a diner would not get right change unless he or she asks for it.how dare manager say to custom he or she SHOULD ask for right change if customet want right change!!!! Worst dining experiece in 50 years!!!!Having yelp delete bad review?.worst dining out experience when i was told by mgmt that ' you should ask for correct change if u want ' meaning we will short change you otherwiseThis was our second visit. We were told the wait would be 15-20 minutes for seating at a Teppanyaki table (Thursday night in December.) The wait was actually around an hour, as the previous Teppanyaki diners stayed long at the table to visit. (We asked hostesses to offer to move them to a regular table to enjoy their conversation; hostesses declined.) The waiting area directly faces the restrooms; the sights and aromas are gross and disgusting. The service was slow and inattentive. The sushi, merely ordinary, arrived only moments before our dinner was ready, after we had inquired of its whereabouts three (3) times. Our chef, Tony, was friendly, entertaining, and competent. The rice and shrimp were amazing; the veggies overcooked; the filet adequate, at best; portions, huge; prices, over the top. My rating is one star, only because of the chef. Although our first visit was better than the second, I won't go back. There are many restaurants in Phoenix with better service, food, ambiance, and prices.Ok- I can't even write a review on the food because the service was so bad!  We sat for 10 minutes and was not acknowledged/when we left,I said we were leaving because no one talked to us for over 10 minutes!! They replied,"have a nice night!"  OMG!The service is slow and there are always at least 2 waiters standing around watching tv instead of working.Our waitress tried to be nice but it took 20 minutes just to get a draft beer.This location is close to my work which makes it a very convenient place to meet up with coworkers after work. I have never been impressed with this locations service. The first time I went it was during happy hour on a Sunday. Most of the group ordered drinks and sushi which took quite some time to receive. I ordered a ramen which took the longest out of anything to cook. It's noodles and soup so it can't take 30 minutes. Unfortunately my first bite was quite the disappointment when I could tell that the noodles had definitely been over cooked and turned to mush. We asked to speak to the manager but was told she was out sick so there was nothing they could do about our inadequate service. The second time I went here was a Thursday evening. Our waitress seemed incompetent and could not get anyone's order right. Other employees of the restaurant were just standing around or watching the basketball game one. I also overheard inappropriate banter between some of the employees. One of my friends ordered a beer which took 30 minutes for it to finally arrive to the table. It only arrived because I walked directly to the bar to get it from the bartender. At the end of this experience since we waited so long for our food and there were so many mix ups with our meals and checks we requested that our food be happy hour price since we didn't start eating until after happy hour had started. The only good thing about this place is the location.The hostess is terrible.  She said she can seat us within 30 mins.  90 min. later she still hasn't done so.  But 3 groups came in a were seated right away.  We had a party of 8.  I understand the others may have had a reservation but when a table of 8 opens after we waited for over an hour, why would you not seat us!.  We asked for the manager.  She was less than helpful.  She wouldn't even listen to what we had to say.  This is a very poorly run restaurant.  Later when I asked for something for a burn I received from one of the chefs throwing around grease while cleaning the grill, they couldn't find the ointment.  Finally the bartender who witnessed the whole mess all night went into the kitchen to find it.  The manager never came out to see what had happened or to apologize.  She is so not management material.  I can't understand how she got the job.  Needless to say we will never go to that restaurant again!This place is terrible. Seriously $20 for teriyaki chicken that was dry and over cooked no sauce. Service is slow and friend still waiting for sushi after 20 minutes. I will not recommend my friends or anyone else to this place ever! Stay clear and save your money!Stay the fuck away from this place, especially during lunch. Poor service, inconsistent food quality. I've left unhappy more times than I've left happy. Do yourself a favor, go next door to PF Changs.My family and I always have a good experience when we go here, and we go about once a week. It's a little pricey, but that's no secret with this place.

If you're going to advertise all you can eat sushi, then you give people all they can eat sushi!! Simple? Not for Ah Sin. There are SO many better places in Vegas.I was thinking of places to review, and though 'ah sin'... i need to warn people!  Apparently the 77 yelpers before me all tried to warn me; wish I had used Yelp prior to this trip to Ah Sin.My friends and I got suckered into the "deals" that you see on the banners walking along the Strip, $20 for all you can eat!  On the strip?  We're in a rush to hit up the clubs later that evening and we want sushi?  We wanted to go to Makino's off the strip, but didn't have time, so we forego there and decide to try out Ah Sin thinking "it can't be THAT bad if it's on the Strip in the Paris, Paris hotel!"Bottom line, this should be "Ah Shit" because that's how my ENTIRE group of 8 people felt.  The sushi is small, anti-delicious, and they put on sooooooo much rice!  The tuna I had tasted horrible and not fishy at all, and overall, the quality of food was horrible.  The $20 AYCE is for a shorter list of menu items you can choose, and there's a more expensive $30 AYCE menu which is more extensive, and I believe it also includes AYCD Soju which is nice.Sound good? Don't fall for it.  When it came to the bill, handing over that $50ish to cover me and my girl was so upsetting and frustrating that it literally and metaphorically left a bad taste in my mouth...Paris, why???I hate to be the one to kick em while they're down but AVOID AVOID AVOID. Came here with a party of 5 girls, once of which is a Diamond member at this chain of hotels. 45 minutes to get the table (quite alright, we had no reservation and it was packed w/ other naive folks such as ourselves), so needless to say, come time to order we were STARVING. Call me impatient, but after an HOUR of waiting for the AYCE food to arrive we became a little pissy. Those that had ordered off the regular sushi menu had already received and dined and were waiting on us. When something finally did come out it tasted like something that has been sitting in my fridge for a week...what did they wait for every other restaurant in towns leftovers? The food was horrifying, the service was terrible, If my choice was to eat here or starve to death, i would start prepping my will immediately.So I just started using Yelp but I was reading about places in vegas and decided to write a review to warn people about Ah Sin.  We went last September and it was slightly chilly at night with just a skirt and tank on.  We walked up and asked to be seated without being asked if we wanted outside or in.  We were drawn in by the all you can eat sushi and I was so excited that I didn't realize we were being seated out side.  I complained that I was cold and would like to sit inside and instead they put a table cloth around my shoulders. A TABLE CLOTH! The sushi tasted like crap and my boyfriend had food poisoning from it all night so we missed out on half of our trip.  DON'T GO TO AH SIN!We were lured into this place by a big surly convincing man in a suit that promised us the world (actually he just offered all you can eat sushi).The restaurant decor is pretty nice. I'll give it that. However I had the unfortunate experience of sitting next to a big table of young 20 somethings that were just way too giddy to be in vegas. Management didn't do anything about the profanity, constant yelling, etc. etc. Also, there's no bathroom in the place! You have to walk outside to the casino floor to use the bathroom. What's up with that? It's not exactly close by either.Don't confuse all you can eat sushi with a sushi buffet. You're seated at a table here and you can order from a limited variety of choices. The order is made fresh and brought to your table. However the problem is none of the choices are particularly interesting. If you have intentions of eating a dragon roll, volcano roll, etc. you're stuck eating basic tuna and salmon rolls for the whole meal.It's been a long time since I was lured to this place by the sweet location and AYCE sushi, but I can still recall it was one of the worst meals I've ever had.Would have put 0 star if it was allowed.  I'm Chinese and this is NOT Chinese food...maybe not even food.Arguably the worst restaurant on the Strip.  Expensive and just NOT GOOD.  Skip it, if you're in Paris, LV go to Mon Ami Gabi instead!If I could give no stars I would. Word to the wise, do not eat here, especially their tempting sign for AYCE. It was so gross I practically, actually threw up the food. Their sushi is not fresh and since we sat near the kitchen, we learned that their sushi has been sitting out all day waiting for ayce customers.Ah HAH! NABBED! It took me forever to find this because I forgot the name of this crap chute. Lock and load. This place is bologna. Such a shame as the ambience is beautiful. My problem is theyre disguised as fine-dining, charge you accordingly, and it's more like a $5 AYCE place. We did the all-you-can-eat sushi thing. God awful sushi, an inch below Costco or grocery store sushi. If you don't really know sushi, this will suit you just fine, but for me? Abomination. Our group had 8 people and the bill was an outrage considering the bad quality of food. They brought out our sushi faster than Denny's. Scary notion. All pre-made stuff. The biggest sign of sushi failure?? PINK ginger.Losers :o(This is the ONLY poor performer in the Wynn.Every casino has a 24-hour restaurant where you should be able to get a reasonably priced plate of eggs at a odd time.The first time we came, they had at least half of their tables open but would not seat us. We left. We came back at 7am, and they took 30 minutes to make breakfast dishes when we were the only ones in the restaurant.I know the Wynn is known for it's fine dining so their corned beef hash should be the best I've ever tasted. And for $12, it really wasn't. Did someone put lemon juice in it?!The Wynn, just fell short in EVERY aspect...Terrace Pointe Cafe included. I would write a review of this place, but Genevieve M said exactly what I would. I'm surprised you gave it 2 stars Vieve

-so I walked back out the door.I just bought a 2012 Challenger SRT 392, with a Procharger Supercharger..and I have about $2,500 to play around with for sound system upgrade.

My husband and his friend had a foot long chili dog yesterday and both of them got sick.  My husband had a somach pain and nausea all night, he couldn't sleep at all.  I'm not sure the food was old or it's a food poisoning.  Hope he will feel better soon but today is a super bowl night.The kids the have working at this location don't give a shit about you or your food screw this place. One of them looked all tweeked out. No go!Second time I go there and they mess up my order....asked for no onions on burger and got onions again....the sticker for no onion is even on there....bread was stale and quite frankly when I called to complain no one answered there phone....is rather pay at another place for better service and quality..Over cooked no flavor chicken or a glob of crap cheeseburger your choice. Made my once every 6mos or so trip get sucked in by those commercials and it's always garbage only thing I ever get that's good here is the slush drinks!My husband and his Buddy played golf here today. They just over seeded, they should have informed them before they played. According to my husband they had just over seeded and it was like putting on Shag Carpet.  Also the Golf Carts were VERY Loud.  He wont be going back there any time soon!Course was in horrible condition, the back 9 tee boxes fairways and greens were like hitting on concrete. I don't believe that water has been turned on in the back 9 or just forgotten about. Do yourself a favor pay a couple of dollars more and play one of the courses just north of this one.Beautiful golf course very bad customer service had two threesomes playing it wasn't before the 10th hole that we were kicked out of the course we will not be returning to this establishmentThis is by far the worst nail salon I have been too. The lady that helped me was so rude right from the beginning and was throwing my hands around and pinching my fingers for no reason while she filed them! any time I said anything she would begin to speak to the other worker which I'm guessing was about me. Once she started cutting the nails to the length I wanted to I let her know about a nail that was slanted to the side so if she could fix it before she began to add the acrylic and made it harder to fix, she yelled at me and told me if I wanted the nails her way or not at all so I told her I didn't want them anymore. So she began to take the nails off with the worse attitude and was doing it so rough it was hurting me. Throughout the entire process I was nothing but nice. I have never experienced such bad customer service in my life. If you're looking for a good place to get your nails, this is not it!Bad bad bad service! Came here to get my acrylic nails taken off. I have a few issues with this place. First off the customer service was terrible. The entire time I felt rushed and I couldn't understand anything that was being said other than a few words. During the time that I was getting my nails take off I was in a lot of pain and it felt like they were going to take my entire natural nail off, literally! I told the lady that it was hurting and she didn't stop. It hurt so bad that I had to pull my hand away since she didn't stop. When she took the acrylics off she left my nails completely broken. I've had my nails done and taken off quite a bit and it has NEVER been like this. To top it off instead of the $10 that it was suppose to be, the lady tried to over charge me more than $10 extra for a service I never agreed to! I was like no there is no way! All I asked for was to get my nails taken off and you said it would be $10! Anyways.. I would recommend not going to this place EVER!! This is my honest opinion and review.Yeah so the fam and I were looking for a new pizza place and we came upon Brothers Pizza....ummm yeah Im not gonna beat around the bush on this one, DO NOT go here it was the worst pizza ive EVER had in my life, Im not even sure that what I was eating was pizza because it sure didnt taste like it,the wings were just ok but the mild "sauce" was more like mild oil! As soon as the hubby brought the pizza out to the car I knew there was something wrong because it smelled really wierd..not like pizza smells,The cheese is horrible im not sure if it is cheese or what it was but it didnt taste like cheese and it was like lumpy, gross! we asked for 1/4 peperoni because the hubby doesnt eat pork and I do so I always get a few pieces with peperoni on it,but they gave us 1/2 peperoni so my hubby couldnt even eat that much.....not that he wanted to anyways! I will never go back here again and I dont know why any of these other people gave good reviews for this place, they eirther have never had pizza before in their lives or they are on crack....take your pick!Ok so I don't usually post things on sites like these but this by far was the worst experience for pizza in my life. My pregnant sister was craving pizza so I decided to find one near by, Brother's Pizza.  I am not even gonna go into prices or anything. Straight to the point there we're American Cockroach, according to google they " COCKROACHES crawl through dirty areas and then walk around our homes tracking in lots of bacteria and germs. They can contaminate food by shedding their skins. Their cast off skin and waste byproducts are allergens that can trigger allergic reactions, asthma and other illnesses, especially in children. " -- with SAID GROSS! I had to come back to work feeling like these cockroaches are crawling over me and in my tummy.We went to Brothers because we heard the place was great... Not so much. Ordered wings and the Brothers special pizza.  The wings were drowning in sauce but tasted good. They made the decision to replace the green peppers with an over abundance of red peppers without asking us. Since I don't care for sweet red one on my pizza , it was awful.   Also the menu stated that it has extra cheese, more true it looked like less cheese and hardly any meats just a ton of red peppers and onions. Won't return and threw away 3/4 of the pizza.I used to work there and quit because there so unsanitary they smoke while prepping the kitchen the mix fresh lettuce with gross older lettuce to save money this place may make you sick avoid the lettuce and cheese.  Wings are okay they tend to over cook them.Went in as soon as they opened and asked for the LG pizza and 20 wing special. They told me right away that it will take 40 minutes because they had to start the oven. Which pizzeria starts the oven at the time of opening? I sat down and waited. After 20 minutes my pizza was out but only the pizza and no wings. I was told with an attitude that I didn't order the special. I clearly ordered the special when I walked in. Than I realized that they obviously didn't like me ordering the special as soon as they opened. Rather than trying to rectify the issue they were arguing with me and showed attitudes. The pizza and the wings weren't all that good either. I am from New York, there are better NY pizzas in the west valley. Never going back againWe have ordered Brothers Pizza more than a few times and it was always good. The pizza dough was good and the wings were big and fresh. The last two time we ordered from this place the wings were very small, dried out, overlooked and the sauce was thin like water. Our pizza last night had dough a steak knife couldn't cut through easily and my fiancé and I both got gassy and sick. We are not sure if it was the pizza or the wings but we will never order here again. Management must be cutting corners and getting cheap resulting in crappy food products.I decide to order pizza tonight from here for the first time bc it had good reviews. I am from NY and enjoy a good pizza but unfortunately I didn't get to try the food bc I didn't order from them. The first girl was nice but unfortunately couldn't add and 1 large pizza w/ 3 toppings and 40  wigs was $57. so then another girl got on and said sorry that's  not right so I said okay how much do I owe you. As she was talking I heard a man yelling at her than he gets on the phone and said "you been on the phone for 30 min what can I get you mam! I started to talk and he interrupted me and said" Mam Mam, what do you want?!"  So I said "Nothing, you're  Rude, I want nothing" and hung up. That was horrible service, I have never experienced such rudeness when ordering food n I'm from NY!No Way.  Was excited to see the ratings here on Yelp!  but really guys.... NO WAY.  I am from Atlanta Georgia, so i guess my views are skewed. First impression is GREAT inside the building.  Nice and clean, staff in tuxedos.... water never goes empty, and they provide hot tea at lunch.  Prices were great, selections the same.  Didn't offer Hot and Sour soup at lunch, only egg drop.  I ordered the Sesame Chicken based on the recommendations here.  OK..... here we go.... Big plate, complete with BIG egg roll, 2 cream cheese fried pastries, lots of rice and huge serving of chicken in sauce.  Egg roll was inedible.  Laden with some spice like cinnamon, but don't think it was cinnamon...  I took one bite and couldn't eat anymore.  The rice was normal.  Chicken was best described as canned chicken.  It was tough and not normal.  I would have to say this is the first time i left 1/5 of an egg roll, 1/2 rice and 1/2 entree.  Waitress asked if i would like to box it up and i politely declined.  I will not be back and scratching Wong's off the list to try.We tried eating the food but it was just like trying to fry water, it's a YIKES and Eeks! Methinks not!We also got the same service as Yelper Susan D. We got the impression that we were a bother coming in but we got that treatment from two women working there. But I did get a smile from the one woman when she saw we stopped trying to eat and left almost all our food and she offers boxes I say no then she says, "YOU NO LIKE" I just smiled back and that is when I got the smile or maybe she was holding in laughing not sure.I will say I did like the hot tea we started out with and my husband got the $3 extra soup , egg roll , crab puff add on . My husband thought the soup was good and the egg roll was crispy . I ate the crab puffs and they were fried nice and the oil seemed fresh I thought the crab puffs were better than most places because they almost looked like crabs . At this point the service didn't bother me because I thought the food would be good .I ordered the spicy eggplant with chicken and I don't know how it was prepared but the chicken was minced unseasoned  hard and dry , the chicken was NOT EDIBLE . The sauce was not spicy it was like they dumped egg drop soup (with out the egg) over the chicken and stir fried eggplant. The thick chicken soup or sauce didn't taste good it seemed house made but it seemed like they didn't use any aromatics or salt or pepper in preparation and instead of good the sauce tasted like the way raw chicken smells also lacking any Asian Seasoning . Wong's was generous with the amount of eggplant in my dish but I couldn't stomach the sauce on it. I ate mostly steamed rice I think it was regular rice because it fell off my fork and didn't stick.My husband ordered the Szechan Beef and neither of us could eat that one either although it was very slightly better than the spicy eggplant chicken . The beef was tough but it was seasoned but not in a good way it was very salty and I think like you dumped soy sauce on it . The sauce tasted very thick like brown gravy mixed with soy sauce and vegetables were mostly celery and a few mushrooms .I know I already said enough but depending on where you sit in the dining room you might have a strangers butt near your face because half the dining room is raised and you might be next to that and who know, that person might need beano .I would NEVER SAY not to go here, You might like your food that way. Also I am guessing and Hope the REAL COOK wasn't on and they are normally better....I HOPEMy husband left hungry and stopped at the Hot Diggity Dog Cafe Cart that sets up at the Home Depot Parking lot on Bell and 67TH he said the $4. Chicago Style dog was really good and said he'd stop there whenever we get bad food out. I lost my appetite.Not even worth to try. No complaint for service and I respect that, but food quality was very poor. It felt like all microwaved food...specially when food comes to table in five minutes or less.This place used to be good. Food tasted old, got sick. Don't be fooled by the 4 stars, this is not a good restaurant. Like I stated before used to come in all the time but my last experience for dinner made me ill. Zero starsOn this particular night we were jonesing for some "good" Chinese dinner. This was the closest Chinese restaurant to our particular location, I should have kept looking. Take out dinner for four cost $60... $60! We got a subpar cashew chicken, two soggy orange chickens and overcooked shrimp in lobster sauce. Not only was the food not good and overpriced but they also forgot our rice. I have had very good Chinese food for a lot less money, I guess I'll just have too keep searching. I know some have had a good experience at this Chinese food restaurant and I am happy for them, I can only speak for my own personal experience. I don't know if I'll completely write this place off just yet since I haven't tried my old fall back, Kung pow shrimp. But I'll tell you this, give me a bad Kung pow shrimp and you are dead to me!I'm very dissapointed. They must have changed cooks. I have been here 3 times. I thought that the food was excellent. Last night every thing we ordered was too salty.The garlic chicken,  was not prepared right.The manager did not remedy our compaints properly. I will not come back.Been here for years but they can never get it right. Ask for fried rice with your meal they give you chicken fried rice. Its all thrown in in a hurry. The girl at the front desk doesnt speak english sooo how do expect  to get it right.  Dont get me wrong the food is good but they just cant give you what you ordered.Rob Reviews

(Added via 'edit review" option not long after initial review)

I will never go there againHORRIBLE online customer service.  I would not advise anyone to order anything online as the customer support team is anything but knowledgeable or helpful.  I cannot for the life of me get a manager or supervisor on the phone.  The rest of the staff responds to email but with no useful information;  where is the effective communication between staff and managers?  Where is the ownership of responsibilities?? Where is customer satisfaction and WHO IS TRAINING THEIR STAFF??It is so bad, I am actually making a review on YELP.The worst service EVER!!!!  The staff working there , will not mention names although did speak with regional manager about incident, are the worst !!! Mean! Horrible service ! Demeaning ! Racist! Anti Semitic behavior ! Nazi behavior! If they see you enter, and God forbid you forget to bring your Louis Vitton purse, and your Chanel shoes etc... You are in for a treat of the "pretty woman" experience! The " you don't belong here look"! I have been shopping at pottery barn for over a decade , Santa Monica store  and biltmore store! This one at Scottsdale quarter has been the worst ever! Laughing at your face from the sales woman while expressing your concern about being poorly treated is one of the insult amongst other! I've contacted the corporate office abs waiting to hear back. The only person so far who was nice enough to care was the district manager who took the time to talk and listen with care! Although , she offered products for me to keep at no charge for all the inconvenience, I couldn't keep them! I so not need free or charity, although I appreciate the gesture, all I need is for the store staff to be held accountable and responsible for their horrible behavior and action and I will need a serious apology! Until then, will not step a foot there ever Again!!!This is the first time I tried Rita's ice cream. There is absolutely nothing special about it.  I actually threw it away after the third spoon since I found it gross. Customer service is below terrible. I asked the two teenagers that worked there (a Latin American dude and a white girl) if I could have a sample of the ice cream and they rudely said: "No. We don't do that here". I asked them a number of questions about the ice cream that they couldn't answer. In summary:

Table was dirty when we sat down and we asked if it could be wiped off. It never was

Buyer be warned do not purchase from this store or you might end up wasting your money on some worthless piece of $#!%.By the way, I wouldn't even give this place 1 star if at all possible.I spoke with someone over the phone.  I didn't catch his name, but they lost my business just because of the rude way he spoke to me.  He was very unprofessional and tried to make me feel stupid, I was as nice as could be and what he said and the way he said it was uncalled for.I am warning all potential consumers to beware. I purchased a charm from this establishment via ebay. When I received the item, it was of inferior quality and not what they described in their listing. I contacted them to discuss returning it, to which they agreed. I paid the cost to have it shipped and receive an email from the post office as iy was delivered. They stopped responding to my messages inquiring about my refund. Eventually I had to call the store and this is when it gets interesting. I Asked to speak with a manager. The person answering refused. He refused to even identify himself so I would know who I was talking to. When I inquired about the status of my refund he couldn't tell me when it would be processed (it takes about 3 minutes to process a pay pal refund online) When I told him that was unacceptable. He told me he didn't have to kiss my ass. He mumbled some other profanities before hanging up in my face.  WOW! What unprofessionalism. I vowed to make it known every where I went to Advise others not to shop at this store with inferior quality jewelry and horrendous or non existent customer service.I have NEVER been spoken to so rudely over the phone. I ordered a Uhaul truck from them which was not a good experience. We scheduled it for a particular time and there wasn't an employee that could help us with our reservation. Our waiting for the made us late for the delivery. I called to make them aware and a gentleman talked to me so rudely and use words like "piss." Not cool! And they he hung up on me!! Trust me if they treated me like this over the phone imagine how the jewelry experience would be. Don't patronize this business, poor customer service is the first indicator of a bad business. They don't value their clients.During the lunch hour, there is no one available to notorized for customers. The customer service is going downhill.

I advised that I had tried to call but keep getting a message "If you know your parties extension please enter it now or if you need to hear ur options press 0 I would hit 0 and it would ask for an extension. After several attempts  of calling I booked on line.The guy told me there was no appointments that day , I said but I booked 1 on line he told me oh the online does not mean there's appointments, that does not match our real time schedule.(really then why do appointments online) also the online booking says u will get a confirmation call with in 24hrs well I never got a call.

DON'T COME HERE FOR ANY SERVICE.

- Don't get suckered into the TIME SHARE garbage. They told us they'd give us cheap tickets to Cris Angel and the gondola ride and it would only take 2 hours of our time.  After 5 hours, I had to get a  little mad and loud and demand our tickets and a ride back to our hotel. They wasted our entire afternoon. If they'd have told us it was 5 hours up front, I would have just paid for the tickets to the show.  FYI: ALL THE HOTELS HAVE THE TIME SHARE SCAMMERS IN THEM, SO BE CAREFUL!!!!!!

First of all I heard so many great things about their chicken fried steak (I'm a huge lover of this).  Unfortunately it was very chewy & grisly.  I had much better at Ihop.

Oh, and to the girl on the phone... I snapped a picture I'm posting below. I really hope you figured out what your after work plans were.Went in last night and was not even acknowledged while having to wait to place my order. There was one person on drive thru, one person on the main register, and one customer ahead of me in line. It is not that hard to look at someone and say "I'll be right with you." Lex B.'s review has a picture of one of the employees who ignored me (seems we went on the same night).I agree with the comments that this Starbucks has the slowest customer service. They also habitually ignore customers. I used to go here every morning on my way to work because it is just down the road from where I live. But after consistently getting under filled drinks and bringing it to the baristas attention 3 times, and the manager's attention twice, I decided to stop giving this Starbucks my attention. The baristas (let's just call them what they are...SLOW coffee makers) constantly chat among themselves, and the manager (the same manager seen chatting on the phone in a previous post) is right there and not addressing any issues. Worst Starbucks ever.After 3 visits there, I went to get a second opinion. The second opinion stated my eyes were not overly dry and I should not have been using the steroid drops, that different contacts work for different people and if I wanted to stick to the ones I liked that was fine (they told me to try their recommended brand), and that my prescription was off.Further more, while they offer safety glasses, they do not keep up in terms of new styles and frames.Very disappointing. Huge TMad fan and went to the Wigwam location for the first time in years. Ordered a chicken teriyaki plate with extra meat which is what I always order and the Durango/w.springs and Maryland location.. The meat portion was average at best and had 2 bones in it, and they didn't give us the side salad. Will not be visiting that location again.Poor service and the girl at counter tried to say I could not use the restroom! Don't you have to have a wash facility at a restaurant??? Health violations here!2 weeks ago ordered takeout at the wigwam and pecos store in henderson nv. they forgot our little tiny cup of macaroni salad. called back and they said we can get a free one on our next order. so called up to order tonight and the manager marco tells us that when they forget people's food, the policy is to throw away the note after 1 week that says what people are owed. so over 1 little cup of salad, they lost are business for good. beware, you must double check your bag before you walk out or they will happily pocket your money and save the food.The other locations are a lot betterMoney hungry place I will never go back to this location all they care about is tips if you don't tip then they throw you your food like a dog. I said thank you have a good day and get looked at like i'm dumb. Anyways i'll spend my money somewhere else! To go orders do not need to tip! Even for here! Tipping isn't a necessity, if they tip it's because you deserve it not because the jar or customs.Rude staff, no greeting or even a hi! Little girls running the register need serious training in customer service but then again it's a fast food joint so one shouldn't expect excellent serviceThe service at this location has gone downhill considerably over the past few months. I wanted to buy some large boxes from them and the young associate at that counter refused to sell boxes to me...it was only after my insistence that they sold me a cardboard box! Incredibly rude.In the future I will frequent other locations. Absolutely unprofessional.Really? A free standing UPS store and you can't handle accounts nor carry shipping labels... This is not the only UPS store that doesn't do it either which is really frustrating... They refer me to go home and do it from my computer, it makes no sense why the store can't have the capabilities to do so.Keep in mind, this is only my experience. I use this location because it's close to my supermarket and my home. I WILL NOT use this UPS store again. From the very beginning I've noticed a general unfriendliness that seems to stem from the owner. Curt, snide replies to easy questions and a general feeling that they could care less about your business. Ok, you win. Taking my business elsewhere.If I could give 0 stars I would. Came in to make 30 black and white photocopies on regular paper. Got charged an arm and a leg. The rude clerk arbitrarily charged an obscene amount and had no remorse. Prices aren't posted and you can't independently utilize the copy machine. Will NEVER go here. Please save your time and money and go some where else.dont waste your time or money on this placeI cant stand going inside this Speedee mart! It always reeks of cigarettes! It never failswhen I need to go inside one of the employees is smoking right at the door! I have gone and went for the last time today! Ill drive to the Chevron next time.The worst service Ive ever had in a gas station mini mart.  The woman who looks like a beast had a fit when I used Samsung pay in the store.   whats crazy is that I had used it the day before with no issues.  She was rude nasty and horrible to me, and I would suggest to anyone to stay away!  I even wrote to them about this but they didn't seem to care.  I had been going there for a few years now with my family and I wont be going back ever again.  The store had a sticky floor near the soda machines that they didn't seem to care about either.Walked in the store looking for recliners and a storage case for my DVDs and the first  guy I ran into was a guy in a suit behind the counter. Before I could finish asking my question, he interrupted me and told me to find someone else because he had too much things to do.I then went to another person, and asked who that guy was. He is the manager. In the whole store for the 30 minutes I was there, there were 3 other customers. There were 4 salespersons and 3 warehouse employees.With his people doing all the work, how much could he possibly have to do? A manager who can't designate responsibilities?

Way to many Filipinos who barely understand English, let alone you understand them.

HOW HARD COULD IT BE?!?! WE LITERTALLY SPELLED IT OUT FOR HIM:      Credit Card # 1234- $85.00

1) Our waitress forgot we were there and then forgot our drinks, then after getting our drinks, never refilled them again.

Not only is this place over priced but the portion sizes are a joke to say the least. I went there this past Saturday with my friend for a nice dinner. Neither of us are the cheap kind and never have an issue paying a high price for a meal worth it but I honestly don't think this place is even marginally decent. Let me start off by saying that our waitress might have been the dumbest person I have EVER met. I work at a restaurant so I do have sympathy for new servers, I understand its hard to learn a menu right away but when you've worked at a place for 2 weeks you should know what the dishes look like, how to pronounce them, and what ingredients are in them. You should not be allowed on the floor by yourself if you do not know these things. As for the food, we ordered the Spanakopites for an appetizer, they were the best thing we ate that night. I really don't have anything bad to say about them surprisingly. We also had an order of the Ionikes Melintzanes, which are eggplants with some "aromatic sauce", and a tiny piece of feta cheese on top. They were tasteless and not worth ordering since they also come with the main course, which our waitress neglected to tell us.  For our dinner my friend ordered the calamari, she asked if it was breaded and our waitress told her no which it clearly was, just showing how incompetent this woman we had was. Besides that it was served on a small plate with about 2 spoon fulls of rice and that horrible eggplant crap again. We were both joking about how small the appetizer portion of the calamari must be since the auntie size was so ridiculously small. I had one of the lamb dishes for my dinner. Honestly for 24 dollars I expect to get a piece of lamb that's at least the size of my palm, instead I got four overcooked medallions when I asked for my lamb to be cooked medium rare. Along with my lamb came some tzatziki and about 2 spoon fulls of rice. Never in a million years would I recommend this place to anybody I'm upset with myself for even going there. I should have known when I pulled up and the place looked like a dirty old motel to turn around. I honestly would have had a more satisfying meal at jack in the box. And my bill would not have been 100$.This place is a JOKE and nothing like authentic Greek food. If this is "the best" phoenix has to offer then I feel sorry for you.Christmas party at Greekfest. I had the steak and my wife had the salmon. I suppose it is possible that they were having a bad night but everything seemed nearly flavorless.None of it was good.The desert was about the only thing worth having.The atmosphere was great and the staff was helpful but they need to rework the kitchen if they want to stay in business.How this place stays in business I have no idea. Food is gross,  the place is empty all the time, small dishes, over priced. Service is totally crap. The parking lot  looks like a place one could get raped in. If you're handicapped you are screwed one parking space for the whole building. Pot holes everywhere, I can't believe they haven't been sued yet for the condition of the parking lot.I actually give this place 0 stars. food-wise, our meal was alright but service was pretty slow. after dinner we ordered tiramisu for dessert. after our server brought it out, we started to eat it, expecting it to be delicious, but no! the first thing we noticed was the disgusting bitter taste and then we took a closer look at the cake. right away we realized the cake was moldy! and I don't mean a little moldy - it was chock-FULL of green mold!!! of course we had already taken a bite because we were not expecting that, so we just started spitting it out like crazy, but could not manage to get the horrible taste out of our mouths. we told our server and he did not believe it at first so we insisted the cake was moldy. he took it away and brought us a fresh tiramisu, which we no longer had an appetite for. the owner came to talk to us when he casually apologized and did not offer to compensate by reducing any part of our bill. the only thing he did for us was give us some free biscotti, which we weren't the least bit interested in. on the bill we were charged for the full meal including the dessert. obviously NEVER going there again! and from now on when dining out we ALWAYS carefully inspect our food before taking the first bite!Maybe I caught this restaurant on a bad night, but my experience was terrible. Having no experience with Greek food, I expected my waiter to be knowledgeable and be able to speak English to recommend a dish. However, our server spoke broken English, was extremely touhcy feely and overly attentive. When we arrived there was not a soul to be found in this restaurant. When I asked what certain things were on the menu, I couldn't understand his responses and ended up randomly picking something. My meal was awful. I couldn't tell you what it was, but all I know is I will not be returning.I don't know how this is the best Greek in Phoenix.   This place is horrid.  I'm so use to fantastic Greek food in Chicago.   Everything didn't taste like it should.   Will not be coming back here.  Ever!  Don't wast your time.Well, I really wanted to love this place, but that was not the case. I had seen this restaurant featured on 'Check Please Arizona' and because it is within close proximity to my house, I thought I would give it a try. First, the appetizer platter was not great.  The hummus was below average, the tzatziki was ok, the babaganoush was not good at all, and the pureed pink caviar was too awful to stomach.  The platter was over priced and the amount of food was small.  Next, I ordered the shrimp saganaki, which was pretty good, but again, small and over priced ($14 for an appetizer of 5 shrimp). The pita bread was actually very good, however. My companion got a salad with smoked salmon and she didn't enjoy it at all and told the server she didn't like it and he said well that was the description on the menu... and did not offer her anything else or take the uneaten salad off the bill. Our drinks ran dry and the service was terrible.  I will not be back. Across the street is a place called cyprus grill, it is a lot better than this place.It was totally empty to begin with but that's okay went in for lunch with my daughter we were excited to try a new Greek restaurant! And we ordered several different dishes to share and one by one they got worse and worse we both think the health department needs to be contacted there was rancid walnuts in our salad the oil and vinegar bottle was covered with hair and dust like its been sitting for ever I have no idea what they do in that kitchen but it was disgusting to stay the very least! We started looking around and it  was very very dirty...  We had to send back even the salad which smelt like dirty sponges maybe they dryer the lettuce leaves off with a used wet towel in the kitchen...  it was so gross .We will never go back cannot even imagine that they're even still open!!!! :(

I told her I did not want anything. So she looked at her other customers and loudly said "I don't have any of that fruit loop [expletive] around here." She missed out on good business and good tippers that night.Been living here for many years.   Sports bar with betting, usually fun but since proximity to ghetto can become unpredictably dangerous even though staff tries their best. Owner cane in and yelled at his staff infringement of patrons. . Kind of unprofessional but it is a kind of a dive.  Not for family or dates.If you like drinking your beer in a bar that smells like piss and puke. While having a meth head come up to you and tell you he's gonna put a bullet in your head then this is the bar for you.HORRIBLE Customer Service!!!!! Carolyn and Nancy are inable to fix issues yet they want to refer you again! I got promises and nothing was ever adjusted---just another "We're Sorry"...yadda yadda

Staff was very friendly and personable (hence the 1 star). Our food took a bit over 20 minutes just to come out cold. Seriously the butter never melted on the waffle - never. The gravy was cold- not hot, not cool but cold! The cornbread was dry and I'm sure cardboard would have been more tasty. The chicken breast was moist although the batter came off as soon as you cut into it so I basically ate naked fried chicken. Asked for the manager but instead the owner came out. We explained very politely how terrible everything was. He offered to bring something else out and we opted for fresh waffles. I will admit when fresh and hot they are really good. Get the bill and for 2 cold chicken and waffle dinners with 2 soda waters and 1 ginger beer our total was $45..... Hmm the owner did hand us a card for a free appetizer on our next visit. HmmmmBlah... That is the first word that came to mind when I sat down at this place.  The record covers for the menu is completely lame and I don't quite understand the concept of letting customers write on the chairs. This is a poor, broke man's disneyland version of a touristy New Orleans wanna be juke joint.  And the food! How dare they not have bone-in chicken breast and decent hot sauce.  It should be against the law to serve fried chicken and not have crystal hot sauce!! The service was absolutely terrible, took over 10 minutes just to get drinks.  The mimosa was just a fancy glass of orange juice.  The food took another 25 minutes, and some how managed to come out cold.  The only thing I liked about this place was the small portions.  You definitely will not over eat... Unless you order two entrees.  All of the food tasted pretty average, the chorizo and salsa appeared to be store bought.  The chicken was not very meaty and over fried. So again ... BlahThis place just opened up near my apt and sent out a $10 gift card to people in close proximity. Oddly enough I had been having such a craving for chicken and waffles lately, it seemed like fate.First off, Fate I would like you to know that you're a jerk.My wife (who is a vegetarian) and I decided to try this place out even after reading the previous Yelp! reviews. I thought the record sleeves for menu covers was a cool idea, and it seems that they have added a better beer selection since one reviewer had posted his distaste of limited beer options. At first, the service was prompt. Our server took our drink order and brought the beer and waters quickly. She was not very knowledgeable when it came time for ordering our entrees, my wife wanted to make sure there was no egg in the veggie tacos, she did not know but she did go to the kitchen to check for us, and was very polite. We ordered:Veggie Tacos

*The fish and clam entree with fries and coleslaw was meh. Long John Silver's fish is better. The coleslaw had some awful seasoning, I threw it away after one bite. The clams were hard.*My intentention was to dine-in but the hot temps inside were too uncomfortable. I don't like sweat dripping off my forehead while I'm eating so I left my table and opted for take-out instead.

- Taste? Not so good. I can get better food elsewhere in below average restaurants.There are several better places in Vegas if you want to try out Indian food. Just avoid this one.So, I went here with one of my friends and I was really excited for the place. We are seated relatively quickly and it takes awhile to finally get menus from our waiter. That did not really bother me too much. But, it gets better. After ordering a series of dishes, it takes unusually longer than it should have. And, when we got our food, there was hair in the Chicken Tikka Masala and Rice. Yes - three hairs in each one. I was shocked and disgusted at this. We immediately inform the staff of this and receive a half-baked apology. But, they replace it with no problem. We get the food back, but now our Naan is cold. So, we ask for the Naan to be warmed or get new Naan. They oblige and we get new Naan. My friend takes a bite into his potatoes that we got and there YET AGAIN another hair. But, this one being smaller. I have never been to place that allows its cooks to leave hair in the food. It is very careless of them. I was expecting amazingly service, but was met with subpar service. I expected amazing food, but I was met with hair in the food. I will not be back here. Too gross to eat hair in the food. Foodies BEWARE!"We are easy on salt". The worst thing ever heardfrom a restaurant manager when complained that the food had no salt in it. I know it's a 4 star rated restaurant but its been more favored for family friends than new customers. Don't ever go during rush hours. They say they have indo Chinese fusion food.  Don't order any Chinese dish as it has no salt in it and the restaurant manner instead of apologizing say that they are easy on salt. I will never ever go back to this restaurant. This is my personal experience.One star, and there's good reason for it.Visited Mint today. I love Indian food. I grew up on middle eastern, Pakistani, and Indian food. The food here is NOT Indian, it's Indian made for American taste buds. Yaddaddaimean? But let's get down to the *critiQUE.*Service:

I went in there on a Friday night for abdominal pain it was busy filled with crackheads and homeless people after I was triaged I had to wait to be seen which is understandable because they were busy but after I was seeing IV was inserted ultrasound was done lab work was done at 12 a.m. Did not receive my ultrasound or lab results until 6:30 the next morning they did not address my pain did not address my nausea or my dehydration till 8 o'clock that morning.

STAY AWAY - STAY AWAY!I would definitely not recommend sofa mart.  Like some other people here, we were really excited by the selection and the customized sofa we bought.  We were told by the sales person that sofas are normally delivered in 30 days, but receipt said ETA of 45-60 days.  At 45 days, I started asking where my sofa was.  First, they couldn't tell me.  A week later, they said it would be delivered the following week.  This week, I was told they had no idea where the sofa was and could give me free shipping and said it may be delivered in 3 weeks.  If Dominos can figure out how to track pizzas in their delivery in 2015, then there is no reason why a furniture store cannot figure out where a sofa is in the production process.  Shady people and shady company!DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. I purchased a teal loveseat and a TV stand from them. Two weeks later, it was scheduled to be delivered. The guy shows up at my door and says he has my loveseat. When asked about the TV stand, he has no idea what I'm talking about. Then, I see him unloading the loveseat and it's the wrong color! Someone from corporate calls me that day and apologizes, and says that they're going to try to get the correct items to me that day and that they'll upgrade my TV stand because the other one was discontinued (how is that even possible if I was able to order it?!) and give me an additional $200 credit. Ok, that eased my mind a bit. But the day comes and goes and she never calls me back. So I call back the next day and the management who was in that day has no record of what happened, so I have to explain the situation again. That also means that if I didn't babysit them and call them myself, I bet my furniture would never be delivered. Then they tell me that IT'LL BE ANOTHER THREE WEEKS before I can get my items BECAUSE THEY WERE NEVER ORDERED. How does that happen?! AND he said that he'll have to reprimand the person I talked to the day before for telling me that I'll get a credit, because god forbid someone try to give good customer service at that place. Don't do it. Go somewhere else. Unbelievable.So many hustles! You MUST by their lock, even though I have a perfectly good lock. You MUST pay for insurance, which they don't tell you until they've kept you there for 30 mins, printed up the contract ect. Poor business practices!This place sucks so the $1 move in is actually like $60 once u add in all the fees and start ups. They have to "talk" to you about everything! You are supposed to be off the property by 9pm well im a woman moving alone and im not checking my phone every 2 seconds and accidentally didn't leave till 9:13pm and u would thing the world was going to end they are talking to me about being evicted when I just started renting the space the day before. Next they had to talk to me about a box that flew away while I was moving on a extra windy day like wth do

Then I look up and he's GONE.  He just left with no information or anything, and he knew I was there waiting to go to work!!!

2) "Hello"

For your own sake, I would definitely avoid Zada Jane's! The food was mediocre, the service was not friendly, and the wait was agonizing!What is wrong with this McAlister's? I really want to like it and I have tried it 3 times now - each worse than before.I have had a few of the sandwiches. Each time the bread was stale. They are really proud of their tea and charge a pretty penny for it. I got the New Yorker sandwich and there was some strange plastic string (or something) in my sandwich! My friend also had some 'unknown item' in his sandwich. On my last visit they were out (OUT!) of spuds and the unsweet tea was not fresh.I won' t be going back.......I had pretty much given up on dining at this Deli but my wife likes a few of their items so we gave them another shot if she agreed to order. Reason being is that you call them with a to-go order and automatically get put on hold....why would you not have the person that answers the phone be ready to take an order or transfer if need be...Sure enough after waiting about 5 minutes my wife had to call back and ask not to be put on hold and get the order started...funny thing they were able to take the order just like that....upon arriving at the store and going to to-go register it took another 5 minutes to even be acknowledged....I actually got barked at the time before for stepping up to the to-go register while other people were waiting....worst french dip I have ever had...it truly tasted like college cafeteria food...

3. never had good seafood beforeThe clam chowder is a pasty concoction that does not begin with bacon/salt pork, has bits of chewy rubbery clams, is tasteless, and overall would recieve a boost with the addition of a couple of cans of Snow's.The fried clams were horrible.  The only plus was that they were not strips.  They were actually "Bellied" clams but I use that term VERY loosely.  Price will always determine the quality when it comes to clams.  they cost a certain amount of money and there is no way to get around that.(unless of course youre not using Ipswich Clams)  There is no way that these are from Ipswich Shellfish Co.  The batter is terrible as well.  Why would anyone choose to fry a clam in anything but an evaporated milk/corn flour dredge??Any new englander who has had a good chowder from legal, Sole, etc. or a clam from the clam box, essex, or Ronnies knows that this place is not your fried clam destination.Wait!  i almost forgot.  the tarter sauce was horrible as well.  Can i give zero stars??If I could give negative stars I would. This place is horrid. I did have a good meal here - back in '85. When I was 4. When I thought tacky, dusty lighthouse decor was hip. I went back to Taylor's on that single memory and *surprise* they have not changed the decor since then. And I am pretty sure judging by the taste that they have not changed their inventory of seafood since then either. Yes, the food was SO bad that I DO NOT think they have changed the seafood inventory out of their freezer since 1985. You (and your wallet) are better off hitting up the Long John Silver's. You read that right - BETTER OFF AT LONG JOHN SILVER's.I have to agree with everything Chad F said.  The chowder was way too thick and tasted pasty and the clams in it were more rubbery than reasonable.  The only waitress in the place was vapid,she couldn't give directions to find the place over the phone despite being 40 something and having worked there for many years and inattentive, we had to wait for plates to be cleared despite being one of two table in the place with patrons at them.  The clams were tender but the tartar sauce was HORRIBLE.  I wanted to try the bellied clams, I love steamed mussels and clams as well as raw oysters but ended up pulling the very soft muddy tasting bellies off.  That can be discounted as a preference thing but bad tartar sauce is inexcusable as was that clam chowder.  I am a phoenix native but just because I am not from the east coast doesn't mean I don't know what good clam chowder, fried clams and tartar sauce should taste like and this was not it.  Honestly I think I would have been way better off with chowder from a can and fried clams from Long John Silvers and they serve chum.The food seemed reasonable but my husband and I ended up paying around $45.00, I had chowder and a clam lunch, he had a shrimp lunch with a bad iceburg salad.  The food was overpriced for the quality and terrible.  Save yourself a trip, don't go here.  Phoenix is huge and there are many other establishments that deserve what they charge, this place does not.Not good eats. Old, dusty, very tired decor. Food was so so. Needs Chef Ramsey or Restaurant Impossible....or something.  Even the lettuce was droopy. Time to pick this mess up and take it into 2012.How is this place still in business? We ordered the seafood stuffed fish and there was NO seafood in the Mrs Cubson's mushy stuffing at all! I looked for the crab, there was none. Not to mention the $15 dinner price doesn't even include salad, really?!?! They have not spent any money on decor or the quality of food for sure, so not sure why they think they can charge more than a chain for tasteless mushy food .Oh my where to begin... First, when we arrived we were quickly sat. We noticed the place had quite a few other patrons, but  wasn't close to packed. Any who, a busser came to take our drink order, 3 iced tea's. After about 10 minutes, we began to wonder if she had forgot about our drinks. Meanwhile, the lady that was our server kept buzzing by saying, "I'll be right with you". We noticed the hostess had sat another table in our servers section, which our server promptly greeted and began taking their drink order and going over their specials. Mind you this is 20 minutes after we had been sat, and still had not received our drinks nor spoke with our server. After another 5 minutes, the table next to us, that had came in 20 minutes after us gets their drinks. By this time, I am upset and got up to find our missing drink order. I notice our server is sitting near the front door, shooting the breeze with another server. I went back to my table, gathered my family and left. Upon noticing we were leaving, we could clearly hear our server say, "welp, just lost another table". I couldn't believe what I was hearing... They clearly do not value their customersSo needless to say, AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST. I ended up taking my family across the street to Abacus and tipped $20. Your loss Chowderhouse. F-HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!! Usually this place is decent. The decor is really old and needs updating, but service in the past has been OK; but this last time was the worst experience ever! It started with a horrible waitress, Cathy, who seemed completely determined to make our experience there a living hell. She came over and was rude from the start. She was loud and short talking with us and didn't seem to care what we wanted to order. She seemed completely put out when we put in our order for the Fish Fry. The entire experience in dealing with her was horrible. We had to constantly ask her for things, and she was rude in addressing us. She didn't even clear our plates at the end of our meal. When she dropped off candy with our check, I put them in my purse. She then told me that not all the candies was for me to take. Why on earth would you leave candy and assume they all were not for taking? She then loudly across the restaurant starting saying how "selfish" I was. She did this right in front of customers..and she said it another three times. At this point I asked to speak to the supervisor. The supervisor didn't even seemed shocked that I was complaining. Apparently Cathy had other complaints. I asked for the owner's information to complain about how horrible his waitress was. When I called the owner, Don, this morning, he just kept making excuses for her and telling me inappropriate things about her personal like and why she would have "attitude" based on what she is going through. I didn't want to know about her personal life or excuses. He also said it had been "awhile" since her last complaint, which means that other people had the same horrible experience I had. He did apologize and said that he would talk to her and not have her on Wednesday nights. In other words don't go to the restaurant on other days! That wasn't what I thought it would say to a upset customer that had a bad service. Don then asked me what I want done! I got the expression that this is a friend of his or they have a personal relationship outside of work. I left the conversation even more frustrated and disappointed. My family and I will never go back and are telling our friends and family how horrible our experience was. If anyone does want to try this place, despite this review, ask for waitress Mary Ann. In the past she was the best thing about this place.They probably have good fried food but anything else is just not good. Campbell's clam chowder is better!The first time that I went there, I was born and bred in Boston, the clams were bitter. When I went back, maybe a month later, I told the waitress, a brunette that's some sort of manager or has just been there a long time, about the bitterness..she didn't seem to care. The clams were slightly less bitter..somewhat more palatable, but, I know where they're coming from and it has nothing to do with serving great whole fried clams.Horrible is being nice.  Being from CT I was excited to find the article in Phoenix magazine about the whole belly clams.  They were bitter, strong and tasted old.  They were also soggy and seemed under cooked.  My wife ordered the special which was stuffed flounder with some sort of sauce.  It looked and tasted like it came from a box.  Again tasting strong and very fishy, obviously not fresh and home made.  Save your money and go somewhere else.  Long John Silvers would be better.Phoenix has very few decent seafood restaurants and years ago, we found Taylor's Chowder House.  The place was packed with seniors and families at almost any time we landed there.  The owner was from Rochester and Boston and knew seafood as well as anyone.  The New England Clam Chowder was made from scratch, full of clams with potatoes in a sea of white sauce. The Best in Phoenix for years.  They also had specials every day based on what came in fresh that day, whether Tilapia, Mahi-mahi, halibut and haddock or fresh Maine lobsters all prepared well at great value.                                                                                                         Yesterday, we went back to Taylor's and what a difference.  The old owner turned the restaurant to his cook who sold it and took it back.  When the current owner was a cook, he prepared the food meticulously; nothing fancy but very good meals made from scratch.  This visit that night was so different.  I am on a restricted diet, so I often share a meal with my wife.  We had a hankerin' for fried haddock and recalled the long, fresh filets coated in batter and fried to a golden brown.  The meal came with waffle fries and cole slaw. So, we ordered the fried haddock dinner split with a bowl of their hearty New England Clam Chowda.  The waitress brought a loaf of bread that looked like it had been served over and over.  Needless to say, it just sat there. Next, she brought our drinks, a glass of decent house Pinot Grigio and an Arnold Palmer.  The lemonade mixed in with the ice tea had a metallic taste and was horrid.  The waitress did notice it sitting there and offered to replace it but likely no different from the first,  Next, she brought the bowl of the famed chowder that gave the restaurant it's name and reputation.  What I remembered was nothing like that.  It was awful.  The broth was too thick with a flour taste, few clams and heavily over salted; what a disappointment to start.  A few minutes later the waitress brought us the two plates that she had split the meal already so each of us had a smallish piece of haddock, some steak fries and dish of cole slaw.  It looked inviting, to be honest until we tasted the haddock.  Replacing the large fresh piece of haddock were two smaller pieces of frozen haddock.  We had hoped for a light flaky fish and what we got was clumps of fish meat in fried batter that was too long in the freezer, possibly not even haddock.  I had a small portion of the haddock but it was so awful, I could not eat any more. I thought I would try the slaw instead but again, not up to standards.  The dressing was very bland that no amount of salt and pepper could improve upon it,  The steak fries, however, were cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and meaty on the inside.  The fries were the only thing I ate.  This was such a disappointment that it is a shame of how far off our original visit it had come.   The highlights were the wine and steak fries,, plus the friendly sociable waitress.  We noticed how small the dining crowd was on a Friday night and most were very elderly. I felt we were in God's waiting room.

-New menu that's not as enticing

they hose it down blow it off and your outta there.

*balcony area has its own bar and restroom. front viewing is the best view. not that great from the balcony. there were parts that we missed because we sat at the balcony area. staff engaged more with the audience who had floor seating.

I was wondering why she had a look of terror in her eyes as she entered the chapel. As soon as she saw me, our eyes met and everything seemed to be alright. We had a beautiful ceremony and reception. Bell service minus 5 stars. Our favorite hotel plus one star. Memo to bell staff, please be careful with wedding dresses, they mean everything to the bride.tl;dr Torn wedding veil, tears, MacGyver fix, married. Carry your wedding dress to the room yourself or risk disaster.Follow up: Tosha, after reporting this incident we were told to file a property damage report with security. After filing a report at the security desk in the casino we waited 3 hours in our room for security to take photos of the veil. We were given a $200 credit. After leaving our number, we were told that we will receive a call from a manager. It's been four days since our stay. Although you may be pleased with your own effort, we aren't.Upon checking at THEhotel we were aggressively sold an "upgrade" to a 2 bedroom suite at the Mandalay with the promise that the room would be "high up" in the hotel. The room turned out to be on the 6th floor, right over a roof full of air conditioners, almost directly above the tram stop, and just a couple of dozen feet from the busy ramp to the lobby. When we complained the hotel staff stated that there was nothing they could do because the hotel was full. The end.The suite it self was generally VERY dingy, dusty and shabby. The furniture was severely nicked, scratched, and gouged, some with the veneer splitting from age. There were big chunks of wood trim around the bathroom sink broken away, exposing the particle board underneath, and the trim was splitting from age and water damage. The trim around the bedroom door was falling off, not just loose, falling off, and a bedroom door handle came off in the hand of one of our party. Curtains were ripped, lamp shades were broken, there were dirty circles around door handles, and a big greasy circle around the peephole. We were somewhat encouraged that our windows still provided a partial view of the strip, but the windows were filthy.Our hypothesis is that this was a room that could never be sold for full price, so they "upgrade" guests and still have a very desirable room to sell to somebody else. It sounds like it should be illegal to me. After being rebuffed in a couple of attempts to complain one of our party suggested that we might get a comp if we keep complaining. My response was "with what, another stay at the Mandalay?" Big laugh, point taken. My position on the Mandalay at this point is: Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. It was a terrible experience, but at least I have the comfort of knowing that I can prevent it from ever happening again by not going back.My wife and I stayed here from September 13 - 16, 2013. We've been to Vegas twice before and enjoyed our stay at Mandalay Bay both times. This time was much different. On the 14th, our room was never turned down and we had to call the desk twice to get towels into our room. We weren't in our room very much that day and we didn't have the "do not disturb" sign on the door, so I'm not sure why we were skipped. When we checked in, there were only 3 large towels and 2 hand towels in our bathroom, which seemed pretty like a light quantity. I called about 4:30 get a few new towels so we could take a shower when we came back to the room before dinner. We got back at 6:00 and nothing had changed. We walked down to the desk to ask for towels and the woman at the desk was bewildered by my question "could we get a few new towels in our room". She looked at me like I had 2 heads. "How many do you need?" I said I didn't know, the usual. We just needed to get the old, wet ones out and get new ones in. "But how many do you need?" Whatever you normally do, I'm not really sure. We just need new ones because we don't have clean ones. Still confused, she told me she would have someone send some up. We got back to our room at 7 and it was finally stocked. Hand towels, face towels, medium towels and 11 large bath towels. We had a large stack in the bathroom and a large stack at the foot of our bed. Not sure if it was a joke or not. That night, after dinner, we ran a bath to relax. Bought a bubble bath ball, tossed it in and started the water. Water was filled, we turned off the faucet and there was a giant pubic hair floating on the top of the water. We hadn't been in the tub yet. It was pretty disgusting. Make me wonder what kind of cleaning is really going on inside the rooms. We never had an issue before, but this was a pretty disgusting find.The air conditioning was not working correctly during our stay. Every time we got back into the room, I had to turn it down lower to get it to work. It said 67*, but it felt like 80*. The air in the room and our hotel was very hot and stuffy for all 4 days. Others we talked to also remarked how hot the hotel was, so I'm glad it wasn't just my imagination. Our AC would work for a while when we were in the room, but then would shut off, despite not getting down to the temperature it was set at. The oppressive temperature in my room woke me up in the middle of each night and I had to turn on the AC to cool the room off so I could get back to sleep.This was a pretty miserable experience. I don't think I would ever stay at Mandalay Bay again.I am sad to say that i have to give Mandalay Bay a 1 star. This also extends to the "up scale" THE Hotel area. My friend and I treat ourselves to an up scale Hotel Vegas trip every year. This year we picked THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay. the problems began the second we stepped out of the car at the valet. The valet was kind and kept trying to get someone to come get our bags. I had to stay with the car while my friend went to check on. Finally i was able to join her and arrived at the front desk in time to hear the receptionist say that they had nothing available at this time which was around 12:15.  We booked the room weeks earlier and had requested an early check in which is suppose to be at 10AM, so imagine our shock when the only solution given was to check into a penthouse at the regular Mandalay Bay hotel for an extra $100 a night. As tempting as that offer was we  wanted to stay at THE Hotel. So magically there was a room available and we went up to the room to find a view of the ever beautiful parking lot. Now when we booked the room we made it clear that we wanted a Strip view because coming from the desert we don't want to stare at more desert. Upon booking we were assured that we would have a strip view.After my friend called back down to see about getting the room ORIGINALLY booked, she was informed that is was not possible not only now, but at all today or this weekend. My friend asked to speak to someone regarding changing our reservations to another hotel, soon after we were moved over to the strip side.Now once in our new room my friend called to ask the original receptionist she spoke with why she had stated that there was no way of changing rooms. However she was placed on hold to wait for her. Now when the receptionist got on the phone she immediately started speaking Spanish. now my friend has a Latin based last name but does not speak Spanish. Needless to say we were shocked by this behavior and assumption. I am happy that there are bilingual employees there to offer proper communication for guest, however, assuming someone speaks a language based simply on a last name is very inappropriate and unprofessional. After speaking to a supervisor about the entire experience , Chad offered a food and beverage credit. This was kind, but not the point.The next day we decided to go the the Bathhouse spa for a few hours. The ladies at the front desk were kind and polite. the problem we that the water at the spa began eating away at my brand new  swimsuit. I rinsed it off and continued my experience nude. Their towels were not big enough to accommodate my chest size, but i wanted to relax so i went about my private bath. Upon finishing my bath i went into the women"s locker room to shower. I saw a machine that instructs you to place your swimsuit in to prevent chlorine damage. Now this is suppose to ring out excess water, so i re-rinsed my still melting swimsuit and place it in the machine cup side down. I pressed down and the machine began shaking uncontrollably. So i release it and remove my swimsuit as instructed only to find it tore beyond repair. I* was so shocked i couldn't speak. My friend asked to speak to a manager and A woman came in asking if there was a problem.  Now i informed her that the spa began melting my swimsuit just minutes after entering the water and she stated, " I wouldn't know about that. I don't swim here." WHAT?!?!?  When i told her that there should be a warning about under-wired tops or something because this is crazy, the only thing she said was that i could talk to security.  She was already walking away when she explained i could file a lost or damaged item report. She never apologized. I never asked for compensation. I was just wanting to let her know what was happening at her spa and i was was treated with nothing but a "whatever" attitude. She never even introduced herself. We had to ask her name.

Worst service ever. Do not use CenturyLink !!!!Century Link is the worst!!! I don't understand how they are able to be in business.  I hope people research and read reviews before ever decide to switch over for cable, internet, and telephone. I made a very bad and very costly decision to switch from cox to century link.  First of all, do not believe the sales person.  They give you an amazing price to bundle.  you will later learn what was said on the phone will be extremely higher when you get the bill. The reason why I switched over is because i thought I was saving money!!! Instead I was paying more then 80 dollars more then cox.  The sales team will lie and lie.  First they lied about the price and second they lie about receiving a 300 gift card when you sign up. So please people don't be fooled!So we get the bill and of course you want to call and question about the enormous bill that you were quoted a substantial lower about when agreeing to switch over. Be prepared to be on hold for an hour!!! Then I realize I'm not the only one upset.  They are others like me who have discrepancies in their bill!!!Oh and the service itself is the worst. The cable will pause. We could be watching a movie and it will just pause. Imagine watching the super bowl and it does this. Second the Internet is slow. We had the the 1 gig. Omg!!!! Forget watching Netflix or stream anything!!! It kept cutting off!  And I constantly had to call my alarm company because my security cameras were always offline due to poor Internet service. Even they said I should have stayed with cox. So I called century link.  And again prepare to be on hold for an hour to schedule someone to come out to fix it.  Then when they do arrive they ask you what are they there for. I'm like don't you have a work order????After all is said and done, I decided to cancel. I waited another hour on hold to do this. When I called to sign up I specifically asked through sales person, am I under any contract and he said no.  He said I am able to cancel if I am unsatisfied with the service with no charge. That was an lie. I get a bill of 400 in cancellation fees!!! I feel that they are unethical and I wouldn't want any of my friends to endure the crap I went through with century link. They say that they are cheaper then cox. That's just lies.  The reason why cox seems to be more expensive is because they tell you up front about the pricing.  Century link will give you a cheaper price over the phone but surprise surprise when you get your bill! All in all, I went back to cox. And I can watch football without interruptions!!! And my security cameras are online without any disconnections because of slow Internet service!!! I'm sooo much happier with cox.My Internet service did not work for the first 5 days. Called was on hold for 40 minutes and the automated kept saying my hold time was 4 to 6 min? Was re directed 2 times , was hung up on. Rude customer service , being very apparent they did not care , was told it was my area and repair was being done as we spoke. Called back the next day , Internet was still not working , finally after being transferred twice spoke to a representative that was polite and fixed the problem.Was told wrong information , service was never down in my area??Also after checking my credit score I saw a hard inquiry that was done by CenturyLink,  which they are suppose to tell you if it's a hard inquiry. Not impressed , not a good first impression.If I could give them less than one star I would! Was supposed to have our service set up today they never showed. When I called to ask where they were the customer service rep was very apologetic said she would handle everything and page the technician. The technician never called never showed wasted an entire day waiting for them. Called the second time was placed on hold for 27.25 minutes! When I asked for a supervisor was told she couldn't find one when I asked to cancel our service was told we couldn't do it until tomorrow! Don't go with this company you will regret it!!!!!4rth of July and my Prism service  and internet went off. Looks like this happens on holidays and big event. It happened to me during the Super Bowl too. Can you believe that? Looks like they are having an overload they cannot handle. The worst internet and TV provider ever.Have to give it a star, is why there is only one star.  Really really bad internet and absolutely bad video.  Video transmission constantly freezing and support ALWAYS gives the same instructions when you completely lose connect from your home to their external servers. They mode if operandi is to work on production system servers in the early AM thinking that they will get less calls and will actually "lie" to the customer, making them think it's their equipment, something that you did.  The fact is, their operational maintenance ORPHANS their customer connections, the solution being that you have to power down you DSL MODEM and disconnect then reconnect the DSL cable.  Taking advantage of what they anticipate a naive customer base - but it doesn't work on network engineers with 42 yrs experience in the business!  Do not, DO NOT subscribe to this service.We've had very little issue with their Internet service, but their customer service leaves a lot to be desired.  We woke up to a disconnect today, but the rep I spoke to said we had not been disconnected.  I rebooted the modem a couple of times to no avail.  On the account we kept getting a message that said a service request was pending.  All day I asked for answers via chat, phone, social media and email.  They would not respond.  The rep would only tell me that we had not been disconnected and if I wanted any information about the support ticket I needed to call.  The support notice continued to tell me that my service would be restored at 5. At 630 I checked back into my account and the notice had changed to "account temporarily suspended "  Wtf!?  The payment wasn't due for two more days.  What a bunch of assholes.  Why couldn't the rep communicate this to me this morning? I would've taken care of it sooner. They need some serious training. I've only called twice and the customer service is pathetic. The first time we were told to wait for a service man and they gave us a time. He never showed so the next day we were told need be at our new house by noon, again, no show. So I called at 2:00 and the csr says "well it's only been 2 hours so really, he's not late".  Are you effing kidding me?  I then reiterate that the guy is technically a day and a half late and he in turn tries to sell me TV service.  Very incompetent staff.Our party of 14 booked a one night stay for Saturday, July 18th, at the Graduate Madison. Originally, the rate online was marked as $40/night. Seeing what a steal this was, we booked four rooms right away. FIFTEEN MINUTES before the cancellation period, a representative named Spencer from the Graduate Madison called and refused to honor four rooms at the $40/night rate. Spencer made the following claims: 1) that the rate was unrealistic for Downtown Madison (give me a break, this is not Downtown NY, LA, or SF); 2) that the going rate would be $254/night; and 3) wanted to offer $120/night instead (what a steal...my ass). In my experience, when other companies erroneously advertise a lower rate, they let the offer stand for those who purchased it at said price because it was THEIR mistake NOT ours. Even before our stay, the taste in my mouth is bitter due to their utterly unacceptable customer service.Graduate Madison is a joke. It's simply not worth the 200+ dollars a night. They are clearly trying to market themselves as a high-end hotel. But here are the facts:1. The rooms are tiny.

My son's food came wrong , I did not have silver ware to eat when the food got to the table.Server never stop by to check on us.

Never again.

I thought about bringing the pulley and belt into Doctor Auto to complain but I don't want to fight with anyone and I know there is no way to prove they did unnecessary work (other than common sense).  I don't think they did this on purpose, I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt, but the fact remains that my problem was misdiagnosed multiple times costing me A LOT of money.  Not to mention the bent timing cover that caused more damage in the long run. So, they are nice but I don't trust their diognostics. Doing the job right only matters if you're doing the right job!Wow... Ok so I just dropped it off for a power steering leak and the airbag light was on. I dropped it off they were busy. I just wanted an estimate and they said that there wouldn't be a fee (cool) and they would call me. I replied with ok I'll be waiting on a call! So I'm waiting and waiting and waiting, and finally I call and no answer. They're closed. I go down there little after 6 everything is closed up. I have to go to work in the morning and my car is locked up in a super shady parking lot with people walking around at all hours of the night (car wash is near by). I'm sorry but this is not ok. I just wanted an estimate! They can't just keep a car without calling me. They think they can just keep cars for as long as they like without caring of the customer needs it or not. I grabbed my spare keys and parked it safely at home. I call the next day and to top it off the guy blames me for not telling them I needed it the next day.I just needed an estimate! They should have called me saying they didn't have time is it cool if we keep it? Before he even realised my car wasn't there and that I was upset, he said it couldn't even find a leak. ....seriously? Super shady, would not go ):Contacted Craig facility  to discuss a problem at their Ann shop, left my name & phone # ,wanted some one to offer some advice as to how to deal with their service mgr. E-mail from them acknowledge receipt of messege. Never received a call. Very disappointed at professional customer relationshipThieving bastards! After passing my car the year before, the douche goes through the entire test then tells me the car failed because the vacuum lines "didn't look right."  That's right, the engine and emissions stuff is completely stock.  It passed on the sniffer,  no check engine light, but he failed me because the vacuum lines "didn't look right"So instead of telling me before he charged me 20$, he just went on ahead and wasted my time and money.I literally drove my car around the corner to another company's station, where it passed without a problem. 15 minutes laterAnd the owner left me a message insulting me and insinuating that I don't undertand smog laws after I reported the shady way I was dealt with!This is what she wrote, "In the future, please know the laws of the city you live in before leaving a derogatory comment suggesting my employees break the law for you."They failed my car, saying the vacuum lines were improperly routed, and they are bone stock. It passed the smog sniffer with flying colors. Passed for the last two consecutive years no problems without changing a thing.What arrogance, instead of fixing the problem, attacking the customer for pointing out the problem.It was a fast smog check..... But on the banner it says accepts all coupons. I brought a 9.99 coupon from purrfect auto. The guy there says he does not take the 9.99 coupons but will do it for 15!! Wtf! Last time I checked that was an any coupon!!!!!!I first went to their location in the parking lot right across the street. The guy there said "I'm out of smogs right now" and directed me across the street here. I've used both Smog Hut locations over the years and had hit and miss experiences as far as coupons go and them being "out of smogs" LOL! So I went to the location across the street and there was a line of 5 cars ahead of me.  I will say the guy got the vehicles through in good time including my car. I checked in on yelp while waiting my turn and was happy to see a yelp deal that would get my smog for $15 instead of the $18.99 regular price. When I showed it to the guy who did the smog he got sort of an attitude and said that he wouldn't honor the yelp deal or any coupon and the most he could give anybody off is $2 max and only if they asked while trying to use a coupon. If they don't want people to use any sort of deal then they should remove the yelp deal and remove all the banners and signs they have posted saying that they will honor any coupon. That's just bad business to advertise that you will honor any coupon and then not do it.Paint department is not helpful at all all 3 times i have gone and the guy at the counter named mike looks like he hates his job and apparently it frustrates them when you ask for advice last time i do business with them..I don't or would never recommend anyone to shop here.Incredibly rude staff. I asked for help with a curtain pattern and two staff members bickered over who had to help me. Also when I went to check out another two staff members were arguing at the cash register. I will never be back!Worst customer service I have ever gotten. Yanet was so rude. It felt like I was an imposition to check out after shopping. The store was empty by the way. Maybe saw 1 other person shopping. Will not be back to this location. Thanks for the customer service!Dr. Chinn is horrible! She told me that my dog needed $3000 surgery or her leg would have to be amputated. Went to another vet & they said that's bullshit it will heal on its own. & Guess what!?! It did about a week later my dog has no limp & is now faster & stronger than my rotties. I'm so glad I didn't fall for it! She gives you some pity party & tries to guilt you into spending all your money. OH & she even told me I could sign up for a VCA credit card to pay for it  HA!! What a dirty trick. NEVER going back & I DO NOT recommendI am not a huge fan, but I have always liked the Steam pots. I went on Sunday after about a 6-8 month hiatus and the quality has really declined. Dinner came with potatoes that were frozen in the middle, and corn on the cob that was 1) not hot and 2) probably old enough to vote. Service was OK. They gave us an $11 credit to address the two bad steam pots and replaced the potatoes and corn. Unfortunately, the replacement items were not seasoned, clearly not fresh, and the corn had some black kernels on it. The crab seemed to also not be as good as it used to be there. Not sure if they just had an off night, but I don't plan to go back.Worst food ever eaten in Vegas, only stopped because we were late and kids hungry.There were many unattended children in a dirty play area screaming as well. Service extremly slow, calemari, chewey and tasteless.Horrible!! Food is cheap and now I know why.Worst place ever... Horribe customer service will not recommend this location... I will not be entering this place ever again!!This place is horrible the food is so over Americanized it didn't even have flavor was Super Dissapointed! I live near by and I will never go back!Gross gross gross gross. My food tasted as if it were a few days old. The noodles were like spaghetti noodles and waayyy over cooked and the sauce tasted sour. I will never come back here. I am incredibly disappointed. I should have asked for a refund but I really did not want to bother.Never again! Forgot half the appetizer,  peppered beef all veggies mainly, kung Pow way to hot to even eat, only thing hot was the soup and won tons were mushy. Use to be good now I remember why its been awhile since we ordered from here.Their menu says they open at 11.  I called at 11:05, 11:15 and finally got an answer at 11:30.  The food arrived relatively quickly.  I had the orange chicken lunch special, which comes with orange chicken, fried rice, noodles and an egg roll.  The chicken was really low quality, all dark meat.  The orange sauce didn't really taste like much of anything, the rice was hard and the noodles had an odd sour taste to them like they had gone bad.  The egg roll was fine. For some reason they included a menu in my delivery, which had coupons that expired in 2013.  The delivery person was very nice but I wouldn't order from them again.Honestly maybe they just had a bad day. But everything I ordered was awful besides the steamed rice......

My advice, if you want to play this course, call ahead to learn whether it's cart paths only. If it is buyer beware!Always long lines.  Service is slow.  I think the social hour should be outside on your break not when I am waiting in line.We've recently moved to the area and were eager to find a local grocery store.  To us a grocery store is a big part of the community.  Both our boys have work in groceries. we know first hand how important customer service is.This fry's is depressing. The employees treat us as if we were an  inconvenience. The deli area is frequently out of high demand food items. The produce is old or out of stock. Even though this store is less than 3 miles from my home. I will drive over twice the distance to shop at another grocery.  Simply put, this Fry's has not earned our business. A friendly greeting and thank you would go a long way. Food on the shelves and fresh produce seems fundamental.  Lack of leadership may be a starting point.I agree with all other reviews regarding the poor customer service skills At this location.Won't be back. They act like they don't need customers.This store doesn't work very well for me. The staff is friendly and it's convenient from a location standpoint but every time I go the selection is terrible, products are not in stock, in the overall availability of certain items is not good. Based on this I can't justify continue going to this store in would rather drive further to a store that has more of the items I need.I usually would think one Burger King is the same as the next but....wow....this place was terrible! I got a coupon in the mail and saw they have a new chicken parm sandwich and I was in a hurry so I decided what the hell. After I ordered and I got to the window, the woman at the window didn't even acknowledge me. After a few minutes, she told me my total, I paid, she gave me my food and closed the window. Never heard another word after my total. That should have been an indication of what my food was going to be like. When I pulled up to the end of the drive thru, I opened my bag, unwrapped my sandwich and thought the bread was a bit cold. I took a bite into my sandwich only to find that bun was slightly frozen, the marinara sauce cold, the cheese frozen and the chicken lukewarm at best!  I put the car in reverse, went to the window and waited. The same woman opened the window, didn't say anything to me so I told her about the sandwich. I explained that the sandwich was cold and the cheese was frozen. Her reply?  Well after what seemed like an eternity of silence, her reply was "no it's not. The cheese is cold though". I said "noooo...the sandwich is cold and the bun is a bit frozen still". After snatching the sandwich out of my hand, she closed the window. A couple minutes later a guy handed me a bag with a new sandwich. Again, no words. Just window opened and then closed. I was afraid to open the bag but I was brave. This time the chicken was hot and everything was cold.  I couldn't even eat it. I just ended up throwing it away. They have lost my business.Yuck!! Gross!!  We seldom eat fast food, but on rare occasions it is a needed stop. Always regret eating at BK.  In 4 years, we have NEVER gotten the correct order. NEVER. There is always something wrong. Suppose I should be grateful because it deters me from eating this faux food crap.Very bad experience using the drive-thru this morning!!

They were before time on the day of move and completed everything pretty quick. But soon I realized that hiring them was a mistake.

They are opent till at least 6pm and I was told they would not be baking any more.  Then I was told the donuts are not baked there; but rather delivered.This Location is across the street from a Hospital and 2 blocks from the Scottsdale Police Dept. and they are out of Donuts???

4. Went inside and rudely asked why I'm there. I mentioned I had an appointment with Jesus and she picked up the phone and called him, gave me the phone and Jesus basically cancelled on me AGAIN!

Room was decent, a strip side room.............. which is smaller............ on the 2nd floor. I suppose if there was a fire we'd be grateful we'd have to jump 2 feet to the rooftop.........Rooms are loud as shit, toilets and doors are industrial strength with more banging going on than a brothel in Pahrump.

- Any within Caesar's hungry enough to venture forthInteriors & Service:

This place is a rip off don't goThe blonde older women at the front counter was incredibly rude I wasn't greeted right away and she was no busy and when I was she was rude I needed help exchanging my glasses she didn't want to help me find a new pair and I don't know whether it's because I'm young with tattoos or what her deal was but I will never go back there and I will be calling corporate. I'll be sticking to the LensCrafters at the galleria mall they're incredible and so sweet.I was not very happy about this experience. I had looked it up online to see what time this location opened it said noon. We arrived around 1152am and walked in there was a few people there. We were approached by a lady and I said oh what time did you open? She said 11 am. Very nicely I said oh online it says noon and with an attitude she says we opened at 11. Like ok thanks for your attitude I'm just letting you know so that can be fixed. Then we sat down with a different girl to discuss the glasses my mom wanted and the other lady came over and whispered something into the girls ear... so rude. We ended up leaving. I would not recommend this location. They are also very over priced.Go shop somewhere else if you can. Lens was quoted at $360 5 days before then up to $470 when we returned - couldn't provide a logical explanation than a promo that sales person couldn't tell me what it was 5 days ago. Did a quick call around other places and found the same lens at Pearl Vision at $245 wow and customer service was pleasant.These people are totally inept at everything they do. I called to make an appointment for my granddaughter, gave them my insurance and they said everything was covered for an eye exam for glasses and contact lenses.  I sent my granddaughter there for her exam and find out they're now charging her $55 for something that I specifically wanted to make sure was covered by her insurance.  They're total rip off business. I wouldn't trust this company any further than I can throw them I will not ever go there again and I will certainly not order my granddaughters contacts or eyeglasses there since they are thieves.Extremely poor time management. The girls up front do not have customer service skills.This review is for Wells Fargo Bank at 4075 S Fort Apache Rd. Las Vegas, NV 89147.   I just got back form being screwed by this bank, seeing as I'm not a customer there, but simply went in to cash a check drawn on their bank.  After ten minutes of ID's, data entry by the teller, thumb printing, etc.  they were ready to cash the check and then they tell me there's a $7.50 fee to do that.  I said that's ridiculous, as the check is drawn on their bank, and the teller manager Ruth Martinez tells me that the fee is NOT a Wells Fargo fee, but a fee that goes to the company who issued the check. LIES! I asked her twice about that statement and she lied both times.  I then called the company that issued the check, and sure enough there is no "fee" that goes to them.  Ruth refused to speak to them to hear it from their own lips. I asked that they waive the $7.50 charge, which is totally in their power to do so.  She said no.  I then waited for the branch manager who basically said the same thing. Sooooo, for $7.50 they will get bad press (deservedly so), I will never bank with them or go in their branches again, and I'll relate this story to all who will listen.  On a final note, there is a great employee there named Andrew who was very helpful.  You'd think in the era of supposed "customer service" it wouldn't be worth receiving a scathing review for $7.50.I've banked at Bank of America for 25 years, and any problems that have arisen have been handled right away.  I know others haven't had the same experience, but I think they are much better than most.

Course #4 - Chimichurri Steak, crispy broccoli - nothing special

Shower: Great

Don't come here if you are on a lunch hour, because it'll take you a lot longer than that to eat a slice of pizza.Arrived at 4:45 pm the greeter was rude and sit us next to a couple with unruly 4 and 2 yr olds whinnying. Ordered ice tea not fit for consumption. Appetizer came after 30 min and thin crust pizza about 15 min later. While we were there 3 couple left without being served.The waitress had an argument with the greeter about seating more people in her area pretty sure her area was the whole place. Didn't like the pizza either. Save yourself the grief just go to MonicalsWhat a train wreck. Hostess was incompetent, and at one point just walked off in frustration. Literally said "I can't handle this," and walked off.  She left a group of eight servers in her wake. Why eight servers were gathered around the hostess, God only knows. Can any of them "handle this"?  Alas, no...The server was... Interesting.  I have never seen pitchers of soda served along with a separate pitcher of ice. That seemed weird, but turned out to be the best thought out part of the meal. We were warned about the wait time for the meal, so that was nice. You're ordering deep dish pizza, and a wait is not altogether surprising. What is surprising is that when we got our pizzas, the temperature was uneven. Uneven, and no part was hot, at least as that term is commonly defined. Lukewarm?  That's being too generous. It varied from room temperature to tepid. Disappointing, especially at that price point. The reason given was that the cooks aren't leaving the pizzas in the oven long enough. Skimping on quality to deliver more quantity is a recipe for disaster. I won't be ordering from them any time soon. I hope they are just working out the kinks because they have a lot of overhead to cover. It's a really nice looking place. But if they don't get their shit together, then I don't know how they will survive.  I certainly won't be back any time soon. They really need competent staff. Get rid of the clueless high schoolers and hire some people who know what they are doing. The place was chock full of young employees just milling about, some with a dead look in their eyes like they were just dropped onto Omaha Beach and are totally shell-shocked. Oh, and the bathrooms were atrocious. For a new restaurant, that is unacceptable.Disappointing. I was excited that Papa Del's was taking over this cool building and making it a "destination". I went there for the first time today. The building is very nice, with a well thought-out interior. But, there are big problems with the service model here. There is a host/hostess there when you arrive, but the method for them to determine if there is an available table seemed to be for them to walk around and look for one? We could have done that ourselves. Cmon, get a better system up front. We were taken to a dirty table with no offer to clean it. There were lots of un-bussed tables, which looks so bad. My husband had to go to the clump of gabbing servers and ask for someone to wipe the table down.  It took about 10 minutes for the server to finally get to us. This was on a Sunday afternoon at about 1:15. They were not terribly busy. It seemed other diners were brought water, but we were not, only the sodas we ordered. We ordered by 1:30, two thin crust pizzas. We are familiar with the wait time for their pizza, and they set the expectation in the menu, stating a thin crust takes 30 minutes. (Why? Does the pizza oven not function properly?) Silly me then, for expecting it to land on the table in 30 minutes. ONE HOUR AND 15 minutes is how long it took our LUKEWARM pizza to get to us. By that time we were very hungry. But I was very upset that after all that time the pizza had obviously sat and cooled off. It's so clear that the dining room service will actually kill the business that has taken 40 years to get where it is. What a shame. I will NEVER go back there. There are too many places to dine that get it right to frustrate yourself as a customer at Pap Del's.      It might be better to make the in restaurant dining more self service. Have customs order and pay at the counter, with pizzas brought out to a number on the table, fill their own drinks, and bus their own tables. Service will kill this place. Too bad.The new building is nicely remodeled.Unfortunately it took about two hours to get lunch served and we didn't even order pizza. The server was covering way too many tables and simply could not keep up with basic service. Management appears to have understaffed both the kitchen and front of house. This name and the pizza are legends, but they need to improve the dine-in experience or the brand will be badly tarnished.Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me.  Never again.Mother's Day 2016 was spoiled by waiting two hours for delivery, then generously tipping the driver only to learn we had been delivered a thick pepperoni pizza instead of the thin mushroom that we had ordered. After a two hour wait, we hoped to reach the business by phone to inform them and salvage the chance to get our correct pizza before it was delivered to someone else. But alas, every time we called we were immediately and unceremoniously placed on hold.  (and subjected to the indignity of a recorded message telling me how much they cared about customer service...)

Pliner, Felina, Impulse, Jezebel, Lauren by Ralph Lauren, Le Mystere,Lunaire, MICHAEL Michael Kors, Naturalizer, Not Your Daughter's Jeans,Wacoal, Reebok Footwear. FOR HIM: Armani jeans, Cole Haan, Dockers®,Ecco shoes, Hugo Boss, Johnston & Murphy, Polo Ralph Lauren, TommyBahama. FOR THE HOME: All-Clad, J.A. Henckels, Le Creuset, Tempur-Pedic,

Beer list is awesome...Too many great burgers all over Vegas to let us down Gordon....All in all we were politely asked how it was and I never complain but the time I chose to say something...Karma hit me that eve with a touch of food poisoning or my stomach just couldnt keep this down....so to the staff at Burgr yes I understand karma is a bitch and I got mine...so Im here to make peace with BurGr and go on my way....Everything was mediocre.  You are better off going to Burger bar or Carl's Jr. to fill your burger needs.Stopped in today and tried the American Burger and "Just Fries".  The wait time for a couple of burgers far exceeded our expectation, which a Manager responded to promptly. The burgers and fries were Ok, nothing spectacular given the Gordon Ramsey theme. Since our meal was a flop, the manager covered our meal and solicited feedback from us on where they missed the mark with us. This restaurant appears to have a very keen management staff, I just hope they can translate customer feedback into a better product.Within 10 minutes all of us got sick, don't know if it was the undercooked burgers or the parmesan truffle French Fries. I see from the reviews below that we are not the only ones that got a touch of food poisoning from this place. We did tell the management later that day after we all purged and they did offer us a refund, we declined. I don't need a free lunch.  Just make it good!!There are too many great places to eat in Vegas; this is not one of them.Quoted a 15 minute wait time, expected longer.  An hour and 15 minutes later still no table.  No burger is worth that.Bad! My husband and I were so excited to try BurGR! The only positives were the atmosphere and we thought the bus boy had fantastic service (unfortunately he helped us at the end of our dinner). We ordered wings to start. We did not care for the wasabi favored ones but thought the spicy ones were great. Our burgers were both undercooked. My husband ordered medium and I ordered medium well. Mine was all pink and my husband's was bloody. We were in a rush to head to a show (we were told an hour and 15 min wait and it was over an hour and half) so we didn't catch anyone to send our burgers back. The waitress didn't come back for 10-15 minutes to check on us. When she did come back she didn't ask us how our burgers were. She seemed very busy and just asked if we wanted another drink. The burgers were very salty for me and my husband's taste.We were really frustrated with the hostesses. We were told about an hour and 15 minutes and that they would send us a text when our table was ready. After an hour and 15 we hadn't received a text yet so we went to check to see how much longer it would be. The hostesses were all very nice but they told us that they needed to bus some tables and it would be a "few minutes". So after about 10 minutes they told us the same thing and after another 10 minutes we were seated. A "few minutes" to me is 5-10. I guess a few minutes to them is 20. Then when we sat down there were several open tables (about 8). I'm sure these were tables that they were waiting for people to come back after getting a text that their tables were ready but they seemed to be open for awhile.Like a lot of things in Vegas, this place is all fluff and hype and not much substance. First of all, it took 17 minutes from the time we were seated to get a beer and soda. This is mainly because we had to wait for the drink menu on an I-Pad that was being used by another table, "really" ? Cute idea, maybe. Really bad business decision. The chicken sliders were absolutely terrible. I tried to cover the taste up with some of the provided sauces, it only made it worse. I had my wife try a bite and she couldn't believe I was even trying to eat it. The burger was good, not great. The onion rings looked great but actually were bland and just OK. We come to Vegas twice a year for the past 25 years. There are so many better choices for burgers or a good meal.I was going to give BURGR a 4 because it didn't taste bad (but not great) when I had it.  It wasn't until about 45 minutes later until I decided this place was no good.  I felt like I ate a pound of salt, my clothes stunk like onions and had no desire to eat dinner.   The more I started thinking about it, the more cheesy the place became.  The service was over the top.  The waiters were not real people but actors,  the wings were so-so and when comparing it to an In-N-Out burger for 3x the price, then I feel ok giving it a 1 star.So utterly unimpressed. Burgers were dry, overcooked and took forever. When we informed the server how bad our meal was we got a "sorry" and that was the end of it. Not a very good first impression. I expected better from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant - even if it is just a burger joint. We won't be back...Very disappointed. Couldn't wait to check out this place for Restaurant Week. Checked the restaurant hours online (11am-2am on a Saturday) and made the trek to the Strip during NASCAR weekend. Fought the traffic and the crowds just to arrive to a restaurant that was roped off and closed. The hostess was still behind the ropes and informed us that they had "issues" today and would not be opening for the day until 6pm. Not impressed when a place is not open during their posted hours.  Will not be returning again.i was there for the experience for my sons 16th birthday but it was disappointing. the food we ate was o.k. then we told the waitress the hotdog was to salty then she said that she will just credit us the amount. then by the time we paid our bill the the credited amount was still there. then they maid the neccessary changes. After 3 days i check my account i was charge almost $300 dollars which my bill was supposed to be only $139.i was charge twice  then i called them to dispute this issue i asked for the manager  the holst told me what was the issue then i told her to just direct me to the manager i had the chance to say my name ask his name and i was cut off then keep on calling then never answer back. then i left my cell # still waiting for respond. what an experience ha? and I'm still waiting for there call to credit the amount they took.This is the second Gordon Ramsey place I've tried and I can honestly say he's the most overrated celebrity chef. A few years back had drinks and food at LONDON in NYC and it was like, meh. Nothing special, just ok and a little disappointing. Shrugged it off and just resigned myself to the idea that it was better to watch him on TV than to actually go to one of his places....then Vegas happened. It was late and BurGR was almost the only place open so why not. The place looked great-nice, clean, and modern. Hostess was friendly and our server was really nice. Menu looked interesting and enticing so it seemed like there was hope. I know it's a burger place (hence the name - duh!) but the hot dogs looked really good so I decided to order one. Bad idea. It took a little long for the food to come out but that's ok. We were in no rush and our server was friendly. Finally our food came and it looked amazing. My plate was huge, looked great and then I took a bite. It was the worst bite of food I've ever had. It was super salty. I mean SUPER SUPER salty. So salty that I almost spit it out like the restaurant's namesake does on TV. I thought it was me so I took another bite and it was confirmed. BLEH....!I'm not one to complain to a waiter, have food redone or replaced. When the waiter came and asked how everything was my friend insisted I say something so I did. Our server was apologetic and kind. He offered something else and insisted I pick something else. By then I was so turned off I would of honestly preferred a return but graciously accepted a hamburger. He took it away and apologized and told me I was not the first person to complain and that the kitchen was working on the recipe. Really?!? Not the only person to say this and the kitchen is working on this....really?!? (My guess is that they have the hot dogs custom made for the restaurant.) Sorry, with a big name associated with this place I'd think this would of been fixed BEFORE you even opened the doors.  Burger came, was decent but by then my taste buds were so blasted by the salty dog it was pointless. (BTW: If you're ever in NY Shake Shack is the place for a good old fashion juicy burger.)If you go get the burger, forget the hot dogs until they've improved the recipe.Burger Nightmare!Love his food and his other locations....wanted to try this out while in town and could not have been move disappointed.First .....the Hostess could not have been more put off to try help us.  we showed up on a Wednesday at 1pm and there was a crowd out the door......45 min wait so we put our name in with the girl that never smiled or even look up at you.  Quoted a time to be sat at 1:53.  we found a small table by the host stand and watched.  We could not believe how many tables sat empty or dirty and yet every time someone got sat the hostess would walk by and the first thing out of her mouth was....we are sorry for wait.....really??  With a little motivation and direction from the guy that saves restaurants you wanted to believe they have move the wait time down to 10 mins with a little effort!  we saw the managers walking around looking busy.....looking being the key word because no one in the place moved with any sense of energy or direction including them.  A restaurant staff takes on the personality of the management team and it was in 2nd gear and going through the motions.  Was finally told that we were next at 1:50....we laughed because we could still see 4 dirty tables and 3 clean at any given time during the wait.  took miss personality 10 mins to make us next.  Got the well rehearsed speech about sorry for the long wait going to our table....i had to laugh.OK sitting at 1pm..... finally at 1:10 a server shows up and since we had all the time in the world to look at the menu ....we ordered everything then!  1:20 our ice teas showed up from a busser that was the best employee they have.  She smiled, was engaging and made sure our ice tea never sat empty. We found out she was a server and asked to be demoted.....wow is that a statement!1:39 the food shows up.....2 burgers and 2 orders of fries....29 mins?  at this point i saw a manger go over to the dirty table sitting next to us (had been sitting dirty at least 5 mins) and move a glass or 2 around and push in the chairs.....did not help or clear 1 item.  Herd the same excuse from the host again when if finally got sat......had to laugh again.we had the Euro burger and Hells Kitchen burger with Truffle fries and reg fries.

The interesting part is when I called again and the front deck receptionist seems like did not know what happened.(The first receptionist told me that she will leave comment and I only need to tell them about changing the room)The second receptionist that I had over the phone kept asking me where the leak is at instead of apologize of the whole situation and she doesn't seems like knowing what to do. I have to tell her the situation and request a bell boy again instead of the front desk receptionist able to offer to me.Last part is I got hang up after I told her I need a bell boy and she didn't even ask if I need anything else.

you have no interest and having return."Her kind response..."You are the perfect example of a coupon user.  Impossible to make happy.  Want everything  for nothing. We could never make you happy even if your order was 100%right.  Thanks for supporting local.  You obviously don't care about your community.Jamie"I'm sorry, but is now chastising Groupon users? The same service that she gets paid for and provides?? For the record, they still sell Groupons for The Bagel Factory on a regular basis. People should know how they really feel about them. My response, "Actually, I have been frequenting your business since it first opened

I got my eyebrows done and the girl took forever to finish them. I could only hope that it was because she is very careful In her work, but that is not the case. She only took forever because she kept messing up and was trying to get them even. I asked her to keep my eyebrows the same shape and thick, but when she was done, she completely ruined them. I regret even tipping her, and someone like that should be fired.

Dirty pool.

4. We are seated and given regular menus

Could've had any number of other burgers for the $ and they would have all been better.

I paid for the Suite upgrade, I'd hate to see the standard room. The suite was very small.

Brown Rice $192. THREE EGGS: Choice of Bacon, Sausage, Ham or Canadian Bacon served with hash browns and toast. $163. THREE EGGS: Choice of Bacon, Sausage, Ham or Canadian Bacon served with hash browns and toast. $16The Garden Egg White Scramble was the most disgusting thing I have ever eaten. The eggs were gray and the plate was full of water. No flavor at all. Could not even eat this. I was not offered a replacement. The waitress just took it away.The Three Egg Breakfast that the other 2 members of my party ordered came with the runniest eggs (almost raw). The hash browns were burnt and not edible. One person did get a side of fruit and it looked fried out, like it had been sitting around for a while.Major fail on this restaurant. There are so many other casino cafes that you can go to for breakfast that are actually good. Don't waste time on this place.I usually come here every time I visit Vegas because the breakfast a simple. I usually order the fruit platter with a side of yogurt parfait. Today unfortunately after eating my way through half of my fruit I discovered my grapes were fuzzy with mold. After the waitress snatched my plate away I was still forced to pay half the bill and deal with a stomach ache all day. Unfortunately I won't be returning.Worst service ever. And I'm not talking exclusively vegas either. Waited almost an hour for nachos at 12am. The first time we came here things were meh- food and service combined but tonight was just ridiculous. Our server Maria was so rude- she walked past us 5-6 times before I finally had to flag her down and she said "come on guys just give me a minute" in a rude tone- but we had already been waiting 20+ minutes just to be acknowledged. Expected more from Aria, severely disappointed.This is probably the worst (if not definitely one of the worst) cafe's in Las Vegas. The service is so bad you'd think you were at one of those themed restaurants where the waitresses sass you. I've been here twice. The first time was during the late hours so I gave a tolerance allowance because there were clearly a few intoxicated patrons. The menu is reduced during these hours. I ordered a burger and fries. The burger was so dry that it made me gag. I didn't ask for it to be extremely well done. I ended up just eating the French fries.The 2nd (and final) time I came when I was staying at the Aria during lunch hours. First I asked the hostess if it was possible to order from the menu and take it to go. In her most snooty tone she told me this was IMPOSSIBLE. I explained how I wanted to just order something and take it up to my room. Her reply: "Well just order room service from your room then!" I figured the menu at the restaurant would be more expansive during regular hours, and definitely compared to room service offerings. So I asked to be seated. I ordered soup and a sandwich and told the waiter to bring out the soup and just box the sandwich  to go. The look I received in return would make you assume I asked the waiter to kick a baby. The disgust on his face made me feel like my sandwich was likely to get some "extra dressing". NEVER AGAIN!!!! I WOULD RATHER WALK OUT OF THE HOTEL AND GO ELSEWHERE.They changed the name of this cafe but it still equally as bad, maybe worse.  This was Cafe Vettro now its Cafe Aria.  Service was not good.  The waitress was as friendly as she could be, but they just have too many other tables to tend to receive good service.  Food is maybe average.  I felt like it was a waste of time & money.  Sorry.I've stayed at Aria every year during my Vegas trips since it opened. This year I decided to try the Cosmopolitan, but since i was more familiar with the Aria restaurants I knew the perfect place for a late night/early morning meal. I recommended we make the short trip to Aria for the Aria Cafe (formerly Cafe Vettro).What a disapointment!First there were three woman at the hostess stand and they seemed too busy to acknowledge the growing line of people waiting to be seated. They had to discuss their kids, how their weekend was going, etc... before they worried about the paying customers. They eventually took down everyone's party size and we were told there was a 10 minute wait which was odd because the restaurant was 15-25% full (at the absolute most). It felt like there was no sense of urgency to provide a quality customer experience. The hostesses just walked around like they didn't really want to be there and never explained the delay in being seated. Had they been more informative regarding the delay maybe some of the people who decided to get out of the line would have stayed. I could not understand why a dang near empty restaurant had such a long wait with all of the workers I could see walking around.Once we were seated our waiter did an excellent job of waiting on us. He was the lone bright spot during this visit. He was engaging and you could see he was hustling to make sure his tables were attended too. He alone could not save this experience though. When the food finally made it to the table it was extremely cold. I cannot understand how you can wait 20 minutes for bacon and eggs that feels like was sitting in a refrigerator. I'm not trying to be a snob with this review, but I will not eat here again. Read the other reviews. The service is very poor. Instead take my advise and eat at The Henry at the Cosmopolitan. I'll be posting a review on that soon.Went on a 3 day weekend mini vacationBut came back frustrated tired

I understand that contracts and policies are in place for the benefit of a business, and that they require adequate cancellation of membership to adjust their billing arrangements. However, I find this complete lack of customer service and unwillingness to accommodate for a 5 day(in actuality 3 day per my bank statement) window, completely inconsiderate and quite frankly, greedy.Since neither of the two women I spoke with bothered to explain the reasoning (other than because that's their policy) behind their total refusal meet me in the middle, and continually threw the "contract" in my face, I was left  beyond frustrated with the impression that they were simply charging me just because they could.I'm not one to back the notion that the customer is always right. However, I do believe that a business should do everything in it's power to ensure that every guest leaves the establishment happy (not in yelling match, and abruptly hanging up the phone for lack of reaching any type of mutual understanding). Unfortunately, TruFusion does not appear to share this same value, and I will not be returning (despite my now remainingTWO months of membership). Good Luck Ya'll.If you actually care for your animal I would truly reconsider going to dogs by cindy. They are not nice they mistreat the animals. I had to go to this location because my other dogs groomer was busy that day so I decided to try this new place. I wish I would have never gone it was the worst mistake I have made in a long time because I love my dog more than anything it is been 2 weeks since I've taken them to dogs by cindy and my dogs still do not act the same it's as if they were beaten or abused. I have had my dog for 15 years it is unbelievable I want to cry as I am writing this I truly hope that this gets out there and you reconsider ever taking anything to dogs by cindy. Any place is better then going to dogs my cindy including the pound.Will not rent here againDisappointed!  We needed a storage unit due to a personal emergency.  We "reserved a 10 x 15 unit online. When we arrived they couldn't fulfill the reservation as the unit was broken. The associate had no interest in correcting the problem by giving us a slightly smaller unit temporarily. I'm disappointed that Public Storage isn't interested in trying to correct their own mistakes. Don't advertise something if it isn't available!  Sad to see when large companies don't care about customer service.The building itself is fairly new.  It used to be another local storage company.  After Public Storage, the quality really went down.1.  Garbage and the walls look beat-up.  You could not tell this building is only 5 years old.

Lobster roll

I don't even know where to start. The baked

Meal came with a piece of bread and chocolate strawberry. Only the front half of the strawberry was actually covered in chocolate but I mean of course it was good.

Guest 5 - Quesadilla, was coldOverall experience was we were so dissatisfied with the service and food we discussed walking out. And warning the patrons walking into the restaurants to be aware this place has mediocre service and food at best.I would not return to this place nor would recommend this eatery to anyone else. Before we left we were asked if everything was okay? We complained that the food was cold and the service was unsatisfactorily slow and the waiter said alright sorry and walked away. What kind of service is that? Offer a solution to remedy and issue like complimentary dessert or a small discount on the bill to make your customers happy. You are in the food industry and happy returning customers keep you in business.DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!Okay..There was three of us, and waited 30 mins to be seated.  We didn't complain..  It took 15 mins to get our menu.. Waitress just disappeared on us.  So, I had to ask other waitress to get her attention.  15 mins to get our drinks.. At this point, we were gonna leave, but it was getting late and didn't want to go else where.  So, we patiently waited and tried to be understanding, even though place wasn't that busy.After placing the order, we waited 25 mins or so for our food.. I mean we ordered wings, and it shouldn't take that long..  Well, they screwed up one of the order by giving us something totally different..  And wings were over cooked.. It was too dry!  I asked the waitress, "Is there a reason why it took so long to get drinks and food?"  Her answer was, "We are busy?"  Really????? REALLY?? Place is not even half full.. I see staff standing around talking.. You consider that busy??So I was about to call the manager to complain, then one of my friend said.. "Don't even bother.. We are not coming back here again.. So just let it be"..  Terrible service, with terrible wings!Tried it like four or five times. Their customer service is horrible. The food takes forever to come out. You wait forever for the bill. I love native new yorker just not this oneWell after the first five good trips to this place I must say the service has officially came to the status of shitty! The last two time we walk into the bar area and seat our selves as usual we wait two more party's come in and promptly are waited on fifteen minutes later waiter says I can help right now I'm busy! Someone come and acts mad and gets us drinks we order right when he gets back and says I don't know why the other guy didn't help you! The bill came with the food no refills no are you ok! We try and wave someone down to pay and no one responded. So I get up and chase down a passing bartender and ask if I can pay with a big sign and a few huffs and puffs she take it we pay and leave! Today we walk in sit and wait five minutes a couple walks in sits gets menus and there drinks! This time we leave and don't think we will be back anymore! There loss seeing as I am a good tipper and a nice person.I havent been here for a year and half, they use to have great buffalo wings, and now ehhhh.  We use to frequent this place every week until they changed there buffalo wings recipe and they are now breaded, not naked.  Met friends down there last night for drinks, but you would hardly know its a Sports bar, because the Music was so loud last night I couldnt hear the person next to me when they were talking! Dont think we will be going back again anytime soon, unless they change things, so back to Applebees we go.Service sucks! Jerks abound...I have given this place several tries, and I shall not being going back any more.  The service inside is soooooooo slow.  Last time we ordered wings from them there were still feathers on several of the pieces (I'm still shocked by that, how does that happen??).  In spite of the fact that they know the service is bad, there is never an apology or discount given, just excuses.  No thanks!! I've taken my business elsewhere.A horrible representation of the native New Yorker franchise, this location is filthy dirty. We sat in the lounge for a beer and some wings and I immediately noticed the sticky/dirty table, I then noticed the shades were covered with sauce and slime of every type, the staff was engaged with conversations with "regulars" and failed to pay any type of decent attention to other guests. My cousin ordered wings which were ok but the service was impersonal and un attentive, this is the worst looking and ran native New Yorker I have been to. The decor is horrible and rivals places on reality tv that need a major makeover, I would guess if corporate came here they would shut it down. This is a sad snap shot of a good company.Wow unbelievable !! Went with my mom & my brother & ordered a salad ,a plain burger & a club sandwich . It was a Thursday at 2:50 was not busy at all only 3 tables were full . & still waited 45minutes for our order . We had to leave because I was so hungry (35weeks pregnant ) & told them we can't wait any longer & still made us pay 8 bucks for 3 drinks .. They were rude about the whole situation ...Very bad customer service! We were there about 2 hours before closing and there were three other small parties besides our big party and it took 15 mins to get welcomed 20 mins to get our drinks and 1 hours to get two pizzas and 24 wings. I understand we were a party of 9 but I mean when the restraunt is almost empty common you can do way better. Our server was never to be seen when we needed her and it was just not a good experience. I will definately travel the extra 15 minutes to the next nearest location on 99th they are definately a better place!In the bar to grab a drink and some wings. Place is filthy, tables are greasy and window shades are spattered with sauce gunk. The drink menu holders have a gross film on them , went to wash my hands after shuffling through the filthy drink menu. Bench seats have rips in them ... Not appealing at all.Bad customer service! Never going back! It took forever to receive our food while other people that got there after us got there food before we did.This place was once a good spot now they serve soggy pizza and cold wings. service is not great i just waited 45 minutes with 4 tables full. Don't go if your hungry.I've been to this place twice and each time I have received horrible service. The first time we went to the bar side and the waitress ignored our table. She came by after 30 mins of waiting and then took our order. The food came out 20mins later and then we could not get the waitress to help us. The ignored the table and when her friends came in she was all over them. I'm not sure if it was her husband or boyfriend but she would make out with him instead of working with the customers. We got tired of waiting and asked another waitress if we could have our bill and then we left. Second time I went with my family and we had the same experience. This time the waitress stayed in the back and we had to ask the bus boy to help us out. I would pass on this place if I were you.30 dollars for lunch!!!!!My husband and I came in for lunch and ordered from the lunch menu, even pointed it out on the menu. Waitress came back to get our order again. The menus were gone, she had taken them but we repeated our order. We ate, the food was good...but when we got the bill she had given us regular prices rather than the lunch specials we had ordered. We pointed it out to her her mistake, she then told us WE should have been clear we wanted the lunch special. That we got more food than the lunch special and we had to pay it. She refused to give us the lunch special prices, making our bill almost double. And then had the nerve to tell us that the next time to be very specific and to remeber that the wings are 35 cents on tuesdays. I paid it, but she got no tip and they lost a customer...I wish I could give zero stars. I got there at 12:30 and did not get pay my check and go until 2:30. I never even got my meal. The place had very few customers and still it took so long to get my meal I had to cancel my order and just pay for my drinks and appetizer.  Another customer also canceled her order. This is the first time I tried them since they deep fried my chicken wings with feathers still no it. In my opinion this is the worst managed place I have ever been to and I eat out dialy.  My drink was empty almost the entire time and when I asked for a drink or service she told me to waif because she wanted to bus the table behind me first.  NEVER AGAIN.Had the WORST experience at this Native New Yorker.  First they gave me a dirty greasy glass of water, then we had to flag a waitress down after waiting fifteen minutes just for someone to acknowledge we were sitting there.  After waiting 25 minutes for an appetizer we got up and left to the Native in Tolleson and had food in 12 minutes.  The WORST!  The service is getting worse and worse at this location and it's DIRTY.  DON'T EAT HERE!To make what could be a very long complaint short, food is pretty good, service is absolutely terrible..  The first few times I went (about a year ago), never had problems with the service.  The last few times I've been there, I'm pretty sure we've had the same server each time, and we are always there FOREVER!  She never writes anything down, and is constantly forgetting things.  I've served for years, and know the "oh shit I forgot to put something in" look.  Each time it's the same story...20 minutes after ordering beer refills (that we had to flag them down for), she goes to the bartender who promptly starts getting our beers, and then goes to the computer.  It always takes forever to get our food, and I notice that everyone sits and talks for a bit and then go to the computer to put in the order.  Decent food and shitty service seems to be a running theme for this place.  The last 3-4 times we went we've had terrible service (and they've never been busy when we go), and that sucks because it's slim pickings for restaurants in Laveen.  If they hired some decent servers that actually cared, I might start going there againIn trying to find a "positive" from our experience at Native, all I can come up with is "at least no one was shot." The atmosphere is dark, bleak and depressing. From the way the serving staff lounges around you'd think that this is just something they're doing for fun. I'm pretty sure our server forgot we were actually there; when she did remember she forgot to bring my Guiness--twice. No napkins, no plates until we asked. Finally our $10, 10" house pizza came out and looked about as appetizing as a Red Baron microwaveable. The larger problem was that our cheese pizza, which we ordered for our kids, did not come out, and we were informed it would be 2-3 minutes. Five minutes later, after sitting and watching our pizza get cold, we called the time of death, paid for our wings and left. The wings are about the shittiest I've ever had. If this place were offering $20 and all-you-can-eat, free wings and had topless servers and did my taxes while I ate--I would still not eat here ever again.I love Native New Yorker generally, but this particular one is terrible. Every time I visit this store, it's the slowest service ever. Last night I had to wait for over an hour for a plate of chicken strips. The waiter finally showed up with my food and had a good laugh about how the kitchen apparently lost my food ticket. It's good food, but only if you're willing to wait for it.Definitely disrespectful service, being hung up on twice while placing an order over the phone.I have gone to this place multiple times hoping that it was just a "bad night" the last time they screwed up, but nothing changes. The last time I was there they had to remake my pizza THREE times! I ordered one of their specialty pizza's and asked for only half of it to have jalapeños. Not hard, right?! Well, somehow they just couldn't figure it out and had to remake my pizza over and over again. Needless to say, I will not be returning.Been sitting here for 15 minutes.. waitresses have been walking by us the whole time not asking if we need drinks. The lady who's area it is has served the table behind us about 2-3 times now and walked by about 10 times still no drinks. We asked if we could get our order taken and have a new waitress to a waitress walking by.. all she said was "oh" and rolled her nasty little eyes. This place is empty for us to not get service! The "oh" lady got the manager and she got us drinks and an appetizer on the house.. she handled it very well. And our new waitress was nice. But this place still gets one star because of the attitudes of the waitresses.Worst food ever! My husband and I were disappointed in our service and food. From now on we will go elsewhere even if we have to drive further.OK since every place can have a  bad night decided to give them another shot. Stayed away from the chips and the artichoke dip. Ordered 24 wings and the potato skins. Stressed with the waitress PLEASE make sure the wings are not cold. Well sorry showed up cold as usual. Failed second attempt so off our list of acceptable places to dine.We have lived in Laveen since 2007 and have always tried to do our part to support the few businesses we have in our small corner of the Valley. We were regulars to Native for many years...then baby came along. We stopped coming as frequently, and each time we came the service and quality was worse each time. I absolutely adore Native...just not this location. The last straw for us was when we had a 2hr lunch about 3 weeks ago...when we intended to be in and out in about 45min. It took 30 min for the server to take our drink order. Another 10 before he took our food order. Food arrived 40 min later ice cold. When the server asked how the food was, I told him it was ice cold but we were far too hungry to wait another 30min for our order to be remade. That is the last time we will go back.Ordeded a 2 carryout wing platters with extra blue cheese dipping sauce,  they said it would be ready in 15 minutes, i arrived 25 minutes after i ordered and it wasn't ready, waited a additional 15 minutes then got my order, rushed back to work to find they didn't give me fries and gave me only one container of blue cheese.  Called them back, they said i only order wings and not a platter.I got no fries, no extra blue cheese dipping sauce, no utensil packets and no celery.

I walked in with my coworkers and was promptly ignored after being lured in by one of their staff offering a lunch discount. Don't be fooled by their 15% discount, it was a waste of time, might as well have paid full price instead of being lied to. We sat down and then half an hour went by before we got our drink order in. We then ordered and sat for an hour and a half bordering on two hours before leaving because they didn't have our food ready. It's hot dogs and salads. What are they doing, growing lettuce and feeding livestock for meat?!The manager came and pretty much just said we can leave after we express how unhappy we were. Looking around before leaving, we realized the groups that came in around the same time as us were just as unhappy with the treatment. Empty drinks everywhere and no food to be seen.I've stopped at the Rock House to grab a quick drink (in the front by the casino hallway) and had nothing but good service.  Friendly waitresses and bartenders.HOWEVER, once we ventured inside to eat, it was a disaster.  The service was terrible throughout the meal.  Our waitress just disappeared.  After finishing our food and waiting 20 minutes I went to hunt her down so we could pay and get back to normal Vegas activities.  Waited another 20 minutes and still no check!  We literally had to hunt her down again and threaten to walk out on the bill before we got our check.Never again.  You've been warned.So much for service here. Never got served. Never got my order taken. Got here a few min after my friends placed their order. Waitress never came back.Worst service ever, drinks were super diluted, waiters were no where to be seen, some walked right by us but were not even concerned if there was a 0 on ratings they truly deserve itDo not fall for the $1.50 tacos. Worst tacos ever! Took half an hour to get them when the place was practically empty. What we were served was unedible. My friend actually asked if the shrimps were sea monkeys, and the guac was the consistency of baby food. Most of them contained just tomatoes and bright orange, possibly fake, cheese. Band was awesome, but those tacos still give me nightmares.Went here during the lunch hours, maybe only 2 other tables had customers, no hostess greater us so we kind of sat our selves. We sat for about 10-15 minutes with no-one acknowledging us at all and finally the hostess asked us if anyone had spoke to us. We said no and she explained the one waitress for the 3-4 tables was also the only bartender...what? Needless to say, not impressed.TERRIBLE. If you could rate 0, I would. This place had the worst service I've ever experienced. $40 all you can drink....in 45 minutes I received ZERO drinks....even though I ordered twice. Watching a game? They might change your TV mid game and then dilly dally to change it back....but still don't. Three hours, a full game, and only 3 beers were delivered. They may seem accommodating on the phone, but don't waste your time here!Ok...you are hungover right now. You are severly dehydrated and staring at the amusement park  line at the Italian place directly across. You need water....food...you feel the undying urge to stop...DONT DO IT......PLEASE LISTEN!!!!....Do not walk....RUN out of this place! Do not suffer from the mirage that hungover shopping will cause! Had I not trucked through the shops at the Venetian dehydrated...I never would have stopped here in my right mind. I made a mistake that I would regret for the rest of my time in Vegas. I still regret it. Imagine your college boyfriend's fraternity house and combine it with your fathers basement band hang out. Imagine your local Coney Island and then top it with your local 7-11.You suddenly hear a good Smashing Pumkpin's song and Rockhouse redeems itself. Then....Def Leopard blares and you think, "It's too late..my order is in". When you realize that the nachos that the worst waitress ever (ex spirit airlines stewardess) shoves down your throat are designed for a stomach pump in a Las Vegas hotel bathroom...its too late. Your friends then kindly move them to the next table.... but as you lift your head from the trough of hell....the 18 flat screens surrounding you each picture these "nachos". "Nachos"? Thats like comparing a Taco to Antifreeze. These "nachos" landed me in an infirmary. Ask the USO. My friend's and I actually guage the nastiness of conditions on a scale of Rockhouse to Hardees.Moral of the story: Drink water people. Do not let Satan's mirage locker swallow you whole. This place represents the bowels of satan in Haiti. Absolutely....positively... the worst expierence of my culinary life.I believe its illegal to state a deal and then not uphold said deal....or wait, we are in Vegas so maybe that is legal? Whatever....THE DEAL WITH HAPPY HOUR SAYS ALL APPS 30% OFF. We ordered chips and salsa at $4 and the waiter said "oh, those arent 30% off because they're already cheap".THE ONLY REASON WE ORDERED ANYTHING AT ALL WAS BECAUSE OF THE "DEAL"Advertising SHOULD read: All apps EXCEPT chips and salsa! A-Holes!This place is terrible! Claimed to be a "sports bar" but it's really just a night club.Some promotor took us through the VIP experience which meant the waitress didn't even acknowledge us.We left with out ordering one thing.This used to be the place to be in Vegas! But unfortunately over the years ROCKhouse has completely lost its identity, maybe it's time for a name chance and a blooming onion... Seems more fitting.And don't even get me started on management, two words: Avi Kopelman. Do yourself a favor and google him, and to all the female employees I hope you know when you're being recorded.I really hope this place can turn things around before they loss all their clients...This place is like d-bag central. It's awful. Drinks aren't great. The band was terrible. Service was slow. We only went because someone handed us passes for two-for-one drinks. Woof.Don't buy their $50 all you can drink, they change the rules on what you can drink, bottom shelf, horrible customer service, waitresses don't know what they're doing, bartenders don't know how to mix drinks, management is disgustingDisgustingly dirty store. No one to greet you while there 45 minutes. Cockroaches present in bird room. Unhealthty looking plucked birds, birds not groomed (beaks and nails). No info on birds i.e. pricing, age, sex, for sale, consignment etc. Poor birds!!Filthy store with cockroaches crawling around. Too many macaws and too few cages. Where do they eat and sleep? On a large ring hanging from the ceiling. These other reviewers must be blind!!Against our better judgement we purchased a baby cockatiel 6 days ago.  While at the store we observed filthy water dishes, disgusting cages and dead birds I think aviary.  This isn't a store, it's a place for birds to sit and die!  They're neglected!  The prices are 25% higher than other stores and it seems the only concern the owner has is making money.  The store is horribly understaffed-one employee brings someone with her on weekends, just to get help with the cages while the Manager sits at a desk and does nothing.  Our bird died tonight, I'm crushed!!!  He was well loved and superbly cared for during his 6 days....but let me tell you, watching a bird who can't breath, is sneezing and then dies to see over 1 tblspn of fluid empty from its beak further solidified my disgust!  Do. NOT buy your birds here, there welfare only seems to be a concern for one very loyal employee...otherwise, no one gives a crap.  The owner needs to sit in a box of her own feces and drink filthy water for days...maybe she'll then understand the unjust she is doing to a living being.  This bird didn't stand a chance!!!!

This wasn't even the worst part. I invited some friends along for my Bday and shortly into the trip they started getting out of hand. I decided to take pre-cautious safety measures so I went downstairs to the front desk and specifically asked the front desk manager to take my friends names off my guest list and to deactivate there keys. I specifically told her my guests were making me uncomfortable at this point and I didn't want anyone to have access to my room except for me. She out this note in the system. I then locked up my room with my valuables and headed out for the night with a different group of friends. I came back to find that the Front Desk/Hotel Staff let the guests I specifically asked to be taken off my lists AND strangers into my hotel room. They were having sex in my bed, stealing my stuff, and taking more items from the mini fridge. I was disgusted and felt threatened. When I asked them to get out of my room the guy jumped up and started threatening me. He called me a whore and I was literally frightened for my safety. They finally left and I sat in my hotel crying for the rest of the night. I immediately left Vegas.

Not to mention that dining personnel are rude, unfriendly and careless. I truly rather go to 2 star hotel and i know i am not being scammed with fridge weight. This being said, i will never come back to this hotel not worth my time and money. Hope this will hrlp you save $$$ before deciding to book this hotel. I do not normally write reviews but dor this one i had to.The Encore was a complete letdown. The staff was incompetent and the facilities at SX were dirty. Furthermore, administration was confrontational and aggressive. If the staff spent more time trying to be courteous to guests rather than upset them, maybe the experience would have been better.  The quality of the house was reflected in the gloomy mood of the people attending who had hoped to enjoy the night, but ended up disappointed.  It is probably best to avoid the SX Nightclub and Encore as a whole.I am so disappointed with this place.  We spent $100s on drinks and quite frankly food as well (which never came).  Carolyn was our server and she never brought our food despite us paying for it.  After 90 minutes, we escalated to Ian, the pool manager and his resolution was to comp our food.  Really?  That's your resolution?  In parallel, the server walked by us 3 times when we asked for a copy of our receipt (which we had tipped 20%).  We were approached by another couple in the lobby who had the same experience a well!  We will never return.We stayed for the weekend got food poising from the hotel on day one , called house cleaning to clean the room never came , extremely bad customer service by Sam (Id number 069780) very rude and unprofessional, I am in Vegas every 2 weeks and will never step over there. I will not recommend anyone to go there !!!!

I almost felt bad for the delivery guy since even he seemed aware of what a crap outfit he works for. So, just for kicks and because I'm busy as hell, I wait and see if they'll call. Two days later I get nothing. I call, am told this will be looked into, and I'll get a call back. Haha, right. Two more days and I'm, of course, calling again. I honestly think they'd have just stolen my money for the part if I didn't contact them!

-No elevator -- only stairs.

Wanna know what I get? 5-6 pieces of chicken. Very little bacon. And dry pasta.

It is too bad that there are no zero stars options.We sat down and waited forever, no one even addressed us. It was not busy so there's no reason for them to have such horrible service. Don't go here!July 5th while dining at Gallaghers on 7575 n 16 St there was a cockroach in our water. While the waiter was fantastic in handling this disgusting discovery the manager did not bother to come and talk to us and decided that comping one domestic beer and  a 6 dollar happy hour entree was sufficient. In addition, one of the handles on the toilet in the ladies restroom (handicap stall) was broken off the toilet, which did not allow the toilet to flush. Had the manager come and talked to us, I believe this situation could have be solved in a suitable manner. However, now there is a party of five who will never recommend Gallaghers to anyone and will now be  reporting this incident to  the health department.I was craving wings.  Decided to stop by on my way.  Sat down greeted by the bartender.  She gave us water and a beer.  Left us a late night menu, then never saw her again at our table for 30 min.  The waiter walked by countless times but never stopped to ask us if everything ok, would you like to order food.  He said nothing to us.  But went around to all other tables.  Bartender went had a cigarette played on her phone but never asked us if we were doing ok or what would you like to order(since we specifically asked for a menu).   By the way my husband ordered a bud light, not sure what was given to him but it was gross.  Never had the opportunity to tell anyone since we were ignored.  So I walked out.  Sad thing is I am a long time customer of Gallaghers, so sad this location cannot get it together.What a joke this place is. The staff is arrogant and condescending , if you are not a regular good luck. They should be ashamed of the way they way they treat people. The best advice I can give is for a fun night out go anywhere but here! The food is horrible , the tap beer is beyond stale and the bartenders are angry at the world.... Avoid this place at all costs!Took 45 minutes to get our food, and my chicken cheese crisp was cold.  So were my friends' sloppy nachos and quesadilla. We ate it anyways, because we didn't want to send it back and wait another 45 minutes.  Three other people ordered the Cobb Salad off the Daily Special  .. the sizes and cost of the salads were all different.  ???   There are no prices listed on the Daily Specials...don't be fooled they are 5,  if you look closely, that is the time they start not $5.   I was hoping for more, as its very close to my home.  :(We made a mistake going there. My wife read lousy reviews but went anyway since close to hotel and a place to watch basketball. The food was not good and wife felt sick next day. Very bland boneless wings that were small pieces and no flavor. The pizza was acceptable. The lettuce was terrible. Limp is one way to describe it. The baked potato was served on a bed of ?We were not sure what it was. Service was fine . Beer cold. It was odd that twice they came to our table trying to deliver someone else's food. We did watch basketball and had many televisions.Went here with a buddy to watch the NHL playoffs on a Saturday. We sat at the bar roughly around 6pm. We each had several drinks and planned on staying for food also when a family of around 12-15 people came in and they put together tables so they can all sit in the bar. Had no issue with that until one of the toddlers started crying non-stop. This went on for around 30 minutes and the parents did nothing to stop the child, they just sat there conversing with the rest of their party. This went on until actually the two couples next to us at the bar decided to leave because of the crying. Now mind you there is another side of this place that is a sit down restaurant with tv's, where the family should of been seated in the first place. After the two couples exited, my buddy and I decided to do the same. I asked him if he wanted to just head down to Zipps right down the road. He agreed and we asked for our check. Little did we know, but the bartender overheard our convo and gave us an attitude for leaving. We asked for the check, she came back and slammed it on the bar. I paid the bill, asking for change and she came back and did the same thing with the money. The funny thing is, our bill was around $60, so it's not like we just had a quick drink. Very rude! Really disappointed.We were in town for a convention nearby. The bartender was very inattentive and rude. When we were at the bar the bartender and her manager were talking badly about our group. They were trash talking our cause and one reassured the other that "they are leaving tomorrow, so we only have to put up with them for a little longer". Will not return.NEVER AGAIN!Stopped in for dinner after swimming all day at the Pointe Hilton and we were HUNGRY! The place was dark and pretty much empty. It was a Friday evening. We were told from a lady behind the bar to sit wherever we wanted. We found a seat and were given some dirty paper menus. Table was sticky too.  A few minutes later our waitress approached and took our drink order.Fridays are all you can eat fish. My hubby ordered the fish and my son and I ordered appetizers to start. We ordered mozzarella sticks, boneless wings, a 7" pizza and chips and cheese dip. After giving our appetizer order the young lady asked the gentleman who seated us if the oven was working? He said as far as he knew the oven was working. He then came back and said the oven was NOT working. The waitress then told my son he could not order the pizza because the oven wasn't working. WAIT! WHAT?!  How is your oven NOT working???

I ordered a 3 item combo. Pork tamale tasted fine but it was covered with a poor canned tasting enchilada sauce; the chili relleno was filled with cheese reminiscent of Velveeta or Cheese Whiz..the relleno was a little bit over fried.. And the flauta was not crispy at all. Soft like a enchilada.Service was okay but it could not makeup for the dismal food.I'm definitely not a fan. Won"t go back. Roberto's greasy Mexican food is heads above the garbage served at Willy & Jose's.It was such a nice day I wanted to find a patio to sit on and drink a margarita. I was a little fooled by a review that mentioned "outdoor" seating. I guess I still can't wrap my head around all the fake b.s. that makes up this weird town. Yeah, no outdoors to be had. So I walk in and head for the bar.Margaritas - boring and watered down. Nothing exciting and really I can't believe that a casino would make something so ridiculously weak. They were fairly cheap though so that was ok.Chips and Salsa - Boring again. The bean dip and salsa had no flavor. The chips were kinda stale. I kept wishing there was flavor. None to be had.Fajitas - Seriously, even Casa Bonita does a better job. God were they ho hum. I mean at least TRY to put a little flavor in there. Service - The guy was nice enough but it seemed like he was tired and burned out. He was trying to be nice but you can tell he's been in Las Vegas too long.Atmosphere - It would have been ok but then some horrible music started up. Apparently, yet another cheesy, mouth breather "light show." The blaring sound of "Cotton Eyed Joe" had me practically running out the door. No, I won't be back. This is the first time I've been in Sam's Town and see NO REASON AT ALL to ever make it a second time. Place was just sad. I drove back home wondering if real Mexicans get irate at the insulting bastardization of their food. I KNOW this crap isn't what they eat. Save your money and go elsewhere. Anyone who has given this place a good review should stop reviewing anything because you CLEARLY have poor taste.Took my wife to this joint. Not impressed,  I ordered the most basic of mexican cuisine,  Chile Rellenos & Tamales and were disgusting, tasteless and offensive. Do not waste your money, Taco Bell would of been 100x's betterI've been coming to Sam's Town since the mid 90s, and each trip always included at least one visit to Willy and Jose's, and after I moved to Vegas a year ago, the visits stayed just as frequent. 15 years ago, the food, staff and service were amazing. However, ever since they moved into their current location (what used to be an Italian place originally), everything has gone downhill. I remember coming to visit year after year and having the same bartender, the same host and the same servers. Of course, all of them are long gone now - what a shame. The last 3 times I have visited, the hostess has been extremely rude or non existent. Tonight, we stood there for 10 minutes and kept being told "be right back". Finally, someone comes and tells us that their wait list has disappeared. Before I could even ask how long the wait was, she ran off. In between all this, she slammed into us with a stack of menus and just said "be right back". Eventually they locate their very modern piece of paper with names scribbled on and without even saying a time, ask for my name and start to write it down. After they finish, they say about 30 minutes. Where was that 15 minutes ago when we started? Oh, that rude hostess? She was wearing a shirt that indicated she works at the buffet. Either they are short handed or she was "too busy" to change. I'll go with the latter, since I've seen her there before. On the times where the rude staff weren't enough to conquer my hunger, the food is average at best. The value is decent, however avoid the bar. The drinks are extremely overpriced for the quality you get. Servers don't listen when you order. A perfect example is ordering a margarita without salt. Of course, he brings it with salt and like any reasonable customer would, I refused it. He walked back to the bar, took another glass and dumped the same margarita in another glass and brings it back to the table with a hefty amount of salt at the bottom. I do hope the powers that be, will look at this and assess their once famous Mexican restaurant.Walked into the restaurant on a very slow evening and was escorted to our table. The waitress appeared after 10 minutes and took our drink order. 15 minutes late the drinks were delivered. We placed our food order and the waitress disappeared. 25 minutes elapsed and we were on the way out when the waitress  appeared to deliver our order. We should have kept on walking as the food we had was more like something concocted in a small town in northern Canada. Tasteless all around and the salsa resembled ketchup with a few chunks of tomato thrown in. Should have gone to the burger joint instead. The tip was as non-existent as the waitress.Decided to go here for Cinco De Mayo and we were seated right away the hostess was nice. The bus boy came around got our drink order and our chips and salsa. But with my drinks I also ordered a drink that was made from the bar. I didn't get that for about 15 minutes because I had to ask again. We didn't see our waitress for about 10 minutes after we were seated. Her name was Bethany, her attitude for my daughter and I was like we were a burden. We weren't loud, we weren't obnoxious, for some reason as soon as she got to our table her whole attitude changed. She was chipper and friendly with all of her other tables and visited them frequently. My food was DISGUSTING (I ordered fish tacos, they were soggy, rice was hard and beans were crusty) but Bethany never came around to ask us how our food was or to ask if we needed anything. My daughter wasted her food because we couldn't get Bethany to bring us some ketchup because she made it a point to keep her distance from our table. We didn't get refills until AFTER we decided we were done with our food and SURPRISE it was the bus boy who asked because he could see the look of frustration on my face. When we finally got the check Bethany noticed I had only had two bites of ONE of the TWO fish tacos but she said nothing. She STILL didn't ask how the food was. This place just sucked. It's one thing if the food is good with bad service but when it's both, I'm sorry but I WILL NOT be returning here, FOR ANY REASON. Only good thing I have to say is nice view.I would like to give a full review of the restaurant except for the fact that the hostess at the front was such a rude bitch I didn't make it inside today is my birthday and I inquired about a special as Willy and Jose's used to do and now they do nothing f*** this place f*** Willy and Jose'sTook my family to Samstown for a night out and decided to have dinner at Willy and Jose's. Service is horrible. Was immediately seated and served drinks. After ordering our meals, we have been waiting for over an hour and still waiting for our food. Our drinks are empty and have not even been checked on by the waitress. Ordered a few mixed drinks as well, and sent them back because they are too strong and not mixed well. The groups around us that showed up after my family have been served and already paying to leave. I do not recommend this place to anyone and will never come back!We took our kids to see the Christmas lights and, against my better judgement, ate here for dinner. We waited an hour for our food (I think there was only 1 waitress so I felt bad for her and gave her a pass), got the wrong order (again, gave her a pass even though she didn't fix it or give us a discount) but the icing on the cake is when me and my husband got horrible food poisoning. Fun times! I hope the cooks get chile in their eyes for the rest of eternity.The worst fajitas I have ever had.  Like flavorless cardboard.  Service was also poor.  Never again.  The patio however was nice.This restaurant has had its share of problems. It was boarded up for so long; I finally decided to give it a try once more. Stepping inside took me back, it hadn't changed much from years gone by, I almost turned around expecting to see the old Nevada Palace behind me. After a moment or two I was seated, and a waitress came over to take my drink order. I had hot chocolate with the whipped cream; the whipped cream had all but disappeared by the time it was served. She came to get my order only to discover she had forgotten to give me a menu card.

The day we went it was around 110 outside and when I order our food I try to order 2 blended Margaritas and the guy at the restaurant counter said that they weren't on his pos menu but I could go to the bar and order directly. A little annoying but no biggie,here's where it all goes wrong.......

I have called their extension number in case i have experienced  some difficulty  which was printed on the  the brochure. No one was picking up for two hours now.( I can keep calling  with this until i check out )

The product is a visual eye sore.

at it's Ellsworth location for more than a decade, off and on. I have

An den Kundenwunsch hält man sich nicht unbedingt, und ein Lächeln oder ein freundliches Gesicht bei der Friseurin ward auch nicht gesehen. Von ihrem ruppigen Verhalten mal abgesehen (Kittel so wegziehen, dass alle Haare auf der Hose des Kunden landen, ohne ein Wort der Entschuldigung).

He said he changed my oil that my car didn't have any.. another lie my oil was on 60% when it was towed. I personally believe that Will blew my headgasket. I believe that he emptied my oil and drove my car until he ruined it. He did it because he wanted us to fork over more money by telling us that were having internal engine problems and that we should pay him to fix them. And that is exactly what he tried to do. He acted like I should be grateful to him for fixing a car that he messed up. And he didn't even fix it.. he made it worseWe will be taking our cars to the dealership from now on.Also plan on handling this in court.You know, I really want to slam my head in a door for choosing to stay at this place.  Allow me to list my grievances:1) There's no AC.  That's fine, as much of the city doesn't have it.  But the rooms and apartments are such that it is STIFLING in here.  The windows open about 3 inches, which is enough to tease but not enough to let a breeze through.  Every afternoon when I come back into the building, I immediately start sweating because it's 10 degrees hotter than outside.  In the heat of the day, in July.  The ceiling fan in the bedroom is merely decorative: it does not stir up any air.  The extra fan you can request?  Good luck, because they're going to tell you no and then be so unpleasant that you'll realize it'll be better just to go buy your own and schlep it across town.  Also, if you're in a westward-facing room, you're in direct sunlight for about 9 hours a day.  Awesome.2) The staff is unhelpful, to say the least.  The "included" amenities (like dishes, a microwave, toilet paper, towels, pots, pans, etc.) are rationed like this is WWII.  The front desk is curt and impolite.3) Whoever "cleaned" this place and has the nerve to put an envelope on the desk "For tips" is delusional.  They're supposed to tidy up and change sheets every 5 days; they came yesterday after 2 weeks of nothing but some creative alternatives for toilet paper and changed the sheets.  While they were here, though, they threw away my parking pass, my Rite Aid frequent whatever card, and some other little papers that I'd really kind of like to have.I know that this is a very negative review, but I also know that I would have enjoyed myself a lot more had I not stayed here.  The only thing this place has going for them is price, and really, I'm not sure you even get what you pay for.  I'm here for a UQAM summer program and made the mistake of thinking this would be the most trouble-free housing solution.  Boy, was I wrong.  If you're planning to stay for any period of time and/or cook here, be sure you can bring everything that you would need or that you will be satisfied with the possibility of never getting any of the most essential kitchen supplies.  Bring your own paper towels and toilet paper.Most importantly, remember that they're not worried about customer service.  They're worried about bleeding your wallet dry.What a horrible, nasty group that runs this little dive. They spend their time chasing away people who are seated at the gate - ie customers. Horrible.  Avoid.I ate at this sports bar because it was near my boarding gate. I should've just eaten outside before security check-point but I thought I'd eat inside so I wouldn't feel rushed. Big mistake. The food choices are limited once you get past security check-point so then you end up settling. i.e. "Round Table Pizza, Wendy's etc"They had a pretty standard breakfast menu with only a few items on it. I went with the breakfast platter as it seemed to be the least damaging. I ordered some apple juice & was kinda surprised when it was set on my table in a bottle. No glass. No ice. Just in a bottle as if out of a vending machine. I'd expect that from a Wendy's maybe but not a 'sit-down' restaurant. My waitress asks me if I want a glass and/or ice and I tell her yes. She leaves for a while and comes back with my glass. My food comes fairly quickly & it wasn't too appealing but it was enough to tide me over for the time being. Here's where they lose their stars. My waitress gets a call on her cellphone (there are about 5 different waitresses) and she proceeds to sit down at an empty table and speak in Spanish for a good 10 mins. I don't know if she was on her break but usually you don't take your breaks in plain sight of your customers.I'm trying to catch anyone's eye because I need my check so I can catch my flight. I finally flag one down halfway across the restaurant who brings me my check. "My" waitress sees all this but still has her phone conversation. I decide that I'm tired of having bad service and I don't leave her a very good tip. She didn't earn a good tip and I don't believe in rewarding bad service. Only once I get up and walk out does my waitress come back to wave goodbye to me; yelling at me as she chases me out. Skip it if you can. Small bar as it is for a 'sports bar' and there are better options out in the main terminal area.First off...having to wait at any airport for more than an hour is annoying. However, there are times when you cannot avoid it. And during those times, you're only hope is that there's a place where you can sit, relax, and have some food and drinks. Having pleasant service is a plus as well.If you find yourself stuck in Terminal 2 at Skyharbor Airport, then stay on the unsecured side and visit the bar there. The service I rec'd from Debbie at the All Star was standard at best in the beginning. It went down hill towards the end and was inexcusable at the end when she put the check down...that I didn't even ask for. Then came back 5 minutes later and told me...not ask me but told me to close my bill because she was leaving! I still have 3 hours until my flight but after Debbie...I got up and left, went back out to the unsecured area and sat down. Received outstanding service there. And going back through security was better than giving more money to this establishment.We have an issue with All Stars Sports Bar. Make that two.Firstly, just because you are one of the few liquor licensees within the airport, it doesn't give you permission to stock only the cruddiest of beers... Coors, Bud Light and Sam Adams. Oh please.Secondly, the Wendy's fast food next door serves equal or better food than All Stars, for half the price and twice the efficiency.

Update: So I called Blackjack blinds Talked to a live person and have an appointment for day after tomorrow.  Easy!I purchased gas at this station. it was uneventful, put my card into the pump. put $17.77 of gas in, my receipt said $17.77 and I left. no one else was getting gas at the time. I got home and see that this gas station sent two charges to my bank, one for the correct amoun of $17.77 and another Incorrectly for $119.49 -- the first thing i did was call my bank. they stated they obviously could not tell if the wrong pending charge for $119.49 would go thru or fall off in a a few days and that If Chevron (Terribles Herbst) called or faxed the bank with a request to remove the incorrect charge they would release that immediately. i called the gas station directly and got the manager. when i explained what happened she said, "so, why are you calling me? I didnt do it". I said you know i am a paying customer and you could at the very least act like you care and give me some decent customer service, like be nice and cordial, offer me a phone number to call. she just got more rude. I then called the Chevron home office and they hung up on me when i said i thought she was misunderstanding what actually has happened.We love the shakes at Sonic,  and this location is closest to our house.  Every time we go there for shakes however,  they are disgusting.  We have had to take then back almost every time,  or we just throw them away.  When we visit the Decatur location,  the shakes are always awesome.  We finally have given up on this location after dozens of chances.  They also take forever!  25 minutes is a short wait at this location.  If I could give zero stars I would.  Disgusting!!This Sonic is always so slow! And the drive through people let cars sit at the order speaker for a long time before even taking their order, thus falsely lowering their average drive through wait times. This place needs much better management!Once again, no iced tea and (even though sometimes the woman taking my order offers to take 2 mins and brew me some) the person working at 12:30 am on 8/18/2015 clearly couldn't be bothered. Guess you don't need my business.Again horrible service. Greeted at the drive-thru speaker with "Go ahead with your order." I placed my order and the only response was "$6.37." Then they messed up the order. No "sorry" was to be heard. When she handed me my order finally, she said no words. No "thank you" or anything. Once again, the management of this place is awful. How do they let these employees be so rude in a service industry??After a long day of shopping we came here for dinner. We waited for about 25 minutes at the drive-thru for someone to help us and only to be helped by a woman with attitude. After paying we asked for ranch and buffalo only to be told they don't have any ranch or any condiments whatsoever. The woman also had a big attitude when I asked her for a cup of ice.If I can give it a zero I would I been here 30 + waiting on my 4 drinks ugh..........Horrible service. Was there for happy hour, they took 2 things of my order brought it to me without reading my order back to me or my final price. Not only I  didnt get to finish my order. I asked to speak to the manager and he blew me off for 30 minutes before I decided to leave.  1 star. I'd give 0 if I could.0 stars for this Sonic. Very bad customer service. Employees are rude & sassy! Don't come here...ever.Rude customer service. Everytime my family and I would stop by for shakes there is a long line,but employees standing outside talking,having a smoke,etc. 30+ minutes waiting.I went here and got a car wash.  After the guys dried my truck, I reached in the door compartment to give them a few bucks that I always keep in my truck.  I was shocked to find that they took the money, along with a handful of quarters that was in my ashtray. Don't go here.  Someone working here is a crook.  I hope he gets caught.My boyfriend took my car to get it washed and smog at this location since I have been here once before and they do an awesome job with detailing and cleaning the car. They were even able to vacuum up all the dog hair on my seats.But after today, I'm having second thoughts about bringing my car back here since the guy driving from the end of the wash to the detailing section handled it like he was in some Ken Block Gymkhana video.The employees should treat these cars with the same respect as they would expect if it was their car. What if he had hit someone or something? What if my boyfriend wasn't standing outside and didn't see him do this? How many other cars has he done this to? This behavior is completely unacceptable.The employee got the tongue lashing he deserved but the dollar tip was way too much gratitude for his lack of service.Paid $19 for car wash and vacuuming, got there at 2:52pm, car came out of wash and was pulled into vacuum area, waited and waited, saw the guys joking around with each other as they were cleaning other cars, waited patiently, car was moved up to front, cleaning guys came by and looked at receipt in window and proceeded to clean other cars that cam out after mine from car wash, at 3:35 had enough told off the manager and got in my car and drove off, idiots working there will never use them again.I paid for the exterior AND interior to be washed/wiped and my seats were dusty, radio was still dusty, and my rims still had dirt all inside them. NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO HERE - THEY SUCK.Today I gave this place a 2nd chance because my 1st experience wasn't great. I feel like I pretty much paid for an automatic car wash. I purchased the wash that included interior & exterior and both times my car was still dirty. Didn't seem like much effort was put into vacuuming, wiping things down or my windows. They didn't even clean my back window at all. i did it myself when i got home. This place is horrible with poor quality work & I won't be going back... Ever!!! Annoyed that I wasted $25 today.Terrible customer service. Took my brand new car for a wash and their machines scratched all my paint. When I pointed out to them what happened they just blew me off. I wouldn't go there ever. BAD BUSINESS!!!!!I took my car in today after a good experience last month. I paid 20 dollars for a wash and now have to spend 200-300 dollars due to them scratching my window tint. I spoke to the manager and some girl who thought she was important and said that I did it and not to accuse them for my damage. They will not do anything for me. Its a shame they take our money but they don't take the responsibility when they damage a customers property. NEVER GO THERE. I am starting litigation against them.Took the car there today and paid $25 for a VIP wash. They only polished half the inside and didn't even shine the tires. It was the end of the day so it looks like they were rushing so they could go home. I know I should have double checked, but  they should do it right the first time.Been going to this car wash for over a year. Have watched things go from bad to worse. Last time my truck sat after coming out of the wash for so long that it had dried off in the sun before anyone even touched it. Water spots EVERYWHERE! Not to mention the bugs still on the front end. When I pointed them out, the kid told me, "That's up to the guys at the entrance, we don't have the tools out here to get them off." Sorry pal, but you do have the tools... It's called a TOWEL and a liitle elbow grease. NEVER AGAIN! Took me better than an hour at home to buff the spots back off of the paint. What was the point of paying them?Came here for a carpet clean and shampoo seats. They told me it would be charge 80 total plus addition 15 dollar tip!Seriously?! I thought you tip on how great they do. Not on how much they demand.This is gonna be the last time I come here.Tired of coming here and some jerk off runs up and tries to find chips in my windshieldDO NOT GO TO THIS CAR WASH!!!!I took my car to have it detailed and a stain removed from the front seat.  Not only were they unable to remove the stain, but they ripped the stitching from the seat!  I tried to get it reconciled but the manager BART was unable to do so.  I submitted to the Better Business Bureau with no response.  I will now be taking them to small claims court to be reimbursed to have my car seat fixed $175.BEWARE!!!!I have been there before and had gotten good service but today i went to get an oil change and a car wash. I went to the oil change guy first and he said he would take the car to get washed after he was done. about 20 minutes later he shows up to tell me that my filter needed changing and I say go ahead. He then tells me he will only take a few minutes and then off to the car wash. So there I am waiting patiently for my car to be done. I hate to be a pain so I wait without any concerns thinking to myself, these people know what they are doing. WRONG, i am waiting and waiting, finally i go see for myself what could be taking so long. The car was parked in the lot. No one ever bothered to inform me that my car was done. I complained to cashier who passed me off to the car wash manager. He apologized for the poor service and blamed it on the oil change guys. Said they were supposed to call me when it was done. Yeah right, they change oil not wash cars. They have no checks and balances over there. They don't work together as a complete service team. Next time I will just go to Jiffy. They are more professional. Lesson for others, if you get two services done, don't assume they work together. You are on your own to figure who is done with what and be your own customer service because they have none there.My daughter took her white car to be washed.  It was pretty dirty so she paid an extra $5 for the upgraded wash.  What a joke!  The front end still had bug residue on it, the white door edge moldings were still black, there was still road grease on the rocker panels, and the rear bumper had black marks that I easily wiped off with a damp microfiber.  Not going there again!I sent a package to florida on wednesday with the new girl and thursday i got the package back in front of my door on my vegas address! WowVery disappointing. I paid for a VIP wash. They forgot to vacuum an area in the 2 row, forgot to wipe the back windows, and I still have water marks on the outside of the moon roof. A REGULAR wash somewhere else would have been better.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Sinclair Choice is a bad choice.EVERYONE PLEASE BE CAREFUL, OUTSIDE THE PLACE, ONE HISPANIC GUY TRIES TO SELL THE FIXING WINDSHIELD DEAL. DON'T EVER EVER ACCEPT IT. That's scam. At first, he'll borrow your insurance ID card, then friendly fix your windshield, but at the end he pretends to call your insurance company and claim the company doesn't approve for some certain reason. And end up you have to pay that 5 minutes service 60 bucks.The place is great, the service is excellent , but nobody manages the place to prevent that guy from scamming the customers.Don't come to this car wash . After I got the car wash here , there's a lot of oil spots on my car window!Never coming back! This is my second visit and after my first disappointing visit I thought I'd give them another chance. This time my car went through the wash within 10 minutes but now is sitting here and no one has yet to touch it! I've been sitting here for 50 mins! I'm sorry but it shouldn't take that long to wash a car! I got VIP and is sure doesn't feel like it. Why tip?This place is not very smart. I have an old truck so obviously there are a few leaks in the engine. I went in for an oil change and was turned away because I have oil leaks. I've never been turned away from an oil change before but it seems like the lazy workers just wanted an easy day. Don't go here. They don't seem to careI had a car wash today!  From very beginning they tried to up sell for something $130 which I don't need. At best, they did a mediocre job and didnt even properly clean mats. I paid $25 and its not a low amount for a car wash. Wouldn't use it again!If there is a none star i will do that because here worst.Never ever come again.i paid 30 dolar include tip and when i looked my doormat its not clean and i asked to him he said its not included.Its carwash its not just polish my car tires.its the last time rob someone blind.And i saw good comment its really weird because washers arent know this job.There is a one guy came to me and whispered my ears you have crack on ur frontshield and i can fix that i said no many times to him but he was not give up!!!Sorry Sinclair, but charging a .75 fee if your purchase is under $7 does not fly with me. I realize there is a cost to using the ATM's however with your markup on snack foods were higher than most. My Kind bar was $2, so $2.75 for a bar I can get at Smith's for $1, it wont happen again!The selection of snacks was also poor. 7-11 I can always get fresh fruit and sushi. There was no fresh fruit. The Mexican Restaurant was closed on a Sunday afternoon. 9pm I can see it being closed. I chose the gas station as I had ten minutes to snack on something before I attended an event at the library. Sorry you lost my business.a lot stupid people that work there, especially the staff that works at the post officeI'm only giving one star because it wouldn't allow me to put no stars. I needed a car wash so I looked up online what time they closed and it said 5pm so I rushed to get there in time, I pulled in at 445 and they said the car wash was closed. A man came out and I asked why the car wash was closed and he said they close at 440. I told him that it said 5pm online and it even said that on the huge sign in front of us. I told him that I rushed to get there and he was very rude! You guys should change online and your signs to 440 if that's when you close so that you don't inconvenience people. I would've went somewhere else that actually stays open until 5 and doesn't close when they feel like it!Never again. Oil Change guys are great, but the creep trying to run the insurance scam/ windshield fixing racket has made this place a no go for meI purchased $25 VIP car wash today. I was there around 1 pm, it was very slow, only 2 cars before me, by the time my car finished my exterior wash, the other two were done. So it was only my car left for all the workers. I thought definitely my car will be super clean today.There were 3 guys who started cleaning my car from inside. They finished in less than 6 minutes, which was extremely quick. I asked one of the guy how come they finished so quickly and did not even vacuum my trunk. So he did what I asked. I went to take a look at my car, and there's was nothing even touched from passenger side. They didn't vacuum my car at all, they did not anything basically. I asked them to vacuum my car again... After all it was still dusty and dirty. None of the things were done whatever it includes in VIP wash.I wasted my time and money today. Definitely I will never go back.Came here twice for carpet shampoo. First time they said I came too late, should come around before or around 3 for carpet shampoo.Second time I came here around 3, the owner just said they are closing.Bad service. I don't think they really want to do business.Plus they close at 4. I don't know why they said they close at 6 on Yelp.Won't come again.Came here all the time before, everything was okay. Until today 2/20/2016 got the car wash and then noticed my tire was flat. Checked my tire and the automated washer had scratched up my rim and pop my tire. Went to talk to a manger (Angie) she had no clue what she was saying, and she sent some other guy out because she didn't know how to handle it. Then this guy just kept saying we didn't do it, no, no, no. Then this other guy came and started to get in my face. Then I said what are you guys going to do about my tire, and he said if I wasn't clocked in right now I'll show you what I would do, and then walked away. At this point I was shocked that he had said this to me. No apologies, didn't even offer a refund for my wash or help me change me tire. This place is just money hungry. If you want to risk your car being damaged this is the place to go. If you're looking for a 5star car wash, 2min drive down and you'll find ECO car wash!Never EVER go to these guys..I only went to them for YEARS because I lived close but not only have they stolen stuff from my car..they always mess with the radio(which I didn't pay for them to touch) and they broke it..the owner was there when it happened knowing that I'm a regular customer and never gave them any issues and I was treated as if I broke it myself and he wanted to give me the run around...over 600 dollars and a new lawyer hired lesson learned....DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE....taking care of their customers and good customer service/respect means nothing to themUsed to come here a lot for the manager special wash n hand wax for $30 since they opened. Today, I stopped by for wax n asked for manager special. That woman asked me "what manager special"! I told her politely "wash n wax". She said "NO" n she is mean n very unprofessional. With that attitude, I said no n thank. I drove away. When u left the lot, I was surprise there is only two cars in their lot. I am not surprise to see their customers are not coming back, like me. I also see a lot bad review in here about their services. It is sad to see them going down. Oh well, time to like for another car wash in south west area. If u find one please leave message n I appreciate.Awful service, attitude and no managerial responsibility. The smog check located on this site is also extremely unprofessional.  This is a place best avoided as there are now many more choices in the immediate area than ever before. Buyer beware!Rude manager, we were watching t v at the waiting room and he came in and changed the channel without asking us if we were watching. Never coming back here and will never recommend this place.went 2 years ago when they first opened 2 female employess acted real bored "I bet they were family members" never hire your family. cant give more than 1 star because when I got home my tacos were filled with "Cabbage" who the hell puts cabbage in their friggin tacos. I have been all over the world and never had cabbage put into a taco shell. what indigenous part of Mexico does this?????  tried to go back to just tell them to hold the cabbage but they are always closed for Pete's sake just go out of business....I'm not sure why this place has so many great reviews. The food was edible. That's about it. Nothing stood out. Personally, I think I could get a more authentic fish taco at Rubio's and a better tasting carnitas burrito at Chipotle--and at 1/2 the price. There wasn't enough flavor or spice or anything, really. Was asked what kind of salsa do I want? Um, I don't know, how about all of them? How do I know which one is best if I can't try them all? Total turn off. My burrito was dry and I didn't like having to beg for more soda. For God's sake invest in a salsa bar & let people get their own soda! One more tip: don't run out of utensils. Especially when customers don't appear to be lining up. When business is that slow, you shouldn't really run out of anything or make your guests wait while you restock the forks.I really wanted to like this place but it just didn't happen.First of all the girl @ the counter was very rude..she was a larger woman and I was just coming from the gym & in my workout outfit. She kind of rolled her eyes at me. I asked for a side salad..got a "noooo". Not sure why I didnt leave at that point..I ordered the fish tacos, sauce on the side.I got a very fried cod (not a fish I ever eat) square thing in a tortilla w loads of lettuce. The rice was not tasty and the beans were too fatty tasting. I ate a few bites and left.I guess when I think of fish tacos I'm thinking grilled fish, fresh salsa white rice black beans type . Maybe I'm just too much of a health foodie for phat phrank.This was one of the bad dining experiences you have every so often in life.  It was recommended to me so I thought I'd try it. There were a couple of red flags right off the bat. The first was that it was 5:30 in the evening, prime dinner hour and we were the only ones in there, however after a few minutes people did start coming in, it was never busy though. The second was the back.kitchen door was wide open and it was hot outside. The third was the person taking the orders was in a mood lethargic and really wasn't into helping us at all. When prodded she answered basic questions about the food. There was three of us, my son, his girlfriend, and myself. My sons gf and I ordered pork burritos and my son ordered a brc burrito. When you pay there is room for a tip. I always tip but I want to see the service first as this was a fast food restaurant. The same girl that took our order brought us our food kind of tossed it on the table and told me that there were holders on the wall to get the plastic silverware ( not understanding why I should tip for this). My son was ok with his burrito but his gf and I did not like ours at all. I didn't get the meat in mine my sons gf did and said it was tasteless. The rice was mushed together with some kind of seasoned salt and the beans were out of the can. One of the people that worked there asked how everything was and I told him not good. I didn't like the food and was going to head to McDonalds for something better. He called both the girl taking the orders and the cook out. The girl taking the order said she though my son and his gf ordered the same thing a brc burrito and I ordered the one with the pork, yet she tossed my sons gf the pork burrito. The cook looked at me and said Ne not liking the food was a matter of opinion and she hopes I enjoy another Mexican restaurant. I will and do because I love Mexican food. I only gave it one star because the food was cooked and so far none of us has gotten sick. Oh yeah one more thing the cook has long hair that should be kept in a net. Thank God I didn't have any of it in my food. This disaster cost me $28.00 I actually feel really bad that I paid them. It is not worth it. If you want good Mexican food go to Chili Verde. Also I feel bad about writing a bad review but this was exceptional.This place is over rated. This is not authentic at all. Very small portions and bland. The bathroom was our I'd seat covers. No salsa bar. Tapito the tables. Over priced.They are terrible say until 3pm on a Saturday and it wasn't even 1:30 and they locked door as we walked up what a terrible way to run something and get a first time customer to never return and write a bad review.Not sure why the marks in this place are so high. The food does not have much flavor.  We had a carnitas torta and carnitas taco. The beans were tasty- liked that they were not puréed so much that you could tell they were beans. The place is cute and staff is friendly.Ok the food is amazing i cant deny that, but for me i am all about customer service, as we walked in the 2 employees were sitting down,they looked at us and did not greet us their facial expressions said it all  ,the other fat ass got up huffing an puffing to the kitchen,  we ordered 2 drinks ,they got the drinks wrong  ,we were the only customers in there both burritos were good but  like i said the employees are rude ,no manager present avoid this place until they get new employeesGot my food ordered from postmates and my order was horrendous. My chicken plate was either 1. moldy or 2. Not thawed properly so there was strange grey/white blobs over my chicken. Was excited because I've heard great things but it was disgusting. Could not eat any of  it besides tortillas cause it was wrapped separately.Despite the friendly welcome, the food was very fat,the tortilla was swimming in the oil, and the presentation (plastic plates) terrible.

Round two of bad food and service: my husband's meal shows up. It's fine. Mine comes back. Cold again. Let the waiter know, again. More interrupting, more whisking away. The third time is the charm as my food comes out piping hot. But that was mostly because the kitchen staff put the plate in oven so it was too hot to touch. By the way, this is a kitchen trick to teach the customer a lesson. "You want it hot? You'll get it hot!!"

We will never purchase pie here again.  Over twenty years of family history is gone.  So sad!Not too peachy!!

From Patient to a Customer

So,City of Phoenix,kindly go fuck yourself and the asshole mentality you foster,approve and encourage.I have never been able to understand why the people I have encountered in positions at public government buildings with positions of confidentiality choose to go out of their way to loud talk people and make it their mission to Direct you elsewhere so that they do not have to help or provide assistance. Today, when I arrive 15 minutes before closing, I was told no one would be able to help me since they will be closing and everyone has left for the day, on a Tuesday. Shame!Trackside club is a joke. 1. VIP parking in the "citrus lot" is on Dirt Don't bring a nice car ( your paint will be trashed)

4. Website says the homemade cheesecake comes in a complimentary jar....plastic container , warm and def not homemade!

I used to smoke, but being a libertarian at heart, have a deep suspicion about anything that starts restricting life style issues. I know that 30+ million people still smoke, it is legal and suspect that a lot of renters are smokers.

Spending over $400 plus tip we left feeling unfulfilled and hungry.Don't waste your time and money here... Horrible is a nice way of describing this place... It started with our waiter Omar who one does not listen to what we have ordered, and two continued to bring us the wrong orders all night, and made us keep the wrong order...  It started off simple we wanted two long islands to drinks and Omar brings us tequila and tells us to just drink them.  My husband ordered the short ribs and Omar says no you need to get lamb y husband said no thank you He just wanted to try the short ribs... Well Omar brought my husband lamb instead of what he ordered. I ordered the capped mushrooms and even asked before hand how it is prepared... Omar stated that they are stuffed with other mushrooms and oven baked with cheese.  when Omar brought the mushrooms to the table the were brunt crisp and unedible... When i asked them why the were so brunt he said that's how they come and took off.  At this point we didn't even want to make a stink that everything was wrong about the whole dinner and experience so we asked for our check, we were just ready to pay and leave it took 30 minutes to recieve a bill... I explained to Omar that we had show tickets and were going to be late and he brushed his hand up saying ya i'll get there and ignored us. I finally called  over a manger to bring us our bill i did not want to ruin our only date night out complianing or be upset so we just got our check paid and went on our way... But since I did'nt get to speak to a manger I hope the owner reads how horrible the service and food was... not happy with this place at all. Too bad yelp doesn't have a zero star... I  had better service at a burger king then this place....Terrible and sketchy would be the 2 words to describe this place went in with large group and from the moment we walked in they couldn't push their $100 appetizer and $100 bottles of wine fast enough!! Waiter took it upon himself to order enough for group of 21 and filled the tables with them 2-3 on each and then blamed the chef that he made to many!!! Made them take most of them off bill and of course they recommend a bottle of wine to another part of my party that just happens to be $125 for bottle??? I asked party members if they knew and they had no idea cost? Waiter than goes on to recommend their $90 a piece steaks to guests keep in mind waiters tip is guaranteed due to size of party!!! Once agIn complained to manager and he was as useless As the waiter!! Will be speaking to ownership over this!! Food was ok at best "famous" popovers were burnt and gross!! Took forever for food and service was awful!!! Avoid at all costs!! Go to Gordon Ramsey steak house or the 9nine in palms or joes steakhouse!! If I could give it 0 stars I would!!! The only reason I didn't walk out with all 23 guests was they were customers of mine who were staying at ballys so I could not ruin their dinner over this but if it was family or friends we would have walked out!!! Do not eat here, oh did I mentioned I had called for reservations and when I got there they had my name down but no party size!!! Stay away!!!A steakhouse can not deliver quality steak, which is unacceptable.  Part of the steak was made carbonized, barely edible.   Although the manager took the steak from the check, but the dinner and the whole night were ruined.  Just so disappointed.My colleague and I were staying at the Paris Hotel over the week of March Madness. After watching some of the tournament games at the Ballys sports book we met up with his brother, walked by BLT, and decided to stop in for dinner before going out.Dinner started with the complimentary duck liver spread and popovers, which I thought were both terrific. I then ordered their asparagus cream soup which I was told was somewhere between a cup and a bowl, our table ordered a few appetizers: onion rings, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and for my main meal I ordered a chicken dish. My colleague ordered a different chicken dish and his brother ordered fish.The soup came out and it was nowhere near a cup and much bigger than a bowl...too much in my opinion but OK, I appreciate the large portions and I can always stop. The soup was good. It had good flavor but was not as creamy as I would have expected.Next came the main course and appetizers. First the appetizers: the onion rings were  a soggy, oil saturated disaster. I could only eat one before my body begged me to think twice before continuing lest I end up collapsed in a gutter on the strip in dire need of a triple bypass. The Mashed potatoes and spinach were good but when I tell you the portions were small I am not kidding. The size of a Gerber baby food jar and that is not an exaggeration. I'm an average sized guy, 5'10" 160lb, and there was no way I was leaving that place satisfied even if I ate everything on the table.Next came the chicken. The first thing I thought when I saw the portion size was, "how nice of them, they sent out some complimentary chicken wings." Wrong...that was my dinner. There were two pathetic pieces of chicken sitting in a cast iron baking dish. One wing and one leg. Size-wise these would not have made the cut at Hooters. Both had a nice char on the outside and looked OK so I dug in. Well, it is a very good thing the waitress gave me a heavy, serrated steak knife to cut into them because otherwise I would not have stood a chance. It only took one reluctant bite before I had to call it quits. I had ordered chicken and they obviously made a mistake and served me the Petrified Chicken Jerky that I did not remember seeing on the menu. Waitress please!This is where a "two-star" meal becomes a "get-me-the-hell-out-of-here" star meal and easily the worst dining experience I have ever had in Las Vegas. After explaining to our waitress that there was no way I could eat this meal and showing her how badly over-cooked and inedible it was she apologized and told me she would speak with the manager. A few minutes later she came back and informed me that they would be taking 10% off our check and also taking off the one drink my colleagues brother ordered. I told her that I ate 0% of my entree so it would stand to reason that I should pay for 0% of the entree. My colleague's brother also could not eat his fish because it was rife with bones. Regardless, 10% and that was that. Supposedly there was nothing she could do about that. The order must have come down from great Caeser himself.Whatever. Since cost was not something we were going to haggle over we just paid our bill and left. On our way out we ran into the manager and he causally asked, "so gentlemen, how was your meal?" Well we let him know. It was obvious that he had no idea what had happened and was beside himself and very apologetic. I'm not sure how I felt about that since the waitress claimed that she spoke to the manager (maybe a different manager). Either way there was an obvious disconnect between the waitress, management, and the kitchen. That's a "high-level" red flag for me and tells me the place is poorly run.Now I used to manage a fairly large restaurant myself and I fully understand and expect a kitchen to have an occasional off night. And every once in a while I also expect that I will catch a restaurant on an off night. It's OK, it happens. No need to go running off and writing nasty reviews on Yelp. This place is a steak house and I'm sure (at least I hope) that their steaks are better than their chicken and fish so I will not hang them completely on the food however unacceptable it was.But, and this is a big one for me, when you are having a bad night and your guests are sending inedible food back to the kitchen you need to step up, accept responsibility and do your best to make it right. This did not happen in this situation and I'm not sure that it does in general at this establishment.One thing about Vegas is that it is known for the quality of the dining experience. I've had mostly top-level experiences at every restaurant I've been to in Vegas. This was bad...really bad....from beginning to end. Easily below Vegas standards and I can almost guarantee you that any other restaurant you choose would be better.Probably the worst run steakhouse I have ever been to. We had a reservation at 8 because I had a client meeting at 10 and we didn't even see our meals until 9:40.Incredibly poor service, not the fault of the servers at all, but the management needs to make some changes.We figure to give BLT Steak House a try since we saw good reviews on Yelp.  When we arrive, we were told that we cannot wait at the bar area because we have 2 children.  I have never been told of that at any $-$$$ Restaurants before...I simply don't understand.So we Stood Out Side with our little ones for 10min, no sittings. When we got it, we saw only 4 tables filled in the entire restaurant.  What the ... WHY Make us wait for 10mins?Trying no to think about the outside situation, we ordered what was reviewed so greatly on Yelp, the New York bone in steak, Rib Eye, Mash Potato, and Asparagus.New York Steak was so salty, there were a couple of bits that i had to remove because i can taste the salt.Rib Eye Steak was slightly better, but in no way good compare the price charged.

Bäckerei und Konditorei mit mehreren Filialen in Karlsruhe.

SPEAKING OF MONEY, if you want to take a 3 week vacation make sure you save 3 weeks of daycare expenses. ($265x3= $795 in addition to plane tickets, hotels, etc. WOW!!!!) That's right folks, if you want that warm and fuzzy that you child has the elusive SPOT held, then be ready to dish out money for every week your child isn't there. Go down the street to lets say Le Petite Academy and they only charge you half tuition every week, NOW THAT'S CUSTOMER SERVICE!Wow, what can I say, it a OK school, looks great from the outside and inside, but when you get to the heart if the school (staff, teachers)the school isn't that great. I paid  $210.00 a week for my son, everyday he always says "I don't want to go to school", I asked him, but he never tells me why.  He attended Kids Campus down the street before and never said that.  The staff never tries to remember your name, not like Kids Campus, after 1 week I was always welcomed following my name, after 2 months at CLA and never heard the staff say my name once.  We decided to go on a 10 day vacation, I told the school and they said, "There is no VACATION Days here", meaning while you take your child on vacation, they still bill you while your child is not there, and they automatically withdraw the funds from your account every week, at Kids campus they gave you 3 weeks in 1 year to go on vacation and not have to pay for it.  One time at Kids Campus we took a 6 week Vacation overseas and Kids Campus said, "Withdraw your child and just pay the $70.00 enrollment fee to hold his spot", so when we got back to the country we just had to pay for his time there, now that's what I call "CUSTOMER SERVICE".  I don't know why I ever removed him from Kids Campus, so parents beware this might not be the best school here in Vegas, looks great from the outside, but crappy in the inside.  (1hr later),Wow just got a phone call from the director of the school to speak with me about this post, I was very impressed that she called and was sympathetic of me concerns and said that the school employees Could have gone a different way to resolve my issues, but they didnt though, Thanks for the call.Poor customer service. I called several times and left several messages for the enrollment counselor. I have yet to receive a return call. I guess that they really did not want my child to attend.Sadly, this location is having a hard time getting on its feet. Today during the lunch rush, they scheduled a sign installation, requiring two gigantic trucks to take up the entire East side of the parking lot. This required workers to drill a plate blocking the drive-thru lane. To make matters worse, the kitchen couldn't keep up with the orders that were able to come in, few as they were. They sent two cars to wait for their orders, making them drive around the men with drills and after another 10 minute wait, at least one of those orders were wrong. On every visit, the drive-thru speaker isn't operating correctly (it's amusing what they hear when placing any order) and parts of the stand block the menu. You will never get the sauce you request, so don't bother asking. Another bonus? The employees are impatient--yeah, I would answer your question if I could see the part of the menu you're asking me to make a decision on. But, thank you for asking me the same question again, this time slowly and loudly. It's a hot mess.Food was horrible, catfish tasted like dirt.

-We asked for ice, had to ask a second server to bring us the ice after our server didn't, and when the ice was brought out he just brought us a bucket and set it on the table without saying anything. -My dad doesn't drink coffee or tea and asked if he could have a diet soda instead, and the server said "no, you only get what's on the card" in a very stiff and annoyed manner....like it would be that difficult to just give him a soft drink instead of coffee or tea. -My mom had a salad and the grilled salmon, my dad had a salad and the chicken marsala, and I had the calamari appetizer, pan seared salmon filet, and the "dessert" of "various pastries"

just plain ignoring the fact that he had a table? These were all

Food was terrible.Midnight my bf wakes up to throw up for the next 5 hours, he ended up sleeping in the bathroom until he had to get up and shower and get ready to go to work.  Poor thing.

Call them and complain to them .

I keep getting letters from them to sell my 2013 Equinox since my vehicle is in such "demand"  and a particular customer wantsmy car. would you guys quit already!

Tired of waiting for a cocktail going somewhere elseWill not come back again and will not recommend this this place to anyonePlace has gone down the crapper!!!  40 min wait for water and nachos???  Sheriff Joe treats his tent city prisoners better!!!I went here once and was not at all pleased. The service was slow, my order got messed up and the waitress was more concerned with gossiping with other staff members than taking our drink order. The burgers were dry and were not cooked to the temperature we ordered. It also took forever for the waitress to bring us back our change after we paid. I actually had to ask her to bring us our change and she had the nerve to say that she didn't think we needed any. I'm sorry, but I gave her a $100 bill and the total bill was $47. That really shocked meWell I've been there about 6 times. Unfortunately, the food keeps disappointing me. Service is good but the food is horrible.I used to love it here. I visited 12/11/15 for happy hour to find the owner on his computer not paying attention to people arriving and the place getting busy. The music on the radio was horrible. When we asked the waiter to put something more modern and upbeat on he said the owner wouldn't let him. I am not a maestro but sappy old music can kill anyone's mood. Then the owner came out to the patio where we were and yelled at our waiter that he was going to fire someone for not doing their job. We were dumbfounded. He saw us sitting there. Finally our crappy food came. It was obvious that we were unhappy and the crappy owner didn't acknowledge us. I don't know where the last  owner  went but this place sucks now.  Don't bother. The wine bar and Italian place down the walkway are better!I really wanted to like this place as it is close to home.  The service is lacking here.  This  place was not crowded but it took 30 minutes to get a burger and 3 street tacos. When the food arrived, both our orders were cold.  The fish in the taco was burnt. The carne asada was barely there and pork was pulled pork.  The burger cooked medium, as requested, was dry and tasteless.  We didn't complain because we will not be back.  Very disappointing.  Who can't make a decent burger?$8 for a frozen frappe??  This is one of those times when I knew I made a mistake before I even ordered but foolishly did it anyway.  It was late, starbucks was closed, and I needed a caffeine pick up to keep my night going strong.  First the cashier was not friendly at all and even copped an attitude when I changed my mind about the whipped cream.  Secondly it took forever for them to make my drink.  And lastly it was the worst frappe I have ever had  along with the most expensive. (tasted like bottom barrel coffee and super watered down)... a 7-11 $1.80 iced coffee tastes way better than this.Brought back a caramel apple & it was black with mold in the inside. Good thing we cut into it and didn't take a bite out of it!***review based on our food from Noodle and Sushi place****My husband was hungover, and I thought we gave this place a try because of all the good reviews... BIG MISTAKE - shouldn't made the decision when I'm hungry... The food is horrible. I ordered the Hong Kong Wonton Soup, California Roll, Tuna Sashimi, and my husband order the Miso Ramen.Both our soup was so bland, they did not provide any kind of sauce or seasoning to add. We took two bites and we were done. California roll was pre-made ( like what you get from Costco or Sam), Tuna was good (can't really mess up Tuna). Maybe other soup is good there but we are not coming back here for sure.Don't waste your time here.  The spicy tuna looked like ground beef, and was a slushy ground pink looking.

I ordered through Grubhub and was told that my estimated wait would be two hours. I wasn't willing to wait that long for something that was only 2 miles away.

Employee: "Just so you know it's a REAL Cappuccino"

-pricey just for plate of eggs, sausage, potatos, but everything is pricey out there

ThiefThis place is crazy. DON'T buy the groupon. The groupon is for a $36 dollar hour massage, which normally they sell for $60. The $60 massage is actually a private room massage, but if you call to schedule the groupon they give you the $40 open air massage. So actually you bought a $36 groupon that would actually cost $40. They LIE on the groupon to get your service, and then don't offer what you would actually get at the "$60" fee.I bought a 60-min Deep Tissue full body massage. What I got was more of a Reflexology, on my feet, and very little body massage! Very disappointed!! Huge Bait and switch, or False advertising! I ended up going to another Salon for a REAL massage the next day!This place is overpriced. The food was good and the service was good but it wasn't $22 an omelette good. I get that it's Vegas and I'll pay a premium for that as well as good food but with that said, not sure it was THAT good. Putting an expensive restaurant in the lobby of a busy casino/resort means you get no peace and quiet but an expensive bill. The decor felt like a shitty hangover where you just do it because it has to be done. Would I go back? Maybe only if I have to and was staying here again.Ordered the bbq rib rack for about $35. Came with little half filled basket of fries and red cabbage. The rib was super salty. I was only able to finish about 2 out of the 6 ribs. It's sad when the fries are the best item on the plate. Other item from group:

Overall, very disappointed.  I wanted to love Olive or Twist because I really enjoyed the time I had visited for a drink, but the dining experience was sorely lacking, especially for a dinner that was supposed to be a nice laid back start to our girl's night out.At the request of a friend, we had a brief girls night out at Olive or Twist. My first impression was the outdated decor. The restaurant has carpet which I find off putting. The drink menu is extensive; but, with the exception of one person in my party, we each found our drinks far too sweet. I ordered the cucumber basil martini, which was so sweet I had to send it back. The food was mediocre. I ordered the burger medium and it was over cooked to nearly well done. And then there was the cheesy lounge singer who sang a mishmosh of singer songwriter tunes from the 80s. The music was so loud and so bad that my friends I left and headed down the street to Butcher and the Rye.I stopped in last night for a drink with a group of friends... we were in town visiting and I had been wanting to try this place out since we walked past it on the last trip... what a disappointment.  The server was prompt to greet us and drop off drink menus, but then she failed to return to take our order for at least 20 minutes.  It would've been different if she had been slammed, but the entire time she was standing by the bar, just talking to her coworkers.  By the time she came to take our order we were ready to leave... and we should have... the martinis were not good and the server's disposition left much to be desired.  When we were ready to leave she made us feel like it was a bother to split our tabs between the five of us.  The one positive of the place was that I liked the ambiance, but it wasn't enough to make up for everything else being lackluster.  What I was hoping to be a great ending to the night turned into a dismal experience that put everyone in a bad mood.Not a fan of the service. Or I should say lack of. It literally killed me to leave a tip. No one deserves it. And I once tipped a server that never even waited on me before she left for the day. I overtip EVERYBODY and today it was all I could do to leave 20%.If you want a SNOTTY attitude this is the place for you, with sub-par food with high prices, you have found the perfect place for a bad combination. Upon entering the door at 3:40 pm the hostess said to us (my daughter and I)" We can seat you if you promise to leave by 6pm", now take it there is 16-18 tables with one table occupied. I guess we promised, so she seat us at the worse table in the House, near the bathroom/kitchen and next to the fire extinguisher. When we told the waitress this table was not working, she threw our menus on the table next to us. The food was minimal in size and minimal care of preparation, my daughter order a salad with chicken, the salad came out first, then a plate of chicken came out later for the customer to put on top of salad. My salmon was bland, and asked for lemon to help the dish out, and never received the lemon.. left half the salmon uneaten.  DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS ESTABLISHMENTIf you are a female group be prepared to be ignored by the male bartenders.  Stood patiently to get waited at the bar upstairs a male customer came up and he quickly served he pointed out to the bartender we had been standing there and he just looked at him like so what.  Guess the men at olive or Twist only like men.I had mixed feelings coming here on a Monday night for dinner after hearing about a really bad experience a friend of mine had not too long ago. We had a groupon that my girlfriend had purchased and we had to use it because it was expiring that week. The place was a bit crowded nothing outrageous that would make us want to go somewhere else, we were actually seated within five minutes with no reservation so far so good right? Well that's where it ended. Our waitress was the textbook version of horrible service. Drinks took forever to be delivered to our table, my girlfriends food was cold, and she forgot the soup that we had ordered. The food itself was decent ( I had the pepper crusted salmon) and the drink was just "meh". I really don't feel sorry at all for our waitress all, her attitude was horrible, and she wasn't really busting her butt waiting on multiple tables. Let it be known, if you plan on taking orders without writing them down, you better be able to deliver. The "acting manager" sat down at our table and apologized and took an extra 15% off our bill. I couldn't wait to get out of there and don't have any plans on returning anytime soon.My husband and I waited until after 10pm to come here because it was busy for a private event! I had my eyes set on the short ribs which is basically roast!!!!!! Yes roast! Enough said not impressed not happy and being we came up from Syracuse we obviously will never return! $70 bill and it wasn't good at all!!!!!Called in November to secure the upstairs for our wedding after party and were instructed that they do not accept reservations over a month prior to the event.  We were told to call back a month prior which we did only to learn that upstairs had been booked by another party.  Upon speaking to Brandon we learned they do in fact accept reservations over a month out.  So either the person we spoke with on the phone was misinformed or said that to get us off the phone.  In any case when learning this Brandon simply stated that we were wrong repeatedly and offered no alternative.  I wasn't expecting them to cancel the other party to accommodate our party.  However when I asked what he do to accommodate us he was unapologetic and rude.  The customer service displayed was some of the worst I have ever seen.Luckily an establishment in the area heard our issue and was SYMPATHETIC and worked with us to resolve our issue.  I will never set foot in that place again or spend a single cent there ever.Tried to order  one of the 5 dinner specials...the lobster mac and cheese and they were out (at only 7 pm... prime time dinner hr).... so I ordered the peppered salmon with mango salsa.... they brought me my meal but with no mango salsa.... just the salmon...all by itself.  I asked the waitress... didn't this come with the mango salsa topping?  She said oh yea it does... but we ran out that's why they didn't put it on..... needless to say.. it would be tough to eat peppered salmon with no salsa or sauce at all to offset the pepper.    I wasn't sure what to do at this point...so she said do you want some other sauce or something?  We asked her to check with the chef as to what he/she suggests.  5 min later she comes out and says they r going to make a new batch of mango salsa....I think to myself... I thought you were out and now they are making it?  Why didn't they do that in the first place.  They left my plate in front of me and 10 mins later they come out with a small bowl of salsa... by this time the rest of my table were done with their food...the meal was good with the salsa... but by now I was eating with everyone else done and my food was luke warm.  For a $20 meal at a  high end restaurant. ..This was quite a disappointment.Completely agree with Deborah: decent sandwich on absolutely horrible bread - mealy tomato and brown lettuce, too.  I know it was only $4/$7 for a 6"/12" sub, but it was pretty bad.  (I bought a 12", intending to take half home for later, but I wound up throwing the second half away, and I NEVER throw away food.)  As a Italian grocery, it seems okay, but the attitudes are a little snippy, and it's a pretty grungy-looking place.Maybe it's nostalgia for the cigar but I thought he looked ridiculous. He bragged about a $4 pepperoni roll. There's a reason it cost that, because it wasn't very good. The sauce was disappointing. I wouldn't come here for anything.The italian coldcut sub was a travesty! Lots of STALE bread with skimpy meat portions, and no hots or flavor. Bread better suited for pigeons than people. I can find better Italian sandwiches back home in Baltimore. We'll feed these to our dogs when we get home.  You get what you pay for. Avoid this tourist trap!First time in Pittsburgh, from Chicago. 1. NO ONE SEEMS TO KNOW HOW THE PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM WORKS.

Don't waste your time or money!Avoid this Kidsquest Boulder Station location and go for other locations at Las Vegas if possible!I was extremely dissatisfied about the child care service provided to my 19-month old baby from this center. First, during her 5-hour stay, not food nor drink was provided or attempted to be provided to my baby. My baby was crying like crazy when I picked her up. I need to give her formula immediately. She consumed it non-stop and stopped crying after that. I read the check-out form and no meal/snack/fluid was noted. Second, when I checked her in, the staff said a meal will be given to her since she will have a 5-hour stay from evening around dinner time. Obviously, it was just a lie. In addition, I was not reminded at all about the additional charge if I pick the kid up late. I was charged $25 even I was a few minutes late. Finally, the staff over there were totally unfriendly. I was treated like I have been giving them trouble. Their attribute was unacceptable and they were irresponsible for my kid's stay. I called the customer relations department and told them all these. They said they are going to research and talk to the director of this center. I will wait for their callback and may need to escalate this to Nevada Department of Health and Human Services of their inhuman treatment to my baby.While the hotel is somewhat decent for a so-claimed 3-star hotel, the staff at the casino is quite uneducated. I got the feeling that the dealers have no idea what they are doing. We got totally ripped off tonight. The dealer could not do simple math so we had to ask to call a manager to help him out with arithmetics. Wow. Never coming back to this ghetto place again...I was driving through and decided to spend a night here. The rooms are ok, yet the casino is a total scam. Homeless people roaming around with plastic bags, just waiting to jack your phone or wallet. Dealers allowing complete scams at their tables, barely speaking english, and not being able to count the chips (requiring managers assistance). Never coming back here again.I was promised a free comp from a host.  (Shane)  He never made the reservation.   Long story short, the host on duty tried to charge me $199 per room, (2 Rooms) when the online rate was $79.99 and I was supposed to receive a comp.  If your a player, stay away from this casino.  Shane's boss wasn't much better.  (Jose)  He did little to correct the issue.  These guys are a bunch of clowns.I'll start with I'll never stay here again.  I came as part of the Senior Softball Organization playing in the Southwest Championship Tournament in April 2015.  When I arrived, I asked about staying an extra night.  The clerk quoted me a $70ish price.  I asked about a Seniors/AAA/Military discount and was given a pen and was told that I needed to call the reservations desk for any discounts.  Really?  He had the room availability and price right there and couldn't help me....then another ball player was standing right next to me and said to remember asking for the breakfast tickets because they always forget to give them to the players.  I asked.  Was told that I don't get any tickets since I booked online.  Really?  I told them this was my first stay there and was there anything we could work out.  No, was the answer!  Really?  I took my wife and we went to our room...the one right next to the elevators and ice machine.  Really?  Room 623 for the record.  Oh, and it was a handicap room.   Now mind you, I didn't mind that, but I felt guilty that someone may actually need those particular amenities and I didn't want to be taking up a room that someone may actually need.  I rarely get amped up about anything, but I decided I needed to let management know how I was feeling.  So I went back down to the registration desk and politely spoke with "Joy" who had no joy in her job.  One could just see it.  I explained everything to her and asked again, "Since this is my and my wife's first visit to Boulder Station, is there anything we can work out?"  I had expectations they would comp breakfast or even provide some sort of nominal discount on the price.  What did Joy say?  NO!  .....REALLY!!!  Well, they had the opportunity to say "No" three times to me.  I get the biggest "NO" of all and will not ever stay there again.  Skip this place and stay at South Point or Sams Town.  Service "really" does matter there.Extremely disappointed we have no refrigerator or microwave. Plus we paid over $200 for our rate tonight months in advance only to check in to find they are offering our same room at $50. Feeling taken advantage of being Bellaigo is offering rooms for $159 tonight. When asked for a refund for the difference or comps we were denied. Sorry but I will never come here again.If you want a casino full of cigarette smoke and dirty card tables this would be the place. Boulder Station! At least put paper towels in bathroom so we can wash our hands.I was born and raised in Vegas i moved away but always came back to visit my family stay at Boulder station. Boulder Station is not what it used to be the service is atrocious they're not friendly anymore. My last three visits the front desk has been rude . I would often go to Boulder Station and made my reservation because me and my sister play poker machines there a lot. And went to the front desk to make my reservation and the woman handed me the  phone to make the reservation and I was on hold for at least 10 minutes. I asked her is this good customer service. She shrugged her shoulders I said I guess I can go somewhere else she didn't stop me. She did try to help me in anyway. Me and my sister went to Sam's town and play poker machines there now.! I ended up at the Golden Nugget it was cheaper and nicer.Buffet quality is prime in the morning. Dead stale at night and dinner time. The banana bread sits out all day as do most carbs such as biscuits and rice for example. The hotel manager acts surprised when you tell him.When I stayed here there was heavy construction on other rooms on the same floor! Why wouldn't they shut down the floor? It was very hard to sleep with the loud fans they left in those rooms with the doors ajar. They started work on the rooms at 7am as well. The manager plays dumb and offers you a measly one day credit and to move you elsewhere. You can hear everything in the halls and next door. Spend a tiny more and go up the road to Vegas.Sat at a machine for 30 minutes and didn't see a cocktail server. Place was dirty and disgusting, and as we left unhappy, we didn't see a server at all on our walk across the floor. Only redeeming quality was the service by the slot attendant when my machine messed up (go figure).I stayed here from Friday until Monday of this last week. oct 2-5, 2015. Our experience was ok the first day then when we called up front to let them know the a/c was not cooling the room, they changed the air filter without looking at it or anything. next day same thing a/c was not cooling room. We were able to switch rooms the last night into one of the suites where the a/c worked beautifully. but much to our dismay we left a couple clothing articles (very expensive) that when we called and asked about them there was supposedly a "lost and found" that I guess the maids do not use. so basically they stole our things when they realized or thought we had checked out . besides all that the only other issue was the cafe restaurant next to the buffet downstairs ..... orders came out wrong then when we finally got our food we had to wait even longer to talk to a manager much less par our bill. I would not recommend staying here nor would I ever stay here again. a staff full of thieves is enough for meThere steaks suck. What a waste of money and time. Never going back.!! When I was leaving I mention about the food, but they said it was too late. I offered to show them the burned steak that I didn't even touch. They wouldn't even look at it. Shame on them.!!!I have stayed here on many occasions even after my accident that took my leg.  Now I request an accessible room while making reservations and at check-in, and then get the run around about getting a shower chair.  The front desk gave is the run around and said if we stayed they could change rooms for us the next day.   The beds are stiff and sheets are itchy.   The casino is smoky and the drink staff is few and far between for the slot players.  They are a little more available to the table games. The buffet is normally pretty good and they have a line if you are a guest at the hotel or are handicapped.  Definitely, will not return to this hotel.Shiitiest hotel service in vegas. Wow, room key doesnt work. Ive been waiting for hAlf hour to get someone up here, and the front desk says they're fully book, which i find hard to believe. Im waiting outside my room at 2am... What a jokeThe servers can have a bit of an attitude and can be rude in the sportsbook area.  I wished they had negative star statutes. Because they deserved it today.  I asked one of the waitresses for a bottle of water, and she told me "oh you need a drink ticket..." I'm like FOR WATER?!? She's like "yeah"... I'm like ok... Nvm.  It's like pulling teeth for ANYTHING UNLESS you are putting money into the casino.  I'm not like everyone else, I know how to maneuver around stuff.  OAN another time I asked the server for a daiquiri and she's like " oh we don't do daiquiris here..." REALLY!?! UGHHHH.  this is why I just stick to the 99 cent margaritas at the bar so I can avoid this type of crap.  And the margarita machine wasn't freezing and I didn't want to walk on the other side of the casino to get one.Avoid this place at all costs.Booked this hotel for $164. When I checked in, they told me I need to pay a $100 deposit that Otel.com didn't mention. After the manager checked Otel.com, he came back and told me that the $100 deposit was in fact mentioned on the website. That was a bad lie, because I pulled out my phone and showed him the website so that he can see that it really isn't.After I asked him to show me where it says I need to pay the $100 deposit that I didn't have in my checkings account, he said they don't have Internet lol.Afterwards, he told me it wasn't my fault but I wasn't going to get a room. Well, I eventually figured out how to get the money, but that wasn't the end of it.While Otel.com says I only needed to pay a $13.99 fee, they ended up telling me it was $13.99 PER NIGHT. So yeah, they really know how to screw you over with the fine print/no print. Avoid at all costs.Only stay here if you have to. That's why I did. Class is definitely lacking as well as room amenities...No fridge, microwave or COFFEE maker. But there was the print of male genitalia on our window so we had that going for us. It smells like old people and cigarettes. Lots of old people here. The drinks are weaker than Woody Allen.Came here with my financee to play bingo and the doubers smell weird. 1 star!Hot chocolate was great.Shirley temple was great.Lady at the front counter was awesome.Once again douber smelt weird though. 1 star!

I just passed the mirror in the living room and caught a glimpse of myself,  and more importantly, my hair.  it's HORRIBLE.  All I asked her to do was just follow the same line of the cut that I had, and just clean up the sides and take out the weight around the crown.  The sides of my head look like they were cut with a dull steak knife!  At one point she handed me my glasses and said, "See this part?  It'll  probably calm down in a few days."  W T F??????  Then towards the end, she goes, "oooh!!!  it got all puffy from me running my hands through it!  Let me wet it down."  She did, then she handed me my glasses and said, "Okay!  What do you want to do now?".  "Um, aren't YOU supposed to tell me that?""Well, there isn't a guy that I know who doesn't have a specific "thing" that they do to their hair.  Um...  do you want some product?"Starting to seethe....  through gritted teeth, "Yeah.  That would be nice...  and do you think you could maybe dry it seeing as how it's 13 degrees outside?"What really pisses me off is that I SPECIFICALLY ASKED FOR A SENIOR STYLIST.  When I was told that they didn't work on weekends, I was assured that I would have someone who was "mid range".  This b*&%# was TWENTY years old and had been cutting hair for a year.  THAT's "Mid Range"???    Jeebus. I can't even look at myself in the mirror. My recommendation to anyone is: DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE.

The girl at the checkout desk...

We are taking them to small claims court!!!

Yesterday (6/3) I went to get gas about noon, and tried three different debit cards at the pump -- all were rejected (my accounts are in good standing), so I went into the store (I've never needed to do this here or at other stations in the past) and started to tell the clerk what happened, she seemed to be well aware of the problem at the pump and said, yeah it's not working.  I said (which shouldn't have been necessary) that I wanted to buy gas, she then asked if I wanted to use a Debit Card (again, this should've been obvious), I said "OK, I just want to buy gas".  She asked how much, I told her I wanted to fill my tank.  She said that they'd have to authorize the card for $100 & adjust the amount afterwards.  I replied "that's a lot of trouble" -- her response was "WHATEVER".

and leave and our food still hadn't been served.  We asked

I can't specifically recall which days they aren't open but I think they're only open like 3 days a week because anytime I tried to make an appointment they would tell me there was no dentist in the office that day. I came in when I was about 4 months pregnant with a broken filling and my OB gave the okay for them to work on me but the woman who was there wanted nothing to do with even touching me. She was nice and I liked her but she refused to touch my tooth at all. I had to spend my whole pregnancy trying to eat on one side of my mouth and avoid that tooth...

Idk if they have a new person working in the prescription refill department, but I have NEVER had an issue before now.

Seriously, eff this placeIf I could give you NO stars I would. I went there on a thursday night at 9:15pm.  The tables were full but there were 5 seats at the bar. The hostess (manager) told me that it would be a 15min wait for the bar, seriously? there are five seats open! She then said that she had people waiting for the bar. Well, there was no one waiting and no one in the house next door. The problem is that people think it is OK to wait 3 hours for OK pizza and be rushed to finish because the media praises this place.

Thank god a family member loaned us the money so we could get the Jetta. I would recommend the Carmax experience over Honda/AutoNation to anyone.I've been wanting the new 2013/2014 Honda Accord Sedan for about a year and... I finally got one! THROUGH HONDA WEST! First of all, I highly recommend going to Honda West instead of having to deal with AutoNation's shitty customer service.A few days ago, I've been emailing with Michael Gannon at AutoNation Honda East LV, and he was very nice and helpful. He prepared a number of quotes for me and offered different options for me to review. Made an appt with him but when I got there, he was with other clients and asked his partner to assist me, which I was perfectly fine with. If you absolutely have to go to this dealership, at least ask for Michael and deal with nobody else.His partner (don't even remember his name) was the epitome of the pushy car salesman that everyone dislikes. Of course when you're purchasing a car you always look at different options so I was thinking about a used 2013 Accord as well. The partner kept pushing me to buy it while I was looking at it. After looking at the used 2013, I decided that I wanted a brand new 2014 instead. He continued to push the 2013 and going on about the positives of this vehicle. DUDE! I already told you I didn't want this car. What he was saying went through one ear and out the other.Finally, we move on and start discussing the 2014. While pulling my financials, my credit score was not as good as I thought (they pull the middle score from Experian) so mine came back a couple points lower than average. They gave me over 10% APR. I got a 13.9% APR through Carmax when I had NO credit history whatsoever, and with $0 down. They were not very willing to work with me either, and I was ready to put $5000 down because my previous vehicle had negative equity. Their high interest rates were making my payments around $550+ a month. INSANE! I can go lease a new Mercedes for $550-600/month!Then the partner brought out a female manager who was a complete B I T C H. She took one look at my credit report and didn't even think to offer different options. She said, in these exact words, "well what rate do you expect with your credit?" in a rude tone. Really?! I'm not in the car business so I don't know. How about you work with me and come up with an option that makes both of us comfortable? She was basically saying "this is the best deal you're going to get, take it or leave it". WRONG! And no thanks, I'll leave it!The next day, I went to Honda West and bought my new 2014 Honda Accord. I've been visiting Honda West periodically to look at this vehicle because I've been wanting it for that long. Every time I went, all their staff was extremely helpful and always laid out different options for me to think about. And they've never been pushy with me; letting me take my time to explore my new potential vehicle, showing me all the features EVEN when I told them I wasn't ready to buy the vehicle yet. This time when I was ready to buy, my salesman, Jonathan Warner, kept helping me negotiate with the financial department and got me a deal I was comfortable with, and couldn't refuse.AutoNation Honda needs to understand they are a HONDA dealership, not a Mercedes or other high end make. And they may get many customers who have good credit and are an easy sell, but will get customers that have no or shitty credit as well. Regardless, a customer is a customer and a sale is a sale. Especially at this time, many people are recovering from foreclosures and bankruptcy which has ruined their score. However, they come to you ready to purchase a vehicle and are treated like dirt. Me being in the sales + customer service industry as well, their attitudes were completely unacceptable. Not only did you lose me as a customer, I will always advise all my friends AGAINST going to this dealership to purchase a vehicle. In addition... I am a Yelper! And now have written about my horrible experience with AutoNation & staff for the world to see.LESS THEN 1 *      Sin City is the correct name for this Honda dealer... My window cable broke on my 2002 CRV. Jarred only wanted $620.  I told him I could buy a whole new door for less.  He said"what if the color doesn't match?".  I could paint it...

The seats have big dips or holes, that you completely fall in (definitely worn out!)I should be enjoying my lunch but instead

The bill came to  $177 and change!  They tried to "slip me a mickey" for several extra charges(valve stems, disposal, warranty, etc!!). Finally, after noting I called them,  they settled for $143 and change!Strike 3:The next day I decided to check the tire pressure with a professional quality "steam gauge" pressure device. Tires were rated for 50 lbs cold. One tire was reading 68 lbs and the other at 32 lbs!  I had a mechanic check my work. Same thing!  I was told at Big O the lug bolts were tightened to 100 lbs torque. After the tire pressure errors by Big O , I knew I should check the lug bolts.  Well two strong men both working together  could not use a standard 4 armed lug wrench to break them loose. We had to revert to a breaker bar with a 5' section of pipe to break it loose to a manageable torque.The only thing good I can say is that the staff were nice and friendly.. But in the end, their work was shoddy and poor quality. Luckily I loosened the bolts enough that if I do have a flat I will not be stuck in BF Egypt with no way to get them off! Good luck if you have to go there!Golf course is in poor condition.  Greens were just punched and are slow and bumpy. Bunkers are hard in the bottom, mainly due to water in the bunkers that has been left to dry.  There is a lot of construction going on and very noisy and dusty.  Not worth the money.  Hopefully it will get better.Had lunch at the golf course and they served me food I didn't  order.  I ordered a Reuben sandwich and was served a turkey roll up. Management has some work to do!Never go here late. Got into town wanted some food and if I only sat here for over a half hour before anyone came and even gave me a menu and talk about a shitty attitude. The crack head that took our order could have not gotten everything more wrong! Avoid this place at all costs!WORST DENNY'S EVER. I should have went to McDonald's for fast food instead. The bathrooms reeked of weed. The food was cooked slow when there was no one else in the restaurant. My pancake puppies came out burnt. I ate them anyways because I was so hungry. When my food came out, I was greeted with a quesadilla that had barely any cheese in it. To add salt to wound, they used American sliced cheese it! How do you mess up something that is one of the easiest foods to make?? My boyfriend's chicken wrap was made with very hard tortilla. The place I guess is under new (mediocre) management. There was only one server and one manager who was the cook. Never going there again. Zero stars if that was possible. No actually. Just go out of business already. I'm sure it went under new management for a reasonPoor service. Waited too long for waitress ( Kim) to take our order.  not happy. Will very likely eat somewhere else next time.Place is nicely remodeled but the service is super slow and so is the food coming out. It's only a Thursday morning after a breakfast rush. Won't come back if I'm ever in a hurryBad, stay away! Everyone here is in training, the cook doesn't know how to cook.

She begins to attempt to hard sell me on the Lime membership and again I tell her I can't get value for myself from it.

Stay away and try things off the strip. Stay clear of The Buffet unless its free, but even though they say free you have to pay tax on free. All the low marks on yelp are accurate. Not a good hotel to stay, just stay clear the customer service sucks.Came here on a Saturday for brunch. The food was not very good and the selection was not appealing to me. The clams in butter still had sand in them.I guess this place is not so bad if you're only eating crab legs and prime rib. However, the crab legs are really small and the prime rib  was okay. I took the last piece and they did not really bring it back until 30 min/hour later.Service was slow.Overall, a waste of money. I am glad I went to Tix4Tonight to get a good deal for this place.Nightmare. Not worth it even it's cheap.There are too many great buffets at the same price to go to the Monte Carlo.  The problem is that their menu is uninspired (it's a carbon copy of any Hometown Buffet), and the meat is just awful.  I took a piece of rare sirloin steak and just gave up after 2-3 mins of trying to cut it.  The prime rib was dry and flavorless, and the pork chops tasted microwaved.  I basically filled up on rice and pork dumplings from the Asian section.  When you go to the Monte Carlo's buffet, you'll never, ever see a line.  There are plenty of empty booths, and no line for the food either.Now, I don't like lines.  But think about it: there is no line *for a very good reason.*You can do better.  Go somewhere else.  For $14.99, this would be a fair deal.  For $22.99, it's the biggest ripoff in Vegas.Probably one of the smaller buffets on the strip. We were disappointed by the lack of food and of the food quality.  It is priced the same as some of the more upscale and larger buffets.....go to those!Eats: Breakfast BuffetFood: You do get choices of breakfast and lunch items. The waffle was more on the soggy side. The oatmeal was super watery, and the orange juice was watered down. Also, it would be helpful if they labeled all their items.

3 kinds of nasty-looking, picked-apart fish in puddles of grease

- Horrible quality of food

- 15 mins later, a couple of appetizers.

patrons into a room, so they cant move. This allows the bouncers to antagonize the customers, they dont like. I guess they can kick you out for pushing and fighting and all your doing is walking and trying not to get trampled over.  While standing on the outskirts I noticed girls and waitress fall off the VIP stage, hurting themselves, breaking ankles and splashing drinks on innocent bystanders.The manager, is a curly head Bryant Gumbel looking tight woad,  with a bill belamy relaxer perm, he really tries to fit in on this side of town and it shows.  He begs for acknowledgement, and everyone see's it.   He talks to the waitress and the young girls that work for them,   like they are his little children, telling them get to work. Stop talking!  Total buzz kill,  he seemed very unprofessional in public. The way VIP is set up is dangerous, little hostess tight rope on a 8 inch beam, while serving drinks to drunken, Pally D wanna bees .  This place is a lawsuit ready to happen. Especially if a fire or fight breaks out wow, problems!  The hostess fall off the stage and spill drinks on the customers. While the bouncer and the managers walk around as if they are Robo cop, with microphones,that allows them to speak to someone through the ear pieces, all while getting paid a whopping $10.25 an hour! Please steer clear of this establishment, at least while the current management and staff are in charge. This is not a welcoming environment at all. You will witness, managers and staff intentionally use harassing rhetoric to escalate violence with customers, that are already under the influence. Very confrontational communication styles.Only because the Police are out front.  The interaction with staff is less friendly and more in your face, pushy and antagonizing.    I had a friend get arrested here a few months ago from back east,  oops their mistake, he is a practicing 10 year attorney, they will be changing staff sooner then they think at this location. Overall this place feels like the wrong side of town. Good luck to you all.Cant smoke cigars on patio but can smoke cigarettes.  Makes loads of sense.  Wont be back.I wish no stars were an option...

ever tried the food.. so cant really speak on that, all in all had high hopes for this place to be a regular hang out but after this experience not so muchI was really excited about this place. Ive been following the production and everything on Facebook for months but man, what a let down. Came here a few nights ago with a girlfriend and expected a upscale insert coins. the decor is ok, the arcade part is pretty tiny and a few of the machines were already out of order. The bartenders were a nightmare. So rude and made us feel as if we were annoying them. Also we asked for a drink/beer list & they claimed they didn't have one and then struggled naming the beers they had. Ill be sticking to Insert Coins. or maybe try back when they have their shit together.So I was excited about checking this place out heard good things from a friend.  My mother and I went in on a Tuesday afternoon and decided to grab some lunch  it was nice out so we sat out side.  We were greeted and brought drinks I was undecided so my mother ordered first and I was ok on waiting once I decided.  She ordered a salad didn't like it but she's just picky I tasted it and ended up eating half of it. I also ordered a crazy burger, which turned out to be amazing .But here's we're things go south! I decided to introduce myself to the owners inside after asking about their drink menu & creator. Went outside and continued eating ....... The bartender never came to check on us after she dropped off my food? And after finishing and waiting probably 35 mins I finally went inside to ask for my check.  She brought it out and hurried back to the bar. Mind you the owners were the only people in the whole place but us. I ended up bringing in my card to pay and left 20% for her tip which is unheard of I usually tip 80% or more if I'm happy I've been a bartender for 15 years I over everyone! I gave this place one star because you should always pay more attention to your customers then your owners at any time .Been waiting for this place to open for a few months with anticipation & I guess that got the best of me bc it ended up being a big disappointment. We stopped in for lunch on a weekday a couple weeks after they opened. The menu was small & I had a really hard time time deciding on what to order, mainly bc nothing really sounded all that enticing. I was also somewhat surprised that they didn't have any lunch specials to offer. The waitress said that was their regular menu that they have all the time. Really? You don't even get fries with your sandwiches. Yep, a la carte baby! & trust me, these are not a la carte worthy fries. I finally settled on the "Flyin Hawaiian" chicken sandwich. The chicken tasted like it had been cooked that morning & then reheated right before they brought it it to me, not to mention that all the different flavors just really didn't work well together. The fries are not really even worth mentioning. Definitely not fresh & the dipping sauces were bland & didn't even get served until we were almost done eating. My husband got the cajun meat sticks which were overcooked & tough. It was just 3 sticks served on a bed of crispy fried hashbrowns? It was probably one of the most boring dishes I've ever seen or had the displeasure of tasting. Service was painfully slow & there were only about 2 or 3 other tables being waited on. Right before leaving, I made the mistake of asking why the restaurant was only going to be serving to patrons 18 & over. I didn't realize that when we first sat down & noticed a sign as we were getting ready to leave so I was curious. The waitress launched into a nasty anti-kid rant. Chill lady, it was a question. I'm not a psychiatrist that can help you with your feelings about why you don't like kids. I can understand bars that don't allow people under 21 in, but to have a place smack dab in suburban Henderson with a very fun feel to it with classic video games & the ability to separate the bar area, (can we say completely different building?!) I don't understand why you wouldn't want to expand your client base! Our family would probably be eating there (if the food ever got better) min 1-2 times a month with my 3 growing boys.. They love the classic video games. Seems like a missed market to me. I have to say, I left with a pretty bad taste in my mouth & not just from the food :/Drinks not comp when playing and very hi price. There is a reason it closed before,Food was so so for bar food

I've been wanting to try Vatra since it opened because I live right down the street.  So on Monday, October 25, my husband and I and a friend tried it out.  We got there around 8 p.m. and we were literally the only people in the restaurant--there were some people in the bar, but not a single other person in the restaurant. I really liked the ambiance--they've done a nice job with the former purple gas station.  But our server was horrible--good attitude but everything was SLOW to come out which was more infuriating because we were the only ones there.  He completely forgot our salads and brought our dinners and didn't even realize he forgot the salads until we pointed it out to him.      We ordered one of the pizzas--nothing special at all; the paella--it was not paella its just seafood on top of some blah rice (despite the fact that the server told us the paella is one of their house specialites); and one of the steaks--the seasoning was really tasty--the only redeeming thing about our entire visit.  The forgotten salads were delivered with our dinner and were WAY overdressed to the point of being inedible.  We ended the evening with the beignets--I've never met a beignet I didn't like until these--they were tasteless bricks.  I would have loved to have liked this restaurant because of its great location and cool ambiance, but my experience made it such that I won't go back.This smaller outlet of Poke Express is disappointing.  Would rather make the trek up north for much better poke.   Service is good, but the issues here are the brown discolored fish I've seen more than once in the glass display case.  Often times they cut with the grain or there is too much sinew in the poke.  Just doesn't taste the same or have the nice texture that you would see at the location on Craig Road.first off, we drove around the parking lot a couple of times searching for poke express signage .. nope, there was only a little window decal on the door of island sushi and grill. after seeing rave reviews on yelp for the poke i had to try this place but perhaps my expectations were too high because i was thoroughly disappointed. i arrived thinking i would be able to take a look at the poke in the window and be able to pick but they were only making it to order. so there was hardly anything sitting in the display case...the set-up for the store is awkward as well needless to say we we're confused on where to order..the food itself was just okay. i ended up thinking to myself that this was definitely not worth the drive from the strip in search for...Not goodHella craving ahi poke tuna! Came here cuz my mom found it. Ehhhhh on their cutomer service. There are 3 areas to place food orders very confusing for 1st timers. There are several ppl here waiting for ever. Every1 has numbers but no food on their table. No one greets u when u 1st walk in as many people as there are smhUnbelievable. There comes a point when a business shouldn't have a dollar sign attached to everything. I ordered a poke bowl and just asked if they can make it spicy. They said no sorry we don't. I said oh ok no problem. Then the lady says you can buy a side of sriracha for 75 cents. What???!!!! I didn't know there was such a thing as an island place charging for sriracha? I should of asked if they charge for soy sauce, but then maybe they might just say yes since I'm asking. How is it that every single island place that I've ever seen has sriracha just sitting there? Did I miss the big newscast about the shortage of sriracha? Never again. Never island sushi either. I even go to poke express up north. Never again. Silly of you guys. Yea 75 cents is small change, but there is a principle here. It's just like I wouldn't pay for ketchup at a burger place. Pathetic. Can't wait to let everyone know.If I could give negative stars I would, they committed credit card fraud and then wouldn't own up to it. They changed my tip amount to more than twice what I wrote down and when I called to talk to them they adjusted it and then told me I must be wrong or my bank got it wrong. I get emails for every transaction and can see the old transaction record and the new one that went in right before they called me back. I can forgive a mistake but outright dishonesty is completely unacceptable.They ran my sister's card but doubled the tip she was trying to give them. That's not even legal. The food was good but sadly, we won't be returning to this establishment.I had a Ad from Total  Wine and went to Lees because they say right on the door "they match advertised prices" and Total Wine was out of stock of what wanted.  We took our 4 twelve packs to the counter and the girl said we could not use the Ad from Total Wine because the ad had coupons for the sale price.  Obviously they didn't want our business, which is funny because there was no one in the store. We will go back to Total Wine tomorrow when they get stock back in, not going to waste my time ever going to Lee's again.I called Barry for a weekly service estimate. He sent someone out who looked at my 1-acre property for about 2 minutes. I had Barry's crew do "landscaping" every other week for three visits. They were supposed to remove weeds from the gravel and the lawn, mow the lawn, and blow leaves from around the pool.  They left the weeds, pulled my flowers (from the flower bed), did not mow the lawn, and did a fair job removing leaves from around the pool. When I complained to Barry that weeds in my lawn were 12 inches high, he said that the grass would grow in and choke the weeds and that he didn't need to use weedkiller.  Um, yeah.Food is good.  That is all you can say.  Service is awful.  Not from the servers, but the sushi chef.  We finally just walked out.  We were the only people in the restaurant and we finally walked out after 1 hour and 45 minutes only getting 3 of our 7 ordered items.  Crazy horrible service. We will never go back.HORRIBLE service! The food is pretty good...good prices for lunch. But I cant believe how long it takes to get a couple of orders of sashimi. It took us approx 1 hr 45 min to get our complete order, which wasn't much. We will never go back just because of the poor service.As many of the reviews here on Yelp and other sites have consistently stated about Big Eye.. the SERVICE is HORRIBLE.  This COULD be a decent place since the food is not that bad, BUT with one sushi chef and one server (on most days) this place needs to think about service because people are not going to wait 1-2 hours for a meal (and this is a consistent problem at BIg Eye).The worst service I have ever had at any sushi restaurant.  From the minute we walk in and sat ourselves to the 80 degree temp in which we almost started to break a sweat while eating.  The food was good for the price but the service was crap.  My wife and I ordered 4 rolls, after they brought the first two 20 minutes later we had to hunt someone down to get them to the table and ask where our the other rolls we ordered.  The waiter says we ran out of eel was there something else you wanted.  Are you kidding me.  No apology no communication and no service.  What kind of establishment is this?  This was the worst service I have ever experienced in any sub par restaurant.  Just to comment on the layout, it feels somewhat like an upscale McDonald's.Don't waste your time with this one folks. We sat for 10 minutes before the server took our drink order. Drinks came out 10 minutes later. Then the server ignored us for another 25 minutes. Two beers in, 45 minutes later and no order. I had to flag down another server to let him know I don't have time for this. No apology. Horrible service...will never go back and make sure all my friends know about the experience. I won't be surprised if the doors close soon.Completely and totally unimpressed and quite disappointed.  The sushi is low quality (I'm quite the sushi nut) and the prices are quite high.  The place was dirty and the staff was rude and non attentive.  The food itself lacks taste and was put together really quickly.  We got the Vegas, Tootsie, Philadelphia and salmon rolls and usually are quite happy with that selection in other establishments but wished we would have just gone somewhere entirely different.We tried for the first time as it was fairly close to our house.  We have had sushi all over Scotsdale the last 5 years and this was the worst experience for a first time family to endure.  The waitress and manager tried to be attentive, but did not get close to satisfying us.  I had to get up and get wasabi dishes and soy sauce and had to go to the counter to get extra wasabi.  We never received plates to eat from.  The sushi was blah and blaher.  No taste, small portions and fish that you needed a magnifying glass to see.  And it was well overpriced at that.  Worst part was we had to watch most of the restaurant complain and send back food constantly.  So a bad night all around - I would not recommend trying and we definitely will not give a second look.Went here many months ago and had a terrible experience.  Very few people in the place on a mid-week evening and yet it took forever to get our food.  Sushi came out item by item instead of all together so people had to wait until their order came while others were eating.  Food was OK but service was horrible.Thought I'd give it a second chance tonight but they are nothing if not consistent.  Took 45 minutes for first of three rolls to come out.  Then  10 minutes between #2 and #3.  Meanwhile my guest ordered salmon and that was finished before my first roll appeared.When I let it be known that I was not pleased the waitress actually tried to convince me that we waited too long to decide and because there was only one sushi chef other tables got their orders in before ours.  Wait, it was my fault?  I don't think so.Two strikes and your out.  Every place deserves a second chance but not a third so this place is scratched from my list of places to go for dinner.Do not go here!  This place does't know how to run a business, I am amazed they are still open.  When we were seated (before we even sat down) I was asked what we would like to drink, um.. can I look at the menu first?  Also there was a total of 9 people in the restaurant including me and my husband.  I have patience of a saint, but the service here is ridiculous slow for how dead it was.  The server who could use a talking to about personality and a needs to check her attitude at the door RAN everywhere, very unprofessional.  Even though this establishment is right down the street, we will NEVER, EVER be back.  There are too many good restaurants in the area than to settle for sub par sushi with sh*tty staff.You might also want to change your elevator music, as it was loud and awful!!!  Also...after reading more Yelp reviews, the poor service is the only thing constant with this place!  Maybe instead of the manager "replying" to all the COMPLAINTS...he should be in the restaurant trying to teach his rude amateur staff!Service was great, but the food was terrible. This is one of those places that can make you never like sushi again. YUCK! Stay away!Maybe the sushi is good, but I kind of doubt it based on the quality of the yakisoba. Also, I watched the chef cutting a large portion of salmon and his slices were awkward and clumsy. I wouldn't recommend this overpriced filth to my worst enemy. STAY AWAY!As someone who always appreciates the hard work that servers go through day in and day out, this was the first time in my 39 years of life, that I paid the bill with ZERO tip.  Honestly, it was such a surreal experience with the completely oblivious attitude of the server, I can't put it into words.  The sushi was actually very good, but, wow, the server gal was dumbfounding.  She  was slow, non-responsive, and spoke in cryptic language, while my wife and I looked at each other like we were watching an odd movie or immersed in a nightmare of a dream...  Wow.....I purchased a Big Eye Sushi coupon from Restaurant.com in order to use at the Scottsdale location. They do not honor their restaurant.com coupons.Big Eye Sushi is dishonest and conducts practices that are illegal. After purchasing several coupons from restaurant.com, I was told that I could not use these for carry out. This incident occurred at 18:24 on 29 June 2013. There is NO restriction for carry out in the fine print. Online, it even says that they do accept these coupons for take out. Second, they charged an 18% gratuity for a party of three when I did use the coupon. I have no problems with tipping and actually intended to tip 20% since the waiter was friendly. However, the fine print mentioned nothing about an 18% gratuity for the restaurant.com promotion. In fact it implies the opposite telling guests to "tip your server on the full value of the guest check." Why should this be in writing if there's going to be an 18% gratuity? Finally, they do not allow the coupon to be used in conjunction with happy hour items: this is a good portion of the menu. While this isn't expressly stated on the promotional paper, they could argue to some degree that it is implied.In short, I feel very deceived from that promotional offer and spent a good amount of money for what turned out to be a scam provided by Big Eye Sushi. I will not eat there ever again.Oh, and the sushi isn't even that fresh, and twice they were out of items that we wanted to order. Please save your money and visit one of the many other excellent sushi bars in the area. If I could give them 0 stars, I would.Well...   the staff was great - our server a sweetheart.  But first they tried to serve us watered down vodka on the rocks - with a lame excuse.  And then the fish on some of the pieces of sashmi was crunchy, tasted fishy, and very thin.  Sadly, it appears BE is on shakey ground, or so it seems. For the money - head on over to Sushi Brokers.First off, I love sushi. Mostly all sushi, and I used to love this place but after my visit today- there is no way I would be back. I came in at about 1:20, they close briefly from 2-4 everyday. There was one other couple, a server and no sushi chef anywhere. The first thing I noticed was this huge tub sitting out behind the sushi bar that had some kind of fish/meat in it. No refrigeration, nothing. Also, the refrigerated area with fish in it was a disaster, and the fish just looked nasty. I figured it was just me so I ordered a beer and some gyoza. The gyoza came out burnt and slimy with some odd consistency I couldn't place. At that point the other couple left and it was just me sitting in there alone looking at this fish sitting out.I had already ordered my sushi, a Las Vegas and spicy tuna roll so I waited. Finally a chef emerged and I asked what the fish was sitting out. He responded it was Salmon and then promptly put it out of sight. My sushi was disgusting. I mean WOAH gross. The spicy tuna had a weird gray color to it and tasted off. So I ate one, and decided to try the Vegas. The vegas was awful. It tasted like I was eating old hot tuna, hopefully not something that had been sitting out. Regardless, I could only stomach the few bites I took, finished my beer and bailed.I've been there in the past and this wasn't the case, but judging by my stomachs reaction to that food, I really won't be back. Bleh. Super dirty and disappointing.I have visited just about every sushi spot in town and this was possibly some of the wort sushi my wife and I have ever had. It tasted like grocery store quality sushi. The rice was literally still wet. After first walking in I couldn't help but notice the strong fish smell. I have driven by numerous times and seen their front door wide open! This seems unheard of at any restaurant let alone a sushi bar. The prices even at happy hour were just reasonable considering the poor quality. The sushi chefs who are usually kind and friendly elsewhere had zero personality. We live very close to Big Eye and always wondered why it seemed so empty inside, the mystery was solved tonight on my first and last visit to this establishment.The sushi is decent. I've been charged double two times by this place. I'm not rich and I actually check my account. Nice try!   The beer is cold but pay by cash! The wait staff is slow.I went in last night (Sunday) and there were 3 people in the restaurant.  The guy at the front said it would be 30-40 minutes for food.  Not a very good first impression.  Needless to say, I have no food to review but me being the king of second and third chances I'll try again another time.Came in because it's close to our house, and the sign outside says happy hour all day, well to good to be true. I did not approve of the freshness or quality, I hate to write bad reviews but I won't be back.The sushi rolls are miniature. Sashimi paper thin. My wife and I were terribly disappointed. Just go to a place like Shogun (its been there for 25 years) and compare. The sushi chef has no personality which is why this place has no atmosphere.  What a waste of money.  After spending $50 we decided getting more sushi at this place was not worthwhile.  We went to AJs and got fresh fruit to fill up on the way home and laughed.  There are way too many great sushi restaurants in Scottsdale AZ to waste your time here.So the one star that I'm giving goes for the sushi which is really good when done correctly. I spent a lot of time in north Scottsdale working and I love sushi so this place seemed perfect. I have now given them four chances and been disappointed each time mostly with the customer service. I have found large chunks of plastic in my sushi roll and when I called to have my order refunded I talk to three separate managers and no one ever refunded my money. It honestly got to the point where I was just tired of calling so I took the loss. They have also double charged my card, and charged me regular price for beers during happy hour. Still the sushi is good so against my better judgment I went back tonight. I will give them the mistake was mine, I ordered a crunchy roll by mistake instead of a tootsie roll. I was willing to take the loss of 4$ difference in price and just switch them out. I understand it was my mistake. But again big eye sushi is only concerned with taking your money. I was told I would need to buy another roll even though I didn't want to keep both rolls. I understand that is their prerogative but I will no longer be patronizing this restaurant. I have worked in customer service for many years and I know that the savings of at most 12$ for the crunchy roll doesn't make sense at the loss of a repeat customer. Oh well good thing north Scottsdale has a lot of other sushi restaurants!Got some extra time on your hands? An agonizing, pulling teeth, experience. Someone fire the slow sushi chef, absolutely ridiculous! Good sushi if ya got the extra time and don't give a s#it about service.First of all, the food here is very marginal. Second of all, the service is very marginal. Third of all, the atmosphere is very marginal. Moreover, the prices are high.  And last but not least, the company's groupon is deceitful. Make sure you show it before the waitress takes your order or else you are in for a rude awakening. I would highly recommend avoiding this place.Do I have to give it a star? Waited 40 minutes and we still hadn't gotten our drinks and the place wasn't packed. People after us had their drinks before us! We had to ask the waiter to stop and take our order. Half the tables had no food! The service was so bad it hurt! Classic understaffing!!Do not waste your time!We live right around the corner loved this place for a long time. But the owner is to good to be in front and work the business. Has so way to many turn over of staff never had the same sushi chef. He just doesn't know how to run a Resturant. Be in front of your customer give them service, don't hind out in the back of the restaurant. It builds business!!I've been here maybe 3 times and every time I hoped it would get better but no. Worst sushi I've ever had and even worse service. The servers are not attentive and will disappear to the back for what seems like hours if you're wanting a refill. The sushi chef made my plate and left it sitting at his station while he walked to the back and I watched flies crawling all over my food (I did not eat it when he finally gave it to me). Needless to say, I will not be going back.Ordered the szechuan beef and chicken egg roll at lunch and it was bland and they gave me a vegetable  egg roll! There is a reason this place is empty at lunch time - overpriced, long wait for my dish, and below average bland food!The hygrometer of this restaurant is problematic. From wait staff long hair not tied back, filthy Windows and blinds, it makes you wonder what the back kitchen looks like. The order was wrong and the wait staff dost us with tea. Food was very bland.Nail U Luv? No, I really don't think so.This salon was laughably pathetic and resulted in the most pedestrian pedicure I've gotten in Phoenix. I only stopped here because I bought a rice cooker at Costco and wanted a new polish color. They really push the "white tips" but even I know that's entirely too gay for me.All things considered, the chairs here are rather comfy, just don't recline them all the way because it'll hit the wall. The TV was on a woman's sporting event. Shortly after I arrived more people came in and were waiting to be subjected to a subpar mis-treatment to their feet. Who knew there were so many masochists in CenPho?I hate being too critical of cheap salons but this place was not very well run. I must have come at a bad time because it felt like the inexperienced older brother was doing my nails. They were poorly done, took forever, and didnt last long. Sorry salon, I won't be back.Good God, talk about the longest, weakest pedicure ever. I was already at the mall, and thought I'd spoil myself by getting the first pedicure I'd had in awhile. First off, the water was cold, and when one of the employees adjusted it, it was still tepid. Secondly, the massaging chair? Didn't massage. I don't know if they only turned it on to the rocket launch setting for folks who had both hands and feet done, but the guy who did my nails ignored me come-puh-LEET-ly as he was doing his thing, and didn't seem to understand me when I asked him a question. I went for the sloughing of mes pieds because I go barefoot all the time. So, the nail tech pulled out what appeared to be a cheese grater. He went to town after he soaked my feet in some goo and wrapped them in saran wrap. When he was finished, he shook the item in question in the aforementioned cold water, cleaned it, and left it in the foot bath with my feet for awhile. I know it's my dead skin, but I didn't really want to have it floating around in the water with me. The nail tech failed to mention that white tips were extra when he asked me what color I wanted, so I was startled when the cost of the pedicure was $10 more than the sign outside proclaimed. I was willing to pay extra for the grooming of my hillbilly feet, but a heads up about the extra $5 for white tips would have been awesome.Finally, he finished, wandered off, and he just let me sit there. I wasn't even sure if this guy was coming back, or if someone else is going to remove the cotton from between my feet and give me some gnarly flip flops. When he did come back eventually, I was so bored and restless, I was mad I had to pay $27 for something I could have done at home, braless and comfortable, with some freakin' WARM water. My friend and I paid him and hightailed it out of there.Bottom line: Forget these schmucks. I'm glad I did some maintenance on my lovely feet, but I will definitely yelp where I'm going before I patronize the place!This place is the worst!!I went in for A spa pedicure and all they did was put my feet in water and they said that if I wanted them to add the salt that it was gonna be five dollars more!!, and if I wanted them to take out my calluses it was five dollars more!! to get my ingrown nail out it was five dollars more so basically I ended up paying $45 for a $16 pedicure never again will I ever go to that place!!I went in to get my nails, not only did my nails come out uneven but they looked crooked & when I asked the lady to fix them she got mad & hurt my hands when she was filing, the paint even looked horrible, I had to file & paint them over myself, 2 nails also came off a day later... Waste of $48!! I will never cheat on my nail guy again, lesson learned!!Ladies don't even think about coming here! It's over priced and the quality of work is poor. The salon is filthy and apparently they passed inspection. Shocking! I asked the nail technician how much they would charge for acrylic full set Ballerina style nails. The Asian lady said "$25." I agreed with the pricing and decided to get my nails done. This other lady who was not Asian went ahead and did my nails. She rushed and butchered my cuticles causing them to bleed. She did a sloppy job of filing my nails the style I wanted. Before she polished my nails, she said "Pay now." I gave her my debt card and she charged me $30. I asked the lady why she charged me an extra $5 and her response was "You want that style, $30." I told her that I asked her coworker for the pricing before getting my nails done and she said $25. The lady kept arguing and said it was actually $30. Apparently her coworker had made the mistake of giving me the wrong pricing. It was too late to walk out so I just had to move on and keep calm. I always leave a great tip especially when the quality of work is excellent, so I didn't tip her. My nails dried for almost 5 minutes and she said I had to leave because they were going to lunch. I've never had this kind of service before! My first and last time I will be coming here!About a month ago in early March I went to get a set of nails done after about 2 weeks the nails were already falling off & I got a fungus infection from them but it's already healed although I WOULDN'T recommend them to anyoneEaster was fast approaching and I was excited to finish my outfit by getting my nails done. The store had a couple of customers, several technicians not busy and a selection of designs to paint on your nails.I was seated right away, asked for acrylic nails. They asked me to pick a color. I showed the technician the ONE design I wanted on 2 nails - a heart made up of dots. That was SO simple compared to what they displayed. The technician said, " I no do design." I asked her who in the store DID do nail designs. She spoke to another nail tech in her native tounge and that nail tech told me in English, "We don't do designs." I pointed to the display of nails hand painted and said, "So you don't do nail designs but you have them displayed in your store? Okay, I'll take my business elsewhere!"I was refused service by this store and have never been there before... Won't give them a second look either!(o my gosh don't bother  ) my good spa day took a turn for the worst an nails didn't last longgggg. 0#Will never ever EVER come here again Ive had bad services before at other place but none push me to write a review I just got my nails and pedi done today I had never ever gotten gel before considering its kinda pricey so I did! My Gel pedi was ugly was not smooth on top.Then I notice the lady remove the tools they usually use to cut hangnails and remove cuticles or how ever you spell that from a "sanitize evelope" lies when I was doing my nails I saw the lady that did mines use the tools she did on me without sanitizing them Horrible! And then she put them back in the envelope for next customer! plus she hardly even scrubed my feet and had just gotten into the tub when then I notice shes about to paint them and when she finished scrubbing she put it back in her cart for next customer to use just like that.As for my arcrlyic nails as soon as I got home I just remembered sitting on my couch eating a watermelon looking over to my nails to see how one nail completely cracked on half!!! Paid 60 for Both and such a waste of money!!!Actually 61 lady charged me her own tip!!!My nails already look a week old!!!Food is awful.  Seating arrangements it is like you are sitting on top of

Her attitude is the worse! IDK if she sat down on something or what, she is rude and unprofessional.  If the company goes bankrupt YOU KNOW WHO TO BLAME.I feel horrible that I referred two of my close friends to the complex.Oh and they refused to pay the referral incentive although MY name was in the referral sheet.I work at the company down the street from there and WILL bash on that place till the day I die. kimmie falsifies the papers to let convicts into the complex that sell illegal substances through the junkie complex. Can prove who's lease was falsified as they still live there.There was a DEA raid there as well. Which busted a drug dealer with 12 lbs of illegal narcotics and money stashed inside the walls. TO ANYONE WHO IS THINKING ABOUT LIVING HERE, PAY THE EXTRA 50$ TO LIVE IN PEACE.Don't waste your time here. 1200$ a month for a three bdrm. most of the time something was broken.Ex-resident of this bad environmentDON'T MOVE IN HERE!!! When i first moved in kim was so nice and so convincing that, that was the perfect place to stay in while being pregnant. She is so sweet and nice to get you to move in! On the first day i moved in the sink was clogged and had a big water leak, the floors weren't even on the ground,  the counter on the bathroom wasn't even on the wall, the plug ins didn't work, the dish machine was almost falling out, the dryer didnt work, and i was paying almost paying  $800 in rent! On the second day, i went to show my mother around where i was staying at. As i was showing my mom the gym that is right next to the office my mom was laughing kinda loud and 1 of the apartment tenants, kims sister, yelled at my mom for being loud!!!! Like wtf! Are you serious?! Another thing there was alot of scorpions there be careful they are full of SCORPIONS DANGEROUS ZONE FOR KIDS! Also one time i had a friend come over and she had a puppy so kim that happened to live right across from my unit sent me a letter trying to already charge me for a pet deposit without even asking  me about this dog she seen.  I mean where is your privacy and i can't even have a friend over with a pet because she said she still had to charge me for a pet deposit! Ok to finish off here is the worst part! I just had my baby and my lease was coming to an end. My husband went to pay our last payment and told kim that we were leaving that month WE GAVE HER A 30 DAYS NOTICE and just because she was mad at us she said ok instead of telling my husband, "hey you have to leave it in writing".  Like that was her job. We aren't experienced in renting this was our second apartment complexs we ever rented. When the time came to turn in our keys she told my husband he still had to pay for that month because he didn't leave a moving notice in writing!!!! So we got into it because my husband did tell her a month before and she didn't give him no paper to sign or nothing! After the argument i said ok fine we'll stay the last month! And she said no you can't anymore i already have your keys. What?! Are you kidding me!  So i asked to speak to main management and she said, oh she is almost here and while we waited she went into her office and called her before getting there and told her lies.. when main management got there i explained everything she didn't care, she was also very disrespectful and had kims back! She said we couldn't stay our last month there and if we dont pay the last month she was going to sue us.. my husband and i walked out. A week later they already had people living there!  6 months later i get a call from a collection company saying that if we dont pay they were going to take my case to court and get this money out of my  paycheck with my social security number! They took advantage of us because we are young renters. We had our worst experience ever! Now we have a bad rental history because of them on both my husband and I because both of our socials were on there. We were trying to help build our credit so one day we can get a house and now we get this.. Don't move in!  Warning!When me and my wife were looking for somewhere to live and call home we came here Kim was so nice and awesome but that was only to get us to sign the contract when we started the contract they made us wait to move in apartment then when we first move in a lot of things are wrong and I have kids I did not feel safe when I started seeing scorpions walking around the living room and I told them about it and they said they can't really do anything but sent a little bug spray guy and he just came and sprayed around the door outside that was it which did not stop them also they started getting worser every month then when it came up 2 in my lease I told them right to her face at the desk this was our last month and I'm moving out and all she said to me was okay and didn't give me no papers to sign or anything so now we have to go through a big dispute over this and she's a liar these apartments really need new management and new owners even the maintenance man I used to talk to said he would never live here also it's like you're always being watched we can't have company over without being harassed or anything then there is the manager Kim that lives on property and her kids are always running around and the dogs are always out on the grass not even in the dog park or on leashes but got mad and others that were doing the same I will never recommend these apartments I rather live in the backseat of my carDO NOT MOVE IN TO THIS TRASH PLACE! Worst place anyone can live. They were extremely rude to my sister in law and her husband the whole time they lived there. They have a scorpion infestation and does nothing to correct it. I went to visit them and had a new puppy, I was there all other 2 or 3 hours and the management lady Kim was watching her apartment the whole time I was there then tried to make them pay a pet deposit even though the dog didn't live there! This Kim lady even made my sister in law cry right after she had her baby. When her husband went to pay the rent they were never there and had to call main management to get the late fee waived and Kim didn't like this so when he gave the 30 day notice did not inform them it had to be in writing so now they are being charged 800 dollars for another months rent even though they were moved out and rented the apartment to someone else even though they supposedly never got the 30 day notice. How the heck do you rent an apartment to someone not knowing the current residents aren't moving? Doesn't make sense. This is the shittiest place to live and try to make home. This Kim lady needs to get fired all reviews are against her and she treats people like crap! You'd be better off living under a bridge.All this reviews that are talking about kimmie she works on the 5101 obannon dr. 89106. Not this one! Worst management ever!Go to Vegas often and as such need internet service. I have stayed at this particular location over 10 times now, NOT ONE TIME was the WI-FI working or reliable. Management cares less about the  entire issue, the last time the friendly guy at the counter explaining they spent $6 overhauling the system and they still  have to reboot it every 45 minutes. WOWFor a business person that requires WI-FI, decent gym, go elsewhere. If you only need a bed, this would work fine.If I was just staying at this location for personal leisure, I may have given a 2 star review, but I came for business. We rented the convention space and paid for all of the basic requirements. We rented the space for a 3 day seminar that members paid to attend.Pros:Venue was clean overall.

I said, "& that's why we're throwing it out"He took the trash from me, but not after explaining to  me that they are a Vegan only environment  (which I understand) but it was freaking T-R-A-S-H ! LOL Anyways, we finally ordered our to-go order ... & an hour later, after seeing people come in after us, sit down, and eat, tip & leave, we asked for our money back.One stinking server came & asked our name for our to-go order. But she never came back with an update or anything! The manager tried to explain to us that the people who we saw come in after us, had ordered over the phone & then just happen to see an open seat & sat down. & that was the reason they came in after us & sat down & left before us. But at this point, an hour later we dgaf, we wanted out money back. & not once did they apologize, or offer a discount or a coupon.The manager rude af! I'm NEVER eating here EVER again!!!!!!!went in there last week and while the food looked good the staff was horrible. Stood there, the only customer in the store for almost five minutes with not one single hello or may I help you. It  I got stared at but that was about it. It was actually kind of creepy to have three people looking me and not one offering any assistance with ordering. Shame because I was actually going to place a rather large order but because they didnt seem to care, I walked out and decided to take my business somewhere that would appreciate it. Will not return with a staff like that. All three of them looked bothered to be there.The woman working was so rude that I didn't end up buying anything! I asked about the bread and the attitude she had was enough for me to walk out empty handed.First off I go here all the time, this will be my last. The girl in the front taking orders is a total sweetheart. Love her. She has always be so nice, attentive and sweet. However I went there tonight and requested my burger without cheese, which I always do, and the cook put cheese on it. The young lady wanted to make me a new one even make me one to go but I told her it was fine because it wasn't her fault. As I walked away with the burger the incompetent, arrogant, cook was told by her that I didn't want cheese and I hear him say "he'll be fine" very rudely. After I finished half my burger, didn't even care to finish the fries I left and told the cook that next time he might want to wait before the customer is gone before making such rude comments especially when he was completely in the wrong. Next time i'll hit up Five Guys. Lame. Broke this habit.Let's just say it won't become a habit for me.Wouldn't come back, not very customer friendly, go across the street to five guys

Would I go back to give it a second chance, nah, not for the price. The most unsatisfying place I have ever eaten.We have tried twice to eat here, and twice it has been closed. Yet every time I drive by it, the parking lot is packed. What restaurant doesn't serve dinner on Saturdays?Mediocre food.  Mediocre service. Sometimes you can, indeed, judge a book by its cover, and this place proves it.  I was going to write a long, detailed discussion of everything that sucked about my lunch there today, but I'll let the fact that this is my first one-star review (and I've reviewed some real dives) speak for itself.I had read good things about this place, so I was excited to try it.  Unfortunately, I did not have a good experience.  I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato and split pea soup.  The food took forever to arrive.  When it finally got there, my grilled cheese was missing the tomato, and the cheese was not completely melted.  I ate it as-is, since I didn't have the time to wait for a new sandwich.  I subsequently opened the ketchup bottle which somehow exploded shooting ketchup all over the table and my clothes.  Not a great start.  The pea soup was ok, but there were too many croutons in it and not enough peas.  After finishing our lunch, we waited at the table for an incredibly long time and never got our check.  We decided to go stand at the cash register to see if that would help.  The staff completely ignored us for about 5 minutes before someone finally came to the cash register (not a big place, they saw us waiting).  The lady at the cash register did explain that they usually were not that busy, but for us it was too little, too late.  There is no second chance to make a first impression: I'm not going back.So we finally ate here. The decor has not been updated since about 1967, and we were surrounded by overweight senior citizens reeking of cigarette smoke. The food was reminiscent of middle school cafeteria fare. The waitresses were very friendly, and the prices were not bad. We were obviously not the target demographic, though. Won't be back. Too bad, because we can walk there...Let me preface this review by saying two things: 1. if there was an option for negative stars, I'd give it and 2. I just ate there about 20 minutes ago and am still feeling pissed off. My husband and I were in the mood for a good breakfast this morning, so we got to thinking...Matt's? Matt's is always awesome, but we didn't feel like waiting out in the rain for over an hour. The Original Pancake House? It's a close second so we opted for that and headed out. Once we got there, we realized 350 other people had the same idea as us and the wait would be about an hour. Not feeling like waiting, we hopped back in the car and jumped on our phones to check out what Yelp thought would be good nearby. Linda's was one of the places that popped up along our drive and we had both passed it a few times, always talking about wanting to try it. We looked at the reviews and there were lots of good ones raving about the food (Really? Guy who said it was Matt's with pie? Really? I don't know where the hell you get off, but I'm holding you partially responsible for totally jacking up my Sunday breakfast). We got inside and the place is a real shithole. I don't mind, because I typically love eating at shady looking places and drinking in dive bars. It's like a real "slice of life" type of thing and I find the experience usually excels where the decor is lacking. Everything was blue and mauve...I haven't seen this much mauve since the late 80's. And again, that would usually be fine, except in this case, it doesn't look like anyone has cleaned the place since then either. Everywhere I looked, things were grimy and just not...clean. We sat at the counter (first mistake) and both ordered the JJ's Special (second mistake). Sitting at the counter was like having a backstage pass to a Michael Bolton show...or some other really shitty person you would never want to see backstage. We could see the entire operation and hear the cook bitching the whole time. That's right, I said cook. Singular. One person working in the kitchen. She came out a few times to yell at our server, called Linda (I sincerely hope it was not the owner Linda). She looked like the grandma from Napolean Dynamite. For those of you that get the reference, enough said. We could hear the dinging of microwave ovens and the grumbling of Napolean Dynamite's grandma in the weeds with tickets that she couldn't read due to Linda's supposedly shitty handwriting. We waited over a half hour for our food. Granted, we didn't have to wait to sit but seriously, a half hour for eggs, bacon and pancakes. When the food came out I was already over it. I took one look at the plate and knew this was not going to be good. My "over-easy" egg had totally runny whites and looked more like a sunny-side-up gone wrong. My bacon looked like it came from Fry's and the pancakes were the only edible thing on my plate. I don't know if they were edible because everything else was so totally shitty or if it was because I am 9 months pregnant and would have eaten shit cakes at that point. Nevertheless, the ambiance combined with the service and the food made for the absolute worst $28 I've ever spent on breakfast. $28 dollars!! For me and my husband to have pancakes, eggs, bacon and coffee. That did NOT include toast or potatoes and half the plate was inedible. It makes my blood boil just thinking of it and as I sit here writing, I am still starving. We should have just gone to the brass rail. Better service, better food quality (I am not joking) and it would have been $5.50 a person for the same meal. You fooled me once Linda. Shame on me. You won't be fooling me again!They don't seem to care about our business. They botched our delivery because they thought they didn't have the stones, even though they did.  They were rude, unhelpful, and about an hour and a half late.  They didn't think any of this was a problem.We'll try one other local place. We have about $10k in landscaping lined up, but if the local guys are all this indifferent to small orders, I won't trust them with the large ones. Marvel certainly isn't getting a second chance.Not happy with Marvel....have to agree that they don't care about their customers.  I ordered 10 tons of rocks and scheduled a 7am delivery time.  It is now 11:30am and they still aren't here.  I lost half a day of work and have been paying workers who have been standing around all morning because the materials aren't here.  Very frustrated with this place and will never use them again!The employees here need some serious training. They have no concept of customer service. They also have supply chain issues (always out of product and never know when it is coming in). I have tried Marvel a few times and each time the experience got worse. Will never go back now.Nice people, but when you take in 3 pairs of $150 jeans to have them shortened and they say yes we can keep the original hem apparently they think that means to cut off the original hem and stitch the alteration as close to they originally looked as possible. Everywhere else in the world that's called matching the stitch (which is usually cheaper) but not keeping the hem. Two totally different things and matching stitching isn't worth $10 per alteration. One last thing, they didn't even match the thread color and width well. Original is a faded yellow and they used a shiny bright yellow. Looks totally sloppy.They refused a refund and said they would fix it at the same price with the actual hem... If we went through a box of a ton of alterations scraps and matched it. Total scam artists. Too bad cash was paid or they would be getting a challenge from my credit card. I found them by yelp and hopefully other people consider this review before giving these dishonest business people any money.Took in one pair of pants to have a small hole in the groin area fixed. They took an extra two days then stated, was way over priced, and the pants look awful. Actually had to take them some where else in order to get them to being wearable again, will never go back.Typically, I try to support 'mom & pop' shops, however this shops was disappointing and worth a review. This place is overpriced for the quality of work. $10 for every little sewing job. There prices are substantially unreasonable. Additionally, I dropped off my 4 items that I wanted hemmed on 4/20/15. The woman in the front said to return the following week which would be 4/27/15 and that she would call me. She never called me so I then called her on Tuesday 4/28/15. No one answered and I did not leave a message. When I returned to pick up my clothes on 4/30/15, 10 days after I dropped off my 4 items that need to be hemmed, the woman in the front said that my items were not ready and I should have called because they were busy. Do not bring your clothes here; price and time length is unreasonable. I, now, have to find a new place to hem my pants.These people ruined my $300 dress I call ahead of time and asked if they were familiar with the material, the lady said yes I took it in two days later my dress was all stretched out and instead of owning up to it, she said there might have been a defect in the material Really!!

The served tea at the start which almost made me throw up because it tasted like hot water.

Minus a star: Server messed up the checksI doubt the birthday recipients enjoyed the birthday experience. Better dine on a non-birthday.One of the worst experiences of dining. My family and I wanted to celebrate my nieces birthday by taking her to one of her favorite restaurants "Benihana". I called 3 hours prior to our arrival to book our reservation of 11. We arrive promptly on time and the host informs me he cannot find our reservation. Skip ahead 20 minutes and the whole host staff was able to find the reservation but it had been canceled in error. The host that canceled it admitted fault but they had no available tables. Naturally, I argued that we shouldn't have to suffer due to their error. The host girl said "well, at least you don't have to wait an hour, be grateful." I was so appalled at the disrespect and awful customer service. Luckily we were able to find another establishment "Osaka Japanese" and they were able to seat us immediately and my niece had a great rest of her birthday. Please seek other restaurants other then Benihana.By far the worst service I've experienced. It started by seating down and waiting approximately 10 minutes to be asked what I would like to drink. Then another 10 minutes for the drink to arrive. Once the drink arrived I figured I just place my order hoping that would cut down on the time. Well I was told to hold on,  Which I absolutely didn't and walked out without touching the drink.. Definitely not returning to this place...Went to Benihana tonight.  The sushi was falling apart, the cocktails lacked any flavor of alcohol, the entrees were bland and I was charged incorrectly for my food.  When I tried to correct the issue, the server didn't consult the manager and said there was nothing she could do.  Never again Benihana and I won't recommend you to friends or family.We attended Benihana for a double date and were very pleased with our reservation and the people we sat next to. Two people at our table ordered the steak and when they were put on the grill, they were brown looking almost already cooked. Everything seemed to be fine but halfway through dinner my friend fell ill and had to be excussed. Within 2 hours 3 of the 4 people in our party fell ill due to the food. We were shiting and throwing up all night. Very disapointed and highly dissatisfied. I hope you take your services elsewhere.So we used to eat here a few times a month. That was two years ago. Recently we have tried 4 times and each time they quoted us over a hours wait. So tonight we went here knowing it may be a hours wait so we got there at 4:55 pm. They open for dinner at 5. When we walked in the place was empty and they still quoted us a hour. We waited the full hour in the bar ($57.00 for two MaiTai and 2 house wines). After the hour was up we asked how long the wait was and they said "your Edward right?" I replied no John and that is when they let me know they dropped us off the list. They did not know why we were no longer on the list. The only thing they could say was " we don't know why this happens but it will now be another 35 to 45 min. I had let them know my whole party was there at 5 and we would wait the full hour in the bar. Needless to say I'm done trying this location. I also saw 4 other parties leave as soon as they walked in and got such a long wait time quote. All of this happened when the restaurant was 65 to 75% empty!!!Fire the hosts or manager ASAP. It really seems like the host was doing everything to keep people from filling up the restaurant.From the hostess to the serving staff, poor experience for a return guest. We had a 7:45 reservation and weren't seated until 8:20. Prior to being seated, we arrived at 6:45 in an attempt to catch happy hour at the bar, yet stood around for 10 minutes before being greeted at the bar. We ended up grabbing happy hour elsewhere. None the less, while the experience can be fun, this establishment can use a lesson in service.We come here every year for my friends birthday dinner and every time we encounter the same problem and im not trying to get some free things for discounts but the hostess and managers thinks thats its completely a normal thing to wait additional 45 min for us to get seated at our table! We had a reservation at 7:00 pm and we were barely getting seated by 7:45pm! Im sure this happens so people will go to the bar and order drinks! Who trained these jokes? Im so tired of all these franchise companies to  get a bad rep because each location is doing their own thing and half ass the job not do what their job is supposed to be designed to make customer happy! Our chef also didn't have a personality at all and he dropped one of the cooking utensils when he was trying to show off his skills before he started cooking fried rice. How did he get hired? Makes perfect sense management is jacked up and employees are also jacked up with them. Definitely not coming back until they wake up and learn how to operate a simple restaurant business!Made a reservation 2 days in advance and still waited for 35 minutes. Wait staff and hostesses weren't a ball of sunshine either.We have been regulars at this place for years--love the servers! For our last visit, we didn't sit at the Teppanyaki table. There was glass in my fried rice. THERE WAS GLASS IN MY FRIED RICE! It look like some of the pieces of stoneware had chipped off of something. I scratched the roof of my mouth and was bleeding. When I asked for the manager, she decided to "fix the situation" by taking the fried rice off the bill--just the fried rice. I couldn't believe it. Also, they should offer an option to sit at a table without children--what a great way to destroy a nice dinner.Came here with my boyfriend on a Thursday for dinner. We were seated at the bar area tables and had to wait awhile to even be greeted by our server. After deciding what we wanted from the menu (two sushi rolls and entrees) our sushi came first. We tasted it and it was a tad dry so I figured id ask for some eel sauce. Our server was nowhere to be found for a good 10 mins. So i got up and asked for sauce from the sushi chef. Fine. After we finished our rolls, finally, about 15 mins later our salad and soup came out. Im not skilled with chopsticks and it took another 5 mins for our waiter to be spotted and more than 5 mins for forks. Plates werent cleared from our small table either. About 15 mins after we were done with soup ond salad our fried rice and shrimp came. By that time i was just ready to get out of there. I was annoyed. The food was good but didnt enjoy it because the service was so bad. After we ate i asked for the check and had to flag him down again to give him the card. I think they need to hire more servers. Service seems to be the biggest issue here. Very upset.Reservations don't mean anything at this location!  Waited 45 minutes longer with my reservation, plus another 20 minutes to get a server!!!!  This was not even a weekend!  And the hostesses at the front were young punks who had an attitude.  The manager, Brian, seem to purposely stay away from our table knowing how unhappy our party was.  Very bad management at this location!!  I have been to the Scottsdale location many times and have never had this problem.  Will NEVER go back to this one and don't recommend this location!!Poor service, long wait...no one cares about the customers. Basic chain. I've been to others all over the country. Don't waste your time at this one! My husband said and I quote, "I'd rather go to chilis" and we don't go there.We had 10 family member for our granddaughter 13th birthday and had the worst experience ever at any restaurant dining experience at this Benihana restaurant in Chandler, Az.   We had reservations and was told if we didn't arrive early our reservation would be cane led.   We waited one hour after our reservation time to be seated.   Upon being seated, it took 30 minutes to get our orders for drinks.   Another 40 minutes before cook arrived at our table to prepare food.  Not only was the food flavorless and dry, it was terrible.  The cook was had no personally and was very boring during the preparation of the food.  In addition to poor service and very poor quality of food the manager / general manager wouldn't except the birthday coupon for our grand daughter and was exceptionally rude to us about the quality of service and food.  Three hours later we left needless to say very sad we made decision to dine at Benihana.  We will tell all our friends.Horrible customer service. The waitress repeatedly sighed when we asked for refills. Plates were never even taken away. They brought the ice cream even and just set it in front of the dirty plates. I had to rush removing plates from in front of the birthday girl WHILE they were singing because they just shoved it at the top portion. Our waitress only started removing dishes after she saw I started taking pictures. You can see the piles of plates we started to stack on our own at the top right and my green tea ice cream set in front of my dishes as well as the multiple drink glasses because the few times we did get refills she just brought us more glasses but never took the old ones away. We spoke to the female manager who said she would take care of it and gave us two cards for chicken rice upgrades on our next trip with the purchase of meals. The male manager upon arrival who refused to take our electronic birthday card w free mug for my two daughters (both April) because we didn't bring it printed out which I have never had to do. We have gone to Benihana at least 6x annually and this is by far the worst customer service I have ever encountered. So very disappointing. I also emailed customer service and never received a response.My husband and I went there with 2 other couples.  Had a good time, but a few days later we all noticed that they charged an additional tip on our cards.  If it just happened to one of us I would count it as human error, but all 3 of us had anywhere from $10 to $17 of additional tip on our bills.  It was quite noticeable since we each only had 1 or 2 drinks.  I am pissed that I left her $5 on a $16 bill now!!!! She should have got nothing!!This place is great. EXCEPT... dont expect to get ANY service if you like to play pool, Golden Tee, or Buck Hunter. Unless your dating someone there or are foolish enough to gamble ungodly amounts of money. You could probably pack your own drinks in and nobody would notice. My friends call it the area of invisibilty. We are currently looking fo another place to regular at.Terrible experience, ordered to go from the bar and the order was incorrect.  Very simple order, only 2 items from the menu and they did not get it correct.  The worst part of the experience was chasing down a bartender/waitress when I showed up just to get my order in.  Service to the customers was clearly the last thing on all of their minds as I stand there waiting just to place my order.  I am a very understanding person when it comes to being busy but the place was fairly quiet.I am disappointed in this place. I was a huge fan of coming here for drinks and food. I absolutely love their shrimp fajitas. All my friends that have come with me before no longer come because every time we receive awful service. I kept giving it a chance but today was my last visit. My husband and I went in for some food and drinks. We received our menu and immediately knew what we wanted to order. So we sat and waited. 15 minutes later somebody finally asked if we were ok and I told her we wanted to order. The food came out, it was good and then we were ready for our check. The bartender asked if we needed anything and I said "yes a to-go box and our checks." She then went on to doing other things, including taking shots with other guests and chatting it up with the people next to us. We waited a good 20 minutes and then we decided to just leave. I left $20 cash on the table. That should have covered most of the bill but I don't really care, they should have been more attentive to us. I have never walked out on a place before until now.I work in a restaurant as well and I would never be so in attentive to a guest. Management needs to do something about their staff.Well all I can say is the chicken wings we ordered were still half frozen when served to us. We told the server, he reaches onto our plate and grabs a wing off of it, then says "yea, you're right, let me tell the cook" He comes back out and takes another wing off the plate to "check if they're all cold" at this point I don't want any of the food on the plate after his hands have been in it. The nachos were very, um, creative? They had canned stewed tomatoes. Stewed tomatoes. Gross.  I asked for a greyhound with kettle one, which was basically ocean spray white grapefruit juice, no kettle one. So in closing, I'd say avoid this place. Go next door to Roberto's. You have a better chance of getting decent nachos.The worst place in Las Vegas for service. It sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!! They train their people to not make eye contact. Takes forever for food or drink. Lard ass bartender is a joke. Tall and stupid .I would not recommend this place to anyone.Used to really like this place. But just came here and sat for 40 minutes and no one ever came up to us. Got up and left. Huge disappoint.Service was friendly but REALLY slow, as always.  We came 4 their Valentine's special but they ran out of bottles of Chardonnay.  Wat kind of bar manager lets his bar run out of Chardonnay on Valentines Day?Looking forward to watching basketball and having dinner at the bar.  The menu said chicken Marsala with grilled chicken on a bed of linguine and a Marsala sauce.  Imagine my surprise when I was brought a plate with spaghetti and an oily coated sauce and chopped up chicken.  No Marsala sauce and no linguine.  The waitress came by and asked how I liked it and I told her I didn't and it wasn't as described in the menu.  She said oh.  I asked her if she new the difference between spaghetti and linguine and she said no and I said neither does the chef. Next time I saw her was when she gave me a bill for $16.  Won't be returning.Slow slow slow, tole longer to pay check then to order and eat. Bar tender sits at one end of bar talking and ignores everyone else in the placeI have lived in southern highlands for 14 years and have visited the lodge several times.  I noticed customer service getting worse a few years ago and stopped going as much. Every once in a while I will stop in to see if it's better and it does not seem to improve.I go in on a Saturday around 1pm there are 6 people in there 7 including the bartender. Needless to say it is pretty easy to notice a new patron. After getting money to gamble I sit down and watch the bartender serve a customer and go to the well to finish talking to her friends. Giving her the benefit of the doubt I move to an area I am more visible about 5 seats away from her. She is cleaning bottles wiping the well and talking to her friends still. she then asks the guy 2 seats away from me if he wants another beer. she pours it, serves him and goes back to wiping the refers. about a minute later she walks right in front of me grabs something and goes back to her well to to talk more to her friends. This will be the last time I visit this place until PT'S or remedys buy this place. With consistent bad service that I have received I know I can not be alone. it's a shame this place is so poorly run and the employees are not trained at how to work in a customer based industry, it could do much better. But I guess 6 people on a Saturday during college football is enough for them. I wish there was a 0 stars.Horrible management at this place I had my debit card stolen here by a customer it was used at a retail store within the hr of being stolen with the video of the person who I remember seeing when I was in there. After reporting to my bank I went back in to talk to Bruce mgr I thought he should know !!! I waited for him to come in on a suggestion from the bartender I waited a long time for him he came in and I saw her tell him and then he walked away, I waited longer patientenly he never came out. I finally asked her if she told him she said yes and he says there's nothing he can do. I said really he doesn't even have the decency or professionalism to come over and speak to me.? ! I asked her to tell him to come out when he did he said what can I do for you? I said I waited for you to tell you what happened in your establishment and you can't even give me that courtesy he said I'm standing here now aren't I ? Well I knew then I was dealing with a very unprofessional jerk, and I told him so and he walks away. Not only was I a frequent customer and I will never go back and I suggest no one else does either and I plan on telling everyone and anyone I can not to either. There are toooo many other places to choose from. Elaine SawkaI am only giving this place 1 star, not because I don't like the food and promptness, but because an error was made when the server charged another patrons meal to my card and vice versa. When I caught the mistake I went over to the Lodge at Cactus and was told by the bartender that the GM would be in that afternoon and would call me.  I never heard from anyone.  I disputed this with my bank and they didn't hear from The Lodge either.  My bank ended up shutting down my bank card for fraud in the middle of a move to another State.  You can imagine how this felt, on a Sunday!  I will never come back here or refer this place to anyone.  Accidents happen and I gave them the benefit of the doubt, they could have cared less about their mistake or me as a former loyal customer.  Shame on them.This place is awful how it has 3 stars I'll never know. Service is terrible and with so many more options now in the neighborhood, I like look forward to their closing.The worst experience  I ever had.  The staff at the lodge are drug pushers and assaulters.  I am a regular patron and did nothing but wait for service from all staff at the lodge.  I think the lodge at cactus  should be moved from Southern  highland to a place much more suitable. To a lower class existence. Especially  Ryan,  who threw something at me at the front door. A few weeks  prior a food  service provider named Chelsea threatened  to spit in my hamburger.  A place like this doesn't deserve to survive especially  in  Southern  highland.  A big thumbs down to Chris  because he chooses not to see the truth of his establishment.  June 27, 2015We only came here because we had an entertainment coupon.  We set it on the table in full site. We ordered and then she tells us they don't c take those anymore and haven't for 6 months. That means they only took them for 1 month? ?? Are eating or salad,  we notice there's a series piece of foods on the back side.  GROSS. All she could say was sorry. The  ice tea is awful. ... very weak. The ribeye was $19 and lots of grissl. Very disappointed.  And she was not very friendly.  We definitely won't come back.This place is right down the street from our house! We have been her twice before, and every time the service is VERY slow. We went in for breakfast this morning because the cafe across the street was busy and my husband had to be to work soon. Once again I don't know why we went back. The service is terrible!! And even the food sucked! Our server had no personality never said good morning or introduced herself. Rude. I ordered the French toast breakfast with potatoes well done and they came out soft and mushy!  I told her that I ordered them well done and she said I can have them re do them. I said no because we were already in a hurry but that when someone orders something well done it should be cooked. No apologies from her. The French toast was like cardboard and 5 minutes later she brings out a plate of well done potatoes and sets them on the table and walks away. I'm assuming to avoid taking my meal off the bill. The staff here is and always has been so fucking rude! I have never not tipped someone, but today I didnt tip her at all. This bar better start re thinking who they hire and who they're working here because I'll tell you right now I am never coming back and I will make sure my friends family and neighbors don't either!This place is a joke. The bartenders must be to rich because they don't care about there guest. Went in to watch the football game and play a little bit. Put $40 in the machine and was playing .50 at a time. Played for about 1 hour and had 3 beers. Lost all of the $40 and when it was all said and done they gave me a bill for $18. They wouldn't even comp one beer because I was not playing the machine loaded even know I just spent $40. Glad there tip help pay for the beer. Will never go back there again.Just checked this off of the list of places to eat in southern highlands area. The quality of food was horrible, and thats going in with low expectations of bar food. Couldnt finish my wings. I got the worse aftertaste from the food. Maybe old fryer oil, maybe old chicken... either way i will not be giving this place another try.WORST SERVICE EVER!!!Male Bartender that worked during graveyard on 4/22 has the worst customer service. Empty glasses, no interaction or whatsoever. I rather talk to my dog and I'm sure I will get a bark out of it. It seems like he owns the place because he 86 anyone for no reason. Didn't even know I had a tab!!!

There was three customers already in the store along with two employees.

The room lacked bathroom towels/iron board. The shampoos were even REFILLED (as the bottle seals were broke open already) and in bad old condition. I paid over $120 for the booking which is not worth it. Guys..STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE IF YOU WANT COMFORT AND ROOMS OF YOUR CHOICE. YOU GET HERE WHAT THEY ARE LEFT OUT WITH and bonus of ARROGANCE and RUDENESS.I called PRICELINE and they transferred to AGODA. The customercare guy SHASHI simply told me to give me call back in 10min after checking with Priceline which they never did and is anyways passed 2hrs now...so dont go by priceline either if you dont want to screw your trip.This has to be the most disgusting hotel ive ever been to there was a thong in the middle of out room a used condom in the fridge and cockroaches all over the bathroom and when I talked to the manager alex about it he took them out of the room and we asked for another room he said we would be charged extra and blamed us for putting the condoms and thong there management is horrible and the rooms are filthy. This hotel isn't even a last resort kind of hotel, your better off sleeping in your own car.Cannot find my reservation record at the very beginning. The most filthy room I ever stay in my life.Needed work done on my sportbike. I found these  guys , and gave them a call.Kyle came by and picked my bike up , and trailered it to the shop on Tuesday. Great. Kyle told me "We are slammed right now but ill get to your bike by the end of the week." Fine.Thursday the following week , I called 2 Guyes to see what progress has been made. Kyle answered the phone. After finding out who I was , Kyle told me he never saved my contact info , therefore could not call me to let me know he had put less than 5 minutes of attention into the bike. He said he needed to check the timing. I told him to go ahead.Thursday (one week after he told me he was going to check the timing) , I called 2 Guyes to see what they had found. I was told Kyle was busy and would call me back shortly to fill me in on what was found. Nobody ever called me back. Friday , no call back. Saturday (my only day off) I took the time to drive down to the shop to find Adam (nice guy) working all alone. The shop is literally packed with bikes. I find my bike in the pile , and its has been sitting , untouched. Adam stopped the work he was doing on a Yamaha cruiser to talk to me. He wasn't aware of me , my bike , or the issues I was having with it. I informed Adam that I would be taking my bike elsewhere, since it has been sitting at 2 Guyes for close to a month with no attention. Adam called Kyle. Kyle informed Adam that I owed $75.00 for the service that was performed ($75.00 to let my bike sit in his shop for 3 weeks). I told Adam that was ridicules , and that I wouldn't be giving them any money. Adam agreed , and let me take my bike home without a bill (wow , thanks for not charging me for wasting my time) Overall , They seem like nice guys. They probably do great work. The problem is that they take way too much on at one time. There were an estimated 60+ bikes stacked up , with one guy trying to catch up on all the work needing to be done.I've come to realize that shave ice isn't my thing and from this place it certainly isn't. I tried shave ice a couple times previously and found it to be just OK and nothing that impressive. The syrups here at Lather and Shave they say are made from natural ingredients. I had the Razor Burn and it was terrible. It's shave ice with jalapeno syrup that according to other reviews was going leave my face on fire. Lies all lies. You pick another syrup to go with the jalapeno and I picked strawberry. The strawberry was too damn sweet and I only tasted maybe a very slight hint of jalapeno because I was trying so hard with my brain to find any sort of heat in this shave ice. I just tasted really sugary sweet strawberries and wasn't able to make much of a dent in what I had. They advertise a shave ice for dogs with peanut butter syrup. The peanut butter syrup is made from powder and my dog did not like it at all. Even though artificial syrup I have had better sno cones at Cashman Field.This place doesn't even deserve one star. Service is horrible. Owners are rude. Came in here twice to buy French bread and both times they told me I couldn't buy plain bread and just plain rude. Me and my family will never be back.They were right as far as Service not being so good.  Only around 6 people on Sunday afternoon and took almost 45 minutes to be served.  The food was so so.  Would not come back.Okay so I'm a huge fan of Mexican food. And yes the food had good flavor however the way the restaurant was run is not at all favorable. We walked in at about 8:30 on a steamy Saturday night. There is no air conditioning, no fans and the windows were shut. When we walked in we weren't greeted at all. So we sat wherever we choose once another couple directed us to do so. After waiting about 5 minutes we were brought menus and asked if we would like something to drink.The chips I think are homemade but must have sit under the lamp too long. But the salsa was good. We finished our waters and finally someone took our order. Now at this time there was only another couple that got there a few minutes before us but we ordered before them and shortly after we ordered another gentleman came in and ordered. Both other tables got their food before us and we waited approx 35 from ordering to service. We were offered more water but it was warm.The taste of the food wasn't worth the wait.Service was terrible, he didn't know what a torta was when I asked him, I looked online and it looked like a sandwich so I asked, "is it a sandwich?" He didn't know. Then I asked what types of tamales they had, if they were different meat or sauce? He didn't know. Then I just ended up ordering one taco (el pastor-pork taco) 2/5. My fiancé ordered 2 carne asada tacos and a tamale and I'd give it a 1/5. Also had to go inside and look for a drink menu because the sign board read, "now serving alcohol" found the cooler and had to ask if I should help myself or what? Overall: service was really bad & food was bad. Really disappointing because I am obsessed with Mexican food!! Good thing Chocolate Shoppe was down the roadCrazy Psychopath in charge of league.. my wife witnessed her blow up on our coach in front of kids, parents and other coaches. I believe it was on picture day when this incident happend.Very unorganized league. I blame the lady running the league.The season has been over for weeks now and I'm still waiting on pictures from the shady photography company she hired. Over all this league is a jokeI honestly don't know where to begin, this is my first year dealing with and organized sports league.  We chose holiday park because it falls in my neighborhoods boundary for official little league based out of Williamsport, PN.  From the moment we got there it didn't seem right.  Just this lady handing out forms, collecting fees and dumping the money in a bucket.  No receipt given out very sloppy just told us to wait for an email(which came the day before the first meeting no consideration for people to make arrangements ahead of time).  I thought fine she's understaffed, let it go it's for my son.  Well it was pretty much an indication of how she handles everything. The thing is she is the league president, she is rude and very shady when it comes to money, it seems like it's is the only thing important to her collecting money, what it goes into I have no clue uniforms are donated (every team is the Diamondbacks haha), and the are not the best looking or quality. Fields are terrible no benches for spectators, tball and coach pitch play on grass rocks everywhere, not the safest for kids running. The equipment given to coaches is garbage helmets are old pealing from the inside padding,  the bases are falling apart, no bats for the kids. There is no transparency when it comes to money, many little leagues release their books not her she just gets defensive. Needless to say It just got worse the schedule was released to the parents after opening day, when we bought parents shirts which where the cheapest shirts I ever saw especially compared to the other leagues, it took halfway to the season to received them.  Pictures are a joke she was rude to everyone that day and on top of that it took a month after the season ended to receive them and some from what I've heard still haven't received them.  The season ended at the end of May closing ceremonies were at the end of June , she kept changing the date that was the last straw we picked up our sons trophy and left and said good riddance.  My son will always play baseball NEVER at Holiday Park  this league is a joke.One waitress for the entire restaurant. Horrible service and not polite one either. Avoid.The girl that was serving tables turned us away at 2:15pm for closing at 2:30pm, considering that there was another large group that had just come in right before us and were still looking at the menu. In my experience I have never been turned away from a restaurant while there are still people clearly dining. Poor judgement. We'll never be back.Let me just start out by saying I'm an all out Indian food fanatic. I've been all over the country and tastes all sorts of dishes but this specific restaurant brings shame to authentic Indian Cuisine.I was flying in from Boston this specific day and as soon as I landed, I wanted to get Indian food. I looked for a good restaurant around and was happy to read all the great reviews on yelp about Tamarind. So I decided to grab a bite for me and my friend from there. I ordered a chicken Tikka Masala w. side of Lentil Soup and a Aloo Gobi Matar w. a side of salad for pickup.I arrived there 15minutes later and was asked to wait a few minutes while the naan bread was being prepared- no problem. I sat outside and the lady at the front happily brought my order out when it was ready. So far so good.

Ain't no picture ever say it right

When I checked out, the girl with tri-colored hair and tattoos asked if I wanted a bag.  I said Yes, or course, and she shot me a look like I just cut down a tree and it smashed her pet cat.  Excuse me for not carrying multiple food items in my arms.

Very Poor customer service -will never go back!!Although it appears (from the reviews) that the hair salon part is ok, the spa portion was the absolute worst! I had a facial, which in and of itself was good, but the facial room is right off of the lobby and directly across from the manicure area. I could hear loud noise through the whole facial, which totally ruined it! For $80 you expect to relax, but not here. When I complained to the front desk girl (the manager of course had "just left") she told me that she knew it was loud and that the "girls get a little excited at the end of the day." No apology whatsoever! She even admitted that it was "not the best room for facials" and that they "get alot of complaints about it." instead of calling the recently departed manager to return, she offered to have her call to apologize the next day. I should have left without paying, but I felt bad forthe facialist. Worst experience EVER! Save yourself the trouble and go ANYWHERE else!Had my hair butchered here by Courtney.  Probably the worst cut of my life.  I brought in a picture of the bangs I wanted.  What I got was not even close.  Then when she styled them she parted them down the middle.  I thought I was going to cry.  My layers look awful too.  I had to come home and fix it up a bit with scissors myself because there was a lot of stray hairs on the ends.My bangs are so bad I have to tuck some pieces behind my ears or pin them back to make them look normal.I've been doing everything to get my hair to grow fast.One of my most valuable resources is time.  Unlike money or good looks, more time cannot be acquired and when it's gone, it's gone.  I wish I could write a glowing review of Elements Salon, but as my experience yesterday left much to be desired, I cannot.Yesterday, I called the salon yesterday morning for a gel pedicure for Wednesday afternoon.  After speaking with a very polite and eager young lady, we finalized my appointment for 4:00 pm.  I explained that I was leaving town the next day, and the pedicure was an emergency.  I got to the salon and was appropriately greeted.  The receptionist looked for my 4:00 gel pedicure and said I was not on her calendar.  Odd, as I had called about six hours prior.  She kept looking and finally found me on Saturday for 2:30 pm for a gel manicure.  Odd, as I will neither be in the state on Saturday, nor do I need a manicure.However, I completely understand mistakes happen.  I asked her if they had anything open.  She said "I'm sorry, no" and looked at me.Here is my biggest gripe with Elements Salon and Wellness Spa:  I expect salons to at least try to be accommodating when they have made a mistake, especially for new customers. She did not even attempt to see if there was any possible way to assist, acknowledge the mistake, or even offer the service at a reduced price. So, while I wish I could speak to the services at Elements,  sadly I cannot.  My experience with the front desk prohibited me from even getting the phenomenal services I see are so frequently cited.  My time was completely wasted, and the front desk did absolutely nothing to rectify the situation.**Side note. The salon down the street, Sun City Nails and Spa, was able to accommodate my pedicure request at the last minute.  Their service was $35, and I ended up giving the pedicurist a $15 tip, because that's what I had allocated for Elements.  Their services were awesome.  I'll be writing them a glowing review in just a minute.It didn't even deserve the ONE star. Came in for a full head of highlights, when she was done it looked amazing, however I lifted my hair down the middle to realize she skipped a whole half of the section. I paid $170 for. I don't know but I was very disappointed. The girl was nice but why do that?Went in yesterday to get my hair dyed and highlighted. After walking in and having them look at my length they quoted me $180 WITH hair cut. Go get it done a few weeks later and walk out with a bill of $240. WHAT? WHY? well you got a hair cut which was an extra $50 and they needed more bleach. Well first of all she quoted everything with a haircut and I cant help if my hair needed more bleach that's why I went in to get a quote in the first place. I feel if they are going to ask you, do you want me to blank blank than end it with the extra price. If they go get more supplies bet your bottom dollar your getting charged for it. The girl was very nice but their ethics are all wrong. Now my hair, I wanted to go blonde. Told her several times I want more blonde than brown. Put it this way my kids did not notice a difference at all. I had to ask them how does my hair look. Sad Sad Sad. I don't blame the employees I blame the company for trying to be so sneaky. Yet I am sure the girls get paid a commission off sales too. Feel like I wasted $240 on nothing. So disappointedDon't call to make an appointment! They'll send you home either way. I called to make my mom an appointment to do highlights when I went in. The stylist said my mom had "too much hair" and that "she wouldn't have time". Um that's the exact point why I make the appointment so you would have time? AWFUL SERVICE!This place is a ripoff. They charged me an unbelievable amount per visit. My insurance usually allows for 30 visits a year. I saw this chiro 7 times and I was basically maxed out. The doc just pops a few bones and wham bam you are out. It took 5 visits before they even did an XRay. I did my research and went to a Gonstead Chiropractor. Dr. Grimes. He did a thorough exam including X-rays and a full diagnostic before he started adjusting. A lazy chiropractor can cause damage and overcharge. Beware. I'm sick of being ripped off and want to make potential clients aware.Purchased groupon for alignment to check out.  Cracked my neck which was awesome turned me to each side and tried to crack back.  Then he had his assistant put some kind of therapy on my back.  Alarm sounded off after 10 minutes and I sat there and waited... No one checked up on me.... 20 minutes go by and someone finally realized that I was still in the room. Not really impressed except for the neck crack.  I'll give one star for the adjustment, and zero stars for employees who left me in the room.

CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS AWFUL!!!!We have been to Vegas several times and always used a shuttle, but this was our first trip using Bell Trans.

The hotels that treat me well as a priceline customer get my return business when I pay full rate for work.My wife and I showed up at midnight to check in. We were given a room with two small beds. I asked to be given one large bed instead, but the front desk attendant told me that as a priceline customer I had to take whatever double occupancy room they chose to give me. I understand this is the priceline policy, but most hotels make an effort to accommodate if they have vacancy. I even offered to pay extra and the front desk attendant then claimed there were no other rooms available despite the mostly empty parking lot outside.Crowne Plaza just struck out. Back to Marriott and Hilton I go.Gross hotel!  Nasty carpeting. Very old furniture. Room was wayyyy too hot and moving thermostat didn't help. Dryer air than the dessert. I woke up with a bloody nose due to the lack of humidity. Horrible experience.My flight was cancelled and had to stay. They offered a "distressed rate" and the staff was nice and friendly. However the rooms are from the 1980's. The furniture looks like it belongs n a Motel Six. The carpets are frayed, the walls and doors are beat up, the hallway carpets are in need of replacing. Upper management should be ashamed to have not upgraded the rooms years ago.Awful.  Simply awful.  Old, needs remodeling.  Air didn't work correctly in the bedroom area.  Rooms smelled.  Will never stay there again.  Lights weren't even plugged in.  Really disappointed.  Was expensive as it was homecoming weekend in Madison.STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.  I am laying here now at 4:58 in the morning and the room is 80 degrees SWELTERING despite the thermostat set at 63. Apparently AC only works if light is on and you move around. Rust on the bathroom ceiling. Nonexistent fan in the bathroom. Ancient stained plastic toilet seat.  Coffee at the breakfast buffet tastes like it was out of said toilet. I stayed here hoping for something better than the Motel 6 down the road. Didn't get it. The mini-Starbucks and jacuzzi won't save a sweltering night's sleep. Ihad stayed here once several years ago when it at lest the AC worked. Never again. Wish I had checked Yelp before coming. STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.The crown plaza on the outside appears nice and lobby with pool view is amazing. We were greeted with a warm smile and some general accommodation the hotel had. When we get to the floor we are staying on it was uncomfortably warm and our room temperature wasn't any better and the smell of the room was musty at best.  After a call to the front desk asking for a room change we were told there were no rooms available but we would get the first one tomorrow. So after realizing we were going to have to tough it out for the night I go into the bathroom to find the toilet doesn't flush unless you hold the handle down and peeling paint on the ceiling of the shower. The following morning we ask about our room change and get a story that the hotel is booked up and can't change rooms. I go about my day and get back to the hotel about 630pm and am approached on my way in by a homeless person who was staying behind the hotel asking for money. When I get to the room i find the room has not yet been cleaned. Once again we complain with nothing being done. Finally about 730pm the maid asks if she can clean. The following morning we talked to the manager and threaten to change hotels and she seemed perfectly fine with losing our business. We did some searching and couldn't find another option so we are stuck with the hotel. About lunch time on the third day I get an email from my credit card company that the hotel charged my card for the full 8 night stay after 3 days. Overall the only way that this hotel is acceptable is if you were raised in a barn.Horrible service.  We went for "Taco Tuesday."  We waited for nearly 15 minutes before walking up to the bar to ask if we could get some service.  "I thought you were helped" the lady grunted at me as she took our order.  She was the only bar keep in the place.  Must have an Alzheimer's style memory. Nearly 10 minutes later our drinks showed up.  We witnessed others get their food that had ordered after we did.  We ordered the taco special, so being "Taco Tuesday," one would think these would be readily available.  Finally after 1/2 hour, we got our food tossed on the table.  The personable waitress didn't notice our drinks were empty, so I had to walk the glasses to the bar to get them refilled.  While waiting quietly, some Harley- riding local came in and he was greeted like royalty.  He barged right in front of me and he got served pronto. The bar tender went to him like files to a fresh pile of doo.   Thanks.Looks like the only way you'll get served here is if you are known by the employees, ride a Harley, have more tattoos than stripper convention or poor hygiene.The food was decent. At  $5.75 for a taco, the price was awesome.  I'd go back if it weren't for the lousy service.  Maybe I should buy  a new Electra-Glide next time I want a taco.This place was gross and depressing.  We live nearby, but I will avoid ever going back.  We went to Taco Tuesday and were greeted with horrible service and even worse food.  I did not come here expecting anything nice or classy, so even with low expectations I left feeling slightly down and depressed from this sad place.I usually like to visit a place twice before I review, but there were so many issues with my first visit, it's highly unlikely I'll return. To start with, it's hotter than Hades in there!It's a greenhouse.It's summer.I get it.But their structure is so small and plants are packed together so closely, that it's really difficult to roam around with a cart and peruse their selection. I felt hot and uncomfortable the entire time, bumping into plants, bumping into other shoppers...And let's talk about the selection real quick, which I was told by multiple sources is the best in Madison. I've since been to several greenhouse and I'm here to tell you, their selection is on par with Felly's in Fitchburg and a few other larger greenhouses around town. They might have a rare item here and there that you won't find elsewhere, but navigating the uncomfortable heat and nearly un-shoppable aisles isn't worth it in my opinion. As far as the staff goes, I was pretty bummed that nobody wanted to lend a helping hand when I needed it. I went with a hanging planter and the idea that someone there would be able to point me towards things that would work well on my shaded balcony, but it was like pulling teeth trying to get any answers. And I asked a few folks for their best recommendations, both gave sort of general sort of apathetic recommendations. I certainly could have done some research on my own and gone there knowing which plants to pick up, but for the prices they charge, I think a little knowledge and expertise isn't out of the question. Tell me what I need, tell me how to care for things. That seems reasonable to me.  I just didn't feel like they wanted to help me or cared to have my business and that's the worst feeling someone dropping close to $100 can have at a business.Two adults and one kid equals a 40 dollar meal.  It's not like we ordered everything on the menu either.  The kid had pancakes and a drink, the adults each had an omelet and one drink.  The pancakes were great, but the omelets were super salty, and the ingredients were the furthest thing from fresh.  The service was horrible.  They kept forgetting things, and it felt like they were trying to rush us out the door, even though there was only one other table there.  Another reviewer mentioned having to walk through a service area, and it's true.  To get to the bathrooms you have to walk through a narrow service area that seems awkward.  The bathrooms were nasty dirty, next time I'll just hold it.  To top it off I got food poisoning and spent the rest of the day suffering immensely.  Thanks International House of Poop!!!This is probably the worst IHOP I have ever been to in my life. The dining area is small so it isn't like they have a 100s of diners at a time, but they always have 20 or so workers working and their service is still terrible and unorganized. I went there a couple of weeks ago and when we walked in not one person said hi to us, and the lady behind the counter was on the store phone (understandable) but after she got off the phone she just walked away...another worker came up near the Counter to ring someone out & still said nothing to us. By the time the first worker had came back, 2 other families had came in after us and then started to seat them first, telling us we had a wait time of 10 minutes! I had to raise my voice to let her know we had been there first and had been waiting several minutes. I went there again 2 days ago. My friend got her food about 10 minutes before I got mine & the waiter had just walked past setting the food on the table without even asking if she needed anything else right away. She had no silverware and our waiter then disappeared for 10 minutes until he brought my food, at which point her food had gotten cold. She was able to tell him we needed silverware when he dropped off my food, but took several minutes to bring it back to the table and then did the same thing he did before-set it on the table and walked away. All my food was cold besides my eggs, and my toast was cold, hard, and only one piece had been buttered. When we told one of the waitresses we wanted to talk to a manager (because our waiter was MIA once again) the manager came over and listened to our complaints and then said "Oh well someone ordered toast with no butter so yours had to be remade" and then walked away. No apology, just an excuse for piss-poor service! She did end up giving us 15% off our meal but acted like they hadn't done anything wrong. I'd rather cook my own breakfast than eat here.It amazes me that, after reading the comments here, that this iHop is still open. The location must be the key. Their third and final chance came and went without me getting so much as coffee. I was seated and given a menu, and that is where it ended. FIFTEEN minutes later, I walked out the door, as NO ONE came to the table. The waitress who was supposed to wait on me was talking to someone she knew, having a conversation peppered heavily with 'F' this and 'F' that, and so on. I will not give iHop corporate the time of day on this one, as they have BS'd me twice, in that they said they would handle the situation. This place was refurbished not long a go, and it already looks like it did before. Dirty. Broken. There is nothing here for anyone, unless they want to spend a lot of money for terrible food and poor service, served in a health code violation.They seated me and then forgot about me. The waitress was inexperienced and ran around like a deer n a headlight. When she notice she had forgot about my table she asked the manager to serve us. Cause she saw the mean looks on our faces. PS, their glasses are soooooo dirtyOk I've gone to IHOP for years all over the country but today changed all that for me not only was the service horrible the food was less than microwave quality I will never ever go to this IHOP again. The manager should be fired as well as the entire staff. I know these are strong statements but that's how bad it was my fiance tipped only out of obligation.This place is dirty, and disgusting. Food is poor quality. Service is terrible! Will never be back. Go anywhere else but here.If you like being treated poorly and as if you are incompetent, then this is the place for you! If I could give negative stars I would!

The pizza was eh.  The sauce was not evenly distributed, and my friend said that only one piece was actually good.So.... because of the ridiculousness of this place.... I won't be going back.  If you want to completely over-pay for food that is not as bad as McDonald's, but not much better.... this is where you want to eat.Pretty disappointing. We are the only people in the restaurant save one, and our food was still not made correctly as listed and done blandly.Carry ons?  we got to carry them up to the plane then they asked everyone for the bags and ended up putting them in storage anyway.  wtf???  What does "carry on" mean then? am i confused?Friends don't let friends fly US airways . . . Seriously!! Pay the $10 $20 $50 for a better airline horrible customer service not even offered a food voucher for their mistake that has me here waiting til 641pm got here at 9am o_OMy American Express Platinum is no longer accepted and because of this inconvenience AMEX offered a program priority club. this  priority club allows me to  have "passes" I can use to enter the lounge at designated airports. That being said the awesome representative/receptionist was obviously having a rough start to her morning perhaps she  hadn't had her coffee for the morning. She  abruptly told me they don't know longer accept American Express platinum nor  do they accept the priority club pass. It was a very small lounge, not offering much. I'm not upset about that it's just the fact that after I called American Express and verified that this lounge did except the priority club Express pass. So 1 star become this lounge needs to be more informed/up-to-date on this priority club pass.It's not the best club in the world but not the worst I've been in.  Would be worthy of 3 stars likely.   But when I show up for a flight at 6:15 am to find out the club opens at 6:00, it can't get more than 1 star.   Please align your hours to actually accommodate your passengers.  If you have flights leaving early or late, open the club accordingly or don't offer the club.I would give this 1/2 star if possible.  It receives that distinction only because it has walls, a roof and offers a place to wiz.  Very small.  Few spots to spread out and work.   Annnnnd, the snootiest front desk "ladies" of any such club.  I've met ice cubes warmer.  Oh, and I was scolded for bringing in food.  So you can't bring in and eat a burrito but you can eat the day old mushroom soup and pick from the olive trough that the club provides?  Please.  The main terminal is much more pleasant.  Bah bye!I guess I was spoiled by the old International Lounge at PHL because this one blows, its so small, and crowded.  There was not even a place to sit down in here.  Won't be backA bar considered a 'Go n See'?!?!?!?  Are you bloody serious?  What happened to simply just calling it the American Express Platinum Card lounge to chill during the layover....out of this Right Crap City?  Take me back to the East coast where at least we have Class!!Really the worst admirals club I have been to.  Few reasons:1) incredibly tiny

Oh and also, one last thing to add, this club attracts that nastiest perverted men who literally pull out their dicks on the dance floor. Why can't bouncers protect women from sexual harrassment and molestation on the dance floor instead of having innocent women sent out of the club and hotel to walk the streets of vegas without their boyfriends, without their phones and without any money? Most normal bouncers and doormen want women to be safe, and they will usually help them if they can't reach their friends in the club. I'm still angry thinking about this. This racist club needs to be shut down!

Play this track in Calipac, get it poppin' in the prison

The Bank continued to give me the run around... so we went with Donnie E. at Tao and dropped 5 G's on a prime table on their stage with a perfect view of Snoop and Busta Rhymes performing all night long. Whatever you do, just stay away from the Bank and the shady criminals who run it!I love Yelp and enjoy reading reviews here. Up until now, I have never written a review but what happened to me last Sunday, July 13 at Bank prompted me to create an account and review this establishment. I have lived in many places all over the world and recently had a 2+ years stint in the South but I've never experienced such an overt racism like I experienced here. I was on the guestlist for Bank, thanks to being an MLife member and staying at an associated hotel. I was here for my birthday celebration. I wasn't looking to get a table/bottles because neither I nor the girls I was with are heavy drinkers. We get to the club a little late and were told the guestlist was closed. Okay, that is fine with us. We will just wait our turn to enter the club and pay the require cover. After ten minutes, I realized that the girls the bouncers were letting in arrived wayyy after we did. I spoke to a total of 6 bouncers/promoter/host that night and was bounced from one to the other. One of the bouncers said I have to talk to the "gelled" hair bouncer. "Gelled" hair bouncer directed me to the host (short, dark haired white dude) "SDHWD". SDHWD didn't even acknowledge my existence. I have never felt so insignificant and small in my entire life. The demographics of girls SDHWD was letting in? White females in skimpy clothing, openly flirting with the bouncer. I'm sorry, but I have a corporate job with a reputation to uphold and I will not resort to dressing skimpy and flirting to fluff some man's ego.I didn't want to create a scene so I walked away calmly before I get the "Angry black woman" stereotype. We went to Marquee and 1Oak for the last two nights of our trip, had a blast and tried to block what happened at Bank. Good luck getting inside this club as a decently dressed black female with a fro after the "guestlist" closes. I wish I had the entire incident on tape. And to think this is 2014 smh. Do yourself a favor and google "Bellagio racist" and see all sorts of things that come up for both Hyde and Bank. Smh...Bouncers are rude... DJ plays music from the 80s and 90s...overall boring club! Had much more fun at Body English! Drink prices are pricy than most other clubs!Deceiving business practices. They gave us wristbands telling us the club was free for the night. Waited in line 40 minutes only to be told it's $20 each for girls and guys (in all fairness it does come with one drink ticket), but still very deceiving. Multiple people were upset about this, as I heard other people arguing about the price.Club itself was pretty small and they switched between house music and rap. What really upset me though was they don't give free water, but instead force you to pay $8 per small bottle!! That's just criminal! Any venue that sells drinks should give free water to keep people safe and hydrated. Will never return.This club sucks. Waitresses always pushing for more bottles. They charge a gratuity and and service charge for bottles. If they say you gotta hit a $1,500 minimum beware. Factor in gratuity + service fee + tax, you're looking at 2,300 no joke.Bus staff was extremely unfriendly, like he was annoyed the whole night.Guy working the bathroom was acting like a dick.Security was making sure you didn't have too much fun at your own table, stopping you from doing damn near everything besides standing and drinking. Skip this place.Worst club experience in Vegas by far! no reason to come here unless you are willing to get treated like shit and pay way too much money.Worse club ever. They advetisted  free drinks for ladies but was not true then once got inside there was nobody in there. Dance floor was empty.  Go somewhere else"Night club" suggests place to dance. This is really an overpriced bar, with an obnoxious line, way overpriced boozed and a non existent dance floor - ugly and awful vegas at its worst!Pathetic. Came to see ice cube at midnight. Still 130 am. Pathetic. Get over yourself C class ice cube... Ice cube has melteddddd... Get over yourself dudeThey pulled a bait and switch, telling us cover was free with wristband. When we got there, it ended up being $20 per person. They also charged us us $28 for a lemon drop.I got robbed here! Sucks. This place used to be awesome and now it is trashy and gross. Go somewhere else.Watch out , the staff tries to solict your girlfriend for another guest. The punk kids that work there think they are so cool. Are they are hostesses, like in restaurant. I stick with XS next time.The bar tenders are complete ass holes!! They told us ladies got free drinks, but it was really 2 free drink coupons that have to be vodka only. I ordered a gin & tonic and the bar tender got aggressively pissed at me about it and said I had to pay $14 for the drink, so I turned around to get my money from my boyfriend and he started yelling at me. I said, 'I'm just getting my fucking money', and he flipped out and said I wasn't allowed to have a drink there. He was an unbelievable jerk and aggressively mean. There are plenty of way better clubs to go to. Don't waste your time or money at this place EVER!!!Their securities have attitude,  and disrespectful. One of them pushed me thinking I'm drunk, but I was not and that made me realize how poor their customer service is.Waste of a Vegas night.Go to the YOUR BANK if you plan on getting in. Kyle plays games when letting people in. He has everyone standing at the red rope waiting to be hand selected for entrance. You'd think this place was a big deal. Upon being selected, he charges you extra money to get in. He got $100 out of some poor guy who fell for it. The guy told us  "This is Vegas, gotta pay to play" We ended up giving Kyle an extra $20 each. He made a rude comment about some female having eczema on her hands. Totally uncalled for. We got inside and the layout was odd. Movement was terrible. To say we were disappointed is an understatement. We should've just stayed at Whiskey. Felt trapped in this tiny place. Music was decent, however. I was there about a week ago.Ridiculous. Had a reservation for the 2 weeks just to get there to have them tell us it's cancelled? It's all guys in the line? They want to let us girls in and not our guys? Yea... I DONT THINK SO!1 Star is too much for the experience I had at The Bank. I was promised by a promoter, Joseph, a table for a friend's 21st birthday. Less than one hour of sitting at the table we were rudely and forcibly removed from the table with no explanation but "call Joseph". Now I know the table and alcohol was free but don't make promises you can't keep and ruin a 21st birthday party. Bottom line- forget The Bank and it's shady promoters exist.I was here celebrating my friend's bachelorette party. The music here is ok. My biggest complaint was the service at the bar. The drinks are ridiculously over priced; 2 shots of Ciroc was $36. The male bartender (chubby, does weird tricks with dollar bills) was extremely rude and condescending when I told him I couldn't afford the drinks. He threatened to call security on me; I did not even touch the drinks. Run away! This place is not worth the time!!!Honestly I came here for my best bachelorette party and I honestly can say it was the worst experience I could ever imagine I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone Worst club everVodka was free. Water was $8. A cup of ice was $8 as well. I sincerely hope this causes them legal problems in the near future...*yawn*I expected a much better club experience from the Bellagio. I wasn't surprised at the $14 price tag for one shot of Jack Daniels (this is Vegas, after all), but I was surprised at how weak this club experience was. I've had more fun in grad school Statistics classes. The club is essentially 3 layers.The top layer is unofficially designated for "people watching", which really isn't saying much. Besides the usual throng of bros and bachelorettes, there isn't much to see. The middle layer is VIP. Translation: a bunch of 20-somethings who saved all year and pooled their money for this moment to see and be seen... and pay a 300% mark-up on booze.  The bottom layer is a pit, not much larger than a kiddie pool masquerading as a dance floor. I wasn't going anywhere near that throng of smelly, sweaty, drunken and uncoordinated fools.The DJ was lame. I don't know what the hell he was mixing, but aside from the drunk asses on the "dance floor" and the random drunk in VIP, no one was really feeling the tunes. People were just standing around smoking and shouting over the noise.FYI: Security doubles as the "paparazzi police". My best friend wanted to take a video of this teeny tiny dance floor and all the people squished on it like sardines when this big guy comes up and starts tapping her repeatedly on the shoulder like an annoying little brother and telling her that she can't take videos. I guess he missed the chick beside us blatantly doing the same thing.Music good, too strict though....didn't want to let my girl in with flip flops but sell them in the bathroom....hmmm, yeah that makes sense!! & no video taping...really?! What century are they in?!I really wanted to like the bank. The club itself was ok the dj was alright but what killed it for me was the obnoxious bouncers. It's Vegas people are there to spend money and have fun not be followed around by douche bags telling you that you can't dance are you serious? It's a DANCE club!! One bouncer followed me around the club and I finally told him if he didn't leave me alone I was going to speak to a manager for stalking me.  The sad part is I was just walking around I had already stopped dancing because they told me I wasn't allowed to dance.  To top it all off 8.00 for a bottle of water. First and last time I will ever go there.  There are a ton of places to go in vegas that are better and a lot more fun.Just bad service all around. The people that run the VIP service are basically scam artistsHorrible piece of s**t management will never go there again and I hope people stop going there try are assholes!!I would first say that this club has the rudest security manager. He could have been a gentleman about my Bffs id situation. But no Anthony Garcia had the nerve to say that facial features had change which in this case her mole was the same one on the id, and he also asked for a second id and honestly who carries a second I'd? She showed him her credit cards and phone and he was really rude embarrassing her for her bachelorette in front of the crowd!!! Yes she gain a bit weight but honestly he took this matter too far!! I hope he gets fired from this night club and doesn't get referred to any other clubs. In the end we bought drinks next to the club and Gib was the nicest bar tender who card us all and did not revoke her I'd. After this we got into TAO night club which was way better than this ghetto ass wanna be marquee club. I don't even want to give a star to this club it deserves negative stars!!Don't go here. The bouncers are complete assholes. Didn't even get in the front door because my fiance's birthday is next week and she renewed her license so it has a sticker that says "valid photo Id" . Not even expired yet. Good way to ruin a night and birthday celebrations.The sorry wannabe ID guy at the door is unprofessional and a d**k. He charges whomever he wants even if you can prove you've already paid. I guess he needs the money to fix that hair cut. Shaved sides & long on top, so last season.We got bottle service and the club was good, until the waiter broke a bottle of vodka as he was pouring a drink. The vodka was lost and a price of glass knicked my foot. I didn't make a big deal out of it, but asked for a band aide because there was quite a bit of blood. Then the manager pulled us aside and insisted I sign a waiver and would not take the bottle his employee broke off the bill (it was 3/4 full). Not great customer service...I am a guest at Bellagio, and spent over a thousand to stay here and I am told not to kiss my boyfriend while dancing at the Bank because it is too vulgar? I told the security that I completely disagree with him and I know what is vulgar dancing and I was nothing close to it I immediately spoke to his manager. Las Vegas isn't a friendly place for gays but I would expect the Bellagio to be a little more classier than most clubs here. The Bank is another shitty club with crappy top 40 remixes who don't allow gays to kiss while dancing.Gays don't come here or don't kiss and dance and be yourself but I highly oppose that, so Ef you the Bank.Just because you hate hate gay people and you love so much girl so I give you one star on YELP  !.!.!The doormen are undeniably racist and allow people in with their own discretion. I have been in Las Vegas multiple times and never had a problem otherwise. Except this time... The man at the door did not allow us entrance for a VIP table that we paid for pathetically explaining that I was not allowed in with Timberlands because of the 'type of people who normally wear those shoes.' I hope you guys can figure out what that actually means. The behavior of the doormen was deplorable. Just please remember that youre in LV!! There are sooooo many better places to go with the same if not better w moreamenities to offer.

"IF YOU LEAVE WITHOUT PAYING, I"M CALLING THE POLICE ON YOU"The short of is...We bagged and paid for our meals,LEFT NO TIP!!, and were refunded $20.00 cover charge. The only reason I even paid for the food was because it was already at the table, untouched but nevertheless...we considered that to be the "trickory".

1) NO Night time security

Excuse me??? I love wine and all, but my palate doesn't discriminate on the cheap stuff. I've never even bought a bottle of wine for $20 never mind a single glass!Needless to say, I thought it was rude of her that she double-checked with her bartender but didn't run over and say "hey, just wanted to make sure this was ok with you."If I ever find myself here again, never will I trust one of their servers.I generally always give 5 stars when needed and only 1 star when also needed.  I walked up to the host and wasn't greeted in a friendly way.  It was more like hey bro, you want a 1 top table?  I said yea, bra I just need a table.  The host then just turned around, mind you there is only 20 tables in about a 25x25 area, then said we just gave the last one up.  I was staring directly at a table to his right that needed to be bussed.  He then said oh you want that 4 top?  I told him i just needed a table,so I can eat and work on my laptop.  I was sat, the menu was placed face down, and he left without saying anything.  It took the server a few minutes to get to me, which wasn't the awkward part.  The awkward part was listening him tell the table across from me that they are almost out of everything and that there kitchen was closing quickly.  When my server came to my table, he didn't introduce himself, nor did he really great me.  It was just "can I get you a drink" so I asked for a diet coke.  I then asked him what the kitchen was out of, but by the time I finished my sentence, he had already walked away.  I had to call him back to the table to find out what the kitchen was out of.  I had to ask him what the kitchen was out of, and he really didn't say anything other then beef and maybe chicken.    He came back a few minutes later with a water, which I didn't ask for.  I placed my order and while I was doing it he wasn't writing it down.  After I placed my order he tried to repeat it back to me, but forgot an item so I had to repeat my order. While I was waiting for my food to come, the table was grumbling and looking for a manager.   They couldn't find one, but ask for the check and they had the same waiter as me.  That waiter went to the host stand and started explaining to the host how he wanted the dinning room floor sat as it was to benefit  him the way he explained it to the host.  So about 6 minutes after the table next to me asked for their check he left the host stand and the table had to ask him again for the check.  I got my food in a timely manner for sure, and the girl that dropped it off was friendly.  My food isn't bad, but the queasily is boring nothing special.  My salad was very normal and I will give it an excellent rating for the use of square Doritos chips.   My burrito was good, but the carnitas needed to be cooked longer.   Now I have been done eating for about 10 minutes, and my server never checked in on me to see how my food was, nor has my table been pre-bussed.  1.  You are in an airport, so running out of food isn't a reason to close early.

Lazy workers open but no service

o the BBBNote:* Carefully read and follow the instructions on your county's Dept. of Consumer Affairs website for filing a lawsuit in small claims court.

He quoted more than other Indian restaurants and the only reason we chose this place is it is pure vegetarian.The food was below average. The owner- the bald guy - was not very friendly. On top of that i found a screw in my spinach dosa and when i complaint about it, the owner calmly replied it must have come from a machine in the kitchen. I didn't hear any apology or any concern from my side. Had i eaten that, i would have to operated upon. Please stay away from this place !Yup.. downhill we roll with desi restaurants... just as I sadly predicted in my previous review. Everything remains the same, thali was a cold disasteronly reason for 1* is he/they forgot some items in my to-go orders twice and had to go back to pick them. so if you place a to go order, make sure you got everything. i had dessert missing once and idli&vada missing next.1 star. What a surprise.Nice looking Irish boy needs a Birth Certificate to get my license?

quality control? negative, none, nada. Yuk. yes, the manager apologized, no, I wasn't charged for the salad, but it turned my stomach.Bad.  Will never come back.

who you have working directly with your customers.... its a make or break decision.It's amateur hour here.  I've never seen this level of incompetence at a medical office.  The office manager should be fired yesterday.Our insurance company assigned this office-shaped toilet to us for our dental needs, so we went in for a cleaning.  A few days later, cavity fillings.  And a week or so after that, wisdom teeth removal.  Why did we keep going back you ask?  I have no idea.  Perhaps it was the devil in me that kept saying, "This must be a one-time deal.  Nobody is this incompetent."  The devil in me is a liar.Each appointment, they'd call the day before to confirm the appointment time.  EACH time, they quoted a wrong time.  So we'd say fine, we'll just go at the time you're telling us we were supposedly scheduled for.  Then, each visit, we'd get there and the lady at the front desk would tell us a completely different time than 1) what we had actually scheduled, and 2) what the lady confirming on the phone gave us.  Needless to say, we spent a lot of time stewing in corners waiting for our names to be called over these three visits.  And to add insult to injury, they actually charge YOU if you're late.  There's a word for that.  I'm sure I'll think of it later.On the third visit, while my wife was getting her wisdom teeth out, the billing dept. came out twice after I'd paid to tell me they'd screwed up and hadn't charged me the right amount.  I began to wonder if I should be in the room with my unconscious wife.  Images of an amateur surgeon with a perplexed expression on his face saying, "Oops.  One more do-over..." flitted through my mind.So after paying for each visit and enduring the rampant idiocy, we'll never have to deal with them again.  False!  I got a bill in the mail from them saying I owe several hundred dollars with only "Balance Forward" for an explanation, that it's been due over 90 days, and we also owe them late fees.Judas Priest, Elegant Smile.  It's like you're trying to piss me off.So, boys and girls, the lesson of this story is to avoid An Elegant Smile Dentistry like you would any other plague on humanity.My daughter & I just had the worst expierence at this dentist office, ever! The front desk asked me to fill out an 'update' and promptly pulled my 14 yr old MINOR child to the back to 'get started'I completed the form in a matter of seconds and returned to the desk looking to find someone....not a soul at the front desk.Ok....

Look like prostitutes and old people finally got a big night out!Don't come in parties of 7 I had to wait an hour while parties of 3 to 4 were being seated ahead. If they can seat small parties put tables together obvious solution.I was so disappointed. This was not the first time they put in the small beef rib in this meal namely jumbo texas beef rib. This meal cost $27 before tax which was supposed to contain 4 jumbo beef ribs. But they put in this small size of beef rib which caused the dish was not value for money that we paid. This is not the first time. I will stop buying from this restaurant.I give it 1 star for its BBQ. My wife and just happen to see a sign saying Bobby Q has the best BBQ in the country. Here is another example of over priced and over rated BBQ!! Not only are they NOT the best BBQ in the country! They are not even the best in Phoenix! I am not sure who they paid for that rating, but they got ripped off. If you are going to say you are the best in the country. you better be the best! And Bobby Q doesn't even come close I am sorry to say. But I will say the rest of the menu is good and the service is awesome!absolutely horrid place. over priced, shitty servers, and the food is meh.Now I understand Bobby Q has a dress code policy and when myself and 3 others went, we were dressed accordingly. The only issue I think they had was one of my friends had horns tatted on his head and that was exactly the first thing this guy noticed when checking us out. Even though he was appropriately dressed (fitted jeans and a fitted polo shirt), they would not allow my friend in. Since when did you guys have a tattoo policy? Now even though the guy who worked there didn't say that, we could tell that was the reason. Instead he claimed that my friends' shirt was too long. He looked at my friend and probably thought we were some "thugs" all because of a tattoo. As a matter of fact we are all working class people. You lost business with an entire group of people from the same business establishment who all like to go out together on their days off. I was really looking forward to trying a new place and I was so disappointed we couldn't all go in together. Not recommended if you have tattoos that scare people lol!!!This is the worst BBQ I've had in a long time I'm originally from Chicago and this is not good barbecue I wonder if they even have a real barbecue pit it doesn't taste like it and really tastes like another version of Famous Dave's matter-of-fact Famous Daves is better will never go there again FYI if you're looking for good BBQ come to Chicago.Came in from San Diego to watch the Angels play and the service this place was horrible!!!!!One of the worst restaurants I have ever came across the service was horrible and the mangers have no class nor customer service on how u treat ur customers we came from an angel spring training game and had 1 drink at the bar we sat for 30min until we finally asked where our drinks were and was told we were not being servered cause we were intoxicated witch was false we were told to leave cause we asked questions on why were weren't being servered not only were we treated unfairly for no reason  they profiled us for no reason..I will never go back and the most horrible service and experience EVER..they need to train there managers and employees on how to treat there customers WROST PlACE EVERHorrible experience... My boyfriend and I came here the other day had to wait not even 5 minutes to be sat. The server came a few minutes later and seemed like he was nervous and new.. A little awkward but overall was nice. He got our drink order and we ordered some appetizers. The fries were delicious the wings on the other hand were just ok.. We decided to share a 12oz WELL DONE  "filet mignon". It took about 45 minutes for our food to come out and the server kept apologizing for the wait and said  it was being "cooked to perfection". Which was ok since we ordered it WELL DONE. The steaks finally came out and they were nice enough to split the plates for us. I cut into my steak and it was not even close to well done.. Too too pink.. We were upset because it took so long we were hoping it would Atleast Come out properly.. My boyfriend cut into his and it was slightly pink.. So he gave me his steak but both steaks weren't the way we asked... We told out server and he didn't offer to take our steaks away until a manager came by and the manager said we were gonna get some new steaks... They brought out the "new ones" but it was clearly the same ones just put on the grill longer...No flavor at all and very tough to bite into , if we're spending $20-25 on a steak we have some decent expectations.. My boyfriend and I didn't eat much of the steak the manager had to take a second look deciding if he should take the steaks off.. They gave us 9$ off..Disappointed completely. One star for the fries and the delicious corn bread..Complete jerks here. Not impressed.  Staff was rude, drinks overpriced (but expected). My phone was stolen out of my purse, and rudeness prevailed til the end. I'll never return.Called in for take out, they said be there in 15 min, waited 45 min in their sweaty kitchen and then got a whole $5 coupon!!!  Thanks!!!!This place was the worst food and service. The waitress was rude and the manager was worseRude staff. The manager is a self important moron who believes that his word is God's law. The bouncers are rude for no reason, and even when it was clearly before the time that covers get charged, they charged a cover. Never go here.Today was the third time I have come here. Each time I noticed other guest who arrived after me get their meals first. I asked today why this was continually happening. I was told if someone else's order was easier they would do them first. Well, when a table of 4 and a table of 2 can get their meal first over my 1 sandwich I will not be back!I really wanted to like this place. My husband has been wanting to go for a while, and we finally went tonight.Let's start with the positives (I'll apologize in advance for jumping around). We ordered the calamari appetizer ($12.50); we both enjoyed it. Hubby had the three meat combo dinner ($26) with pulled pork, beef ribs, and chicken. It came with 2 sides, he chose baked potato & beans. He liked it all and the few bites he shared, I liked too. I ordered the 10 oz prime rib dinner($26). It came with 2 sides. I wanted a side salad, so I got one side and $3 up charge for the salad (which she told me up front & I was fine with). The blue cheese dressing is great. Some of the lettuce was brown though, so that was a little off-putting. The prime was just so-so & I would not order it again. Now for the rest of the not-so-great part of our dining experience. It is rare that hubby and I get to go out alone together these days, so we were really looking forward to having a nice dinner out. Our server was a little over-zealous at first. It was our first time there so we were taking our time going over the menu. We ordered the calamari appetizer and asked for a few more minutes, again. She brought 4 warm pieces of cornbread to the table. She comes back a couple minutes later & this is where one thing that really bothered me, happens. I have my little plate in front of me and as I'm about to put a piece of cornbread on it, she takes it, puts it on a dirty plate from someone else's table - as I was saying, "oh, I was still using that", and she says, "oh here, you can have it back" and set it back down in front of me! I said, "no, you can take it". She didn't even offer to bring me another one. Now, I've been a server before & even when I was inexperienced, I would have NEVER done any of that. Very unprofessional. When we placed our order (this was right before the plate incident) things came out in timely fashion, but then it was almost like she disappeared. I didn't like the mashed potatoes, something tasted a bit off - like they used milk that wasn't good or something. It wasn't until I was about finished with my prime that she came back to check on us. I asked for a baked potato instead, and she was back in a flash with one. So overall, hubby was satisfied with his food. Me, not so much. Service, lacking. And, for probably the worst part of it all...about half hour into dinner the lounge area starts playing heavy club music. Not only is it competing with the country they have playing in the restaurant, but you can feel & hear the bass so much that it literally made us feel so irritated that we decided to take the rest of our food home. It was not a good dining experience for us. We probably won't be going back.If you are a vegetarian DO NOT go here!!!My wife went there with a friend and brought me home take out. She asked if they had Gen. Tso TOFU (stress - TOFU). They said they do not but that they could make some.How awesome right? WRONG - they were too stupid to actually make it. Well if you're a meat eater this next part might not seem too important but if you're not you'll understand - she paid for and they sent her off with CHICKEN! That's right c h i c k e n, chicken. Disgusting dirty bird parts. When I opened the container I nearly puked. The stench of dead birds permeated our apartment and we both began to gag. So we paid for a big bowl of dead rotting animal parts. I'd like to have our money back but I'm not going to drive all the way back out there for it - I just wish these idiots could understand what a disgusting mistake they made. I'm sure it was just a mistake but it's one that you should NEVER make when it comes to serving those that don't eat flesh. Clearly a mistake like this shows that they have little regard for peoples dietary needs. I can only assume that even if they got it right they may have cross-contaminated it with dead animal parts. If you are a vegetarian DO NOT go here!!!This was definitely a disappointment (I guess I should have realized it wouldn't be anything special given that the place is normally empty).  I ordered delivery from here and it took over an hour (mind you I live about a five-minute drive away).  I ordered Singapore Rice Noodles and Spring Rolls.  The spring rolls were definitely not fresh or homemade and were an extremely small portion for $3.50.  In general, I felt that the prices were a little high (and am surprised that so many people commented on how low the prices were below).  The Singapore Rice Noodles were supposed to be with shrimp but arrived with about two pieces of shrimp and about 15 pieces of chicken (mind you, I don't eat meat...and there was no mention of chicken on their menu).  That was the disappointment that has made me decide to give it such a low score.  I can honestly say I will never patronize this restaurant and will encourage others to do the same....Worst restaurant experience ever. My wife's rice came out with a huge braided string in it, then her green curry came out and was the consistency of a bad soup. Super watery. Tasted like coconut water. We had a coupon through living social that they then refused to take because we  didn't spend $20 after her entree was removed from the bill even though spending $20 is not the requirement. The manager that came over coped an attitude with us, then tried to say that's how they make their curry, shitty. Living social was totally nice and refunded us though. PASSAwful. Good food poisoning.I ordered food from Sun Penang because of the great Yelp reviews. I excitedly called in orange chicken and thai iced tea. An hour and a half after I placed my order, I wondered where my food was. Finally! A phone call! But alas, it was only the driver calling to tell me that he spilled my tea in the car. Would I like him to drive back to the restaurant, make a new one, and come back to Shadyside? No, my hunger couldn't wait more time in addition to the hour and a half. About ten minutes later, my food arrived. Salvation! I ran upstairs and to my kitchen table, ready to eat. I eagerly took my first bite of the suspiciously cold chicken. An entire mouthful of chilled congealed fat caused me to vomit on my table. One star.I thought being in squirrel hill this place would be right on.  More like way off.  The waiter was not very friendly. My food came out 10 minutes after my friends meal did and we were the only ones in there.  I won't be going back there. However the receptionist was very very nice.This used to be my favorite restaurant in the town. But I was so disappointed today! Poor service and cold dim sum. The shrimp dumpling were cold. And the egg custard buns were raw!! The flour was running! OMG! Disgusting!  Also, the server dip water on my friend's coat and he did nothing! Ridiculous!Worst meal I have had to date.  Orange Beef, hot n sour soup, brown rice all terrible.  How do you mess up rice?  The rice has some smokey coal bad water flavor going on....yuck...good bye 30 dollars.I don't do reviews but just for this, I download the app. This is by far the worst Malaysian food that we have had.  We were greeted rudely.. (Surprisingly,  he was the owner of the restaurant!) which totally ruined our mood. However, the waitress was really nice. We ordered the Hainan chicken rice and curry chicken.. As we thought we couldnt go wrong with these. The chicken rice was blend and horrible!  And did have the taste of chicken but just brown fried rice with oil. The chicken meat was dry and coarse.  Curry chicken was bad.. rotten kind of bad that it tasted sour. The boss did not even apologize nor spoke to us - I didn't think he'd care! For what they charged, not even worth it : portion wise nor quality. Totally disappointed because we read the good reviews before going. I'd rate it 0 star if I could, so 1 star is for the nice waitress.  Would not recommend anyone going there if you're expecting decent malaysian food.lowest and worst service ever...wait there for 30min and no serve at allWhen we saw the "Dim Sum" sign outside, my husband and I were intrigued because my favorite (and prob only decent) Dim Sum restaurant in Pittsburgh, Golden Palace, had closed years ago. Sun Penang seemed to have a decent crowd for a Sunday afternoon so we thought there has to be something good here. Wrong. Maybe all the folks there had the same idea we had and were dining there for the first time? Our waitress was grim, lacking any sort of emotion. I gave her the benefit of the doubt, maybe she was having a bad day. But we quickly noticed that all the wait staff had the same emotionless expressions on their faces and "I hate my life" tones in their voices. As for the food, the dim sum was awful. We ordered shumai, shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, roasted pork bun and turnip cake. Everything tasted like it was straight from the freezer aisle of the Asian store and reheated in a microwave. It was all semi soggy and nothing tasted fresh or homemade. Not to mention, it all was kind of cold when it got to us. In terms of the atmosphere and decor, not too bad. The place has a full bar, but by the looks of the bartender on duty that day, she didn't seem to know what she was doing.  Lastly, they must not have a busser. When we came in, several tables had not been cleared and were left that way for our entire visit. Don't waste your time and money coming here, you're better off getting the frozen items at the store and heating them up yourself at home.I ordered lunch here for my fiancé and I to share, steamed shrimp buns, crispy squid, and the chefs 3 way special (or whatever it is)

I stayed here over the past weekend with my wife and a group of friends. When we checked out there was a charge on our room that neither my wife or I approved or knew about. I called the front desk and waited for over 20 minutes for anyone to answer only to be told they could not help and would transfer me to the Spice market Buffet where the charge was from. When they transferred me it was a dead line. NOT COOL!! called the front desk back, waited again, this time the took my phone number and said they would call me back. When they did call me back they just said that the charge was valid and that they could do nothing about it. I explained that i had signed nothing stating that there would be any charge to my room above the $200 credit on the room. I also explained that our room was never cleaned on Saturday. I was again advised that someone would call me back. They did call me back and state that they would refund another party of our group to "make it right". Not really sure how this helps me out at all. Bottom line is no refund has been issued and the additional charge to my card was done fraudulently! Planet Hollywood please call me and make this right!!!Today,  PH confirmed that they are committed to the worst customer experience ever.  30 min wait for elevator, gratuity charged from buffet without authorization, and yet another maid coming into my room unannounced. Robert, a manager, credited me $100 F&B as a make-good for a maid barging into my room with practically unannounced. That was greatly appreciated... until the maid did the SAME THING the NEXT DAY with EVEN LESS KNOCKING! Do you have no decency, PH?Also, I'm writing this review because it looks like they deleted my original review from Facebook.... can't tell if my original Yelp review is still there or not.Planet Hollywood - you're a bunch of criminals, and your housekeepers have no boundaries. Never, ever giving you a dime ever again.I come to Vegas more often than i'd like to admit.

And tissue paper and we paid extra tip and didn't receive anything! This is the first time I have been to a hotel that doesn't provide what u ask... This hotel is far from everything. If u want a quiet boring time in vegas stay here w over rates pricing. Restaurants Are not bad.. The front desk girl we checked in Laila was rude as hell! We will never come back to this hotel! Worse experience everDO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT!Let me start by saying the staff are polite and courteous, on point, from the concierge to the dealers.  Now that this is out of the way lets get into how the stay was.My buddy, his girlfriend and I stayed this past Friday and Saturday night (08/16/2014-10/08/2014).  We booked a Tower suite for $450.00 a night.When we arrived at the hotel the computers we're down and they were having trouble checking people in.  This is understandable, computers are finicky, especially with large complicated servers that this hotel/casino must have.  The least you could do is give out a small room comp for the wait, breakfast maybe?  Or ATLEAST inform us that we should check in at the Tower concierge instead of coming back twice to find out we could have checked in the whole time!While checking in we we're informed that our late checkout, free breakfast, hotel credit and guaranteed upgrade we we're promised upon booking we're not going to happen.  Again, not so much as a comp to make up for this.  We also requested a roll away bed, "no problem sir.".  1 hour later we call for the roll away as it hasn't showed up.  AGAIN 1 hour after this we call again.  We didn't see that role away the WHOLE trip, it never came.Moving on.  The "Tower King Suite", IS TINY.  $450 a night!! C'mon Steve.We we're not going to let this nonsense get us down, this is Vegas baby, and we're here, so lets have some fun.  Over the course of the weekend I spent a hair over 6 grand on the room, drinks, food and gambling.  You would be hard pressed to say I was a bad customer to the hotel.Upon checkout, I come to find that my supposed "players card" had no gambling time on it and that there was, "nothing they could do".You come to Vegas to party hard and be treated like royalty, especially when dropping 6 grand at the "Nicest" hotel in Vegas while staying in a Tower Suite, especially being former Marine Corps.Steve Wynn, you owe me my money and time.  Disgraceful.wow... what happened ENCORE???you guys hit rock bottom within a matter of months ! I've made it a point to only stay at the Encore the past several years and i think this may have been my last?it took 30 minutes to check in (not waiting in line - at the counter!)30 minutes for the front desk guy to check ID, and he kept going in and out of the backroom - only to tell us that our room wasnt ready yet and that he will text us at 3 when the room is ready4:00pm - still no txt.  we had to wait in that god awful check in line again for another 20 min to get our room.the lack of cocktail service was ridiculous even the pitbosses got upset. then the cocktail waitress argued and lied saying she was serving us all day. huh??? then told us not to move around? uh hello???? its not like we're going from casino to casino! we are moving over one table!!!! and if you were quicker we wouldnt be at a different table! worst service ever on a weekend. very disappointed.They claim your room type isn't Ready yet at check in them offer to "upgrade" you for $20 a night to one that's ready.  Total scam since room is exactly the same.  Have stayed her numerous times and this will be last.  Agreed to pay the $20 for a quite room.  They put me right next to elevator and was woken up each night.  Toilet was running and TV didn't work.  Spoke w/ 2 managers and they wouldn't credit the $.  Staying at SLS next time.If I could leave 0 stars I would like that option . I love the hotel I go to Vegas quite often and encore is always my top pick for a stay. Unfortunately, I had my first bad experience due to the security . My friend and I used the bathroom then we were going to proceed to xs. But a head security manager made a call to stop my

Shrimp coctail not as good as before., OVER PRICED food now, tacos still ok.Young Kid prepping food CHEWING GUM...??? DISGUSTING!!!. There is something called "FOOD PREPARATION CERTIFICATION" .....maybe they never heard about itI ordered the steak burrito with extra meat, cheese, sour cream, and pico.  The burrito was super skinny, especially for 9 bucks. My order just sat in the window for about 5 min and no one called me. wasnt offered any salsa with my burrito either.  Wont be back.This place is a joke! First of the service sucked and when we ordered, the cashier didn't explain how their ridiculous system works. They charged us $1.89 for sour cream and guacamole and if you order a taco and ask for a plain taco they charge you an extra damn dollar for not having beans on your damn taco!?! Really?! Who eats tacos, with beans in their tacos?! Eww!! Don't waste your time, we wasted 30 minutes of our precious time, just to get a refund. Plus the tacos are small and they add the beans to make them look decent for 3.50! Not even King tacos are that expensive! Eww!!!Employee brought out bathroom cleaning supplies with toilet brush-placed in visible sink washed hands and asked me what I would like to order.  I said nothing and walked out.  Called manager over 6 weeks ago to discuss the idea of bringing toilet brushes in the food area and I haven't heard back from them.If I could rate 0 stars, I would.  I don't eat sandwiches as often as I'd like since bread is not technically part of a healthy lifestyle for me.  However, we were getting ready for vacation, things were hectic and I didn't really care!  Although my first preference for subs is Jersey Mikes, Which Wich & even Subway on occasion; I've had Blimpie in the past and have had good experiences.  They are just not conveniently located where I'm at most of the time and I do prefer the ones mentioned above in that order.  It had been awhile since I had one & my husband picked it up for me since it was in the area he was running an errand.  Let me say that I am completely appalled that I had to pay ANY money for what I received let alone $6.  I had a 12 in club sub. I'd rather pay $6 for a 6 inch sub that was higher quality.  One very, thinner than paper, layer of each: turkey, ham, & cheese.  Completely disgusted & not at all satisfying.  If I wanted only a bread and veggies sub, I would go to Subway & order their veggie sub, much more satisfying.  But in a time where I'm following an eating plan that is all about protein, I've become a protein lover.  However, even a non meat lover would expect more than what I received!  From now on I will stick with the other previously mentioned places when I want to "treat" myself to a sandwich w/ bread! See picture of just how pathetic my sub was!I read good reviews online for gluten free options at Blimpie.  My kids wanted sandwiches, so I thought I'd try it.  The employees didn't seem to know what was gluten free and what wasn't.  The menu only listed two salad options - the pictures didn't match the list.  I asked for what was in the picture, she made me something else, when I told her, she got angry and whispered something to the other employee and took my salad in the back.  She made another one, still not what I asked for.  It was $6 and totally unsatisfying.  The dressing came in cups, so no way to check if it was gluten free.  I thought her attitude would get worse if I asked her to change her gloves or wipe down the meat slicer.  I am not giving blimpie my money, even for my kids.What's wrong with this store??? It's a beautiful 73° outside and it's 80° in the dining room. The woman that doesn't want to work here is making my sandwich.  Please train your employees. Customer service and good attitude is a simple request. I'm sitting in the restaurant now and she is right in front of me filling a drink, heated and yelling about something to her co-worker who is in the back kitchen. I don't speak Spanish, so I don't know what the problem is. Just silly to see the lack of SERVICE skills and lack of management to stop this nonsense.I'm actually jealous everyone else had such a good experience!  My experience...not so good.  My brother recommend this place and has been sent a nasty text message. We arrived for the game (I know, I don't know why I watch the Cards either) and had been told during the game, it was 1/2 off appetizers.  So, I got the Original Large Ceviche but it arrived 30 minutes after our arrival, and while we were sitting there steaming from not having received our meal.  Two other tables, one that arrived about 15 minutes after us, got their meals before us (even the ceviche they ordered and again, before we got ours).  So, we chilled a bit and took some bites of the ceviche...well...UGH...no deveining.  Most people would not notice because they cut the shrimp into small bites, but I always look for it.  Ewwww!  No reason not to devein, they charge enough for the item ($12.99), they should make it right!Well, since our order never came, it was almost 40 minutes after we had ordered, we had 3 bowls of chips and salsa, watching a game I didn't enjoy nor understand (I don't speak Spanish) and we had to sit there and watch Soccer on (I think) Univision, (which I didn't understand since 1/2 price appetizers where for the Cards game), the little girl at the table next to me had let out her 8th high-pitched wail, we were done and left.   I left a tip for the water, chips and salsa, but I was NOT going to pay for yucky ceviche.  It's not a place I would ever even give another chance too.  The food being brought to other tables didn't even look good, not impressed.  Go at your own risk, don't expect too much though.  Again, this was my experience and it may or may not have been unique.  I would not go here again, and my brother owes me some gas money with a sprinkle for chips and salsa!Baja Joe? More like Baja NO!The food is like any other run of the mill Mexican food restaurant out there. Nothing really to write home about but it isn't terrible either.  The one thing I have to complain about thought is the AWFUL service! As soon as our food came out, our server couldn't be bothered to grab us water or even our check once our meal was done. We sat for at least 15min after someone else came to clear our table before our server even came back to check in on us. Once we could finally grab her attention she dropped the check, I instantly put my card down and said it was ready for her to take, she glared at me and walked away without even picking up our payment. RUDE! Seriously, costumer service can make or break an experience and the lack of attention (in a nearly empty restaurant) is inexcusable. I always try to cut servers slack because I know bad days happen, but you've got to draw the line somewhere. I for one, have no desire to give this place another shot.I've now been there twice and can honestly say I will never go there again.  Seriously, the service is the worst.  The first time I went there we waited an hour for our food.  People that were seated after us got their food, paid their check, and left before we got our food.  The second time it took forever again, I thought I was safe ordering nachos, but it came with a "cheese sauce" and the meat left a lot to be desired.  I sent them back and didn't order anything else.  My friends really like the fajitas, but after two bad experiences I'm not willing to go back to try those.  The servers were nice, but non attentive, beyond that I think it's really the management and kitchen staff that need a lot of help.I have tried Baja Joes three times and each time I had a bad experience. I know why would anyone go back if they didn't like it the first time. I went there for the live music and found there wasn't any other reason to go there again. It took over an hour to get my dinner and when I asked for chips and salsa, the server told me the ran out of chips. I get that they were busy and that is why I thought I would give them a second visit. Yes, the live music brought me back again and this time the service was slow and inconsistent. My friends all complained to me. Asking why I would bring them there. For the music, I told them. My third visit and I know you are thinking 3 times? I went only for the music and still had an awful experience. The server was rude and when I complained to the manager, he was just as rude and unhelpful. After talking with him, I can see why the service and restaurant is so bad. I will not be going back another time. I will not even go there to hear the live music!! I would recommend that you go some place else!!My fiancé and I wanted to check this place out on date night. We usually go to a spot in Phoenix but neither one of us felt like driving that far tonight. I am a huge fan of ceviche and I love real Mexican seafood. I've got to say, I was not impressed with this place at all. Shrimp did not taste fresh, octopus was rubbery, bland, flavorless. This is FAR from real Mexican seafood. Everything is Americanized. Also, service was very slow. Save yourself the disappointment. I will be making the drive to Mariscos Playa Hermosa from now on.After receiving a very nasty reply from the owner regarding my last review, I now wish that I could give this dump -5 stars. As a "professional business man" one would think that the owner would be open to critique that could better his business. Apparently, this is not the case at Baja Joes. Not only was the food horrid, the owner is also snide and condescending, cannot say that I am surprised. The food really is a reflection of their owner. I am absolutely taken aback by the amount of unprofessional (or lack thereof) from Baja J. The purpose of my last review was NOT to promote another business or "ride anyone's coat tails". I was simply leaving my honest opinion about several Mexican dishes that I know a GREAT deal about! Growing up in a Hispanic household, I KNOW what good/real Mexican seafood tastes like, and regrettably, you will not find either at Baja Joes. Baja J, I apologize if my previous review was too honest for you, however, you sir, need to learn some professionalism and respect! Please understand that this was my honest review of YOUR food and what needs improvement. Again this was MY honest review of YOUR restaurant. If I wanted to promote another restaurant I would leave a review on THEIR page, not yours! I am in NO WAY affiliated with any restaurant, if I was, don't you think that I would be promoting the heck out of it? Do your research Baja J, I have not even reviewed the establishment I mentioned previously. If I were you, I would take a serious look at your menu, recipes, and attitude because judging by other reviewers I am not the only one who has had these complaints. Do you belittle and undermine everyone who does not like your restaurant? Would you prefer that I say I have received better meals from Taco Bell, or would that be promoting another business as well? Future diners beware, if you do not care for their food you will be publicly chastised for your honest opinion. The owner will not try to remedy the situation or make up for the fact that you wasted $65 on a terrible experience. Heck, he wont even apologize that you had a bad meal. Absolutely inexcusable.Ordered food at bar got wrong food and bartender told me..Hey its good I like that just try it. Drink was made wrong. Happened twice with same bartender.Went to Baja Joes for lunch.  I ordered the two fish tacos lunch special.  It was okay.  It is worth noting that there is no host at the door, and there were many people waiting to be acknowledged including me.  They need to be more attentive.  If you want Mexican style seafood go elsewhere.  Thanks.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cost was normal for an upscale italian about $60 for the 2 pasta dinners and a single glass of wine. Which btw wasnt poured table side which I think is tacky and a sad thing in such a nice restaurant. BUT as it grew busy and we were just finishing the male waiter asked with menus in hand while 2 guest eyeballed us anxiously for people he wanted to seat if we were done. Everyone....EVERYONE usually gets shown a lovely dessert platter and asked if they like dessert and coffee after. Not us just are you finished? We had planned on dessert and coffee and wanted our left overs that he quickly ushered away to pack up. But no a bill dropped in front of us. Obviously they are much more concerned with turn over than quality and service and MOST important customer satisfaction. Next time we will just trek down to strip to a hotel and go to a Italian restaurant there.Awful!!! Went in and asked if they had gluten free dough since I have an allergy... They said yes. We sat down and ordered drinks (just soda). Got our soda and a few minutes later they came to take our order. I ordered a gluten free pizza and they said that they didn't have any. I was kind of annoyed because I asked earlier but I just said that I would leave because there was nothing I could eat. They still charged us for the drinks... Silly!!!!I am disgusted with their policy of requiring the driver of a patient going through an upper and lower GI to wait 2-3 hours in their waiting room.  As a business owner I could have been productive but was forced to sit there or they would not do the procedure.  To put in place a policy to protect against a few abusers and punish the vast majority is absolutely POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.This is the worst medical group I have ever dealt with.  In my opinion you could die in the waiting room before they provide care.  I am in the surgery center waiting for the repair of a fracture and there is not a chair to sit in. Do what ever you need to do but if you want quality care do not come here.The most poor communication I've ever seen in healthcare. Literally refer people to broken phone numbers and relocated services. Can't seem to update their listings.Seriously, what is with all the hype?!?!?

Fruit smoothie - excellent

2.  Remote control for the rear entertainment system

If a tenant feels they have left the property in the same or better condition, they must first request the return of their deposit in writing.ARS § 33-1319

I was mortified when Jack cut me THREE times, and blamed ME???? He pressed an empty potion bottle onto each bleeding cut and then threw the bottle back into his drawer, only to grab it again. He took out his instruments from what looked like a sealed, sterilized package, but when he was done, he placed them back into the package and I actually saw him use them on the next customer. He didn't even wash them. Hello...there was blood on them after he cut me. He yells at his "Salon girl" as if she is a slave. It made me so uncomfortable to hear him yell at her, especially with a full salon.

4) Wu-tao-gock:  Fried taro was decent

Screw this place - they are such jerks!

To why a psychiatrist was brought in to consult! That wasn't the pressing issue that is prompting me to rate this IP experience.  I am a

It might have been the wrong day to go to Wally's.Today is Cinco de Mayo and at Wally's, they were celebrating "Cinco de Wally's" (Wally's Five?!?!?...five what?) with a "special" menu.

I felt like I was in the twilight zone!

The service was fucking rude!!!!--we were not that hungry so we only ordered one dish and he said" only one?! Whatever. It's up to you." And then left. When we checked, they asked us to pay cash but we wanted to use card. But since they asked, we putted all of our cash on the table. They counted and it was only enough for paying food, no more for tips. Before we said nothing,they said"you have to pay tips!" We said:"so use the card." and then they received our card reluctantly. We are visitor in Vegas and this restaurant had ruined our beautiful night totally. We highly don't recommend you guys go there. This kind of restaurant doesn't deserve to get people's business. If you don't know how to do your business, you will shut down one day, sooner or later.Rude services. Nasty food. High price. I had bad diarrhea and my friend felt nausea after eat there. Not recommended and won't go back.Rude services. These people treat you as if you are stealing from them. Forget about smiles, they sometime even pretend they don't hear what you say and force you to repeat! To be fair, the food seems okay. But you would definitely lose your happy mood after eating there.Beware of this restaurant using nasty practice to rip you off. They would suggest something highly priced and intentionally count wrong items to charge you twice. This restaurant has been moved to the second floor of the Ranch 99 mall.大陆来的特别注意老板的欺骗行为The food was horrible and big rip off . We ordered a lobster, there is no one piece of meat and they charged us $70 for it. If I could I would give them -10, don't ever go there. 宰入饭店，千万不要去吃。Worse restaurant I have ever been to. I'll give it that the combo fried rice was okay but when we got our half roasted duck and it was incredibly over cooked. IT WAS BLACK. I am not joking as I state that. I have never had badly cooked duck before.

I was not happy with how the owner was treating me... and when I wrote him a check he called me a Jew Bastard when walking out the door.I would never recommend this company.I hadn't been to a Denny's in years, because I like healthy vegan food and they never had any.But when I heard that they were offering a new veggie burger, I had to give it a try. The menu started out, "BETTER BURGERS

- mon plat m'a été apporté 15 minutes avant celui de ma copine.

I kindly asked Gene if I was able to speak to Adam (the owner)

Beautiful decor and it looked like people were having fun, but it was extremely insulting and embarrassing to have to go through this. I would have appreciated the chance to share this experience with management, but the employee who gave me this trouble turned out to be the head manager of the pool.Todd, my husband and I are staying at the Palazzo the end if May, we would love to give Azure another try, maybe this new management will prove to have an upper class atmosphere as the Palazzo Hotel. We were really disappointed last September by the unprofessional staff and treated with disrespect. If you could make sure our experience is amazing we will stop by Azure last week in May and give another review. Thank you for contacting me, see you this May, hopefully.$15 a beer.So I went here yesterday (Sunday)with my girlfriend for a friends event.  I waited behind 2 people in line at the bar while the bartender moved like she was in no particular hurry.  Took an unusually long time to get to the bar only being third in line.  I saw they had a drink that included my favorite vodka, Effen Cucumber.  I ordered one along with a white wine for my girlfriend.  The bartender tells me i have to order my white wine from the cocktail server.  Huh???  She hands me the drink and say TWENTY THREE dollars.  (No prices posted)  WTH???  Tipped her $2.00 for her slow service and went to find a cocktail waitress.  Found one and ordered a glass of white wine.  Told her my cabana and she said she would tell my server.  I apologized and said I would tell her, but she said she would handle it.  Stood around for 20 minutes waiting, then asked another server walking by.  She said you have to ask YOUR server.  I asked who she was and she pointed  to a pretty girl clearly flirting and just chatting with a hot guy.  I told her I'd like to order a glass of white wine.  She said we only sell white wine by the bottle...  I'll get you a menu.  WHAT???  She grabs a menu out of another cabana and points to 2 bottles of white wine...  One is $350.00, the other is $150.00.  Are you kidding me???  So 30 minutes in I finally figure out I can't afford to buy my girlfriend a "glass" of wine at Azure pool.  And $23.00 for a 12oz mixed drink???  I'm a local for 12 years and I have never seen such a ripoff at a vegas pool.  Palazzo should be ashamed!  I was so appalled i was trying to figure out what to do, then Yelp and Trip Advisor popped into my head.  Maybe this will stop Palazzo from ripping people off !Horrible service for the 2 grand we spent. The dj's were lied and were unaccommodating. Give some other place your money.I've had bad luck with the Deli at this Basha's. two time this year I've ordered a pizza and when I come to pick it up there is NO pizza!  1st time my order slip was found on the floor and then thrown in to the trash. Today's order, well the deli personnel act like I never called it in. I ordered a sausage with extra cheese and spelled out my name, because its unusual. They apologized and offered to make me another one, it'd take 15min. Well I've already waited 30min!  I left to go to SPROUTS to buy a frozen pizza. Basha's pizza is ok. I get it because I believe in shopping local. I live in Verrado and I want to support local businesses. It's a WIN WIN situation. I called and spoke to the manager, Tiffany. She apologized and offered me a free pizza next time. I told her she needs to look at the deli personnel and re-evaluate their procedures for taking orders. She even told me when I call to ask for the manager and place my order with them. A manager has time to take pizza orders??? It's one thing to own up to a mistake BUT totally something else to tell the customer they never order in the first place. Now we call the customer a liar!  I believe I'm done with Basha's.This place has fallen a part I been going here for ten years and what a change they used to have great service. Now it is a mess the check out staff is rude and will not help there was a lady in front of me asking for help to the car they told her it will be a while until they can help.  I walked her to her can and loaded it for her.  What is management doing about this store  wow time to go back to frys.  It is worth the drive just like verrado it gone all down hill this place is the neighborhood of broken dreamsSo sad that we will not be shopping here anymore. The employees here go out of their way to be unfriendly, rude and not helpful. Sad because  we really like to support local but I think the 5 mile drive over to Fry's is a better shopping experience. You can always count on a friendly hello from a Fry's employee. Sorry Bashas but you will not see anymore of our dollars.This place is horrible. The wait for the Deli is timeless. The people they hire are rude and absolutely the worst to deal with. The "assistant manager" is a child. I had a situation with them a few weeks back; I complained and called in. One of the employees there broke something of mine. The manager said he would call me back and replace the item that was broken. Never called back... It's been a month. I hate this place. Close down please and have someone else take over because, this is the worst grocery store I've ever been to.How irritating... Arriving to the place.. and then finding that they were closed early.. in spite of the fact that they advertised being open till 12.. they closed at 11:45.Was really disappointed at the Manager on duty.. who callously looked at me.. and said.. 11:45..  nothing like.. I am sorry.. we start to close early. Instead.. just went on a diatribe about how it was the way it always was.. and that was it.. I went across the aisle to Mcdonalds and had an ice cream cone.. Much friendlier.. and much better price.. and really.. I  don't think I will ever go back.. It is just the location that is the draw.. I would never go out of my way to come back.. there are plenty of more affordable and friendly places to by froyo.. in Las Vegas!.Came here ready to eat some yogurt,  but I wasn't sure what I wanted, so I asked the guy behind the counter of they had sample cups,  he tells me they ran out,  okay I can deal with that,  so as my bf and his daughter are looking at the flavors available,  I sit down (I pulled my groin muscle earlier) and I look towards were the staff and what do I see there,  a bunch of the sample cups,  which at that moment my bf walks up to me to ask what I plan on getting,  and if I was able to get the sample cups?  I told him,  "No" cause the guy behind the counter felt the need to lie to me and tell they were out. He then went over and asked him himself, which now the guy tells him "oh no we aren't giving out samples due to the labor day weekend", my bf just replies "okay no worries,  understandable" and tells me the guys reply,  which now I'm irritated,  I'm not a kid,  be upfront as to why you aren't giving out sample cups and I cab respect you for it,  but to lie,  I don't tolerate that!!! So then my bf asked what I was going to get,  I yelled back "nothing,  I rather go to McDonalds". I know people may say,  it's just yogurt,  yes,  but flavors are different and if I don't like the taste,  well then,  I'm out of money and yogurt,  and I hate wasting both. But here,  it came down to the principal of being lied to my face,  that just turned me off to this place and I will NEVER go back!!!!I come to Vegas every year, and every year I like to stop by the Palms to get a New Yorker crepe from this place. In years passed, it's been great. This year? Not so much. On more than more occasion within the same week I came in to get a crepe, all at different times of the day with different people working. Each time I asked, the person working there would find a reason not to make it. Every single time I asked they would look vaguely around their station at nothing in particular and then say "I think we're out of___". You know, not actually checking to see if they're out of "insert ingredient" just going ahead and assuming. Really, bitch? Okay. I might've been cool if their reasoning seemed legit, but it seemed more of a case of them not wanting to bother doing anything other than ringing up pre-made yogurts.Now here is the perfect trap for someone who is bored in the Palms casino.Don't make the same mistake I did.This yogurt is crap.Female worker tonight on 6-15-16 decided for the company she would close 15mins Early and ignore  my wife and people inline by staying in the back. All toppings where already put away.  Try and hire people that like to work for best interest of your company.This place is always closing early.. I have come here 4 times and everytime I make the trip out here right at 10 already closed all the way down at 9:30 it's closed. I think during the summer they would stay open longer.WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER......Today I went to cash a check at the customer services center around 3, so I could purchase groceries with my children after cashing the check,, the gentlemen working the center... Well wouldn't call him a gentlemen,, I was treated with no customer service what so ever, he didn't welcome me addressed me as "yeah" and rudely told me "we don't cash those thing here" and without telling me why, he waved the next customer in line over, I asked for manager which she was no help at all , she rolled her eyes when I went to explain the service I had just received , she stated " he's been working here along time he knows what he is doing" while she was talking to me, the guy working kept placing his two cents into the conversation while laughing thinking the situation was something to smirk about, I had ask to speak to someone else which the manager said there was no one else to speak with and If I didn't like it to leave a have a good day.. I felt disrespected and belittled on the way I was treated, after leaving I felt ashamed and betrayed since I've been such a loyal customer, I have always shopped at SMITH'S but no longer, I suggest shopping at Albertson's which is just down the road on Cheyenne and Rampart, or even Walmart.. I never ever place reviews but this experience was too much and I really posted this so other family's could avoid experiencing the same treatment, no customer should ever be treated in this manner.. Thank you for reading I hope you avoid this experience by taking you business else where.WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER......Today I went to cash a check at the customer services center around 3, so I could purchase groceries with my children after cashing the check,, the gentlemen working the center... Well wouldn't call him a gentlemen,, I was treated with no customer service what so ever, he didn't welcome me addressed me as "yeah" and rudely told me "we don't cash those thing here" and without telling me why, he waved the next customer in line over, I asked for manager which she was no help at all , she rolled her eyes when I went to explain the service I had just received , she stated " he's been working here along time he knows what he is doing" while she was talking to me, the guy working kept placing his two cents into the conversation while laughing thinking the situation was something to smirk about, I had ask to speak to someone else which the manager said there was no one else to speak with and If I didn't like it to leave a have a good day.. I felt disrespected and belittled on the way I was treated, after leaving I felt ashamed and betrayed since I've been such a loyal customer, I have always shopped at SMITH'S but no longer, I suggest shopping at Albertson's which is just down the road on Cheyenne and Rampart, or even Walmart.. I never ever place reviews but this experience was too much and I really posted this so other family's could avoid experiencing the same treatment, no customer should ever be treated in this manner.. Thank you for reading I hope you avoid this experience by taking your business else where.Needed a few things I had heard that this

profits go into the clerk pocket,,,,,,,,,

Great food awsome flavor and nice staff. I thought coming back to this amazing place would be a good idea but boy was I wrong. The women. Who took my order was not professional, friendly or helpfull. I ordered a pizza with BBQ sauce, cheese, pinapple, jalapeños, bacon, sausage and ham. I was wanting a sweat and spicy pizza. That's not what I received. They completely forgot the ham and took it apon them self to add mushrooms and zucchini. With those two added food items it through off the whole taste of the pizza. I could only have a few bits before I throw my slices away. I ordered this pizza four my office. I was ranting ans raving about how fantastic your pizza is. Every one was wanting Me to order from giant rustic pizza but I convince them streets of new York was better. We all were let down. I nor any CO workers will be ordering from you.Almost cried. Other locations can be okay, but the delivery I got from this one was horrible. It will be a while before I go to any location after the experience I had here.Very poor customer service. Incredibly long wait times. Avoid Scottsdale Healthcare.While Dr. Olson-Gibbs is an amazing physician, I am now looking elsewhere for healthcare.When this clinic was Towne Center Medical Group, you could call and make an appointment in less than five minutes. Minimal time on hold.I am trying to make an appointment now and am listening to the recording telling me how important my call is - for 16 minutes so far.  This is the new normal under Scottsdale Healthcare.If my call or business was important to them, they would have answered already.Extremely underwhelmed and planning to find a new doc!First clue about where this was headed was on my first visit: when he entered the room in a hurried frenzy, I jumped up to shake his hand and say nice to meet you. His response "haven't we meet before" (gee obviously he didn't read that big sticker on top of chart that said new patient or read the pages of paper work I had filled out). I was there for an annual examine that my insurance company, like most, covers at100%. He and his staff knew that as I had made it clear. Later I received multiple bills for the visit because it wasn't coded as an annual examine. When I called to explain that it needed to be coded as promised to me I was told they don't do annual examines on a first patient visit and therefore stuck with all the preventive tests and lab work he ordered that my insurance co would have paid 100% if coded properly. Next issue: he didn't want to be bothered discussing lab results on cholesterol (only an office assistant w/o a medical degree was willing to 'read' notes that he didn't even understand). Bottom-line, Dr. Oesch is too busy to be bothered with patient care and delivering on your needs/expectations on his no-more-than-10min, distracted time with you before he goes off to incompetently bill and leave you stuck.Been there Done that. The beer i had was icy cold. The band was not so great I think they were Rock Lobster. The crowd was mostly 20 something college kids. There was no wait service except at the bar. Which sucked also.My friends knew someone in the band and fortunately we did not have to wait in line or pay a cover. Because believe me it wasn't worth it. Maybe I'm just to old for this scene? We blew out of there just before midnight. No one could get me to return to that so called nightlife scene. Guys dancing with themselves and other guys, same goes for the girls. The patio scene was even lame. What happened to mingling and being social?02.06.10$5 cover.  Opening band = Andrew something.  Rock Lobster was main draw.  They did pretty good cover songs.Nice bartender with a heavy hand is always a plus.  One shot = three gulps!No problem securing a booth to goof off in.  Maybe next time people shouldn't stare at us as much?Multiple rooms, back room has hip hop blasting and stripper poles with all reserved tables.Outdoor area in the back with a bar as well.  I like multiple options.***UPDATE***

because either he was unaware of basic serving techniques and customer service, or just didn't care that we were a table of his.  When we flagged him down to order the next round, we then put in our order forour dinners.  He seemed surprised that we wanted to order food and

Unbelievably small portions of food, yet at a high price.

1. Appointments cancelled with no notice. Showed up for appointments.......office closed.

All the food here was pretty bad. Cheap and frozen, It's a bit like their mum did actually go to Iceland. The staff were a bit bizarre too. Really quite unhelpful.One star for the location which is great (centre of old town). The rest is just a disaster. Ok in August the city is crowded with the festival but seriously 25£ a night in such a crappy place is a shame. The building is old and squalid. The dorm smelled like sweat or foot, I am not sure, but it was disgusting. I am convinced bed sheets aren't washed after every visit, thanks god I had my sleeping bag. Compared with other hostels in Scotland where they shut them completely in the afternoon to do the cleaning, this one is filthy!! I seriously don't understand how they make the hygiene inspection.Sad to say I have to disagree with all the other reviewers about how great this place is.   the restaurant gets two points for the food but ive docked another because of my "lost umbrella" and ehh service.We went to the restaurant and they told us to come back in 15 minutes because they dont have any seats open. Ok, so we go to the bar next door, grab a drink and come back in 20 minutes.  Still no seat available. By this time, I'm super hungry and about to fall over. But we wait.  Another 20 minutes pass and FINALLY we get seated.We ordered the overpriced thali and the salmon tikka., tomato rice and naan.  Naan was fine, salmon tikka was horribly fishy.  Thali was okay but wayyy overpriced.  Its  essentially a hodgepodge of different curries.   I mean $15.95 for all that?  And the tomato rice, dont get me staretd on that.  It tasted liek someone dipped all the rice into a vat of butter and handed to me on a plate. I am married to a south indian so i know whats good.  That was NOT good.  Naan was the only thing that was okay in my opinion and I saked for dry naan but again no one seemed to listen.  The icing on the top was that we left our umbrella there and were clearly the last people in the restaurant. we call the restaurant to ask to pick it up and the guy said they didnt have it.  come on really? its only an umbrella.Would i recommend to others? That would be ahem. NO.Pretty much worst Italian ever. Calamari, seafood selection were terrible and even after we complained a out the lentil soup there was no action taken. Avoid this overpriced joint!Scallops were previously frozen and under cooked. Very rubbery. Fish and chips came dripping with grease, they couldn't be bothered to dry it off? Also found a piece of hair fried into one of the fillets which was a nice touch. Would not recommend for the food or for the price $$$I agree so hard with Wendy.  Thank you for giving it the perfect adjective:  obnoxious.This isn't a scary tour.  You get a lamely costumed "actor" running around with plastic masks and thin robes, acting like an imbecile.It's not an informative tour.  You get poorly told summaries of watered down stories, butchered from other more interesting websites and books. It's not a sightseeing tour.  You see dumpsters, walk down an alley for a lame scare, go nowhere in particular, and stop at no actual "sights."If you want to be scared, go on a different tour.  If you want to hear ghost stories, go elsewhere.  If you want to see some haunted or interesting sights at night, definitely GO ELSEWHERE.This "tour" is made up of two annoying and immature fellows who are not at all entertaining or interesting.  The experience accomplishes nothing in particular, except for wasting an hour and taking your money.AVOID.I agree with Alice's review - even though I am a student, I HATE Po Na Na because it has such a 'yah' atmosphere. The students in here give students like me a bad name!!I once heard stories that Scottish people were refused entry into Po Na Na, and I can quite believe it. It markets itself as an entirely English club. What's up with that?! What's more my ex-flatmate used to work here and she said that if the punters won't notice, don't give them vodka in their drinks but charge them for it anyway! WHAT?!all the staff in here are what I would call 'beautiful people'  - they all look good but they are very much aware of it.My mum came to Po Na NA once on a hen-party and even she said she felt uncomfortable.Po Na Na? let's forget the 'Po' and you've got my feelings exactly about this club.I have been here only a  couple of times and have never actually had a good night. The place is renowned for being a Rah,Yah or Sloane (whatever you want to call a spoilt rich student) HQ, so I really shouldn't have been that surprised by having a bad night.

I ask...how much longer for a room? 15-30 minutes.1pm We finally get called back to a room, a NEW vet tech takes my dogs temp, apologizes for the wait says they have had a "rush" and the dr will be right in.

-Crappy staff

They speak a good game but have poor response and poor service when needed.BUYER BEWARE!  DON'T USE DAVIS MILES MCGUIRE AND GARDNER for legal issues.worthless law firm.  I have legal shield which is also worthless.  every time I have requested to speak with a lawyer they are extremely short with their responses and give me the most effortless responses (for them) possible.  Every piece of advice I've received was of absolutely no help in any capacity.  It may just be because I was requesting this info through my prepaid legal service so they just don't care.  Either way, my personal opinion, find another law firm that try's to do what's best for you, not what's the most time efficient for them.Attempted to go through the drive thru twice today to use the ATM. No power to it on both visits. So inconvenient, there aren't enough branches around in the east valley.

Chopsticks came in canvas bags

He comp'ed the whole meal - at least that!I don't think that we will come to this location again, but I will visit other BJ's near us.My fiance and I have been to that location at least four times, the first time was great, food and service was wonderful.  The three other times we have been there for dinner the service was terrible, food came out cold.  Please don't think about sending the food back because it is okay for them to pop it in the microwave, nuke it and bring it back out.  15min = 30min//30min = 45min - 1 hr.  The hostesses don't mind sitting their friends  that come in before anyone else.  The manager is a complete waste of space and time.  She has more excesses than a politician.  I would not suggest to anyone even my worst enemy to go to that restaurant.Went for late lunch and we both ordered a deep dish large pizza at about $25 a piece, we wanted to take some home...If you love bread, then buy this...because 80% of our pizzas were bread with a little toppings on it...if this is their idea of "deep dish" it is very sad. I would have sent them back, but did not want to embarrass my son. You could have easily peeled off the layer of cheese and ingredients because it was that slight...Will never go back for their so called deep dish pizza.Let's just say that the employees need to go through a re-training.  We get our food, and most of us are out of the water that we initially received.  We ask the server (not the waitress) for water, but it never comes.  Now we are completely out.  We grab another waitress - not ours because why would ours come back - and ask her for water.  10 minutes later she comes back - with one glass - for a party of 4!!!  We finally get our waitress to bring water.  She finally does - but no lemons this time.  I guess we are being punished.  Seriously, if employees have time to stand around talking, then they have time to grab pitchers of water and refill glasses.  I know there is no money in water, but it's all about customer service.  We were all obviously done with eating, and had been for a while, and I catch our waitresses eye.  She says "oh, do you need something".  Yeah, like how about your take our plates, offer us dessert and our checks??!My boyfriend decided that he wanted to have his 22nd birthday dinner at Bj's, it made sense because we were going to Dave and Busters afterwards. I called about four days in advance to make a reservation for 15 people at 8:15pm. I spoke with a manager and everything was worked out. We arrived a little early, around 8, and were told that our reservation had been changed to 8:30. This was unbeknownst to me which was irritating because they had my number on file and I had 15 hungry people showing up expecting to be seated at 8:15.Well, unfortunately this was just the start of things! We didn't ACTUALLY sit down at 8:30, we didn't even get seated at 9! We sat down to eat dinner around 9:15, PERFECT! By this point most of us were tired and mostly just wanted to go home. Personally I didn't even care about the fact that I was hungry anymore. So they assigned two servers to our table because we were such a large party which made me happy, I thought that would mean better service oh boy was I wrong! Our drinks took 20 minutes to come out, seriously? So we all put our order in and instead of entering all of our orders AT ONE TIME in the computer our servers entered them at randomly different times so all of our food came out randomly. Now let me add that everyone in this party has either served or worked in the restaurant industry before and we all know that when there's two of you, bringing 15 people drinks and appetizers should NEVER take 20-30 minutes. Now as far as the food goes, EH. Mediocre at best. The Long Islands were ten dollars and they tasted like shit. I had a five dollar Mai Tai and it was probably the most delicious thing I had all night! The ONLY thing I can give them credit for is their spinach artichoke dip, that was heavenly.Now we had all planned on leaving Bj's around 10:30 because Dave and Busters closes at one on Fridays. We didn't even get our checks until 11. SHOCKING. So we didn't end up walking out the front doors until 11:30. I was furious to say the least.All in all, I would NEVER EVER EVER reccomend this place to ANYONE or EVER come back here again.Had a okay experience the first time. The food was about a 6 out of 10. The second time it was awful we asked to be seated in a both and the guy just wouldn't do it. He was very rude, guess he didn't want our business.We have been to this location twice - once on New Years Eve (with a new trainee attempting to serve us) and years later for lunch.  First it hasn't changed with the horrible customer service.  The hostess avoids looking at me for about two minutes, then says, "Party of two?" and she points to the bar area to seat ourselves....We then seat ourselves, a waitress approaches us and we request water and menus  - we get those in a timely manner.  She then takes our order and we never see her again..... we sat there for at least 20 minutes with no other interaction from her.  We then go up to the hostess stand to do a courtesy notification that we are leaving because we have not received our order nor seen our waitress again and her reply is "Do you want to speak to a manager?"  Obviously, this is a problem here!  DO NOT GO HERE - THERE ARE SO MANY OTHER CHOICES IN THE VALLEY!!!!!So disappointed!!!  I used to love BJs restaurant.  Their food is no longer the great delicious quality that it used to be.  It was as if they received frozen prepared food in a box, microwaved it and served it.  Everything we ordered tasted stale or like a cheap thawed out frozen dinner.  Our waiter offered no resolution whatsoever and had a "so sad too bad" attitude stating that corporate changed some of their recipes and they had no control over it.  He also charged us full price for everything even though we ordered happy hour specials. We had to remind him that it was happy hour.  Never going back.They were so rude! Which doesn't bother me as bad as the poor food! I had the Alfredo and my chicken was cold. My sister had the chicken pasta and said her broccoli was almost frozen. Won't go here again!This was one of my worst restaurant experiences. We arrived at noon and waited for about 25 minutes for a table. We were seated and ordered. It tok until 1:45 until our food arrived. The order was incomplete and it took awhile to get a server to correct it. There were 4 in our party and we all ordered soup and salad which should be a staple so we couldn't imagine why it took so long. My wife's soup was cold and I got seriously ill with a GI upset. You can be sure that we won't be going to BJs again!!This place used to be excellent, however their recent menu changes really show that they are not in touch with their customers. They do not make my two favorite items any longer. The garden medley salad with blackened salmon, and the margaritas flatbread. Not sure if I'll go back...This place is awful! The service is disturbingly horrid! I will not be frequenting this establishment again! No Bueno!!!We haven't eaten here in several years and now I remember why...ordered the flatbread pizza app. , when he brought it out he dropped some pieces on the table, I said we aren't going to eat that so he said well I'll see if they can make a couple more..pretty sure they just flipped those over and returned to table..gross!! Didn't eat that!! Then came the cobb salad, old lettuce no romaine, no bacon either..very lame! Server was pretty much like casper..disappeared the whole time....Our Waitress was great.  Very attentive, very nice.  Beer was ehhh, ordered 3 pizzas.  All 3 minis came out cold, undercooked, with no sauce at all.  Mine was so undercooked the dough was still in the doughy stage.  Needless to say the pizza was really bad, might have been the worst I have ever had at a restaurant ever.  Not a fan, will not ever go back....Giving it a one star cause our waitress was amazing.  She is the only reason I can say anything nice.  One of the best I have had in a long time.  Too bad the food was so poor.My first experience at BJ's could best be summed up as "crap-tastic."Here's how I arrived at that conclusion:-Bad Service: My server looked like hated his life; he never cracked a smile once, nor did he ever check on or refill our our drinks, which were empty halfway through the meal.-Dirty Glassware: At first glance, my water glass looked like it had some sort of flashy green garnish, like a mint julep might have. But this isn't the Kentucky Derby; this is BJ's. That green leafy thing sticking to the outside rim of my glass was a big ass piece of lettuce from someone else's meal, steam-stuck to the outside of my beverage. The offending lettuce was so big, so Mt. Rushmore-esque in size that I really don't know how even the busiest server could have missed it. Yuck.-Bad Timing: The appetizers took 20 minutes to arrive; entrees came out roughly 2 minutes later.-Improper temperatures: The nachos and the fried artichokes came out together; the nachos were stone cold, but the artichokes were nuclear hot. My chicken wings were crispy and delicious, but my boyfriend's wedge fries were cold next to a lukewarm hamburger. Less than 2 hours after eating at BJ's, dinner revisited both of us with a vengeance. . . in the bathroom. I wish I was joking about that.Went in yesterday for lunch and wow did we get a greet.. Oh wait there was no greet lol waitress seriously walked up w a look of disgust on her face and said drinks?? Omg what where am I?? How abt how are u guys?? At least hi!!! Damn I was w my fiancé and our friend we all looked at each other like wtf but obviously ordered some drinks idk who trained This girl but usually when ppl order soda water u bring lime and when someone gets iced tea u ask if they use sweetener but whatever who am I?? Drops them off and seriously took off for five min then when she came back I asked for lime another five min I swear till I knew things were gonna be like this the whole time to where I got up asked for lime sugar and another server bc what I hate the most is when miserable servers ruin outings. She was pregnant idk what her deal was but u can still crack a smile but she was so not pleasant and awful omg like y r u in this industry if ur not pleasant go sit behind a desk if u hate ppl.. Sooo then we got alica and she was soooo sweet and perfect omg nit and day not just a great server w our order but so nice cracking jokes w us and really fixed everything pretty much so thank u alica I latterly thanked her for being pleasant from the nightmare we had b4 her so for the first part of service definitely put sour taste in my mouth and will not go back bc obviously the foods fine nothing to brag abt they re a lot of way better options to go spend ur money but at least the day ended good bc of alica.So. I always come here for drinks and appetizers with family or friends. Came here tonight for a St. Patrick's day drink and some appetizers with my sisters and a friend. The bar tender was a noob for sure... Maybe his first time making a mixed beverage. Food was gross. I think the chef took a few pain pills before he came to work. So he obvi wasn't on his A Game. The calamari we had was basically this lavish plate that was HUGE. And there was two pieces of calamari on there. In other words, the plate could of used some more calamari. The BBQ wings... They were cold. Like the waiters soul that we had serving them. The mushrooms... They're called stuffed mushrooms. But they weren't really stuffed... Maybe stuffed with NOTHING. The artichoke and spinach dip... Well there obviously was no artichoke and JUST SPINACH. If I wanted to pull a POPEYE I would of just stayed home. Anyways... Hopefully they hire more help and find a better chef. My blind grandmother can do better then this. If I wanted to die of thirst I would of visited the Sahara desert and hung out there for a few weeks with no cantons. I would of rather eat a bowl of salt then pay for this garbage I tasted today. Happy St. PATRICKS DAY.I eat at this place on a very regular basis and I've always been pleased with the quality of the food and the quality of the staff ...... until tonight.I ordered a large 5 meat pie to go and when I arrived home and opened it, the pie had NO cheese on it.All the toppings were off the pie rolling around in the box.  No cheese? Isn't that against some sort of cosmic law in the pizza universe? I was starving so I took a couple of bites of the crust, which reminded me of pita bread and promptly threw a $30.00 pie in the trash.Very, very disappointingPretty disappointed in our visit today. We were seated promptly and no wait, which is nice on a Sunday during lunch. During this visit, service was slow, had to remind server to bring our drinks. No refills were given on water or root beer....we were pretty much ignored by our server after our order was put in. Pizza had little to no sauce on it and crust was undercooked. We probably won't be back soon. I was pretty bummed because usually BJ's is reliably good.I wouldnt know what the food's like... after 30 minutes after placing our order consisting of a burger and salad... we left. Never got our food. Ambiance ok... service sux!!!Tried to come here again since I thought I could watch the game with some close friends... Well the waitress didn't even smile.... I stopped thanking her for bringing things out since she wouldn't even acknowledge me. She seemed pretty angry about us not ordering drinks. There was a disgusting stench in the restaurant and it really made me lose my appetite. The guy at the host stand said we couldn't sit in the dining room... Everybody was cramped in the bar section and the smell was Terrible in this one section... Stay away. Manager is rude and doesn't even care about the lousy service.Having some under-cooked chicken at BJs....sitting next to another guest with a complaint as well...manager putting out fires tonight...at least the beer is cold....avoid this place if you can...hopefully I don't get salmonellaSo, first visit to BJs in Desert Ridge..AND MY LAST!!!

Save your money and go somewhere they actually know how to cook and treat customers.Did not have a pleasant experience at Blair Street BBQ. Restaurant was smoky when we entered (not cigarette smoky, more like too much BBQ smoke). Waitress informed us that the credit card machine was down, but there was an ATM in the building (which ended up not working either). Ordered the 3 Meat Sample Platter (which is set with pulled pork, brisket, and spicy sausage). Didn't wait too long for the food, but the plate came out with the wrong meat on it and was sent back. The portions were meager once we received our food. The beans were so dry they resembled re-fried beans. The spicy sausage was good, but pulled pork and brisket were served lukewarm and tasted sub-par. Will not be returning.Awful food. Worst rib tips I've ever had, and it wasn't particularly close. I still ate them because I really like tips, but I did not finish the slaw, which had a peculiar smell to it. Not sure why this is a place that exists.Had the brisket at Taste of Madison.  So tough it was like shoe leather.  Obviously boiled or something.   No person in their right mind would prepare brisket like that.   Had to spit it into the garbage.   Shame.I'm skewing the perfect record but I'm sorry. I haven't been this disappointed in a dining experience in a very long time. My family and I sat for almost 10 minutes while we waited for our meal. The waiter finally stopped by, asked if we had ordered any drinks, but realized we didn't have menus, and left without taking any drink orders. 10 minutes later he's back with menus. Still no drink orders. 15 or so minutes later he finally takes our drink order. So needless to say, the service was poor. When we  finally did order, we were famished. My husband had their signature burger which he described as forgettable.My father had a grilled cheese with mushrooms, and Chicken Chili. He loved the chili describing it as "filling and hearty" My mother had the fish fry and she loved it.I had the chicken and dumplings and I was quite disappointed. It lacked depth, and flavor. My husband took a bite and said the Military MREs has more flavor. The service was poor, the table of drunk girls got unwavering attention. So perhaps, they cater to a drinking crowd. Best part of the evening? Watching a Scottsdale mom pull an Olive out of her martini and feed it to her infant. DRUNK BABY ALERT lol My take away, come for the booze. Ignore the "gourmet" menu.Just went for a quick app and drink for happy hour.. 4 soggy on the outside and dried out on the inside chicken wings for 6$(I know that cheap) but not good either way!! Our side of fries were forgotten as well good thing they weren't on the check. I won't be visiting again.Must have been a very off night for this place... Walked in and told them it was our first time in- we live in the neighborhood and were looking forward to giving this place a try- super sarcastic hostess says, "yeah we are pretty awesome". Umm ok. So we asked for table of 5 plus a high chair, took them about 10 minutes to figure out they couldn't seat us for at least an hour, hostess was so rude- said they don't normally seat parties of more than 4 (what!?). Walked out front to find three empty 4-top tables, walked back in to hostess and asked if they could push two together and she told me that's not their policy and she would have to ask a manager- even more attitude from her now- I let her know I would like to speak to the manager at this point. He turns out to be even less help than her. We explained we lived up the street etc, he seems like he could care less. Just a side note here- we are a clean cut married couple- dressed casual but nice- late twenties with a beautiful little blondie baby and we literally live two seconds from here. So bummed at how lame this place turned out to be. Won't be back. Last thing- we decided to eat at ha humble pie instead, turned out to be happy hour still and we were seated right away either amazing service as usual and great food.I was with a group of about 12 people on Saturday and we had some time to kill before going to a wedding. Since this place had just recently opened I thought it would be good to try out. We walked in and tried to get the hostess to seat us. She looked extremely overwhelmed by us coming in, by the way it was not crowded, and said she would have to get her manager to seat us. While this was happening some of us decided to go to the restroom and they were disgusting! It looked like no one had cleaned them in several days, they smelled terrible and the trash was overflowing! After coming out of the restroom we found out that manager was refusing to seat our group and that they would not be able to serve us. I have never been treated to such poor service ever! The restaurant had more than enough room for us and they would not give us any reason why they could not accommodate our group. With all the other fantastic restaurants in the area I can't imagine this place will be open very long based on the way they treat their patrons.My husband wanted to try this place, so we did.  We got there just as they opened, so there was no trouble getting a seat.  Our drink order was taken, and my soda and his beer were delivered quickly.  Lunch order taken, and the wait began.  I had the Chicken and dumplings, my husband the TapHouse burger.  The chicken and dumplings were so-so, the burger dry.  Not worth the $14 & $13 respectively.  Not once did our waitress ask if my husband wanted another beer, another server did.  By this time several other diners had come in, and received their entrees much faster than we did.  Still waiting to see our server,but she was too busy hanging out at the kitchen window.  It took a long time to get our tab, and yet another server took our tab to cash out. To sum up, poor service, mediocre food at best, and $7 for a 12 oz beer.  Save yourself the trouble, don't go here. Even the manager was ambivalent when we told him our issues.Appetizers: hummus-too watery & salty and vinegary. The pita is yummy.  2 starsBeer cheese: bread is soaked in butter. Cheese tastes not very fondue-y. 2.5 starsShort rib: crazy salty, 1 starChicken & dumplings: tasty and fresh BUT chicken is suuuuper dry, like i ate around it. 2.5 stars. Service: good This was 110$ dinner than felt like a 40$

10.  When we turned it back in, I asked if there was anything they could do, considering the outlets were bunk.  After a long wait, the turn-in man said they would give me a whopping 5% off.  I was tired from hiking all morning/afternoon and then driving for 4 hours so I just took it.  It never got posted to my account.  Not that $7 would even matter at this point.

Not a lot of choices

- Her bed looked slightly usedWe picked this hotel because it was walking distance to the Las Vegas Convention center, but trust me - it isn't worth saving the time or money.Booked a room a Aria and it was a million times better.Let me preface this negative review by saying while on vacation, I'm there for the scene and the sites, NOT the hotel ... therefore, I'm totally NOT a "hotel snob". But, I feel I must do my duty to protect other budget vacationers from having my same experience at this hotel. My family and I stayed for one night at the LVH in July 2013 and I have to say it is the ABSOLUTE WORST!!!The negatives:(1) stained carpet

b) ho's w/ knockoff designer purses

The hot dog was barely warm

*locationCONS
