 If you're looking for Indian cuisine in the city centre or Old Montreal, this resto is one of the well-known choices for diners.De la bonne cuisine indienne, mais trop peu et trop chère. Le cadre de ce resto du vieux Montréal est assez chic mais l'ambiance est plutôt décontractée. Il attire une clientèle très variée dont des touristes, des jeunes couples, et des familles. Pour cette raison peut-être le resto est très bruyant ; les conversations sont difficules à suivre.La plupart des plats étaient vraiment délicieux. Le butter chicken, le tandoori, le masala et le dal sont superbes. En revanche, le sauté de légumes n'est que moyen et leur curry de champignons n'est pas terrible. Le naan est bon mais rien d'exceptionnel. Il faut cependant signalé un flagrant défaut : les plats sont miniscules. Ils sont censés être partagés mais il n'y en a dans chacun seulement pour une personne, et encore il faut qu'elle ne soit pas trop gourmande. Cela à des prix de fous tels $15 pour les currys, $10 pour les autres plats. C'est hallucinant. Nous avons commandé un plat par personne avec du riz et du naan et on a dû recommandé un plat et un grand plateau en plus.Bref, un dîner pour quatre est revenu très cher, ce qui a beaucoup mitigé le plaisir qu'on y a pris.We got to Restaurant Gandhi minutes before their kitchen was to close but the staff was very welcoming.  Before our order came out they brought us some papadum with three chutneys.  I tried the mango and the tamarind ones and they were really good.  My somosas were a little dissapointing but edible.  My husband pakora was good.  I had some sag paneer that was not the best I've had but it was satisfactory and I forget what else my husband ordered but he was happy enough.

Me: "So, it wasn't the fact that I was eating fried chicken and a waffle at 3am that made me look drunk?"

4 stars:  Very good, would definitely return.

The decor is fairly authentic.Cons:

Downsides:A lack of healthy food options....it can be done, it's just not easy for you.You NEED to pay attention to what day of the week it is. Otherwise you'll get stuck in a long line of hungover tourists leaving and miss your flight. Priority Access helps but does not completely remove this problem.Its an airport what can you write about? Its usually Terminal 2 for us because we fly Hawaiian Airlines. They added a self check-in but I still use the counter. Nice friendly people. Security lines go pretty fast. Bathrooms are alway clean. Could use a little more variety when it comes to the eating places available sorry but Burger King and Pizza Hut dont cut it. Always enjoy the slot machines! One last chance to hit it big! Haha, right!I always fly in on SWA from LA or Burbank.  I'm bummed that they redesigned the C terminal.  The walk to the tram is pretty far now.  That's a bitch if you're partially handicapped.  Other than that, where else can you waste several hundred dollars on video poker and slot machines while waiting for your flight.  LOLNever been to Terminal 1 since Hawaiian flies out of Terminal 2, but I've come to know Terminal 2 like the back of my hand. Love that there is a Burger King and Pizza Hut to grab something to eat while waiting to board. Can't say that you can never win at the slot machines in the airport since our friend won $300 off the poker machines. The TSA agents at the security check in are rude but the Hawaiian Airlines people are great!Another trip to Vegas, another trip to McCarran.  I don't hate it, but its never going to be one of my favorite airports.  I just don't understand why they don't open their security check points till almost 5am?!?  Every trip out here, I get to the security area too damn early and then have to wait outside.  At least there's good food and slot machines once I get inside.Try the pretzel dogs. They are good.Gazillions of tourists coming and going all year round... Anybody complaining should realize how much business this airport gets from mildly retarded, inebriated tourists and then ask themselves if they're doing a good job. I fly in and out of here every week and I think they do a pretty good job considering the short bus tourists and bonehead TSA agents.The food options aren't the best and the prices are ridiculous! Subway is a prime example in the neighborhood of $12 for a 6" sub. Subway can go eff themselves for that price!It's as good as an airport gets.........Airports suck!!!!!! LOLArrival on a Thursday night was fine but departing on a Monday morning at 7:30...not so good!Super long lines for the security! If my flight wasn't delayed, I would've missed my flight. A friend had her bag looked through and we got delayed even more. Security doesn't care if you're late for your flight. They care about safety. So make sure to get to the airport early and be ready to go through long lines for security.There were 5 of us and we took a taxi to our hotel. It was about $25 so pretty cheap when you divide that between 5 people.Never had a problem with McCarran Airport.  I've traveled in and out of this location a number of times over the past several years and had good experiences each time.Actually, not a bad airport after all.  The tram reminds me of Seattle and the airport is clean & modern.  Something I can't say for HNL International.  Much better food vendors here than the pathetic selection at LAX.  Flight coming here from LAX was full of excited, wide-eyed and hopeful pilgrims.  Reverse flight after Labor Day weekend wasn't so cheery as people looked beaten down, almost somber. LAS even has slots at the gates so you can try your luck or run it further in the hole.  Pick your poison.  Only drawback was the transport vans being outside.  In summer heat, it's crazy hot!  Insane heat vapors rising everywhere.  Once 'This would be a shity place to die', crossed my mind, my van pulled up.  Ah, thank you Jesus!My last Vegas entry for awhile.  ¡Adiós Vegas!  Already looking forward to my next visit.  Hopefully it's not in another ten years, ha!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xkc-en0_LGY#Yelp 365:  058/365It's decent. I wish the shuttles to the hotels took debit. They only take cash, and there is no clear idea if it goes to your hotel. You just have a guy saying "Yeah I can get you there" which reminded me of those private taxi cabs in New York. He didn't take us to our hotel by the way. We were dropped off at Planet Hollywood and had to walk to the Grand Chateau. Overall, it's pretty big and has that Las Vegas style. So when you land, you know you're in Vegas.Leaving Las Vegas on 9/11.  We were advised to come really early because of increased security.  My friend, the ultimate early bird, decided 6 am was perfect for our 9am flight.  Huh??  WT* are we gonna do for 3 hours??  I lost the battle and got into the car...grrr.  We were transported from the rental car return (herded actually) by bus to the terminal.  Most folks still sleepy, the young ones still drunk...  ahhh, the memories.  We all zipped through security in minutes.  Now we're set to wait...and wait...and wait.  My friend, the early bird, decides she's gonna have a go at the nickel machines one last time.  The rest of us, decide to watch.  She slips in a 20 and on the second push of a button wins ANOTHER 500 bucks!!  The rest of us walk away, defeated, shaking our heads.  We really don't want to hear her say how lucky it was that we arrived 3 hours early...  Bitter, party of 2!I part ways with my friends and head over to Virgin.  As I'm walking down toward the gate, a friendly guy is looking my way, I look around, no one else but me walkin, so I say Good Morning.  He says Good Morning back, in that Joey from Friends kinda way.  Huh? The voice sounds kinda familiar...  It was Vic Vegas, a contestant from The Next Food Network Star.  I stop and chat a bit and look to get somethin to eat.  Nothing in our gate area interests me.  Too bad Vic Vegas wasn't cookin breakfast...now that'd be worth gettin to the airport early to try.  BTW, I ended up with a bottle of water in Vegas and breakfast at Joannes Cafe in SSF when I got home.No airport should have slots...hahahaah. It's really a big airport and they close the door after a short boarding period, so be aware! I almost missed my flight because I didn't know this and I got there when it should have been mid boarding but they closed the door early.I love the casino in the airport. It took the rest of my money that the casinos didnt take.Give urself more then enough time to go thru security, definitely not my favorite airport.Not bad. This airport is really good at filtering people in an out of it. Guess that becomes a sort of art when you're an airport in Vegas.Haven't had a problem here at all, and there are plenty of things that can keep you entertained while you wait for your flight from slot machines to stores and food items gallore.Viva Las Vegas!An older airport, but you always get that excitement as soon as you land, but when you leave, you just want to get the hell out of here. The lines to the taxis are always long, but move so quickly, you wouldnt even realize how many people are standing in line in front of you. Checking in is easy, as well as the security line, but I decided to get a pat-down instead of goign through the x-ray machine, and I think I waited over 5 minutes for female assistance. Maybe even 10. By that point, I should've just done the x-ray machine, but I was stubborn. The walk to Gate B takes FOREVER and a day. I think I am just too used to our nice little airport, SJC, so all the other airports seem a bit ghetto to me.I generally end up in Vegas for business purposes so my flying into or out of McCarren happens on a Tuesday/Thursday.  My least favorite thing about getting through this airport is  having to check a bag at Southwest.  The line is almost always long because they don't ever open all of the self check -in kiosks.  An hour is usually enough time to make it to your gate without any anxiety.  Good amenities, although the C Terminal was undergoing quite a bit of construction the last time I was there.Simple, not too far from town. Just watch out for slow moving people.Not a bad airport.  Pretty easy to navigate.  Close to The Strip.Pros:Loose slots (I always win a few bucks)

on a plate, so that was a little difficult too.

-Buffet was mediocreOverall, the trip was successful. Don't forget to check out Wet Republic!I stayed here for a conference in a West King "suite."  The line was so long to check in they had seats for people that just couldn't stand any longer.  After waiting for 30 minuets to check in you have to walk down these long corridors to get to your room.  The hotel is HUGE.  For some reason the elevators on the West End are tore up on the inside.  Not sure whats going on in there.  The room itself was small and needed updating, but otherwise clean.  The TV lost signal all the time, and the walls are thin. For some reason the maids will just open up your door and do a room check. Bottom line the MGM Grand is old and needs a refresh (at least the West End dose). I would recommend staying at another MGM properly like the Vdara or ARIA.Bigger isn't always better, but sometimes it's exactly what you need. If so, the MGM Grand Hotel is especially good for a big group, conference, or event. It's the largest hotel resort in America (World #2) with rooms branded as MGM Grand, Signature, Skylofts, and The Mansion.What you'll find at MGM Grand includes:

1. The story was really bad. Basically there was no story. It was really difficult to follow and it let me wondering half the time, what are they trying to tell us?

The restaurant was clean and presentable and the hostesses greeted us entering and leaving.

The onion haystacks are also good and crisp with a nice seasoning, very similar to Outback (which is located next door).

Rigatoni Bolognese

- takes forever for the cab to get to the resortOh. it costs about $25-30 from the resort to the strip.

The sister restaurant Savoring India is much better, but this place was pretty solid. We came on Sunday for a lunch buffet. I usually avoid buffets, but after an amazing buffet experience at Savoring India, I wanted to try Flavor of India. The service was quick and friendly. The food was good however extremely limited compared to Savoring India's buffet.I loved the eggplant pakora dish with fried chickpeas. The dosa was also crispy and delicious. The food was spicyyy which I LOVE. The price was right too ($10 for a lunch buffet). Compared to NYC where I live, the prices on the regular menu don't seem too bad but maybe it's steep compared to other places in PGH. My boyfriend was disappointed that there were no lamb dishes at the buffet which Savoring India had at theirs.I'll be back for sure to try other things on the menu.I love indian food and I consider Tamarind as Pittsburgh's one of the best indian places. The portions are generous and service is great. I got the usual chicken tikki masala and the sauce was great to dip in my garlic naan. My bf got some lamb dish with green sauce ( I dont remember the name) which had unique great flavor as well. I asked my dish to be spicy but it was not. I know I am pretty good with spicy food but I know how HOT Indian food can get. So this one thing put me down a little on my visit but other than this, the soft chicken went well with fluffy white rice warm naan. The lamb was tender too and didn't give off that "lamb smell" much. Everytime I go back to Pittsburgh, Tamarind is always on my "must go back" list.The staff will greet you kindly, prices are reasonable for the generous portions, and the food comes out quick enough so you don't start to get frustrated. I would give 3.5 stars. Even though it is my fav indian place in Pittsburgh, I feel like there is a better place somewhere out there. So as of now, it is a 3.5 for me~We went there in a group for Sunday lunch!I wish I went for a full menu, I really don't like buffet that much, most of the food were too spicy for a non Indian.

The second is the attention to detail or lack thereof the staff tends to take from time to time, especially when confirming the contents of a pick up order.Above average Indian restaurant for West Island. Lunch buffet has great selections. The service is not bad, just not consistent. Sometimes they are attentive, sometimes you feel ignored or they give you the annoyed look when you ask for service. Also, watch out for the butter chicken. It's not tandoori chicken, but simply dry white chicken meat. The sauce taste good but it is quite tomatoey and not so buttery. Good selection of dessert on the a la carte menu.Great when it's good but tends to be uneven.Good, not great. Beautiful building. Ordinary service. Prices are reasonable. A better choice than those strip mall parking lot terraces. Has a nice lunch menu.So since my last review we've been to the restaurant twice and I still find it a bit hit and miss.  What's good is really good, but when it's not it's very disappointing, particularly at those prices.  We had crab cakes which were excellent with nice crispy exteriors and light, fluffy and flavorful interiors.  They were served with chipotle mayonnaise with just the right amount of heat to complement and not overwhelm the delicate crab taste.  I Also tried their appetizer of "escargots bourgogne" which were escargots and mushrooms lightly braised in wine (just like beef bourgogne) and topped with a piece of smoked bison belly which was advertized as "bacon".  The escargot were a little overwhelmed by the wine sauce and the braising didn't do much for their texture.  The saving grace was the bison belly which was braised right along with the escargot and mushrooms and was spectacular.  I could have eaten a larger piece as a main course.  It was loaded with flavor and was soft and luscious as a braised piece of belly should be.  They do themselves a disservice simply referring to this as a bacon topping in the menu!!

10:00AM - 10:00PM Friday and Saturday

---A cast of strange people go there. Punks,Goths,Thugs,Hobos, you name it!

Hot Biscuit with Honey

Shiro ramen - wayyyy tooo salty. SO salty. The texture of the noodles was perfect, but the broth was soooo salty as to be borderline inedible.Kuro(i) ramen - I thought this was better than the shiro ramen, and it was nice that they use a lot of the oil. Some places only use a little bit, rather than saturating the soup with it.Carbonara ramen - I did not get a chance to try this, but it was a hit at the table. Ambiance: Nice and bright, clean. The chairs don't have backs, which was fine, except that it meant I had to put my purse on the floor (there was no room on the table), which I am not a huge fan of. I also didn't have anywhere to put my jacket, so I just folded it up and sat on it. Perhaps they should add little hooks to the table or wall where we can hang our bags and / or coats. Service: Good, not really memorable. They did a fantastic job of splitting the bill without an attitude and waited until our entire party arrived to take our order (though we were allowed to be seated). I would come here again if I was in town, but would not drive all the way from Henderson - easier to just go to Monta on Eastern if it's not going to be that much better.Ramen is fusion, Carbonara Ramen is a creative take on Ramen. I tried the Black Garlic Ramen and the taste was ok, I will definitely come back and try their carbonara Ramen. We tried the Fried Rice with Chashu hot plate and it was good. The karaage was really good. The place was well designed and roomy.I had the shiroi tonkotsu and a dessert.The decor was visually interesting but the red square chairs were heavy.  Quick side note:  Considering the color scheme is red and white, why are the two color-themed ramens kuroi (black) and shiroi (white)?  They could develop a tantanmen or a spicy ramen  and call it "akai" (red) lol The service was fine and prompt with seating, placing the order, refilling my drinks and clearing the table.  In my opinion, they could learn how to explain/promote the menu items better. The shiroi tonkotsu was fine, nothing to rant about, nothing to rave about.  I liked the generous amount of bean sprouts you add for $1.  I did not like the kikurage mushrooms being cold.  I had to press/drown them in the broth in order to heat them up.What I was most impressed with was the dessert. It was a yellow cake with a layer of pear fruit and thick cream dolloped on top.  It was surrounded by a liquor-based(?) sauce and dressed with berries and morsels of chocolate.  It was delicious and I find it odd that such a fancy dessert is served in a casual restaurant setting.  My taste buds are not complaining as this was the star of the meal.  I might come back to try the izakaya side of the menu.New Ramen place!!

Wish us luck!Great food horrible service. A guy named josh was horrible. He left the sandwich maker all by himself. I felt sorry for him.I did not have a great sandwich here but I believe I ordered badly and next time I will try something different. I was there at about 11 a.m. and to me that is when a breakfast sandwich is an option.It is a little different from most sandwich stores. You pick out a sandwich bag, a marker and then you fill in dots alongside the ingredients listed on aforesaid bag. It felt like homework.

-- Lots of restaurants/bars/karaoke spots in the same strip mall.

She said she thought she could, but she would have to check to see if there are any available and wanted to know if I would wait. She was very courteous.  I said I'd come back later if I decide I needed them. We borrowed what we needed from The family were visiting in Madison so I don't know if we would've been given them or not .We did not buy any pillows from target this time.This location has a small workout area. Our family has used this many times over the years. For a few years now the one exercise bike there is no longer adjustable. It is stuck in a position where you have to be really tall to reach the pedals.  The treadmills are sturdy.The family suites are quite spacious. there is a refrigerator and  microwave. The door to the private bedroom has a glass door though, so if  people in that room need privacy ,  they need to bring some thing like a sheet to hang over the door. It would be nice if when you book the room that someone would tell you that.This time when we left, as I was checking the room to see if  we had all of our belongings,  I noticed Cheerios on the floor behind the bed skirt. We did not have any small children with us, and no one from our party of four had those in our room.Overall we have enjoyed the family suite over the years but are considering staying elsewhere on our next visit to Madison.The online ordering system is easy to use, and the value you get for the money is decent.  Taste-wise, it's hit or miss.  Fried rice was overcooked, and the shrimp with mushroom was too salty.  However the ho fun was delicious.Next time I'm in town, I'll try more of their noodle dishes.Fast, fresh and quiet would describe our dining experience. We were looking for a new place to try in the area and stumbled upon this place because they had lunch specials. For $10 plus tax - we both got to eat fried rice, an entree, and two ragoons. And the food was out in less than 10 minutes!I had the orange chicken and you could tell that it was just fried n steaming. The crust was flaky n the chicken tender. The orange sauce was also sweet and savory. My partner had the chicken and broccoli which she said was high quality with a heavier sauce then she is used to. The fried rice was unlike we had ever had. It was dark with cabbage, white chicken, and green onions. It was pretty good.Then the ragoons were mainly cream cheese and very good. The restaurant was very quiet (no music) and there was a little girl at another table doing her homework. A pretty laid back environment. Overall a very satisfying dine-in experience. We would definitely come back.Pretty much on par with the other UW clinics. You make an appointment and they make you wait 20 minutes past the appointment time. Then when you are in the office it is rush here and rush there. Truthfully, healthcare always seems to run slow. The people are friendly and the location is great. What else can you ask for?Nice place but walls are paper thin. Heard all of our neighbors conversations. Good breakfast and conveniently located.  A previous guest had smoked in the bathroom and it smelled like it.  Staff attempted to remove the smell but it was still there.Nice 3 start hotel. It needed some repairs and the bathroom tiles were broken, The ceiling vents had a lot of dust on it. I dont know the price as it was booked for me thru my company but not sure I would stay here again if I had to pay for it.Definitely a bit more run down and dingy than most Walgreens locations, but it's got pretty much whatever you would come to a Walgreens needing to get. There's a fairly large cosmetics area when you first walk in, food toward the left, and a drive-up window. It doesn't really draw me in to browse, but if I need something I know it's there.I also am surprised that there are not more reviews for Betty Lou. We did the Monona brunch cruise and really liked it.Overall, the gig is pretty sweet, but I'll admit they have some serious room for improvement.Major cons: value for price, selection of seats on the boat, availability of crew/serviceMajor pros: taste and amount of food, quality of atmosphere/boatIt was really disappointing when we got on to be shoved out of the way by a group of young children, who ended up getting seats on the top deck. If you get there early (like we did), start to line up right in front of the wooden dock to the boats, as that's where they board from. It would be much more organized if they called groups onto the boat in the order they were booked.The food was AMAZING. So good and perfectly organized into appetizers, main course, and dessert. I loved it!The mimosas were tasty, but were weak and it was difficult to get a waitress/bartender as there were only 2 of them tending to the entire boat of 50 people. You are dismissed from your table to go and get food, but we were never dismissed for the first round. Again, it was difficult to get the attention of the crew/waitresses.The views were really scenic and the captain does a quick spin at the end so that you can take photos with the Capitol and the Monona Terrace in the background.This is the closest coffee shop to the law school during the summer, so it's pretty much the only place I go. The coffee is pretty good, but nothing spectacular--I make better stuff in my French press at home every morning. However, the $2 iced coffees during the month of June were priced extraordinarily well. I'd like to see them use one of the Madison roasters, as their roasts are much, much better. I'll keep coming here for the convenience, and maybe, just a little bit, for the coffee.I used to like this place, until they hired this rude female barista with short hair, so I stopped going.  If she has left, I will go back.This place should do a better job of hiring polite and helpful baristas.UPDATE: the rude barista is gone now, so it's safe to go here again.Its location is phenomenal. Off the beaten path and in the midst of campus buildings. When you need coffee, they are there for you.  Considering your other options are university cafes, this place is a breath of fresh air. The coffee is ok. The prices are a little high, but I suppose you pay for convenience.  They do not stand out in any way.  All they serve is coffee and bottled beverages.  The pastries are a little light on the selection.  However, I once again reiterate, the location can not be beat.The Java Den is located inside a building lobby - which I found a little odd. I was expecting it to be a free standing cafe with its own facilities. They do have a cute little 'Joe-to-Go' window that allows customers to order their coffee without stepping foot inside the building, which is nice.I always get my chai lattes dirty (because cleanliness is overrated), and I think Java Den makes a good dirty chai. It even has a slight caramel tone at the end. Yum! Definitely glad I stopped by for the pick-me-up before work! TGIF!It's your basic Arby's.  Nice location right off the interstate - easy to hit.  We found it to be clean, friendly, and fast.This is a nice limited service hotel in Middleton, next to a gigantic health club.  It is easy to get to when you get off the highway.  There isn't much you can walk to from here, but i would assume most people have a car that are staying at the Hampton Inn.The rooms are comfortably large.  The bed i slept in, a true King, was just so-so.  The mattress was a bit too firm and the blanket was pretty cheap.  They need an upgrade there.  The tv was a flat screen, but it was on the smaller side for the size of the room.  I did like that the bathroom i had didn't have a useless bathtub and instead had a walk in shower.  There was also complimentary Wi-Fi that worked well.They also have breakfast in the morning.  Standard fare for these hotels.  They had nasty bacon however.  I love bacon and the bacon they had wasn't worth touching.  But the coffee, oatmeal, hard boiled eggs and fruit was fine.I would stay there again if i had to, but not my first choice in Madison.Nice library but extremely small with not many options, I guess I will have to see if their is more variety if I request things online.Went for open play. My son liked it however it seemed a little unkempt to me, a little dirty. I know that is maybe what you can expect from most gyms but the bathroom was dirty; out of hand soap, smelly. We were recently at another open gym in Middleton and it was much cleaner; I felt completely comfortable letting my son explore. However at Legacy I felt myself be very watchful of where he he went and what he touched. I had to steer him away from a few questionable areas, ie bean bag area.  Also the play houses/kitchens did not have any toys in them. Our son loves his play kitchen at home and enjoys playing with his pots, pans, and play food. My son like it and would probably give it a 4 stars but as a parent I could not get past the lack of cleanliness. Son is 2 years old so I worry more about it with him because you never know when he'll stick his hand in his mouth. If you have an older child I guess I wouldn't worry too much. We probably wont be going back here until he is a little older; gonna check out some more open gyms and see how they compare.Took my 8 year-old nephew here this past weekend.  He liked it, but I could tell he was disappointed when something was broken or not working properly.  This place is kinda in rough shape, with lots of duct tape holding things together.  A lot of the machines don't work, and the place is a little dirty.  The lone employee at the front desk wasn't terribly friendly and just sat there the entire time.  Kids, of course, don't really notice as much as adults do.  My nephew had a good time, but a combination of it's poor location and rough shape will prevent me from taking any of my nephews back anytime soon.  I'd say this would be a good option for any child age 5-8.  The open gym price was only $5, so it's a pretty good value.  If you are looking for something new and have a couples hours to kill, it's a decent option.I'd probably rate this place closer to a 2.5.  My nephew would probably give it 4 stars.This place was meh.  Arranging my daughter's birthday was fairly easy and it is nice to have free reign.  The kids enjoyed it, but I agree with Christoph...the place is rough, duct-taped and makes you wonder if it has ever been inspected.

Rise and shine is their basic bowl. But truthfully I'm not a sweet kinda person and the body builder hit the spot! A wonderful combination of just enough peanut butter topped with almonds gave it a salty and crunch taste. And when combined with a strawberries and bananas totally scrumptious.Totally will be back! But too bad that girl had such a bad attitude for such a positive and healthy work culture and environment.

* hotel is old. Sure it's renovated but it does feel a lot like an weathered and worn building which has had minor but not major upgrades.* very small lobby and not many areas to lounge around. Many exceptional hotel have lots of lounging sections with comfortable chairs.* elevators are creaky and make some odd sounds going up or down......making you wonder if they are safe? Overall I'd stay here again if need was to be in the area. If you are a family And like the Starwood hotels. I'd recommend the Sheraton Centre or the Westin. 3.5/5The Le Meridien Versailles in Montreal is located approximately 18 miles away from the Montreal Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport. We decided to take the Metro from the airport since we didn't have too much luggage. It is fairly near the Guy-Concordia station.The hotel is located in a very narrow building, both in width and depth. The lobby is very small.Upon entering the hotel, the front desk is located to the left. Check-in was quick and efficient.The room is decorated in light tones with dark tones noted in the curtains and headboard.Upon entering the room, the bathroom is located to the right. The bathroom is fairly small, and tight.There was a small single sink with a long counter which was helpful. There were Le Meridien branded bath products.There is a shower/tub combo.On the left side of the room sits the coffee maker, a complimentary bottle of water, and snacks for sale.The desk is located along the left side of the room, along with the TV.There is a lounging chair located right next to the desk.There were two queen beds which were comfortable.There was a small night stand in the corner with a disco ball light.The room was fairly spacious, but it was hot inside of the room. Unfortunately, the lowest setting on the air conditioner is 16° Celsuis. The windows do open slightly however.This was a perfectly nice stay for a long layover, however I do wish that the air conditioner would work at lower temperatures.Je ne suis pas un grand fan de cuisine mexicaine, mais je dois avouer que les burritos et les tacos sont bons. L'ambiance est également bien appréciée. Toutefois, je trouve que les prix sont un peu trop élevés par rapport à la qualité des plats servis.Le Limon se veut être un restaurant authentiquement Mexicain. Ayant été à quelques reprise (je parle du Mexique là), je dirais que le Limon présente une bouffe presque authentique. Mon assiette de taco aux crevettes était délicieuse, la portion parfaite pour ne pas avoir mal au ventre une fois terminée, et les épices étaient subtiles et bien agrémentés de coriandre fraîche. Les plats des membres de ma famille semblaient être presque aussi bon, mais ils n'ont pas eu l'air d'aimer autant que moi. Le soupe au tortilla donnait plutôt l'impression d'être une soupe aux tomates Campbell avec des biscuits sodas et des épices à la mexicaine (chili, paprika, cannelle, etc...).Ça n'était pas mauvais, mais ça ne goûtait pas vraiment ce qu'on a mangé au Mexique.  J'adore les grosses peintures de chiens comiques et l'ambiance intime mais on dirait qu'il faisait juste un peu trop noir. Pourtant, j'aime manger à la lueur de chandelle, mais quand on a à assembler son repas comme ma mère avec ses tortillas, c'est le fun de savoir ce qu'on met dedans et en quelle quantité.I got no hate for Tim Hortons!  This place offered up fast and what tasted pretty healthy sammies.  Not bad when you're searching for a quick bite to eat.The line was very long when I arrived, but it moved fast. It is consistent like any Tim Hortons and good in a pinch (which is why I went there). Not everyone speaks english, but enough of them do to communicate what you want.Seriously wtf....these things are worse than American starbucks in every corner in e USA....

                                                 ***************** Afterwards we were led back to the separate spa facilities and told that we had free access to it for the rest of the day.  With that, me and the bf spent another hour at the spa.  I immediately took another shower under the amazing rainfall shower head!!!If I could give another half a star I would.  My husband and I went to MGM grand for our anniversary, and I wanted to utilize some spa facilities.  I booked us a couples massage.The massage itself was fine, but it was a little strange to walk out of the lounge, take the elevator to the second floor, and then go into the room.  But that might just be me.We had our appointments in the morning, and the spa allows access all day to use the lounge, whirlpool, sauna, and steam room.  Plus star for that!  However, in the ladies locker room, the steam room was out of service.  Minus half a star for that.My husband and I used the facilities after our massage (separately), and before going out to a show, I figured I'd go back and get my money's worth.The only thing that keeps it from a solid four stars is that the spa itself didn't feel like a relaxing, soothing environment.  The doors in the lounge are very heavy and distracting, so every time a therapist would open or close the doors, it would make a lot of noise.  Not relaxing.The services are definitely pricey, more than I would normally pay - hence, my reasoning for going back and forth into the whirlpool and sauna.  Not sure if I would go again.  But definitely convenient for staying at the MGM.I got a great massage from a very good therapist. That was the saving grace of this spa review.The facilities - specifically, the men's spa, are subpar. They did not have bottled water in the men's locker room for the hours I was there (I went in and out over the course of a day); the whirlpool - as others have reported - was warm, not hot; the sauna was warm, borderline pointless to use. Worst of all, when I emerged from the whirlpool, I smelled a foul odor from the water on my body. It smelled like dirty socks. Right back into the shower to take care of that! These are all issues that I believe can and should be addressed by the facility personnel. It's a small and relatively underutilized facility given the immense size of the hotel itself. Still, the few fixable issues that I mentioned ought to be fixed. The upstairs fitness center was clean, well-lit and adequate (and stocked plenty of water, you just needed to know to look for it there). For twenty-five bucks and being a guest at the MGM, it's an OK spa, but I was more than happy to spend almost twice that for the ultimate spa experience at Qua.Nice-looking spa, but it didn't blow me away. Had a spa pedicure. I guess for the price, I was expecting something amazing.I always try to keep my fitness in gear when traveling on biz.Vegas with all it's sinful temptations of food and drink can ruin it for me so I always try and hit up a casino gym while staying there. The Grand Spa at MGM was a decent little gym with some nice equipment. Very well kept, plenty of cardio, and a good line of machines, dumbells, and some cable equipment. Also on hand are complimentary bottles of water, fruit, and assorted Nature Valley granola bars. Hours: 6:00am - 7:00pm Monday - Thursday, 6:00am - 8:00pm Friday - SundayOverall, nice gym for a casino with plenty of equipment. $10 a day gym only fee is a deal.This review is just for the retail space and the receptionists that greet you when you first walk in upstairs. The Grand Spa is located towards the back of the MGM property right before you walk down to the MGM pools and before you make a left towards the people movers that take you to the Signature at MGM Grand.I was on a mission to find a specific body scrub for someone that was purchased in their retail shop in the past. All I was armed with was a photo of the top of the container/jar. I walked up to the reception and as random as it was, showed it to them asked them if they still sold it. They were unsure and seemed thrown off by the brand and flavor of the body scrub I was lookin for. Yes, I call it flavor... The lady I first talked to, african american, was nice and politely told me they didnt sell that brand. She showed it to another lady (caucasian) who seemed like her supervisor and she just brushed it off without even looking at me saying she'd never seen that brand. Really? Couldnt even be bothered that much? But you're here at the reception area to help customers, right? It was in fact sold there before. This was just last year. Do I look like I'd make my way all the way to the spa if I didnt know the facts? So I walked away and got a little more info on what I was looking for and walked back to the nicer lady to ask if there was a retail store for the spa I could check out. She was glad to tell me where it was and directed me down to the stairway that led to the mens & womens spa and retail shop. The retail space is small and is made up mostly of items & products for women, as it should. But there were some men's items as well. I was browsing for a while until a nice young lady helped me. I re-told her my dilemma and she found me something close to what I was looking for. She opened up the tester so I can check that particular flavor if it would work. Sold! I bought the big jar.3 stars for the 2 nice ladies that helped me with good customer service. -1 for the other person that couldnt be bothered. Eye contact is key. Dont they teach that on the first day?Nice spa but guest in here are very loud. The staff is very attentive and super friendly. I had the custom massage but it wasn't anything extraordinary ($186 for 50 min). Don't think it will be my first choice for future visits to LV.good but not spectacular. considering my friends and i splashed out well over a c-note per person i was hoping for a bit more. the fish was fresh but wasn't any better than a decent LA sushi restaurant. i suppose a greater portion of our bill went towards decorating the joint, which is very nice in that trying-too-hard vegas style. minus one star for screwing with my order. i asked to have my noodles brought to me AFTER my sushi. when the noodles came before my fish i got the feeling that the staff may be trained about the menu but are largely ignorant of the finer parts of japanese cuisine.The night started with the hostess not having our reservations on file and then not being very apologetic about it.   Since we were staying at the Wynn she finally agreed to accommodate us.  Okada has an enormous sake list and the server was pretty knowledgeable about them.  However, we waited almost half an hour for our bottle to show up.  Another 15 minutes go by and finally the last people at our shared table show up.  After waiting close to 45 minutes, we were finally served our first morsels of food: the shrimp appetizer and miso soup included in the meal.  Both were pretty mediocre.  About an hour after being seated, the chef finally shows up and starts cooking.  I had the sirloin but tried my friends' shrimp and lobster entrees as well.  All of the entrees were well prepared and the portions were good sized.  However, there was very little of the usual interaction between the chef and customers.  No shrimp tails being throw in a hat, etc... but I guess this is a classier joint.    We almost skipped dessert so that we could make it to Tryst on time, but miraculously the the included custard showed up quickly.  With a good bottle of sake, we spent over $100 per head.  While the entrees were satisfactory, everything else was pretty mediocre and the service was incredibly slow.  I would not recommend this restaurant when there are so many better dining options in Vegas.Okada hosts a combination of a sushi bar; a robatayaki, or Japanese charcoal grill; the main dining room; and the teppanyaki room with four teppanyaki stations.The sushi and sashimi dishes were good quality but not any better than the average "pretty good" places in the Bay Area for a quarter of the cost.  Flavor seemed to be missing, which shouldn't happen at a restaurant of this caliber.  We also tried a couple cooked items from the robata grill menu, and the beef shabu-shabu spring roll with sweet chili sauce, wasabi mayonnaise and peanuts.  Okay flavor + very small portions = overpriced.  I give Okada an extra star for the visually stunning interior with ample wood, glass and stone, and the view of its famous waterfall.The service was impeccable and the decor was really nice, but it just hurts to pay this much for good (but not amazing) food.We came here sort of on accident one night we were in Vegas, and I was also amused that it shares a name with a dorm from the school I'm from.  The food here was pretty good.  I don't like sushi, so I got one of their only non-sushi dishes (at least at the time) that was some sort of pork in a soup.  It was very tender and delicious.  The other members of my party were slightly more adventurous in their food selections, and they all seemed to like it.  It's just extremely extremely expensive.  I would only come back if someone were treating.Thanks to Steve Wynn's special promotion, my friend & I actually have some resort credit to spend for food here, HA!~ ^^-Okada has got a sushi bar, cocktail counter, grill bar, and the regular seating table in front of a nice waterfall surrounded by nice looking bamboo trees.We came in a little later than the usual dinner hours before they close at 10:30pm, but the host & waiter were still very nice & patiently answer our question.  They have got a great, long list of Sake selection with different grades.  We tried their sashimi plates (very fresh) and their grill stuffs (very nicely done).  The waiter often comes back to check on how we're doing with the sake and pour the sake for us.  After we finish, the grill chief came by & insist we tried some of the lamp chop & shitake mushroom 'on-the-house'.very cool, Okada! ^^Sushi: unbelieveable awesome

I'll be back because I like this place, just not to sit down and eat.4 stars at night

Oy oy oy!!!Are beer, funny shorts, and spanking high on your priority list when it comes to choosing a place to have dinner?  If so, Hofbrauhaus is right up your alley.  Food isn't anything spectacular but the biergarten style seating, the plentiful amounts of beer, and a fun loving band keep this party moving.If you're in Vegas and want German food, this place does a pretty good job.  Went here this past Wednesday night and the band was playing Oktoberfest type music so it was loud, fun and lively.  And then there was the Jaegermeister girl doling out shots and spankings (for a price of course)...that was entertaining to watch.The hall itself was about 2/3 full so we had good service.  (The beer garden was closed.)Family style seating.... we sat at a table with another couple but we had plenty of room to spread out and didn't feel like we were in each other's space.The food was plentiful and typical German.... hearty and filling.  Good flavor and as I've not been to Germany I would have to assume not as good as the real thing but pretty darn close.Saw that they have daily lunch specials for $10, so I'll go back since I know I'll come home with leftovers.Having lived in Germany for 7 years, I was hoping for a tasty nostalgic experience at Hofbrau. That's what i got, kind of. Food is decent but not great. For the price I was hoping for the best damn schnitzel in town. Didn't happen. I've had plates that tasted like they were ready for hours, sitting under heat lamps.The beer is good but extremely expensive. I will admit there's something about holding the big liter stein that feels perfect. Just not for the price.The staff has been somewhat unfriendly. I realize they get busy and the place gets packed. I've felt ignored and they have charged me for more than i ordered multiple times. They have however, got my order right every time. I find that impressive with the amount of customers.Even with all this, I enjoy when they have live polka/German bands, beer games, and celebrity keg taps. It is the best place to go for the German experience in Vegas. If your willing to fork out the extra cash, this is a great place to drink some authentic German bier. I'd recommend stopping somewhere else for a couple local priced beverages first though.Das boot!  Das boot!  (a.k.a. glass boot full of beer)Hofbrauhaus is cheesy, it's a tourist trap, it's priced for out-of-towners (read: expensive).  That said, on a Friday night, it is one of the best places in town to go if you want an energetic crowd enjoying themselves and lots of good beer.  No, it's not a perfectly authentic German beer hall (then again, the Paris casino is not a perfect replica of French culture).  It's an impersonation.  A frat-boyish impersonation of a German beer hall.  Diners are seated on wooden benches at communal tables and served lots of beer (in massive, heavy mugs or an uber-expensive glass boot).  The polka band plays at night and sparks congo lines, drunken feats of strength and constant sing-alongs.As for the negative reviews, I will agree that the food is mediocre, consisting mostly of fried meats or some form of sausage.  The prices are at ridiculous "bilk the tourist" levels.  That's why such a fun place only ranks at three stars for me. But Hofbrauhaus isn't built to be a place you'd go on a regular basis.  It's built to throw a drunken party.  A party where you get intoxicated enough to forget how much you're paying.If you go there, know what you're getting into.  It's loud.  Hella loud.  Fun loud.  Lose yourself loud.  And if you have a designated driver and no responsibilities in the morning, it's a great place to play tourist (i.e. bring a group for drunken antics and lose several years of emotional maturity).Came here once and it was alright.  I was a little plastered and it was late at night so there wasn't much of an atmosphere.  I have been told that it is pretty lively in October so I have to go there in October somehow.  There are a few drawbacks to it. #1.  It's outside the strip, it's like right across from Hard Rock Hotel

1. Portillo's.  2. Five Guys

It's a great place to meet with friends or study, but as for the crepes, I've had better. Although they are reasonably priced, the ingredients don't seem that quality. (Maybe I'm spoiled from Crepevine) I ordered a turkey pesto crepe expecting actual turkey but it was just a couple pieces of packaged turkey slices. And though the pesto was tasty, it was clearly a store-bought spread. And the crepe itself was so-so. Guess I'll have to try a sweet crepe next time...Also, the waitress wasn't that friendly, and the overall customer service wasn't great.The food is good.  It's a nice breakfast spot and I'll probably end up eating here a lot.  The savory crepes are better than the sweet (in my opinion) and the coffee drinks are tasty.  There are a few things I'd like to see change though:  - A hostess would be welcome.  Being my first time here I walked in and was unsure of what to do.  There's a register and a long counter so there was no clear indicator as to whether it was counter service or table service.  I had to track down an employee to find out. - The service is spotty.  There were two waitresses working when I was there.  Every table was full so it was 15 minutes before we got to order. - The wait times for food.  After ordering it was 20-25 minutes for two crepes.  That's way too much.  I didn't mind as I wasn't in a hurry but it made me sure to never come here if you have anywhere to be in the next 90 minutes.  I like crepes and  I like coffee and I like good service.  Two out of three ain't bad.The sweet crepes are great. From classic simple lemon juice to the Nutella bananas . But the savory crepes are quite run of the mill, uninspired. But the coffee and the relaxed coffee shop vibe is welcoming. But the service is uneven, and a fly bothered us on the last two visits.Was undecided between four stars or three, until I ate crepes today in San Jose, CA. Smoked salmon, and fast friendly service. A good reference point, so overall it really is a three star place. But come in for coffee with friends and share a sweet crepe? Then maybe five stars!The food, delicious! They do an awesome job with the combinations and the crepe itself, Amazing. Sweet and savory I like both of their options. I've been here several times now and I'll have to say I've never had great service. Today was definitely the worst. I didn't feel welcomed and it certainly didn't make me feel like I should go back anytime soon. I like crepes and I wouldn't say that I seek them out. What makes the difference for me as a customer beyond the good food is great service. I'll come back all the time and be a really loyal customer when the atmosphere is warm. Today I felt more like it was an inconvenience for us to be eating and getting waited on. I was there for 2 hours and wanted to order more food but the server only came to the table twice (to take the order and to deliver the food). I wanted more water and my cup was empty for at least an hour and a half. So I can't say that I'll be going to this place anytime soon for a dine in. If you're big on service I'd say be cautious going here or order to go if you absolutely look crepes because although the food is good the service is not.I didn't realize this was a sit down restaurant when I went in.  My 9 year old and I were meeting friends for lunch at 11 am somewhere else.  We were leaving the allergist and starving at 10 am so wanted a small snack to share.  Tried the breakfast crepe with avocado and feta cheese with mushrooms on the side.  It was good.  Not as fabulous as I had hoped it would be.  My daughter loved the crepe part but decided she wasn't a fan of feta cheese.I would try it again for sure.  They were super busy and it was cheap.  Less than $6 with tax!I came here yesterday with my husband and we were quickly seated by an apathetic waitress.  When I asked her to clarify where she wanted us to sit she shrugged her shoulders and told us to "just pick a table."  We ordered two lattes and two crepes, which I'm surprised didn't take too long to come out. The food we ordered was pretty average. After we were done eating and our table was cleared I mentioned we had a coupon and she told me, "We'll have to take care of it at the counter."  She never came by with the check and when I got up and asked if I paid at the counter she seemed annoyed and said something under her breath that made both my husband and I a little uncomfortable.  I don't think we will be coming back here, at least anytime soon. I'd rather wait 30 minutes and pay more at the Crepe Bar in Tempe than to have lackluster service and a standard crepe.Love the food here! Service not so much! When I was brought the wrong order, I was told that was what she wrote down so there was no offer to bring the correct dish. I am very sure that I did not order ham since I hate ham and ended up picking it out of my crepe.She doesnt seem to feel that the customer should be able to have what they want .I am a chef and crepes is an absolute one of my favorite things to eat. I dont really have time to cook much so i rather go out and eat. I went to IHOP to try their crepes and they tasted like plastic well I went to this place and they kinda tasted like plastic as well. They didnt blow me away at all so I guess I have to continue making my own!!! Nice idea though.Really slow service.  Crepes were OKAY.  It's a cute little place and I wanted to like it more.  Once we walked in we had to wait almost 10 minutes to get menus.  We both ordered nutella, banana, and strawberries crepes.  They were good, but nothing special.  It took forever, and luckily we didn't need any refills because nobody asked about it.Honestly, the crepes tasted like they needed a pinch of salt in the batter.  They weren't awful, but not sure I would go back.$21 for 2 crepes, a coke, and an iced coffee.  It took almost an hour.  No thanks.  You're better off making some homemade pancakes/waffles and slathering on some nutella and fruit at home.The slow and incompetent service is the downfall of this place. Disappointing because it could be such a cute little place if they improved this! It usually takes over an hour for my boyfriend and I to order and get our food here. Little acknowledgement when we come in and a few times we have had to ask for someone to come serve us.Crepes are pretty good in my opinion, a little on the small side for the price, but then again I haven't tried crepes elsewhere yet so I have no comparison.Gave this place another try after my first very successful time. Downgraded to three based on dinosaur like service and one customer who was very offensive to me, stereotyping me based on my look and skin color. Granted he looked like he was 85 and senile but still didn't give him the right to say what he said to me. I left and sat outside on the patio. Didn't have a very good experience.Cute interior and good food. It's located in an unassuming strip mall. The restaurant is self seating for breakfast on the weekends, not sure if it's like that rest of the time. I ordered a modified breakfast crepe of bacon, egg, mushroom, and avocado. The crepe was crunchy that mixed well with the savory filling ingredients. The service was a bit slow for sit down dinning but perfect for a slow weekend morning. The staff is friendly and quick to resolve issues with orders.My first time ever eating a crepe. I tought they were ok. My daughter & I shared a sweet & a savory crepe and a strawberry Italian soda. It was good but not great to where I cant wait to go back. Its in the same complex as my daughters gym, so we decided to try ot outWe went here the other day and I was very excited to try it out. The place was decorated nicely, had clean bathrooms, and had a cozy feeling to it. The staff was fairly nice and we didn't have to wait to order. I've never tried a crepe before so I ordered a strawberry and whip cream one.  The crepes looked delicious when they brought them out and had very good plate appearance. The downside was that all of our crepes were soggy which made it hard to eat them.  Also, behind the counter seems to be not the cleanest which made me a little sketched out as I was eating.  I'm not sure if we will be back-my boyfriend wasn't too impressed by the food- but hopefully the crepes will be better and the back will be cleaner if we do.Full disclosure, I am a huuuugggeee crepe fan and I have traveled in France quite a bit. So, it would have to be as good as what I have eaten in France to give it 5 stars. That being said, I think it is a great Crepe place and recommend it. It doesn't stand up against the ones in France, but it is definitely worth a try.I gave this place three stars although the food is worthy of four or more the service is only worthy of two stars. Our actual server Terry was friendly it was the service from the people around her dropping off the food that was more on the rude side.  I would come back 1 more time as maybe it was an off day.First of all let me say the coffee and the crepes are very good. But they are very very slow they need to have another waitress on during the busy times this is the only reason I wouldn't return or only get my stuff to go. Good fast efficient service is essential to a successful businessI have been here 4 times now. After my last visit I thought I'll give it another chance. However, I have only found that each time the service had gotten worse & worse. I went or with my co-workers on Sat. Yes it was busy. We expected that. When we found a table the waitress wad clearing the dishes off. She left the wet rag to wipe the table down on the table. Shoo I wiped it clean thinking that it would be helpful. It took another 10 min for another waitress too come over & give us menus. No greeting or anything. I handed her the wet rag & said I hope it was alright I just already wiped the table down. She took it & SAID NOTHING!WE WAITED ANOTHER 20 MIN. & we finally waved her down to ask her if she could take our order. She did & then made a remark about is having patience. This was after waiting over a 1/2 hr. Them others that came in after us were being served. It took another 1/2 hr to serve our crepes. When I got mine it was the wrong crepe & I explained to her I didn't order tomatoes in my crepe it was avocado. She mumbled under her breath she was sure it was tomatoes. We had 5 mins to eat before we had to leave for a meeting at work. All of that to say I will not be going back again. The wait staff has become ruder with each visit.You now how you want something and when you don't get it and try something else, it pales by comparison? Yeah. That's this place for me. My favorite place is closed for remodeling. So we tried it here. Every sweet crepe had a "base"-- most of them cream cheese. Why? To keep the fruit from getting warm. Um, ok. But I like it a different way, so I asked for a plain one with fruit on the side ($3.25). Bowl was plentiful and fruit mostly ripe. Crepe was, well, not what I expected. It was almost crispy--not what I'm used to, I guess.  Tasted a little doughy but with enough Carmel sauce l, most things are much better.

Gyro Classic Plate, $12.99Vegetarian Combo (Falafel, Hummus, Tabbouleh, Babaghanouj, Grape Leaves, Tomatoes, Pickles, Olive Oil), $9.99

- this hotel takes away the feeling of being in Vegas because nobody gambles or plays here.

3. They were on a frost delay today. Our T-Time was 1:15 we were told they hoped to get us off by 1:35-1:45...it gets dark at 5:30 so...what will be the resolution?  They overbooked...not my fault. I am hopeful something good will come about.This is a relatively small diner at the Four Queens, upstairs overlooking the casino.  Our party of three was seated quickly.  The server was friendly and efficient, but spoke very broken English and was difficult to understand.I felt the menu choices were somewhat limited.  We ordered one prime rib special ($7.95) with players club card, one french dip sandwich, and one reuben sandwich.  My reuben was tasty, but a little dry, served with mediocre fries.I used an American Casino Guide coupon (buy one, get one free entree), which reduced the total, with soft drinks, to only $23.  Overall, I'd say this is a decent, average place to grab a quick bite to eat, but nothing outstanding.i like comming here to eat sometimes   they have good skirt steak  it's a new orleans   style restaurant  with some hawaii foods on the  menu but the atmosphere gets a D and service C but the food gets a C+.Magnolia's Veranda is not a bad dinner for the price. Skip the seafood selections on the menu.  Stick to the steaks, prime rib, hamburgers and fries.  You can't good wrong with those items.Good and cheap food downtown. This place is good for what it is. A cafe in a casino, you don't expect much, but they have some pretty great deals to choose from. My fella got the prime rib meal and I stole a few bites from him! Pretty good for the price and service is quite attentive.One great thing to note is that you can order from Chicago Brewing Company in the diner, which is a huge plus! Make sure you get a rewards card to take advantage of their 24 hour dining specials and your first meal is a BOGO!Definitely above average diner food.Decent place in old downtown Vegas for a reasonably priced American breakfast/brunch.  Most breakfasts can be had for the $6.25 - $7 range (ex coffee, which is about $2.25 per cup).   This place is located in the Four Queens casino.  Parking in the old downtown area is generally via validated garage parking.  We also found this area to be a nice, refreshing getaway from the hustle, bustle, and vastness (and extravagant expense) of the Strip.Good price for the food. I had my prime rib medium well and it was on the dry side. A lot of food for a cheap price.Super tastey minestrone soup! Ccarlos was our waiter and he was great. The portion sizes are friggin huge! I got a greek salad and could only finish half. Good beer! I got all nighter and it tates just like neer beer which I love haha =) overall we could have gone to dennys but it was cute and I was satisfied!Burger was cooked just the way I liked it. Ceasar salad was huge. Nice place we sat over looking the casino floor so we were able to people watch. Tbone steak special was $14.99. A deal!!Decent breakfast spot. The hairnets are a little creepy.Just checked in the hotel & wanting to have dinner, went here based on convenience. Ordered Loco Moco, it was ok for someone who's hungry! HA!  Too tired to go anywhere else to have a late dinner and I just wanted to have a great night sleeping to have a better day tomorrow.But of course to compare my food (Loco Moco) to what I had tasted from other establishments....this Loco Moco definitely needs a little flavor.Not the greatest service but sure they have some killer burgers in here and belive it or not a 24/7 joint aint that easy to find in Las Vegas these days, esp. not downtown.This is one of the few places in vegas that serves Coca Cola and not Pepsi.I stay at the 4 Queens many times and have eaten here.   It's a basic diner.  I think they do a good breakfast here.  However, found the Prime Rib serving sizes to be smaller (if you want a big slice of Prime Rib, hit the Gold Spike restaurant which is $3.00 cheaper, but doesn't come with soup or salad).Had the ribs here and they are just okay.It is hit or miss on service -- depends on how bitter the staff is that day.  Get a 4 Queens club card for a discount.Decently priced prime-rib. You get $2 off if you join the players club. Service was very attentive, the soup wasn't great, but the price was worth it.The cafe/restaurant is located in the 4 Queens Casino and Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas.

The configuration of the bathroom is weird too. Why do you have to walk thru the kitchen to get to the bathroom to shower or even wash your hands. Why are my guests walking thru the kitchen in a towel while im trying to cook breakfast????

There is a free breakfast in the morning and you can buy dinner after 5pm, the latter is very reasonably priced.

Maybe I will give this place another try but this time I just wan't 100% satisfied.The newest addition to The Charlotte Premium Outlet Center, this is now my go to buck stop when I'm at work.  It's walkup only with no indoor area for patrons.  There are a few tables out front if you wish to endure the heat, rain, etc.  Due to loud ventilation inside, the workers have a hard time hearing you place your order.  Be prepared to yell it at them.Customers seem confused by the line since there are two windows.  One to order and one to pickup.  No one knows which one to go to first since it's not clearly posted.  Once you receive your beverage you can step to the side for sugar, stir sticks, etc.  However, due to the hot summer temps, they've been unable to leave the half and half out and you must step back to the window to ask for it.Apparently bee's need their caffeine fix too.  They are buzzing all around and you may even find one in the food case.  Also, the menu posted on the storefront advertises items that they don't even sell.  Go figure.In the short time they've been open I've had my fair share of interactions with them.  After all, a retail worker needs his coffee!  The staff seems well trained in their craft but have been known to come off as rude.  I sent one of my staff members to get me a decaf one evening and they were angry to have to do a "pour over" because they don't keep decaf around.  I thought this was because it was near closing time but no, they don't do decaf...ever.  Really?  Anyhow, as they've become more familiar with mall employees they seem to have curbed their attitudes a bit.  Hopefully they find their customer service niche soon.I've rated them 3 stars because the coffee is par for Starbucks and it's a nice addition to the center.  I need my retail fuel and will continue to pay them daily visits.Walk-up only Starbucks that serves the Premium Outlet mall. There is no inside here, no drive through. Place your order and pay at one window, pick up your finished coffee beverage at the other.There is plenty of outside seating here or throughout the shopping center. Note that many shops do not allow food or drinks inside!If you've tasted your drink at one Starbucks, you've tasted it at all Starbucks. Therein lies the beauty of chain restaurants. Starbucks gets the taste right every time. What this Starbucks lacks is a smooth operation. The cashier struggled to hear my name. After the third attempt, I determined that Kristyn was a perfectly acceptable variation of my name. Next time, I'll take advantage of the opportunity to use a club alias during the daytime. I digress.... The real issue is that orders were being taken far faster than they could be filled and there was a long wait, despite there not being very many people waiting. If they can work out the timing kinks, they'll be fine here.How can you go wrong at Starbucks?! Well nothing's perfect I guess... My mother and I ordered a Caramel Waffle Cone Latte (her favorite by the way) and they informed us they ran out of the waffle cone bits and we were a little disappointed because that's kinda like the "cherry on top" after paying and 5 secs later I remembered another drink I wanted to try (a Strawberry Refresher) to replace the lacking waffle cone latte; the cashier informed me she would have to refund the money then ring up the order again, etc...I stopped her and said "Nevermind" I thought she was doing a little too much just to replace an order that they couldn't really fill in the first place! Hopefully next time will be better :/I really recommend Dr. Mendoza.  He's been my daughter choice since she was born. The office is pretty  decent when you have appointments  however there has been times they over book.Dr. Webber gets a 1 star because she has horrible tact/delivery.  We had to see her since Dr. Mendoza was booked and we didn't want to wait any longer since our daughter's rash was getting worse over the weekend.  Whatever you guys do, do not see Dr. Webber.  She doesn't explain her "opinions" very well and is very unrealistic.  For example, she said that all Toddlers and I quote "Should NEVER drink juice". Fruit should only be consumed by eating fruit and not drank.  We were not even there for her to lecture on no juice for consumption.  She definitely did not look as though she was the eptimany of health and probably has had a few juices or sodas too many.  She shunned me for using a natural home remedy for my child's rash (i.e. coconut oil which I read is a good anti-bacterial) while their office was closed over the weekend.  I should have seen other posts about her...that will be my first and my last time to take my children to see Dr. Webber.  It's a shame she is part of this group.  I hope they read these reviews and she does a better job going forward.  One more thing, she was teaching other Student Doctors and a student Doc was in the room listening to her lack of tact/effective delivery and non-sense.  My child was not there because we have a lack of water problem, obesity, or eating disorder...we were there for a diaper rash that turned into a yeast rash and she was talking that no kids should EVER drink juice even if diluted with mostly water.  I was just shocked and looked at her like she was unrealistic.  Hope the Student Doc doesn't pick up her bad habits!  Dr. Mendoza gets 4 stars for being amazing!  He is our children's Doctor.  He is reasonable and cares and takes his time explaining.It's a nice, new building, a nice office, well decorated, comfortable, fairly easy to find, convenient to the east valley and I really like my nurse; she's extremely competent, thorough and caring, but what a sourpuss at the front desk. Sheesh!  That very first non-welcome is such a turn off!  I'm sorry you're soooo busy that I'm nothing but an irritation to you.  How about looking me in the eye?  How about looking up from your paperwork to talk to me?  How about a hearty "hello" upon my approach?  Or perhaps a weak smile and some eye contact?  I suppose we're all just too busy for the common courtesies anymore.Cheap and fast is key here. I got a spicy chicken burrito for ~7$ at lunch rush hour. The line wasn't very long (but it was longer than the adjacent bento place, so I figured it must be better). The ingredients on the line looked nice and fresh. The whole serving was quick and efficient. They packed the burrito in a bag to go, without asking, which was fine for me since the seating area was quite busy and noisy, but it wasn't very warm when I got to eating it later. It's not a particularly good restaurant but it was good for a quick lunch.Got the cheesesteak, it was huge. Definitely big enough for two. It was good, nothing special other than its size. Good French fries. Food came out hot and fast but the place was empty. The server forgot about me and it took forever to get a to-go box.I ended up eating a chicken shawarma dish with hummus that was good.  The chicken was pretty lazily butchered though, lots of connective tissue.  Garlic whip is good.  The service is pretty awful here but the food is pretty good for the price.Pretty good, more of a takeout place than a sit in. Great price for shwarmas. Lacked professional customer service and appearance.We initially really liked this hole-in-the-wall place, and tolerated the horrible service when we dined in because of the excellent food.  However, on our repeat visits the quality of the food has been very inconsistent.  Sometimes they put tzatziki sauce on the gyros and sometimes they don't, etc.It's not the worst place to get take-out food if you are in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip.  I recommend checking your food before you drive off to make sure there hasn't been a major screw-up.The friendly staff are hard to understand.  Miscommunication happens, but they do their best.  The ambiance is minimal - it is your typical inexpensive minimalist college divey type place.The food is a four star affair.  I really like the menu, they even do a cheesesteak that isn't like Philly but infuses the Middle Eastern flavor flare into it.Value/prices are all over the place.  Some things seem to be a great value and others more expensive.  I wish they give you a little more meat and toppings with the Gyro.  They don't say Heero by the way, they say jy roe.Sought this restaurant out tonight based on ratings and photos.  The cashier took the orders but I believe was more in charge of the grocery side of the building.  He was friendly and helpful.  The chef knew more about the menu.  I ordered the gyro combo and broke the rules when I ordered a baklava.  The gyro lamb wasn't quite flavorless but not that typical/pungent flavor that most gyro places have my way (i.e. Greek Fiesta, Gyro City, Zorba's, mall types).  I was disappointed and I didn't noticed the taste of tzatziki sauce.  I'm glad  I didn't pay $1 to add feta. The fries were a bit salty. The baklava was good at first but was toooo sweet n syrupy.  More than I'm use to.  I probably should have made salad as planned.  If I return, I will try the coffee everyone is raving about and the falafel.  Hope not to be mislead.  The grocery side was clean and well laid out.  Plenty of places to sit for dining too.I was handed a flier a week back at my other job. It stated "all you can eat wings" lunch $6.95 11 am - 3 pm and dinner $8.95 3pm - 9 pm dine in only. Both included steam rice, salad & soup. It also didn't state an expiration date!We came from the I95 from the Stratosphere since we couldn't criss Las Vegas Blvd due to the marathon.  Passed it since we were expecting their lit up sign but luckily my partner has really good eye sight. Their signage was a 4 foot banner. Place looked closed but the sign was flashing "open". Once we stepped in, the older Thai gentleman approached and greeted us. He also turned on a set of lights.  Not a very busy place. Now we know why! My partner and I ordered two Thai teas with boba! Came back with no boba, gentleman did mention there wasn't any more boba when he served us the drink. Now I'm a firm believer,  if you have items on the menu, you need to have a steady supply in the establishment. It was in a tall glass, too bad it was too sweet!I ordered a combination shrimp & chicken pad Thai,  no onions, since my partner is allergic. Flavor and portion size were just right for the price. It's creamier than most pad Thai I've ever had though.Soyp or salad never made it to the table. Then the chicken wings came. I ordered a sweet chili sauce and my partner a spicy sweet basil. A heat level of seven. Chicken wings were dry. I had to double dip mine in the sauce just to swallow the meat jerky. My partners wings were flavoured perfectly but still on the dry side.  You get 7 wing sections tossed in the sauce (sweet chili, drunken chili, sweet basil) and a cup of rice. Thr flier I was given had garlic pepper as another sauce that I didn't see on the store menu. Ten minutes go by, sat for another 3, and finally the older gentleman came and handed our check!  What? So I asked if we can get another order, thinking it was all you can eat! Boy was I shocked when they said that flier expired. So I pretty much paid $9.95 for 7 wings and a cup of rice? It was $7.95 on the store menu but you add $2 more for tofu or chicken and $3 more for shrimp. Who does that? So if I'd pay $7.95, what would we have served, a cup of rice, the sauce on top of shredded cabbage? If I would have known I'd just went to hamburger hut! I do live in North Vegas so it wouldn't have been any inconvenience. I would have got 10 wings for $8.99 and half a to go container full of fries, soaked in sauce & juicy. Guess that's why I get for trying to support local businesses!  Never trust a restaurant with no customers!  If it weren't for the older Thai gentleman I'd gave this place 1 star!Someone mentioned the shrimp in the pad Thai was a "jumbo" size, let's not fool anyone else, it's only a 31/40 peeled, deveined & tail on. "Jumbo" would be considered as the langostine size and it would have cost more than $15 for the dish, not $7.95! Just saying!NextOrdered off of GrubHub and the delivery was 30 past the later estimate for delivery which was very frustrating because it was already an hour estimate from time of order which is a very long wait. I got the chicken drunken noodle and chicken tom yum soup. They are both pretty good, the noodles were just fairly oily, too much grease and both were a tad too salty too, which is always my fear in ordering any Asian dishes, especially Thai food. Not sure I would order from them again, but I did ask for a discount because the delivery was so late so I got 20% off the order.Eh... Food was ok. I ordered orange chicken which didn't taste all that fresh. I also got pad see ew which didn't look how I expected it to. There were a bunch of veggies in it, it was a clear/white sauce not brown and there were no peanuts. There was also cilantro in it. The flavor was yummy, but definitely didn't taste like every other Ive had in the past. I had egg rolls which were good, but did taste like premade frozen ones and the shrimp appetizer which was really good. They use fairly large shrimp.All in all, it wasn't terrible....plus, it is 24 hr  delivery (I ordered at 1:30am) anywhere in Vegas and there's no delivery charge.I've ordered the orange chicken once before and it was nothing to write home about although they aren't stingy with their portions.. this time i chose the chicken thai garlic and it's pretty decent.. don't think I'd order it again but their thai tea is the reason for 3 stars.. must have.!!Amazing location on the strip w great view. Plenty of seating w tons of TVs. Our service was a little off but it was late n servers were probably tired. Had the fajitas n they gave me some hard cold cheese n then overcharged us but corrected the error. We will be back.Happily, we were SAT right away. It's a Sunday night but we only had to wait less than 5 minutes to get a table inside. This chilis is located on top of another restaurant, so you have to go around the building and up the stairs to actually enter this chili's. I've been to many of these restaurants. However, this is not one of the better ones. We both ordered fajitas and the quality was not the best. The portions were okay, but the portions of the sides were really small. Overall, the flavor just wasn't there either. But, recommend the cheddar cheese bites as appetizers and the endless chips and salsa.I don't know that I would come back to this chilis if I was in the area. There are so many other options, you really need to be on the top of your game to compete at this location on the strip.Came with wife for dinner, and when we arrived we waited 15 mins to be seated.

I might go back if I'm dying for something different, but, it just wasn't all that.  A little greasy if anything.

But then we come to the pizza.  And I have to admit I've only tried the pizza, and not any of their other offerings.  The pizza is just not that great.  In particular, I dislike the sauce.  I feel that it doesn't do any justice to anybody, and that it probably comes out of a can.  The crust could be okay, but I think it gets brought down by the sauce, and, eh, I dunno, I'm just usually not a fan of really thin-crust pizza unless it has other things going for it.  'Fresh' isn't a word I would use.

The shack-like facade of Lynyrd Skynyrd BBQ & Beer was sealed behind a solid white wall this morning, and all mentions of it have vanished from the Excalibur's website. Naming a restaurant after a band who lost three members in an airplane crash at the height of their success might have been a bad omen, but I am sorry to see them close down because their BBQ was quite good. I sampled one of their Pitmaster Combos on my last trip at the castle that included two succulent pork ribs, two very large portions of ham, and a moist hunk of quarter chicken. And unlike other BBQ joints that grill their meat, slather it with a pungent sauce, and then grill it some more, this place let the meat speak for itself. They simply seasoned it with a bit of salt and black pepper, finished it with a dry rub of cayenne pepper, grilled it until it caramelized and sweetened, and served it at that perfect point where the meat is ready to delectably fall apart. And if you wanted BBQ sauce to go with it, they offered a trio of tangy sauces to suit every palate.Another downside to this place closing down is the loss of neat cocktail spot in this area. Their drink menu was quite off the beaten path with fun shots like the Death to Miss Piggy (bacon-washed Souther Comfort Fiery Pepper) and the Jack and Pickle Back (Jack Daniel's and pickle brine), and cocktails like the Double Wide Baconator (more bacon Infused SoCo Fiery Pepper, some Lillet Rouge, maraschino cherries and Angostura bitters), and my favorite, the Honey Badger (Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey, some apple cider, Whiskey Barrel bitters, DiSaronno, lemon and a touch of cinnamon.)."If I leave here tomorrow would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on, now 'cause there's too many places I've got to see." -- Lynyrd SkynyrdFOOD: really really good!  We had a party of 8. We shared 4 combos and upgrade to large sides and paid $14 each. Reasonably  priced and had leftovers.            SERVICE:  non existent !! We went to counter to order and carry our own food and they actually had the nerve to add 18% gratuity. I complained and quickly learned why the service doesn't exist- because management is even more retarded!!                                                      My point- must try BBQ but order            TO GO!!!The food here is not that great....but it will due.There is not many places in the area for a decent quick bite thats not on the scavenger levels of McDonalds but also not up to the royal and wallet abusing feeling one can get at one of Las Vegas best steakhouse.  Instead its a burger joint.  Slightly overpriced but very versatile in its selections.ABX offer burgers and fries with a variety of sauces to choose from.  I've been here twice.  Once I had a turkey burger, and on a different occassion I had the regular burger.  Both were good, neither was great.  The fries were just ok as well.If Im hungry for a burger and I stroll pass American Burger Works, I just might stop by.Burger was solid, but a little pricey, 8 bucks plus 1 buck for bacon, fries were good. I had the Jack Daniels Ketchup which was good. But the 1 free sauce they give you is tiny, and its a dollar more for each additional sauce or 3 for 2.50. Add in a 5 dollar shake and my meal came out to like 18 dollars. A little on the high side but whatever. I could deal with that.But their service sucks too, the cashier seemed like he didnt want to be there, he messed up my order when i asked for an additional dipping sauce. And it took them close to 20 minutes to get my shake out(i ordered it after my meal). I would probably go back again eventually, but the service was a turn off and the  pricing on their tiny sauces is ridiculous.Located in the Excalibur, ABX was a great find! Veggie Burger was great. My carnivorous friends enjoyed their burgers as well. Why only three stars you ask? They offer a variety of sauces that all sound great, but only give you a thimble of one, and charge you for more or to try the others. Really? It might have cost me an extra buck for the sauce, but it cost ABX a star!Excalibur is seriously lacking in the restaurant department (among other things...) but ABX is a decent quick bite. It's a burger bar, and the prices are not outrageous factoring in Vegas grub in general. They have an adequate array of options, and you'll get your meal in about five minutes. The actual dining room is kind of unclean, and greasy, but again totally passable if you're just looking for a quick cheaper eat.I was thrilled to find turkey burgers were an option, although I've definitely had better (even at home). My co-diner's beef burgers were very greasy and dripped, but mine tasted more clean and certainly less fatty. Overall, this place is nothing remarkable BUT one of the better low priced options on this side of Vegas. I'd eat here again for lunch or if I needed something to sop up alchohol with.Disappointed. There were favorable reviews when it first opened and I had hoped there would be a reason to walk through Excalibur, being the dump it is. I was wrong.Let's start with the service. They forgot several items that we ordered after coming up to get our food. No apologies, just lack of attention to detail. The sauces in a Yogurtland taster cup were $1 each! That's kind of a slap in the face when you can barely dip a fry in it.As for the food, I hate when the bun overpowers the meat. If I want deep dish bread I'll go to Chicago. The meat was overcooked and the only thing that was consistent was the toppings. I went back and forth whether I should give this place 2.5 stars, but figured, the burger is better than a fast food one. The belgian fries were not as advertised either. I've had much better ones before and I wish they'd step it up in all areas. Once again, a good fit w/ Excalibur. Underwhelming.I went to American  Burger Works after seeing their ad for Belgian fries with 20 difference dipping sauces.  Well, the Belgian fries are nothing more than thick-cut fries.  Apparently, they've changed their policy a bit since previous reviewers were there because you now get 2 sauces with your burger .   I had no idea I didn't get to try a little of this and a little of that...and the guy behind the counter was really snippy with me that I can only try two.  (he didn't tell me there was the option of buying more than two.)  Oh...and although they advertize that they have 20 sauces, they actually only had 14.

This band has a great sound and they work hard

- the manager was great, super nice guy. but took him 20 minutes to get some rice we asked for. Took our actual server about 15 minutes.

My suggestion is just to purchase only the tenders since nothing else is really THAT good there.i would've given this place a higher rating...

Pool

Our order was complete, and accurate. Each item was hot and fresh. However, some times were kept warm instead of made to order. Overall:

Don't waste your money

- night club and bars: Lights and Minus 5 Ice Bar are in the building

Which means- when I get there usually either my food has not even gone in yet (happened once) or my food is nowhere close to being ready (happened twice). I have also witnessed my food being packed up and put in the warmer by the cooks and the girl at the front was not notified that an order was complete. I had to go to her and tell her that my food had just come out. (pathetic)

Sweet Geezus, the portions are HUGE. I fork tasted the Tenderloin Tips and eyeballed Rick N's sandwich. Both could readily be shared and both parties satiated. What did I eat? Dessert. Yes, I had a chocolate martini. (Thanks Carlos V. for treating! And driving our sorry butts around.)The drink menu is impressive. However, I like things simple. It was easy peasy to order a dirty vodka martini w/o any fluffy stuff.CON

I say this because there was a another lady who got her hair done that chatted up quite a bit with her stylist and other employees seem to know her well as well.

i'd much rather bring lunch from home.I ordered the sweet potato sandwich on the herb bread and I was disappointed. The flavors were bland and it wasn't fresh. The bread on the other hand, AMAZING. So yummy.I would go back there to purchase a loaf of bread but thats about it.The hair that was baked into my muffin was not as delicious as some may believe. Watch for hairs before you bite into your muffin. ;) Luckily the service, especially the guy at the register(Oliver), were really nice and made the experience better.Pretentious. But sometimes you want that for lunch. Food is good. You just have to chew a lot. Lots of vitamin rich food.Pleasant casual setting. You order cafe style and they bring it to your table. Limited booths so secure your booth first before ordering. Tables are ok but not as comfortable as booths. Food was well prepared and above average taste. We had a club sandwuch and a cobb salad. The service was excellent and they had a person that clears the table for you.. Friendly and casual environment. Very popular and rightfully so.Breakfast is still the best thing going here. After that, the place goes down hill. Changes in management haven't been the best and it doesn't feel as friendly anymore. It can get busy on the weekends, but most evenings are relatively dead.I have loved WIldlfower for many years and was a frequent costumer. However i went yesterday and ordered my usual of a toasted asiago bagel with cream cheese and a side of pesto dressing and the toast that comes with it. The girl i ordered from was very rude and after i had ordered one of the cooks came out and after i had sat down my friend over heard the cook talking trash about me ordering a side and that from now on people cant order a side?? Then when my food finally came out they brought me an everything bagel not toasted and the wrong bread for the pesto sauce. I was just disappointed by these two workers. If this was my first visit i wouldve gave a 2 stars, but i know usually wildflower is on top of their stuff.First visit. Clean store. Was in a hurry and the associate got me in and done very quickly. Will return.I went here with family, and as Simon Cowell might say:"It was rather forgettable"There really was nothing special about my enchiladas... not a damn thing, i can go to my local, or your local, or even my grandmas local taqueria and get the same thing if not better for the price.The place sure does have a pretty courtyard though!I agree that Abuelo's is about a notch below On the Border, which isn't saying much for the restaurant.  This place is good for groups.  I have to say that there is one thing on the menu that actually is good and cheap...the flatiron steak is actually tasty.....just a note:  this isn't a Mortons or Gibson's bone in ribeye...this is a flatiron steak...that's it.  The rest of the food is okay. Don't go if you're expecting good mexican.  Spend a night out in the Frontera with a local to get REAL Mexican food...thanks Miguel for that near death experience.I heart Abuelo's.  I'll just start by saying that I initially thought this was going to be an expensive restaurant so hadn't stepped into it until I went with co-workers.  I ordered (and still do) the kid's bean/cheese burrito - very inexpensive and yummy.  The thing I like is that the beans have a peppery taste to them so it's not bland. The one thing that keeps me coming back is the chips and salsa.   It's not unusual for me and my lunch buddies to go through 2 bowls of chips and 2 bowls of salsa EACH before we even give our order to the waiter/waitress. I think they put something in it to make you crave it. For the price and atmosphere - I can only comment on my kids menu choice ($6) and the lunch crowd (not too busy).If I had to choose between Garcia's, Macayo's, La Parilla Suiza (here in Phoenix) and Abuelo's... I'd choose Abuelo's before all the other places. Why? Simply because for a chain establishment, the food offered is quite good, and the prices comparable. I tend to go for the seafood choices of Abuelo's I've had the Pescado Guerrero and the Enchiladas de Cozumel. Both entrees are good, the Pescado Guerrero is a mahi-mahi steak with fresh shrimp,

- Manager comes back and takes our dessert order.

Meh. I only stop here if I'm chasing chickens. No, not the kind you routinely see walking around Arcadia. The roasted kind you're supposed to peel the skin off of and eat as a healthy protein. (Ok, so SOMETIMES if the skin is crispy I might just have some. Maybe.)The deal with Fry's is that if they don't have a roasted chicken available you can have a credit. So I've noticed an annoying trend about this store. I only stop in here if I'm desperate (and coming from downtown). Or if I'm about to eat my arm. But usually I have to be *really* short on time to stop here given the other nice Fry's Marketplace options.Sooooo...anyway. This location will have one sad, pathetic pale and undercooked chicken available for your purchase. ALL THE TIME. So, no, I don't really want to buy that one. But I really need/want a roasted chicken to shred for post work-out. "Ok, fine. I'll take that weakling home." But every time I've regretted it. I can only salvage a third of the chicken. The rest is fatty or just not really cooked. (UGH.)And it's not like I can ask for a "better" chicken. I've tried that. (At CostCo sure. Hang around for a bit. They'll churn some out. Not here. Soooorrrry.)When I checked out today I mentioned that I had the last chicken to the cashier. Oh boy. And then SUDDENLY (like magic) the phones were picked up. "Gotta make fresh chicken!"Really?Thanks.Rarely need to go into a bank as do most business on line but on occasion need to go into this branch.  Very friendly--too much!  When  on line waiting for a teller it is very annoying to listen to teller try to make small talk with another customer--OK be polite but no need to engage in long conversations causing others to wait and wait and wait some more!For me, it seems as if Hungry Howie's had a bright future filled with fame and fortune, but some time along the way, they lost their charm (and their $5 pizza). I feel as if the place in on the steady decline.Went in there and ordered two medium pizza's. There seemed to be a lone gal working and the poor thing was running around like crazy. However, she did a great job; my pizza was to me in the 10 min. she allotted when ordered. The pizza's were comparable to Little Caesars, which is a shame given that I used to greatly prefer Hungry Howie's.  One thing that really bothered me was this horrid noise coming from one of the many antique looking machinery in the back. Not sure what it was, but I feel for the employee's working there and would not be surprised if some became prone to seizures or something due to prolonged exposure. It was sooo loud!been to this location quite a few times from when they opened to now. it's usually pretty good and with coupons, a great price. The flavored part of the crust is always good- especially the asiago and garlic. To us, they have the best flavored crust of all the cheaper, chain places. The actual crust/bottom of pizza portion, however isn't very good; very bland, poor texture and always has too much gritty cornmeal stuff on the bottom. For that reason, the breadsticks are generally pretty bland tasting as well, even with cheese-it's just greasy, not a good taste. Overall though, its decent pizza with the toppings, flavored crust and they always put enough cheese, and of course the cost with coupons is a plus. I don't tend to order from here without the coupons, as it wouldn't be worth it then. Also, I've personally never had a problem with employees being rude.It's Fry's.  Nothing special.  Not like the one on Tatum (which is very upscale).Good produce, good variety, reasonable prices.  What you expect from Fry's.I like Fry's overall.  It is where my family does most of our groceries.  It is clean and nice.   The negative I find with this location is that the meat and seafood department  is kinda slow and you gotta wait longer than some other Fry's.Unlike their car service Execucar, Supershuttle is just ok for me. I use to use them all the time as a cheap way to get to and from the airport but after having to be picked up 2 hours before my flight and sometimes stopping at too many places to pick up other passengers and actually wondering am I going to make my flight? Its kinda lost its luster for me. Don't get me wrong, its still cheaper than a cab but sometimes it just isn't worth it. Especially coming home. I swear there have been times where I was the last person dropped off after riding around all over town dropping off others. Oh well, you get what you pay for and sometimes cheaper isn't always better.The Blue Shuttle - I have a love/hate relationship with this company.  Often times when I have to go to Sky Harbor, I need a ride, and rather than bother friends, I take the shuttle.  It is an inconvenience, so I don't look forward to it at all.  But it has a lot of pluses:

We got 2 different seasonings and both were very good

Meatballs, Marinara, Bread (Chef's special)

was dirty. Had to sit somewhere though. Our waiter HATES his job and or life. You could smell it on him. I would recommend hiring happier people who want to please customers and make good tips. This Kona Grill definitely needs  to work on their customer service. It's in bad shape. * also they are always out of HH house wine. Instead of telling us,  the server charges us for a wine that was 2 $ more. I am not cheap but at least be up front about it instead of manipulating the situation.We came here on a Sunday and they had happy hour! I love their happy hour menu, so many choices. We had calamari ( my favorite on their HH menu), Bbq chicken pizza, crab crunch roll, ahi wonton crisp and lettuce wraps. I usually love going to Kona but this one was ok, the flavors were a little bland -- maybe it just depends on the cook. Love the view from the patio area though, being on High Street makes me feel like I'm not in Arizona. I'd still go to Kona for happy hour but probably at a different one.Although the food & cocktails were on point, I have to leave a less than stellar review on the customer service. Our server not once asked us if we liked our food, wanted another cocktail, or refilled our water...it's AZ and the temperature has started to climb in late April. Maybe she snubbed us because I pointed out the nat that was sitting in my Cosmopolitan...I was nice about it and understood it could happen as the Windows were open on the patio although we were tucked away inside...I just wanted a Cosmo w/o nats....is that too much to ask!!! I usually sit at the bar so maybe that's where the issue lies...the bartenders are well trained, but the servers are not??? However this girl was even training a hostess to be a server! I mentioned my concerns to a manager and he apologized and said he would address the entire staff...$&%! Well I hope that helps, but I think I will be sitting at the bar if I return.  #subtleracismNice selection of rolls on happy hour.Nice place and some of thei restaurants are nice, TGI Friday's needs help big time in their service dept. I can't tell you how the food is because they took so long to even acknowledge us we got up and left. We waited about 20mins before we left. Their buffet is good , alot of variety to choose from and the wait staff are efficent and nice.(ask for Ivan  Caldwell if you eat their he's a great server). The steak house was pretty good as well, the food was prompt and good, the busser staff is stellar and thw wait staff needs to catch up to them. The movie theater is nice but they need to do a better job of controlling the underage kidswith out adult supervision in r rated moviesMRKT Sea & Land (http://www.aliantecasinohotel.com/dining/mrkt.php)Some friends and I went out to MRKT on a Wednesday evening; the three of them wanted to take advantage of the 2-for-1 prime rib special between 5 and 6pm. We were seated promptly. The dining room was pretty sparsely filled. Maybe that's due to the economy, maybe it was the early hour, and maybe it was the a la carte menu -- a $15-$25 entree and $5-$7 sides runs up the tab right quick. Even moreso if you take advantage of their gargantuan wine selection! (We didn't.)Two of us ordered soft drinks: a lemonade and an Arnold Palmer (half lemonade, half iced tea). My Arnold Palmer was almost too sweet to drink. A sip of the straight up lemonade revealed a serious lack of tartness.We enjoyed a breadbasket while reviewing the menu. Personally, I'm hard on restaurants with bad bread. It's tough to screw this up, and if you do, it's telling as to how the rest of the service is going to be. Fortunately, the basket came to our table filled with delicious warm bread in three varieties: dark sweet raisin and nut loaf, lightly salted soft pretzel sticks, and a simple, though still yummy, sourdough.Our server was outgoing and a joy to dine with. When one of our party changed her order, subbing a MRKT chopped salad (with pancetta in every bite!) for the butternut squash soup (on the suggestion of the woman at the table next to ours, who sent hers back with a critique of "not enough squash" and "Wolfgang Puck's is better"), he left the slightly less expensive soup on the bill instead of the salad, saving us a dollar or two. (Of course, that was added to his tip.)The Blue Nut Salad is an interesting combination of mixed greens, halved red and green grapes, and candied pecans, tossed in a fresh, peppery sort of vinaigrette and served with a pinch bowl of crumbled blue cheese. I say "interesting" because while I think I know what they were trying to achieve -- balancing the sweetness of the pecans and grapes with the strong cheese -- I think they missed the mark. Also, I should add that while I was happy with the amount of "fixins" in my salad-as-entree (though the pecans were stuck together in a few big chunks), two of our party shared this salad before their entree and were disappointed with what seemed to be just a pile of leaves.When the two that ordered prime rib received their entrees -- WOW! These were big, tender cuts of meat. The flavor was a little lacking, but for a 2-for-1 special, you definitely got your money's worth. The same might not be said if we'd paid full price for each of these. The last member of our group ordered the tuna mahi appetizer as an entree; wonderful flavor, again tender, and the presentation was beautiful.We split between the group three sides: a sweet potato, baked potato, and asparagus. I don't think I've ever seen a larger sweet potato in my life! The potatoes each came with a trio of toppings. The asparagus came, as requested, drizzled with lemon juice; this is, with a little salt and pepper, the best way to eat asparagus, in my opinion.Full up, we passed on dessert and were left comfortably at our table to chat, no rush. All in all, MRKT seems best suited to big eaters and date nights -- each of you can order an entree and split one of the large-portioned sides.This is a newer casino in the northwest area of Las Vegas.  It has an odd decor to me, seems kind of 70ish with tons of brown and orange.  Everything old in new again I suppose. They have an Original Pancake House, TGIFridays, Buffet, some sort of mexican place, MRKT, a winebar and ETA lounge.  They also have a food court with things like pizza and a Johnny Rockets.  Also attached is a huge Regal Theater.  I like that if you order a pizza from them they give you a little buzzer and bring it straight to your show when it's ready.  What I didn't like about it was they refused to take my Entertainment Book coupon for tickets.  Also the menu is on a moving screen, and it can get annoying when your trying to look at it and it changes to a movie preview.  Really?  WTF?I also find that Aliante sends me tons of coupons for 2-for-1 buffets, meals, and free slot play, and honestly I don't gamble all that much to deserve such freebies.  Over all it's a nice place.  It's not my favorite Station Casino, but it's nice and right off the 2-15, so it's easy to find.Beautiful casino-hotel, nice place to chill out and eat and be with someone or group of friends.  Now the dark side of our beauty, trip time 45 to 1 hour from strip, heavy traffic during commute hours, its

Some of the changes are forward pushes and others aren't.

Average bathroom

both came with a slice of pickle

Kakimayo nice and simpleBel atmosphère. Avons apprécié ce que nous avons mangé mais sans plus.Le service se fait typiquement en anglais. Le personnel est chaleureux et accueillant. C'est bruyant car le principe est d'accueillir les gens avec des cris en japonais et la même chose quand on quitte. Ça donne un bel énergie. Il faut toutefois être dans cette ambiance.Great Japanese food but horrible service...there was no wait during dinner time on a weekend..which was amazing...as for the Toronto location..there is always a wait even on the weekday...The food is great..authentic japanese food..but just horrible customer service......we had to ask for water for couple times by waving our hands even we were sitting right NEXT to the cashier station and the sushi bar...we definitely felt ignored the whole time...we had to ask for water...it took us 5 minutes to finally have an eye contact with one of waitress to get our check.....it really surprised me    the service this place provided as this is a Japanese restaurant...Japanese restaurant is usually known for its customer service..The food is good, but I guess I expected larger portions for the regular meals that included rice portions with them for the price they were at. Our waiter was nice, but overall service is very poor and ill-managed. It wasn't busy when we came in, but they somehow were able to bring out our dishes horrendously slow and out-of-order until the restaurant was starting to fill up. By that time, maybe half of our table got their entrees, and when the other half got their food, the others had finished ages ago. Then all the appetizers, which are easier and fastest to make, were all at the end, after we all finished our meals.Food was okay but didn't deserve a 4 star. The chicken wings were especially disappointing. The umami factor was lacking. This was nowhere near that. Miso black cod was pretty good though. Service was okay. The place was loud and great drinking environment. But not so much for foodies.Don't get me wrong with the three star review - I love Kinka, but the price of the food is a bit high compared to the amount of food you get. We got three dishes to share but as well as a ramen to share and came out with a $50+ bill and not full. Its definitely more of a drink place than a dinner place. I like their food but, I just wish they had more affordable prices.Recently we had meetings here for the course of three days and I stayed two nights at the hotel. What was nice: The hotel has a very fresh modern feel to it. I would say in some ways they have copied the design of W hotels. Very modern and clean design. The swings in the lobby are a bit kitschy for me but hey what do I know of design? My room on the 16th floor had a spectacular view of the downtown core. Room was comfortable modern and the bed was very comfortable.  For our meetings the meeting rooms (Indigo) was very nice with great views and large windows to let in the natural light. The other day we were across the hall and views were equally nice but a bit less spectacular. Location in Griffintown is very central and very close to the old port and easy to get in and out of! What I didn't like: We had AV issues in the larger room and needed to call the attendants a few times. They seemed a bit miffed and never really apologized. Really for the amount of times we do meetings a year it was a pain and although they tried to help solve it was sort of " that's the way it goes" attitude which I didn't appreciate for the most part. The food was so-so. Actually our meeting planner asked for different sandwiches each day however there was salmon and chicken wraps day one. A selection of cold cuts plus chicken sandwiches on day 2,  and day 3 had chicken sandwiches again with some other pulled pork like selection.  Each day there were fresh salads and they were okay however the food was really meh! No one was very impressed in our group! We have eaten much better at many different hotels. Some in our group liked the hotel others didn't and I'm somewhat neutral on my liking of this place.  Maybe because it's new that they gave bugs to iron out. Maybe it's a young inexperienced staff? We did another meeting at the Alt in 10-30 and the experience was somewhat similar. We will keep this place in mind for the future but we will look to other locations. The fact that there is no loyalty program with Alt hotels is a big minus. Try competing with the big chains and you understand why frequent business travellers select their locations. Loyalty matters. Lack of no points or loyalty program will mean it's not on the top of our list for the future! For me my overall review is 2.75/5To be continuedThere is not much selection at this particular Orange Leaf location and I'm not a huge fan of their favors. However, they often have special deals that make getting froyo from here cheaper than getting it from other places.Their cookie dough bites taste like crap. Other than that, it was your typical frozen yogurt place.I had to return a package to Amazon today and this UPS Store is now the closest to my home. There were two clerks waiting on other people shipping Christmas items so there was s bit of a wait-very understandable at this time of the year. When it was my turn, a young woman waited on me, scanned the mailing label, gave me my receipt and I was soon on my way. I'm glad I have this new drop off place so close to home.If you're looking for an alternative to Chipotle, here you go. Nothing too special.Parkers Pgh is so so. I ate here one time for lunch, the sandwich I got wasn't bad but wasn't anything special. I ordered the Junebug vegetarian sandwich. I do like how they have quite a few different vegetarian sandwich options. And some of the sandwich combinations are different than what you'll find at other restaurants. I'll definitely go back to Parkers Pgh and give them another try. I would like to try their breakfast egg sandwiches. On a side note their prices are really good. Majority of sandwiches are $5-7.This used to be Dormont Dogs and we also loved getting hot dogs there. Just the different ideas they came up with that always tasted so good. The hot dog menu is very limited and there are several other items on the menu now. Everything was good. I enjoyed the Hello Tommy which is tomato and fresh mozerella on a bagel, it was very good and full of flavor. My wife ordered a hot dog and was not impressed, she was hoping for Dormont Dogs and it just doesn't compare. I think it is the variety that was offered before that made the place a staple. Parkers is a good dinner with fresh tasteful food though, if you are in the area and hungry.A friend and I went here this weekend after reading the great reviews (and since it is in my 'hood). I was so excited to try it! Unfortunately, it didn't exactly live up to the glowing reviews. The space is nice, very quiet and relaxing, and the service was attentive. I ordered the spicy noodles and my friend had the pad see ew. Although both dishes seemed fresh, with fresh veggies and juicy chicken, the flavor was lacking. Hers was almost completely flavorless. Mine, ordered 'hot' was also fairly bland... more of a medium spicy and lacking seasoning. I would like to and probably will try this place again, as it is close to my house, and hope that other items (such as curries and soups) are more flavorful.My sister-n-law and I ordered from here for a late lunch/early dinner. We called to see if they did delivery and were informed that the delivery guy had left for the day already. It wasn't a huge deal because the place is so close, so I biked to pick it up. They said it would be ready to go in around 15-20 min. First thing that made me nervous when I got there was I didn't see a bike rack, sign, pole, anything to lock my bike to, so I had to leave it sitting right outside the store for the world to walk off with. Otherwise, the place looked nice and clean, the lady had my order ready and was polite and quick with processing my payment. After I got home I was excited to see the food. I had ordered Chicken Spicy Noodles  (med. spicy) with an added side of sticky rice and my sis had ordered Pad Thai Chicken.Both main dishes looked delicious (a little sloshed due to the ride back) but delicious. The only 'ugh' thing was the side of sticky rice, it looked horrible. It was packaged in a little fold over sandwich bag and seemed very stiff. ((I'm not the best cook but the only time my sticky rice looked like that was when I had overcooked or reheated it wrong)). Once I took it out of the bag I feared the rice was a lost cause, I had to pry a chunk off just to try. Needless to say I was hoping that it tasted better but I was wrong there too. I ended up tossing it.The flavors of the main dishes made the loss of rice bearable. My dish was extremely good and had a very delicious heat, my sis's dish was also very tasty with a nice crunch. I would say this is definitely a good place to stop if you're nearby and craving Thai. The prices were decent and I will most likely eat here again when I've got a craving and not wanting to go out; though I doubt I'll ever get the sticky rice again - better just make my own.After reading the good reviews about this place i decieded to.Go for dinner. We were warmly greeted and, i noticed rite away how clean and beautiful the restaurant was. Nice decoorations and very comfortable seating as well as impecabley clean. Now .The waitress said they had no running water some sort of plumbing problem so no soda of hot tea. But she was nice enough to micrrowae hot water for our tea. I ordered red curry with vegetables thai hot and my companion ordered silver noodles with shrimp, medium heat. Well my curry had enough veggies and.Nice curry flavour, however it was sweet. No chilli peppers or spiciness. And my firends silver noodles were sweet and  the portion was small.  Im going to reserve myself and try this place a couple of more times before i give it my yaee or naee.

I didn't know what it was all about, wanted to try a new place and ended up here.

- A walking bridge to the Excalibur which leads to a walking bridge to the MGM Grand and Tropicana so you don't have to hit the strip to go to other hotels.

- The hanger steak was alright; a bit tough to bite into and cooked medium when requested medium rare. The fries were amazing though! They were probably my favorite part of the meal. Crispy and delicious.

No ambience, need to order at the window and are then seated with a table numberI really wanted to give this place 4 stars but the service on day 1 and day 2 was so bad that I just would not do Yelpers justice.Food is very good if you are like me and cannot eat greasy, fatty foods. definitely high quality, healthy options. Plus you can hit this place on your way out from the gym after your morning workout.The bar staff on our last day was great- wish we tried that instead of actually sitting down as would have had much better experience.And you can run into Tim Allen there as well.Thank goodness for the Canyon Ranch breakfasts. While staying in the Palazzo, we enjoyed breakfast at Canyon Ranch every day. They were very accommodating about dietary restrictions and answered questions. Also, they had no problem with my ordering just side dishes.Husband loved the mushroom and cheddar omelette, and the eggs over easy with truffle oil and spinach and leeks were fantastic.Nice strong hot coffee or green tea were served with a variety of milks (but I like mine black).Service was excellent. Water glasses were never empty. Coffee was topped off regularly, and after we'd finished our meal, waiter offered to put more coffee in a to-go cup if we wanted.This place's appeal is waning a bit for me.  I do still love that it's on the way to the gym, many of the products are organic or fair trade, and the service is friendly (albeit sometimes a bit slow).  However, some of the food seems to lack flavor, which is a bummer.  I will continue to grab a small bite before heading to the gym, but if it's a non-rushed or more substantial breakfast I'm looking for, I will head elsewhere.impeccable service. good wine selection. food is pretty much standard fair that you'd expect at a high-end french restaurant. can use some creativity.Stuffy and pretentious. That's how I would like to start this review. Be warned! The wait staff had the nerve to talk sh*t about a friend that was having a great (loud) time at our table in French. Little did they know that 2 people including myself spoke French so we became louder and stayed WAY beyond our welcome. I didn't see any other table drop $$$ on Caviar or Magnums so why tell our table to behave? Other than that, the meal was good. My favorite from the tasting menu is the Canard & Foie Gras. For $300 a head, go to Picasso instead.Like every Relais & Chteaux we've been to, this place was wonderful! We made reservations online and it was as easy as clicking some buttons, even for a long-weekend Saturday night (which we did, maybe a few weeks prior to our trip to Vegas). I believe there are two general seating times. Be sure to book the 6-6:30 pm reservation, if you have theatre plans afterwards. Oh, and most importantly, be sure to request for the fountain view. There are only three table against the French doors with max seating for four people per. On the day of our reservation, we accidentally walked into Circo. However, the sister restaurant was quick to point us in the right direction when the saw us walking in slightly overdressed for their venue. Le Cirque is tucked away next door... hehe. The hostess asked us if we needed to check in our coats or if we desired a cocktail in the bar before proceeding to dinner. We asked to have our cocktails at the dinner table, which was fine. During the course of the entire experience, the staff was very attentive. The FOOD... oh, the food. It was a SPLENDID tasting! Oh, and the wine pairing is a must have. (Who needs to pound their head trying to figure out what wine should go best with what's on the menu when the sommelier has done it for you?!)  They lavish their courses with truffles.  Perhaps, that was a low blow to get my vote, but it worked.Le Cirque gets huge points for being super vegetarian friendly, sort of.  When I was first seated, I asked the waiter what my vegetarian options were.  The only one on the menu was a mixed green salad and there was no way that I would order that for $100 dinner.  So, French-waiter-man rattled off some options and when he got to truffle pasta or truffle risotto my dining companions got all giddy.  I decided on ravioli for a starter and, based on peer pressure, truffle risotto for my main dish. The ravioli was really good, but the sauce was supposed to be herb-something and instead was butter thickened with butter (much like at Cuistot). The risotto was a large portion completely covered with truffles.  It was incredibly rich and very good, but I could only eat about 1/3, so I took the rest home. Some of the dessert options were odd - strawberry soup?  Midori melon something? They do have souffles, which one in my party ordered.  It was fine but nothing fantastic.  The coffee ice cream was fine but nothing fantastic. I had a praline mousse which was also, nothing fantastic.  I think the goal might be to be totally full by the time dessert comes because it wasn't that exciting.  Most of the petit fours received the table's approval except a yucky strawberry-marshmallow-thing.

Purple onion

Chips and guac are addicting, salsa was OK too.

- Not bad, could use a lot more flavor

2 stars for the drinks. One for customer service. Unfortunately not a fan.I was pretty disappointed.  It's bizarre to name your store BOBA CITY CAFE but have an extra .50 charge to have the boba IN the drinks. The drinks without the boba are already pricey and it's surprising that they wouldn't note the extra charge on their menu to have the boba in. Total of $4 for a medium size boba drink with boba is a bit too much. Ugh. On a brighter note, drinks were perfect, boba was the right texture...not too hard nor too soft. BUT, there are other boba stores in the valley that offers the same quality drinks with reasonable prices.Taro snow boba, fairly solid. Boba was a bit overcooked but flavor of the taro was prominent instead of watered-down, as it has been elsewhere. Drink sizes, medium and large, are generous and pricing is about average: medium is just under $5.Store itself has plenty of retro seating and offers a food menu of sandwiches and various fried snacks as well as drinks- iced coffee drinks and free wifi included.Signage posted for a free size upgrade when posting a review on Yelp- not sure if this is really kosher, should probably be a check-in deal instead of soliciting reviews but whatever. Would come back when in the area, but I'm usually not in this neck of the woods.Side note: walked up to the counter and a previous customer's wallet and sunglasses were left there. Found it odd that the cashier didn't seem to notice, but it was returned to it's owner who was seated nearby.I am honest a BLT bagel lover. This place isn't any different as another, but they do the bagels right. Prsonally I like having their BLT on an everything in the morning when I'm grabbing my chai at the Starbicks next door. Their bagels and schmear are good, too. I think it's a nice stop for a Sammie and some bagels toasted. It's not amazing, but it's nearby and the staff is friendly.It is close and convenient to my office so I decided to try for breakfast one morning but I never expect much from bagel shops outside of NY/NJ. The 2 girls working the counter didn't seem very friendly but rather interested in their own conversations which lost them a star (I'm a big fan of customer service). I ordered a plain bagel which was decent. Fresh enough to still be good to eat 3 hours later for lunch. I also ordered a power wrap for breakfast and I wasn't a huge fan. All in all, I would return for a simple bagel and cream cheese but that's about it. OH, and they sell large containers of coconut water which I liked.Great bagels but I got a dozen with two tubs of cream cheese and when I asked them to slice them, they said it would cost me an extra 2 bucks. Ridiculous!I'm not really a big bagel person but when I do come here I always get the lox. it tastes fine to me. no different than other places. the staff is pretty friendly. no real complaints about this place but nothing about it really stands out to me. I go here because it's close to where I live. would I recommend this to my friends? I'm not sure. depends how I feel that day I suppose. it is conveniently located next to Starbucks....Great size portions....had the Philly cheese steak....really good. Will definitely be back.This nice little place is a hole in the wall. Love the service and serves fresh food. It's inside cleanness is yet to be desired and the soda machine is "out of order"Eleven miles southwest of New York-New York there is a New York style bagel shop named Empire Bagels at the southwest corner of Fort Apache and Patrick. I was unaware of Empire Bagels up to the time that my Yelp friend Lea checked-in here. I was under the impression that I tried all of Vegas's independent bagel shops. Lea's check-in developed into a mental bookmark that I was going to erase the next time I was in the southwest part of the Valley.   Yesterday morning, I erased this mental bookmark at the time that I stopped here on the way to a Summerlin park adventure. The first thing that I noticed from the parking lot is that it is next to Starbuck's. What a clever concept having a bagel shop next to Starbuck's. Customers can pick up a bagel sandwich to bring into Starbuck's and others could bring in a Starbuck's coffee or Frapucino to compliment a bagel.   When I walked in, the woman working behind the counter greeted me. She let me take my time ordering off the menu displayed on the wall. I ordered a Nova lox with cream cheese, tomatoes, onions, and numerous toppings for $8.99. At 11 a.m., they were out of a handful of bagels. I was satisfied with a sesame bagel. The sandwich was good (3 stars) at the same time it fell short of the New York bagels (5 stars) that I vividly remember. The sandwich included a can of a Coke Beverage and bag of chips, which reminds me more of a Jason's Deli that authentic New York Bagel shop. New York bagel shops generally follow the practice of including either potato salad or macaroni salad plus a pickle with the sandwich. In my taste, fresh potato salad or macaroni salad tastes better than a bag of chips. In Las Vegas, the Bagel Cafe follows this practice.    Noticeably missing in Empire Bagels was the scent of fresh baked bagels. The smell of fresh baked bagels is one of the most delicious smells. It is evidence that the bagels are being made fresh and on the premises. In New York, bagel shops are also called bagel bakeries. To be fair, the scent of fresh baked bagels is missing in all of the bagel shops that I have visited then consequently reviewed in Las Vegas. The upshot was that this bagel was missing the softness and warmness of many bagels I have enjoyed up in the Empire State. If a five star New York Bagel shop was at this location, I assume it would be so popular that the Clark County Highway Department would expedite installing a traffic light at Fort Apache and Patrick.    I am happy that there is a New York style bagel shop eleven miles southwest of New York-New York. In my heart, I know there are better bagel shops 3,000 miles northeast of New York - New York. In conclusion, I  rate Empire Bagels at a 3 stars equals good.The only reason I'm giving 3 stars as opposed to 1 is because the food actually is very good and fresh. I've been here several times for breakfast and lunch with my boyfriend. We both really like the food when it's available almost every time I've been here they have been completely out of bagels( you call yourself a bagel shop).  I usually get the Tijuana Hot bagel sandwich on a jalapeño bagel which is really good. They make the food fresh right in front of you (except the bagels) I've had a few of their wraps too which were also good. So the food is great I think, I mean I've never had an issue with that, it is pricey for what you get a bagel sandwich ONLY will cost $7 no drink or side. If you get a meal you're looking at $13 and the portions are small, filling to a 5'1 105lb girl, my boyfriend usually has to get more food to feel full. BUT the environment is pretty gross, the tables are often dirty and sticky the place seems really unkempt, like they aren't really concerned about the appearance of the place at all floors are dirty and overall it just looks...well not super sanitary. Another thing is the service they are nice but not attentive, they get you your food and then they disappear. To sum it up, the food is good but you don't get enough of it for what you pay. The environment is filthy and the service is fair.For a hole in a the wall local place you would think their prices would be better than the big chain bagel places, but they are not. $3.75 for a bagel with cream cheese. Food is good but the staff is just okay. I will probably just go next door to Starbucks for a bagel or pastry from now onUncaring service. Bagels are expensive and bland along with their ingredients. I liked their interior and location though.Bagel sandwiches for breakfast or lunch- the Tijuana Hot has a tiny kick of  spice from the jalapeno schmear. BF was underwhelmed by the Brooklyn  Bomber.  On future visits,  we'd  probably both stick to the Fresh Nova lox sandwich instead. We will keep  trying different types of bagels since they're all  pretty average so far, comparable to store bought.Props for having salads available for the lunch crowd, and smart location next to Starbucks. I   like that they offer flavored spreads, but they're pretty light on actual flavor. As others have said, the bagels here aren't the best  but they don't have much competition. Service is pretty disinterested- No greeting upon entry or exit, came after their lunch rush and was served my dine-in order wrapped for takeout, which seemed like a cue to get lost even though they were still open 2  more hours.The people are nice and the facility is clean. However, trying to get an appointment and the scheduling of treatments is sub par at best. The telephone etiquette leaves a lot to be desired. When trying to cancel, reschedule or set an appointment I was put on hold several times and they never did get back to me. The three star rating is not about the therapy. It Is Totally About the Office proceedurs.i brought my car here on the advice of geico. they got my car in pretty quick and got me a comparable rental car. the repair work they did was ok and there was dust every where in side the car. not happy but not the end of the world. just wanted my car back.  but i was told to wait a month before i could wash and wax it. so after waiting the month i noticed clear coat over spray all over the car. and one of my windows had the tint scratched up. called my insurance and told them i would be in in the morning. need less to say they where expecting me. they came out checked out the car and said it would be taken care of. they did clean the car up and make it right. but you should not have to return a car because a body shop is un aware of how to mask it off.  they fixed the issues and the car looks good. hopefully this is a one time oversight.I was unfortunate enough to get into an accident with a geico driver.  Big boo! But they recommended me to get all my repairs and car rental from here.  The reviews made me very cautious about leaving my car in their hands but I thought I would give them a try.  The whole process was pretty painless.  The only downfall was the wait and the car rental.  Initially, they sat down with me and we went over the accident and damages on the car and there was an estimate on how long the repairs would take.  The estimate was pretty accurate.  Unfortunately, the car rental was a big bust! Not Gerber's fault since they used Enterprise.  (There wasn't much of a choice and it stank horribly even after febreezing like crazy everyday I used the rental :(...argh!).  The car was done within the estimated time, they did a great paint job on the car and my repairs were well enough I didn't see any damages.  I did smell paint though for a couple of days when I got the car back which I don't think I should've been smelling but it disappeared after awhile.  They cleaned the car inside and out with a thorough wash and that was a pleasant touch and even left me a goodie bag with geico stuff (cup, keychain, gym).  Very quick and painless despite being in a accident that wasn't my fault so thanks Gerber for fixing my car!! Hopefully, I won't have to go back again for another accident involving a geico driver.Had an issue with my service, but Roger was very good and listened to my concerns. His willingness and readiness to address my problems make me feel great about Gerber Collision. Thanks, Roger!alright I loooove heidi's BUT the service at this location suuuuuuuucks. I went during lunch time and it was really busy so I understand that the guys working there are moving fast on orders however the guy that made mine just completely sucked. he was really sweaty haha...I asked for a turkey and he said "tuna?" and I corrected him and said no I want turkey...what did I get? I got tuna haha. It was still good but it's not what I wanted. and before I even had the chance to correct what he made me he already called the next customer over...I didn't even have a real chance to walk away. but ehhhh whatever the sandwich was still good and I don't want to be that one bitch who holds everyone up so I didn't make a deal out of it especially since the place was packed.After craving a french dip sandwich, we consulted Yelp. Good stuff. Feels like a go in, order and eat lunch, and leave. Nothing special, just food and a place to eat it. Clean, good service, and a menu with lots of varietyService is okay, but this location's notary never seems to be there when I have something to be notarized. I recommend the Ann and Camino location instead for notary services.Come early...or you'll be in line forever.Service was fine.I was actually a little worried about coming here due to its low review rating but still decided to since I received a personal recommendation. And I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. The waiting room is small and a but cramped, but the staff is very nice and polite. They helped me with all my insurance paperwork. The office was very cold when I went there so I would've liked for them to turn the heater up. But I did appreciate talking with whoever does their billing. She was extremely helpful and even helped me maximize my benefits and came up with a great payment plan. I mean it's still a dentist office, so of course you don't naturally have positive reactions to it but I liked my experience there. It certainly wasnt a dirty hole in the wall as the previous reviews would make it appear to be. Ill be enjoying my new smile in 2013This place is a lesson in the old saying "not all that glitters is gold."  I was taken in by the many 5 star reviews online, only later to observe most of those are the review writer's sole review.  While they could be credible, this would have been a warning had I checked into it sooner.  Here's the real scoop on my experience since I actually hired these guys to install carpet in my new home.  Prior to purchase I found them hard to get a hold of.  Difficulties included that no one was at the store or answered the phone.  Eventually they explained they can be out on jobs, but they sure were not apologetic.  I managed to find some carpet to purchase and set an install up.  I did cross shop their carpet price with the box stores and I found it FAIR - not a screaming deal by any means but a reasonable price by comparison. The install was a real mixed bag and is a big part of my average review.  It wasn't that they just did an "ok" job overall but rather some things were done well and some not so much.  Some of their cutting looks sloppy and they were not very careful with my personal items.  They also were hours late showing up and took almost two full days to do a job I was told could be done in one. They also ate food which they spilled on the bare subfloor: I like to hope they cleaned it up before installing anything but it just goes to show the mindset.   Yet, they did a thoughtful job with the transitions and at least attempted to resolve some floor squeaks.  I'll try and update this in a year or two, I mean how else really can you tell how it will last.  But overall it really only looks ok.  And let's save the "best" for last; the owner so many others are in love with.  When an issue came up after they had already started the job, I ended up having to deal with Perry and when I told him I did not agree with his proposed resolution to the issue he immediately threatened to walk off the job.  The issue did end up resolved and the job completed (see above) but the threatening nature of that conversation really left a sour taste in my mouth and makes me question how they will be to deal with if any warranty issues come up, not to mention wonder whether that's the normal course of business for them.  So in sum let's say the product and install were merely ok and the customer service is very lacking.  Not a place I would ultimately recommend.had to get a cashiers check.  There were three people behind hte tellers counter but only one window open.  the line of three people essentially was begging for them to open the other two.  The tellers were just chitchatting and that's what upset me.  I had to get a cashiers check with they did with ease, and actually waved the 8 dollar fee, so that was a plus that made it an even A-ok in my book.I usually come to this location when I am pulling through the drive through ATM. On a few occasions the outdoor ATM has been out of order and I have had to use their indoor one. Standard location with good parking and location.Went here on August 1st for a consultation on laser removal.When I called this morning at around 11am, the man was very polite, and when I asked to schedule a consultation, he informed me that if I made it before 2pm that I could be seen. Awesome. The office was very clean, and well decorated, but cold.It turns out that my extremely horrible cover up that I did about 3 years ago is 30 square inches.... A part of me felt that this was a rather large number.... Because the tattoo isn't one big piece... I believe that parts of my untattood skin was part of that measurement.. seeing as how he just put a grid up to my back.  I do not remember if he introduced himself, but I'm sure it was the owner. I told him that I want a complete removal. He wasn't mean, but he wasn't overly personable... and very blunt at the same time.. My consultation was quick.....  I was in and out....I was there for ten minutes.... Maybe it's just me, but wouldn't you want more than ten minutes of discussion for a procedure like this... ?He told me that he figured it would be between 7 and 12 sessions... give or take 2 or 3 sessions ( this could be 2 less, or 2 more.)For the first square inch, they charge $45, and $25 for each additional square inch, so with my " 30 square inches", it translates to $420 a session.They have deals where if you purchase a certain amount of sessions up front, not the pay as you go, $420 a session, you get up to a 25% discount.If I were to purchase 9 sessions up front, the cost per session would be $315. I didn't ask if the monies were refundable if the number of sessions weren't needed....but since he didn't say anything about it... I'm going to guess not.He said that with some of the colors, they could be difficult, (white, yellow, light blue mixture) because light can not break them up, but he guaranteed 98%.Plus, they don't push sales. Minus, not very organized. And staff seems unhappy. Otherwise GREAT prices and good pictures. I've been going here for 10 yrs. Nobody lasts very long. I dint think they treat their employees that great. Because IF they did things probably would run smoother. Maybe management needs an adjustment. I tolerate it because it's cheap.This was my 3rd session at picture people so for the 3rd session I should get the CD. The staff was able to verify my first session, but when it came to my second session she said that they can't verify it even though I had the stamp and the date to prove it. The staff at Arden fair mall did not correctly enter my information when I took pictures there, nor did they write the correct date on my membership card so when I went to take pictures in Henderson, NV at the sunset galleria they wouldn't believe me that I was on my third session. I kept explaining to her why it may not show in the system (my sister made the reservation for my kid and hers to take pictures so it was a different phone number and name) but she would not accept it. I ended up having to call the Arden fair mall picture people on California and I called 5 times. The phone just kept ringing and no one answered. Finally someone answered and they assisted me, but still would not understand what I was telling them, almost like they didn't believe me. They finally understood and I gave my phone to Elizabeth at the Sunset galleria picture people to verify that I had been there on October 4, 2014. Finally I was able to get my CD. Everything was such a hassle that it made my experience turn into a bad one. I did not appreciate the customer service I was given. The photographer was great, but Elizabeth in the front was not.It's a car part store. And that pretty much means I was in a foreign land - and I didn't speak the language and was freaking out about my poor Elizabeth (a.k.a. my Jeep). Upon entering, the two employees were having a heated conversation (something to do with another Autozone and a customer being sent back and forth between the two stores). However, despite this, I was helped within just a couple of minutes. The employee who helped me had to be all of 16 years old (or so he appeared to me), but he was friendly enough and efficient. I was in and out with a new battery (installed for me by the employee) in about 10 minutes - and that's pretty nice.I have been here a few times and everytime I have come the staff has always been helpful for me. Although their selection can be a little lacking sometimes. I do wish there was a 24hr autozone close by to my house.I come to this AutoZone about once a month b/c it's next to my house in Silverado.  The staff here is very friendly and willing to help on anything.  They are also very fast about getting you checked out if you're just getting a few minor things.  I usually get either motor oil or some car washing stuff.  Got to keep the Audi looking good.The only beef I have with this place is they are always sold out of the 5-40 castrol full synthetic motor oil.  Since everyone in the valley needs 5-40 grade they should double down on the order from their supplier.  Just a suggestion.I'm didn't think I was really a Dress Barn kind of shopper. I was in a pinch for a decent, somewhat conservative cocktail style dress for a wedding and NYE party I was attending. I was on a SUPER budget and in a major time crunch. It was close to the holidays and I was doing everything in my power to avoid a mall (Fashion Show and Galleria) and avoid Town Square. I was feeling quite anti-crowd you could say. I came into Dress Barn (Located in the Aroyo Crossing shopping center near Michael's and Famous Footwear) after unsuccessful trips to Marshalls, Ross and TJ Max, thinking, "Oh what the heck, it's worth a shot." I was pleasantly surprised by several things. First, the cleanliness of the store and the availability of product. I thought the shelves would be empty and the store wrecked, that was not the case. Second was the quality of the clothing. Much to my surprise I found some really cute stuff, AND, they had sizes that fit me in stock! The prices were pretty decent, and the quality of the clothes was equally decent. The staff who helped me in the dressing room and during check out were not overly friendly, but they did handle the job. Wow Dress Barn, I was surprised and impressed! I guess I might need to come in here every once in a while to check out their every day and work clothes. I though Dress Barn was for "moms" turns out I was wrong. It's ALSO for young adults (just avoid the mom type stuff)! Hmmm...who'd of thunk it!Hmm, I never really had any desire to walk into a Dress Barn before. The name really doesn't seem to scream trendy and hot looking women's wear, but I was in the area and thought I'd give them a try. They have a lot of variety and the clothes were lot nicer looking than I was expecting. They also have a great variety of sizes available for any shape and size, which is nice. I didn't end up purchasing anything, but I did enjoy perusing their accessories and clothing for some time. The sales staff was friendly as well. They offered me their assistance regularly, but also allowed me to shop without bothering me too much, which is important to me.This place isnt really close to all the big named casinos, so it's really cheap. If youre willing to drive to the strip, in order to stay at the cheap hotel, this is the place to go! I stayed here with one other person for $29 for one night. Totally worth it. They gave us two queen sized beds, includes TV, AC, all the essentials. -Quick check-in service, and quick check out service.-Plenty of parking outside

The food wasn't bad but there was nothing special. I left feeling unsatisfied and wanting a whole rotisserie instead from Costco.Another "Yelpalicious Dishes" weekly lunch with Elnino F.He's the chicken man so we went to a place that specializes in the cluckins. Got a breast and wing with a side of saffron rice....they gave me an extra chicken piece so thats always nice! It wasn't that the chicken was bad, but it wasn't even warm which makes me think it's been sitting a while and they didn't bother to throw it into the heat even a little.It wasn't dry, but it wasn't juicy either. It made me sad specially since theres a guy in the front grilling these things....why didn't I get a hot one? That was what made me excited to try this place was the smoke I saw coming from it....my chicken did hit the smoke- but hours ago. Saffron rice has buttery and good. Got a watermelon drink and it wasn't very cold and it needed more sugar to contrast how sometimes watermelon gets that "green" taste to it. They have a sauce station with ketchup, bbq sauce, Red Hot sauce and then a garlic sauce, green salsa, a cucumber salad/salsa, jalapenos and baby peppers.The garlic sauce was more garlic ranch like dressing, but it worked with the meat...I still prefer the real deal garlic sauce a la Zankou chicken. Cucumber salad was a good cooldown since I was eating the peppers and it got a bit hot.The chicken was the star and without hot and juicy chicken, it can only be an OK lunch at best. I'll try again to see if I can make sure I get one piping hot, but if I can't then I'll have to bawk bawk away and find me some hot cluckin lovin' elsewhere.Where there's smoke, there's Chicken!You can see Nevada Chicken cafe from a few hundred feet away, as the smoke from their grills floats up to the clouds.  This place is perfect for a relatively healthy and quick lunch.  The prices are good, and it is a nice change of pace from many other lunch options.Go with the half chicken, and a side of the cucumber salad.  The chicken is generally moist and well cooked.  The cucumber salad consists of tomatos, red onions, and a delcious grecian vinaigrette.  I've had the salads and wraps a few times, and yes I'll agree with other reviewers that the chicken can be dry, which is why I just stick to the basics.  It's located down the street from LVAC on Sahara, so if you're looking for a quick protein fix after a tough workout, stop by Nevada Chicken Cafe, and say thank you to you wallet, body, and taste buds.Second and last time here. First time made me want to go back, but second time was disaster. Chicken was DRY, whether grilled or off the rotisserie. I missed out on a SIGNIFICANT amount of chicken because it was so dry it became stringy and inedible. Side portions are big, which redeemed the rating. Again, I won't be eating here next time I visit.The food was decent so they lose a star there.  We tried the chicken which had good flavor but was a bit dry.  The BBQ sandwich was much the same.  The ribs were killer though.  And the insane amount of side they have is awesome.  All 4 sides we tried were really tasty.They lose another star because we sat and watched person after person that ordered after us get their togo orders before they even bothered to tell us they messed up on our order.  Their saving grace was the gentleman that work the register there telling us he was sorry and gave us a free dish.I will try this place again hoping it was a fluke.Grilling outside, great lure.. the smell is incredible. Stopped in for lunch and was quite surprised. The appearence on the outside makes you think you are going into a hole in the wall. However open the door and its very spacious. The menu reminded me of a very popular spot down on Charleston. Especially since they serve chicken wraps with sides of spinach feta pasta or chicken pasta, hmmmm... Have seen those somewhere else.. The wrap was good! Tender chicken, loaded with crisp vegetables. The portion size was great, not too big or small. I got the chicken pasta as a side. It had a sweet flavor to it, not too appetizing. My friend got the spinach feta pasta which was a bit salty. My lunch with a drink was $12, a little pricey for a sandwich and 1 side and no table service. Not a bad place, but didn't taste anything that I would crave later to make me go back.The reason i tried Nevada chicken café is because of the deal they have in the entertainment book. the place serves good chicken. they grilled the food outside and smell is just so salivating. good marketing skills i must say. the fact that the food is grilled, gives u a sense of lesser guilt so u may eat more. u should applaud urself for eating something that's not fried. the saffron rice was really not that good. i was a bit disappointed that it doesn't taste anything like a saffron rice, it taste like food coloring to me.

Very basic after that.The restaurant is very normal for Chinese style restaurants. No frills.Honey Moon Duck? Yes, please. Now, I haven't had it in over 6 years, but I do remember getting it at some point in my life [OK, several -- no, make that many] points in my life, and it was good.It's Chinese Food. They have a decent dining room, they do decent entrees, and they do take-out. Are you looking for something more?No; you really just want the Honey Moon Duck [for two; and yes, you'll be eating the whole thing yourself].A small group and couldn't decide what type of food to get...so we went to Sesame.  Fun place for a small group, you can share and try different items on the menu.  The Thai items on the menu caught my eye or was it my taste buds.  Enjoyed the Pad Thai Shrimp, while the menu states it is spicy, not to much, was expecting more spice.  Sampled another Pad Thai, forgot the name, and it was not as spicy as I was expecting but good.  The Amazing Chicken turn out to be not so amazing.  It was OK but expected more.     SI is popular and I can see why.  Nice place and good service.Nice interiors ...food's just like any other chinese restaurant offeringBF and I went here at 9pm on a Friday night, when they closed at 10, and I have to say everyone was very nice, considering they probably wanted to wrap up and leave. Plus, my chicken egg roll was amazing. BF's general tso shrimp was very good. Minus, we each got a very little bowl of rice, and when we packed up our leftovers we had to ask for more rice and received very, very, little containers. Another minus/plus, the flavor of my Capital Chicken was very good, a lot of chicken, good sauce, however, for $14, I had too many questionable pieces of chicken. I expect that from a cheap hole in the wall Chinese place where you pay $7, but for $14 and being the Sesame Inn, I definitely expected more!An article I once read in the Tribune-Review said that Chinese food has gone from exotic to good old fashioned American comfort food.  It's also what you get when you're too tired to cook or when you're running around, getting last minute shopping done.  As my Cousin Cindy & I were.  We met up at the Galleria, which is kinda-sorta half way between Downtown (where I work) and Bethel Park (where she lives).  China Gate--Mark Pi's food can best be described as what you'd get in a typical strip mall Chinese place, only in a more upscale setting.  The decor here is actually very nicely done.  The food though is your everyday Americanized Chinese chow.  You've got your eggdrop and wonton soups, your eggrolls and springrolls, your pot stickers, and your typical chicken, beef, and seafood dishes here.  And of course your General Tso's Chicken.  I went for their Amazing Chicken--fried chicken in a cherry sauce with broccoli on the side.  I believe my cousin went for Orange Chicken.  And of course we each had the hot-n-sour soup and an eggroll.  The food here is good, but it's really nothing you haven't seen before.  And you'll notice that a surprisingly large number of menu items are fried.  On the whole, if you're in the mood for some Chinese, or if you want something else besides chain places, you'll get a decent meal here.Eh, I wasn't crazy about this place. My sesame shrimp was just ok and nothing exciting. The same could be said about the almond puff dessert. The steamed dumplings were pretty good, though. The service was not great at all. Weirdly enough it's inside the Galleria right above Dragonfire in an open loft.Looking to see what China Gate had to offer, I stopped by on a recent Monday night with a friend. The decor is pleasant and the set up is nice- being open to the other levels of the Galleria allows for an interesting view. We were one of only 3 tables occupied in the restaurant. The menu is quite large with many Chinese and Japanese selections. I decided on the edamame and the teriyaki chicken. The edamame arrived quickly. Standard, not much to report there. Within a few minutes, my teriyaki arrived. It was described on the menu as being a healthy choice though I question how accurate that is as it was heavily coated in sauce. The accompanying veggies (cabbage, carrots, etc) were crisp and flavorful. Now for the reason for 3 stars. The food was average. It did not excite or disgust me. The waitress was not very professional or attentive. Little things throughout the meal such as her giving me a box rather than boxing my leftovers, forgetting to fill waters and sitting at the bar eating and talking to the bartender when we left, will result in me going elsewhere when seeking to satisfy a Chinese craving.I was actually surprised whenever I checked into China Gate and it had a lower than average rating. I was curious as to how my meal was going to be because I've had some bad Chinese before.My friend Brandi & I did painting with a twist at the Galleria during the mall's art week. She had been to China Gate before and explained to me how cute it was, so we both agreed to eat here. The restaurant is upstairs in a loft-like area of the Galleria and you can see some of the mall from here.My friend and I weren't extremely hungry and we noticed that the plates were pretty large, so we decided to split a plate of general tso's. We also ordered white rice as a side and egg rolls for appetizers. No complaints on the food. It wasn't bad at all. The only spotty thing was i had track down the server for a water refill when my water was empty for awhile and there were only a few other people in the restaurant. Other than that (which honestly isn't a big deal at all) it was satisfying,Oh, there is also a full bar [thumbs up emoji]My hunt for the perfect wedding dress took me all over the city and beyond. I was definitely not the "first dress you put on is the one" kind of girl. I needed to shop around (A LOT} to find "the one." I feel justified saying that if you're about to drop a good amount of money on a beautiful dress you're only going to wear once on a pretty important day, you should have suburb service. I'd say service here was adequate. I wouldn't say they were incredibly friendly but they were efficient and my dress came in on time and the fittings all went without any hiccups. In the huge bridal stores like MB Bride in Greensburg, you feel like a number. They hassle you in and out like cattle. I know it's a huge store, so there's a lot of traffic, but I wanted a more personal experience for something this special. That's why I feel like a boutique experience is the way to go when choosing a bridal gown. I also liked the huge selection of dresses. They carry designers such as Maggie Sottero, Lazaro and Jim Hjelm. You can choose from the whole spectrum of classy to couture bride. I've actually been in here a couple times after my wedding and it always seems like they're up on the latest in bridal fashions. *Important note: You absolutely MUST make an appointment to see any dresses. Especially at peak bridal time...which is almost all year except winter at this point.I enjoyed my visit to Bridal Beginning. I would say, though, my appointment was a bit rushed. I went in the middle of the week and would expect this pace on a busy Saturday.The woman that was helping me worked quickly, which was appreciated, but went too quickly to the point I didn't feel as if my desired style was understood. The salon was beautiful and it appeared there were many dresses to choose from (I tried on about 6 dresses in my appointment). Overall, the appointment was OK but not fantastic.This was one of my stops for my wedding gown search. We called prior and made an appointment. My consultant was Lisa. She was beyond generous and really knew her stuff. We went on a weekday afternoon, so we were the only ones in the store. I showed Lisa what type of dress I wanted, and she pulled as many as she could off the racks to show me what they had, and what they could add to the dress I was specifically looking for. We were in the store for about 2 hours trying on dresses. In my opinion, they were a little pricey and the quality didn't seem to be as great as they should've been for the price tag on them. One dress I did like was being discontinued, so it was half off. I did like it, however, they said they wouldn't clean up the dress, it was coming "as is." If I am paying for my wedding gown, I do want it spotless, not something everyone has tried on.The location was a bit far for us, which was another reason why we didn't end up buying a dress here. The store seems a little outdated as well. However, if you look here ask for Lisa! I have never had better customer service!WTF?  How does this place get so highly rated on Yelp?  It's not awful, but it was one of the most mediocre brick-oven pizzas I've ever eaten.  There's much better "fancy" pizza in Pittsburgh, and much better regular pizza, too.  The antipasto plate was good, but definitely not worth the $15 they charge for it.  Decor's not bad, but the space is a little noisy; service was pretty average, below what I'd expect for a $15/person place.  Long story short: unless you're in the neighborhood, you can get better Italian elsewhere in the 'burgh.P.S. This is yet another Pittsburgh establishment that doesn't take credit cards.  Seriously, is the whole city in a 1995 time warp?  (...Or are all of these places just cheating on their tax bills?  It's a lot harder to hide check and credit card transactions from an auditor.  With cash, you just need to hide a few receipts.)OK, I must say that I do love their Pizza. The DOC Marg pizza is truly amazing. Also, the wine bar is quaint and the patio is a delight in the summer. However, the prices are so high for the food that I have stopped going. $17 for a indiviudal pizza? The wine selection also has gone down in quality and up in price. If you have money to burn, then head there for the Pizza and ambiance. Othwerwise let's hope they come to their senses about their pricing.Wood fired Neapolitan pizza and pastas.   Love the Wine Bar.  Many Italian wines to try, although a little pricy. The Wine Bar is in the building in the back, go thru the back door and up the steps.  They have a little fire place with one log burning.  Nice place to sit and sip wine.  Had to wait to be seated in the restaurant so went to the wine bar and met a few different people - the people were all very friendly and made it seem like we were regulars.  Had the Doc Margherita pizza. It was very good with fresh buffalo mozzarella and basil.  Have been here a few times and have tried some pasta's and other pizza's and have found some to be very good but others were rather bland...so the consistency may not be there.  Il Piz. does have a quite a few different specialty style pizza's and seem to have mostly fresh ingredients.I can see why people really like this place and return.Service was fine for a crowded restaurant.  Was a little loud.Alright, so I had a mixed experience at II Pizzaiolo. We went here while visiting Pittsburgh to celebrate a birthday.The restaurant is small, seating is quite close together, and noise level is probably a little high to carry on a meaningful conversation without your table neighbor overhearing all the details.I think we may have been a bit under dressed. I would say "snappy casual" would have appropriate. We were not looking quite that snappy.Anyway, we ordered an antipasta platter with cured meat, cheese, olives, fava bean spread, and some roasted veggies. Pair that with an excellent bottle of red wine. It was amazing! Surely enough food there for both of us to eat for dinner but we wanted to try the pizza.Unfortunately, less than 10 min after our huge appetizer came out our server delivered the pizza to our tiny table where there wasn't any more room and we were clearly not ready for the next part of our meal. So, we let the pizza sit there.When we got ready to eat the pizza it was cold and the crust was rubbery. When our server returned we explained the trouble with the pizza and he promptly got us a fresh one. This was a very nice gesture and promptly rectified the fact he never should have delivered the first one when he did.The crust on the second pizza was still rubbery. The platter and wine were by far the best part of the meal. Overall the evening was enjoyable but I don't think I would order the pizza again.I would give this place 5 stars for their food because their food is very good. I got their Linguini vongole which was done perfectly and my brother's daily special (bucatini with braised pork) tasted fabulous. The ambiance is ok - it's romantic but definitely a bit too noisy but what do you expect out of a space so small. As nice as my waiter was, they didn't time our foods right (brought entrees out while we were still eating our appetizers) and they started to cleared the table when not everyone at the table was finished.  This wasn't that big of a deal but when you're at a trendy restaurant, you expect a bit more than what you'd see at the Olive Garden. Also, if you get annoyed with yuppy moms who bring their newborns and 3 yr old kids that 'behave really well', this place will get on your nerves. I got cut in line placing my name in for a table by some lady who felt entitled to cut in front of the several other ppl waiting bc she had a baby with her. Then I went to the back bar area where half the bar stool seating and the sofa sitting area was being taken up by children under 4 and baby carriages. Just beware of the self entitled yuppies that frequent this place and every nice restaurant on Washington Ave. the experience will lower your dining experience as it did mine!Mt. Lebanon is such a cute little town! I was so happy we chose to eat dinner there, especially when we got a great, people-watching table right next to the window. Very relaxing before our 5-hour drive home the next day.Il Pizzaiolo has a great, rustic atmosphere. Dark wood, tan walls, delicious pizza smells. And a full bar. Very important.The service was eh. It took the waitress at least 10 minutes to greet us and take our drink order, another 5 to get drinks and tepid water for the table. (Ew, chill the water. I know you're going for a Euro atmosphere but you're not in Europe. Chill the damn water.) The appetizer got there after another 5 and then the pizza took forever. I don't know how since the menu claims they're cooked in 30 seconds in the wood burning oven. But no matter. On to the review.T got a beer and I got a mimosa. They were out of the peach juice that usually goes in a mimosa so it was made with blood orange juice instead. Delicious. For our appetizer we ordered a sort of potato stick with cheese mixed in. Forget the exact name and they don't seem to have a website where I can check. They were ... okay. A bit bland truth be told but the Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top helped a bit. There was no salt and pepper on the table and our waitress was a bit absent so we sucked it up and ate the bland potato stick things.However, the pizza improved a somewhat mediocre appetizer. We got the Diavolo with spicy salami and chili flakes. Amazing. The crust was thin and chewy and not too black on the bottom. The cheese was salty and creamy and the salami was spicy and really tasty. Much better than pepperoni in my opinion.I suppose it's a good spot if you're in the mood for Italian. I'm sure there are better in the Pittsburgh area.The location is super. The outdoor patio and wine bar are great. I think the pizza is not good due to the soggy crust. We have been their many times and every time I ask for crispy crust and get soggy.Tucked in a corner table in their wine/back house location was cozy given the rain pour happening outside. I ordered a chianti to start and then we ordered the vegetable app dish to share, which were both good. For my main meal I ordered the margherita DOC pizza based on the reviews. Delicious, fresh flavors though my pizza was a bit soggy which was a bit of a downer given the raves. However I would be interested in coming back and making sure that wasn't an anomaly.I'm a little torn on how to rate this restaurant.  There were several items that were really good, but yet there were a few areas that left a bad feeling in my mouth.The arancini - the Sicilian and Neapolitan Fried Rice Balls - were top notch and I would get over and over.  There were four little fried balls of risotto that were so good.  We also had the insalata misticanza - which they graciously split in half for us.  It was your typical salad.We then had the cavatelli con rapini - with sausage and rapini - as well as the bucatini all'amatriciana - with Guanciale and onions.  Both dishes had unique flavors.  However, the cavatelli came out luke warm and I had to send it back to be warmed.  It also had too much sausage - it more than dominated the pasta.So - that's the food review.  As for the staff - it left a little to be desired.  First off - we had a reservation and I had requested an outside seating on the phone.  In essence, they told me they don't take reservations for the outside - it's first come first serve when you get there.  So - when we got to the restaurant I asked and they told me that it would be a good 30 minute wait.  So we sat inside.  Then after we ordered our drinks, I went to look at the patio b/c I had heard it was very nice...and there were several open tables.  I didn't understand where our 30 minute wait was.  Then when I get back to my table, I see the waitress seating a couple outside...who came in after us.  If it's first come first serve for the patio - how come it was a 30 minute wait for us, but not for the other couple?  I just felt that they might have catered to people who were their 'regulars'.  On top of that - our waitress wasn't always the most attentive.While the food was good (once it was warm), I'm not sure I would come back due to the other factors.To my left, two Godfathers and a metrosexual. In front of me, a curious assortment of people discussing comparative religion (but mostly the new Pope). In front of me, a glass of lovely Barbera and a thin crust pizza with smoked provolone, basil and cherry tomatoes. The smoke flavor is overwhelming, the sauce insipid and the crust so weak that all the bits fell off my first slice. It is, in this New Yorker's opinion, a major pizza fail. BUT! It's a great Pittsburgh effort and for that reason I give it three stars. The service is stellar, and the effort admirable. Go. Order the antipasti (it looks beautiful) and keep the pie simple. And order some wine.II Pizzaiolo has long been on my radar as a new place to try.  Who doesn't love a little Italian?  (Well, I divorced one, but that's a whole 'nother story not fit for Yelp).  So, when I got the chance to show up here, I was very excited!We made a reservation for a weekend afternoon, so not necessary, BTW.  The interior is shall we say cozy?  We got our pick of tables.  Service was meh.  Our service acted bored until we mentioned that this was our first visit, then we were given her high energy sales pitch, "delicious food created using old-world techniques and the high quality ingredients.  Most menu items are hand-made and if they are not, they are imported from the best sources".  Did she forget anything?  I hope not!  Wait, there is more, "the mozzarella is direct from Naples".  That's more like it, gf, show some enthusiam!Lots of great choices on the menu!  BJ got the Chicken Cacciatore and I got the lasgana.  Our server warned us of the extra wait time for my meal.  No problem, I was willing to wait for this classic homemade dish!  Unfortunately, it did to live up to my expectations.  First off, it was served lukewarm.  Back to the oven for my dish!  It was a little better the second time around.  Nothing special about the sauce or meat.  BJ liked his dish, too.  But really nothing special.All in all, a decent meal.  Maybe we ordered the wrong things.  But we had nothing that we would make us want to go back.They no longer cut your pizza for you.  Instead, they give yiu a "pizza knife".  Trust me when I say it is barely better than a butter knife.  The server explained that the no longer cut their pizzas b/c it makes the crust go soggy quicker if it is cut.  I'm sorry, but that is just plain LAME!  I guess I will have to bring my own!We live close by and wanted to check this place out. Nothing was overly amazing but the food was decent. Decor is your typical Tuscan style and the wood fire oven is interesting to watch. I had one of the veal dishes which reminded me a lot of Chicken Marsala and cost $28. There were no sides, salad and even bread to go with the meal but the size of my portion was ok. The only issue I had, besides the high cost, was that my meal had no surprises.  It was a very simple dish and for $28 I would expect something more complex. The sauce was everywhere, overpowering the cheese, prosciutto and mushrooms and there was nothing to counter it. A vegetable or anything would have improved the meal and helped me get through the overwhelming taste of the sauce.  My husband had the lasagna which was very good but cost $19 and I know it did not fill him up. Again it was simple in design and we were expecting something more coming from an Italian background.  Maybe my family is full of over-achievers, so my opinion may be harsh but for the type of food they are creating the price is outrageous. If prices were lower my review would be higher and I say this with years of dining experience in Mt. Lebanon. For the same amount you would be better of going next door to Bistro 19, one of the upscale restaurants in the area. In my opinion, they have a far better menu, it is creative, hearty and the atmosphere is trendy. We went there this summer and I loved everything about the place. Even though it's on the expensive side, Bistro 19 is definitely worth it.I have mixed feelings about the food here. On the one hand, they use very fresh ingredients, and they bring some obvious skill to the kitchen. The salads are excellent, and the toppings for the pizzas are of very good quality. These pies leave something to be desired, however, and I think it's that they're not cooking the tops of the pizzas enough. The bottom of the pies have the requisite dark char and uneven black spots that we've come to expect from a wood fired hearth oven, but the tops of the pies aren't cooked enough. I know at some places they lift the pies to the top heat source of the oven before pulling them out, and this gives them that final bubbly cheesy goodness that we all love. They don't do that here, and the pizzas lack a certain unctuous and gooey quality that I like. The dough is also a bit thick and not crispy enough. As I mentioned, the salads are great. I especially like their Caesar, which has just the rich acid/oil balance, super fresh romaine, a bit of garlic, anchovies that aren't too fishy, and good quality cheese to top it off. I was unaware until my most recent visit that they have a patio and wine bar in the back. The patio is a courtyard, so no street traffic to bum you out on nice warm days, and the wine bar has table seating and a more adult, relaxed atmosphere than the seating in the front. It's also dark and cozy, so perfect for a cold winter night. The pizza doesn't quite hit the mark for me, and I wish it did, as I really like this spot.Just not what I expected. Pizza was weak. Under baked.  Sauce was lacking.  Crust was way to soft.  And service could of been better. $500.00 bill says it all. Meatballs were good and warm bread was good. Light and crispy like the pizza crust SHOULD of been. Over priced for the quality.  Mediocre.  Slanted outside table made relaxing uncomfortable.Everything was pretty average to be honest. Service was good, server was attentive and knowledgeable. But the food did not live up to my expectations, especially the pizza. Given this place is known for its pizza, I was a bit let down, average italian pizza at best. The homemade pasta was nothing to write home about either. Ordered the tortelloni and capelletti. Pasta was too doughy for a fresh made nor the fillings were very flavorful. Everything was also a bit too pricey for what you are getting. 3 stars for food

Disappointed I ate it anyway, was hungry after 20 minute wait. I will return, I just won't order that item again.Very good food and friendly staff. However, the location is tough to get to from any area of town. And, the place is super packed most of the day so it is hard to get in there. Generally, there is a line around the corner on most lunch days, which is a testament to the quality of the food.What I like the most about this place is their creative use of sauces. Instead of high-calories mayonnaise based sauces, they use homemade yogurt based sauces. This lowers the calorie count by a lot and makes it a much more light meal. Unfortunately, I cannot go to this location very often because of the wait to get in around lunch time.If they were in a better location and had a larger facility, I would give this five stars for the food and staff.I really wanted to LOVE SkinnyFATS the way so many friends & family do but it just didn't do it for me.  I've been there 3 times & I haven't found that one thing that really sticks out for me to keep me coming back.The 1st time I went, I had the chicken & waffles.  It was alright.  The chicken was seasoned & fried nicely without it being overly greasy.  The waffle was fluffy but that's where I had a problem.  It was almost too soft.  I had a hard time cutting it up.  It kept tearing & falling apart.  The idea was awesome & had the waffle not been that consistency - maybe more crisp - I would've loved it.  As for a drink - I ordered a mocha.  The 1st mocha I got tasted like burnt coffee.  No chocolate flavor at all.  I asked that it be replaced.  The 2nd mocha tasted like the 1st.  I got a bit of attitude when I explained that it tasted the same & I was in a rush to go, so I didn't bother asking for a replacement.  I just drank some of their complimentary fruit/veggie infused water.The 2nd time I went, I had the red velvet waffle.  I wanted to see if all the waffles were the same as the one with the chicken...plus it's red velvet with cream cheese frosting - who doesn't want that, right?  That would be me.  The consistency was the same.  Too soft, kept tearing apart.  Reminded me more of a shaped pancake more than a waffle.  The cream cheese frosting was good but between the frosting, the chocolate chips & the waffle itself, it was a bit much for me.  This time I ordered a straight coffee so that the mocha incident wouldn't repeat itself.  It was ok.  Your regular coffee.  Nothing exceptional about it.  This time my boyfriend actually joined me & I tried some of his food as well.  He got a wrap from the healthy side & some truffle tries.  The wrap wasn't bad but the fries were delicious!  He got a soft drink which we were both impressed by.  We liked the variety of soda flavors & that it wasn't your typical fountain selection.The 3rd time I went, I decided to try the drunken monkey pancakes.  I figured their waffles reminded me of pancakes so maybe they exceeded in the pancake department.  They were good.  VERY sweet.  Very rich.  The bananas, marshmallows, chocolate sauce & everything on top together worked better than I thought.  I could only finish 1/2 the order because of the sweetness & I think next time, I'd ask for no marshmallows (not a huge fan).  The bacon on the side was actually my favorite part of the whole dish.  Mmm...bacon.The service was alright. Friendly (except for the mocha issue) & fairly quick given the fact that they are always busy.  If I had one suggestion, it would be to use BOTH cash registers when you're packed.  Each time I went in, there was only 1 girl taking orders/working the registers.  I'm sure I'll end up back there at some point.  Hopefully I find something I really love otherwise it's bacon, truffle fries & fountain drinks for me. Ha.Heard a lot about this place from family and friends and decided to try it out. Decided to get the Chix on Broadway sandwich that looked amazing. Great portion size for the price and the staff was very helpful and friendly. The reason I'm giving this place 3 stars for now is even though the sandwich looked amazing and the chicken was cooked to perfection, the sandwich was also bland. No seasoning and other than the onions I couldn't taste much else. I'm definitely planning to go back and try some of the breakfast items and probably change my rating but for now it's 3 stars.It was my first time trying SkinnyFats and I was really excited about it since a lot of my friends have raved about it. Love the concept of being able to choose the "healthy" or "happy" side of the menu. To no surprise I went with the happier side of the menu. I ordered the Bomb Diggity and my friend ordered the Chick-A-Waffa-Dopolis. To me, it was actually pretty bland. Nothing exciting or unique about it. I love chicken and waffles, and I've tried different versions of it. Because of how interesting the menu was, I expected something a little more than just some pieces of fried chicken on top of a Belgium waffle. Even though it didn't meet my expectations this time, I wouldn't hesitate to come back and try something else. The staff was very welcoming, and I loved the outdoor seating. So cozy with the hanging lights from above!I was split between Holsteins Shakes and Buns or SkinnyFATS for a Sunday dinner. A friend who came from out of town decided we tried SkinnyFATS. We both never had dine in either places. So, it didn't matter which place, but pics for SkinnyFATS on Yelp   were enticing! We came in and line was just starting to get busy at around 6pm. I ordered the Chix on Broadway with a side of truffle fries. Our order came in a timely manner. I was first impressed that the chicken to bread ratio was pretty darn good! The breaded chicken breast was huge than normal. It was also very moist. However, taste was not there. To me, the breaded chicken was bland. The toppings that came with the Chix on Broadway were BLT, cheddar, red onion, and lemon herb aioli. All these toppings didn't help with the chicken being bland. Also, I prefer my bacon cooked crispy. I don't know if they cook their bacon not crispy all the time. Hey, but it's an easy fix! Ask to cook it crispy then?I chose the truffle fries as my side that came with the meal. The fries were served barely warm and the fries were not the best I've had. Overall, I will try SkinnyFATS again for a second visit. I hope to come in when they are not that busy. The staff was friendly and helpful. Till then, hope to update for a better review and choose other creative selections on their menu :)i was a bit confused as to why this place is called "Skinny Fats" thinking everything will be healthy much like "LYFE Kitchen." I learned from the cashier  that for every food item, they provide the "skinny" (healthy) versus "fat" (happy) version of the same dish. At least, that's what I think the girl was saying...Great thing is you can get breakfast all day here and i was craving for some waffles and fried chicken at 10p.m. CHICK-A-WAFF-A-DOPOLIS -- 1 star.  Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I don't know if they bake it or how they seasoned the breading for the chicken tenders, but I didn't enjoy the flavor one bit. I ate 1 out of 5 chicken strips. The waffle was also an OK. I asked them  if it was some type of "skinny" recipe because it lacked in flavor and texture was a bit odd. Apparently, I was eating regular buttermilk waffles. Looking back, it may have been that I didn't get to slab on a ton of butter like the true fattie way of life, and dunk it in some full fat maple syrup. Hey, if I'm going to order off the "FAT" side of the menu, I'm gong to go big or go home. THE ORIGINAL burger - 4.5 star.I don't know if it's cuz I was eating some mediocre chicken strips and waffles immediately prior, this burger made my night. I was confused once again, what was "healthy" 'till my brain kicked in and I realized this item was listed under the "FATS" (or "happy?") section. Hence, it's a NORMAL burger, with bacon, sauce, cheese, and avocado on a brioche bun. Truffle fries- 1 star. Is this supposed to be the "fat" version, because it sure tasted like a "skinny," i.e. not as good as what fries or better yet, truffle fries normally taste. Service- Great cashiers that are super enthusiastic to be working there. So...I'm still a bit confused about the SkinnyFATS concept. There's a lot of semantics going on with them interchangeably replacing the words "skinny" with "healthy" and "fat" with "happy." So wait, the "skinny" stuff makes one healthy, but not happy?  I went through a whirlwind of confused states trying to make sense of what was going on when I was ordering, and it continued to persist as I ate parts of my meal.  On a brighter note, I guess I can share a meal at the same restaurant with my vegan, vegetarian, "skinny," and "healthy" friends while I shamefully order from the "fat" menu and stay "happy." Speaking for myself, I'd go somewhere else to eat a healthy meal, because it's just too dang tempting to see the non-healthy options alongside. And as for eating some fatty, happy, meals, I'd go somewhere else to "get my fattie on."I'm not sure what all the hype is about...The asian theme burger was really wet and hard to eat, and wasn't amazing flavor wise compared to the Umami burger the dish was meant to mimic.  My date got the chicken and waffles, which were OK, but nothing special (and lets be real, chicken and waffles are kind of hard to mess up.)The service was about what you might expect from a place like subway, with the ordering happening at a front counter, and the reception of a number.  We didn't get silverware or condiments on our table, and had to go in search of those things ourselves.  We didn't see the waitress at all, really, until we dropped the tip on the table, even though it was late and we were one of about 3 tables currently in use.I'm a big soda fan, and they had some really good original recipe stuff on tap.  Everything from creme and orange soda to root beer and some kind of red velvet thing.  I tried and enjoyed all of them, and if there was anything that stood out it would be the soda.The idea behind the restaurant is an interesting one, but I didn't really see the appeal.  I don't plan to come back, but I wouldn't be mad if friends were to ask me to meet them there.This location is brighter and more spacious than the Dean Martin counterpart- menu is the same at both locations, quality is good but not great, and pricing is kind of all over the place. There are several good deals to be had, but some may find the menu pricey for the portions. Menu includes healthy options and more standard restaurant fare, plus juices and breakfast all day.I've had their fish tacos (both versions) before, but a healthy-side staple for me is the Nice to Greek You flatbread: plenty of toppings, good mix of flavors, portion is a big lunch or enough for leftovers later. Underwhelmed by the side of truffle fries. They're a generous portion, and crispy, but have very little flavor. I do wish they had a garlic fry option because I think they'd rock. A "side" of fries should be less than $3.50 and not big enough for an entire table to share, cut the portion and price to something more reasonable.Staff are usually pretty friendly. Decor is trendy-rustic, kind of like an indoor picnic. Multiple seating areas, cool place to meet up with friends. Choose your food carefully, IMO many dishes have too much going on but there are some really solid options hidden in there.Honestly this place is overrated very mediocre. My happymess fries were just ok. My friend had the wrap superstar and both were lacking flavor. Very good service though. Just not amazing foodI really want to like this place but I just cannot. I am so blown away but all the rave reviews but every time I've had mediocre food at best. I've given this place three separate chances and each time has been a disappointment. The girls taking orders are always very friendly and the experience starts off great! Then the food comes and I got a sandwich off of the heathy side both times and a salad another time. Maybe those items are just hit and miss but they weren't great. The food runners are always very inconsistent with service. They ask you if you need anything else and then totally forget to bring you that item.  This place has such a cool atmosphere and the outdoor seating alone is three star worthy. Each time it was an insanely gorgeous Vegas day so we throughly enjoyed eating on their patio.Skinny Fats is a really neat spot and I am so glad they opened a location near our place. I have gotten most everything on the "Healthy" Menu, and have indulged several times on the "Happy" Menu (Ok maybe more than several times ;)) I have to say that I don't feel like I am eating "healthy" food because all of the items on the menu are so tasty and don't feel like they are missing cheese or butter aioli. However, when I eat the "happy" menu, while I am very happy I also feel very heavy! haha. But what I love about this place is that when I am on a mission to get healthier, we can still dine here and my husband can order off either menu and doesn't feel like I am forcing him onto my diet. The only thing I can say is that I don't think the location is as good as Dean Martin, but the lines are definitely shorter which is a plus! And I think the menu could be enlarged and the prices reduced. Case in point, the buffalo cauliflower is very tasty and healthy, but it is over $6 for a handful of Cauliflower. Compared with an ahi taco for a similar price which is way more filling and made with more expensive ingredients. I would suggest more consistency in their prices. However, this is a good restaurant and I will continue to enjoy it there!I must say, my dining experience left me a tad bit disappointed. I live in Southern California and have several friends that have had relatively, pleasant, sanguine dining experiences here. I've long since seen photographs of SkinnyFATS' entrees on Instagram and was intrigued enough to visit their website to get a better feel of what this place had to offer. The contradiction in the restaurant name, I found amusing, inviting. It sparked curiosity inside of me so great, across the state line I went, hungry to delve into the enigma that is "SkinnyFats." I really wanted to like to this place.I ordered two items, one from the "happy side" and one from the "healthy side." I had both their "Happymess Fries" as well as their "Skinny Q." My order came to over twenty-one dollars with no beverage. The Happy Mess Fries, I found to be particularly pitiful. The menu claimed them to be truffle fries, an item, I'm not exactly sure they are knowledgeable in its essence. The shoestring fries were topped with New York Strip streak, pico de gallo, and bleu cheese. I suppose the food delivered, as what I received were bland fries, chunks of tomato, onions, cilantro, large chunks of salty blue cheese, and a single sliced canned jalepeno at the bottom of the *hapless mess.What the fries were missing were a sauce--something to tie it all together, as opposed to being ingredients simply mountained on top of one another. They have ketchup and Cholua conveniently situated on the table, none of which did anything to remedy the hapless situation. Give me something creamy; give me a house made sauce with my fries. (2/5 Stars)The Chicken Flatbread was alright. There was nothing memorable about my meal. I look back and think, "Meh, I've experienced better", although I found it to be "A-Ok", which is why I am giving this dish three stars (3/5). As for tips to improve the flatbread, I'd first recommend, seasoning the chicken. Again, season the chicken. If you didn't catch it the first time, season the damn chicken. Also, it'd be nice if you shredded chicken on my flatbread, so I don't have to take mouthloads of your bland chicken to the back of my pharynx all at once. At least give diners the opportunity of masking the bland chicken with the agave barbecue and ranch you've got below. (I'm on your side here). Also, portion size; on my flatbread was perhaps a single ounce of poultry. I have no problem getting dressed in the dark to put food into my stomach, but priced at $9.50, I felt robbed. "Where exactly did the ten dollars that I payed go towards?", I sat bemused in thought upon receiving my meal.(Don't worry, below I have attached photographs to document my accusations.)

-It took over half an hour to check in due to the extremely long line, and only 3 people working the counter. For the love of mike, PLEASE plan your staffing to accommodate a Friday check-in. This long line meant we had to forego having dinner before our concert

--crabcakes

623~326~3736Good location,  fast,  friendly but very small selection.  I prefer having my medicines weighed out in front of me.  Nice to see older clientele as well.

We're happy customers.

The server did his best within what they had available, but it didn't turn out to be a meal worth the high price tag. His efforts are the only thing keeping it above two stars. However, it has the lowest price tag of the seven restaurants listed for fountain-watching, all the rest being listed as $50+. If you're going for the fountain, again, definitely go for the outdoor table even if it's an extra wait.You can't skip out on a vegas trip without fine dining, and Olives is a prettyyyy good place to get that fine dining experience.  There's also plenty of seating with the view of the water show.  This place isn't just Mediterranean, but they also offer steaks and pastas!The onion bread and sesame crisps were a good start.  They were both flavorful but the bread was so salty that I had to down my water after.  The tapenade was great and very interesting (my first time trying it) but it was on the saltier side as well so I couldn't get myself to add more salt to my bread...All the appetizers seem like they can be eaten as a light meal. I had the tuna tartare and it was stuffed with so much tuna!  The cucumber salad on the bottom of it was so refreshing and the shrimp inside was tasty as well.The gnocci was a little softer than I expected and the "duck breast" tasted like ham.  I like ham and all, but duck is my favorite meat and when I order duck, I expect duck.I'm a little sad that I missed out on the carpaccio which has great reviews, and fig flatbread (because I loooove fig jam and fig on flatbreads) so I am definitely going back for that.this is a pretty fun place to go... well i am saying this as someone who went after consuming a few too many beverages so my opinion might be a little skewed, but seriously who in vegas doesn't have too many drinks!  it was entertaining, the drinks were good  and i liked the music.  I'm pretty sure it was fun ;)  i would go again.I cant say that I was too impressed with this venue.  If you are expecting to go here to club, you will be sorely dissapointed.  The place is more of a giant bar with a small dance floor and flying go-go dancers hanging from the ceilings.  The bar is amazing but it was simply too small.  I agree with a lot of the reviewers, go before 10 to avoid paying cover.  It is not worth paying cover for this place unless its free.GAH. Hot and SWEATY.  show off bartenders means they're more concerned with showing off their skills and taking their time with the drinks rather than actually giving you your drinks.  WAAAAAAAY tooo small of a dance floor but from what I remember good music and decent looking people as well.Music sucked, pretty much... or at least the DJ and I weren't on the same wavelength.   However, it being my Bachelor Party, my buddies kept bringing me drinks, I kept trying to dance like a total fool on the dance floor, all the while looking at the beautiful women dancing in cages.  Put in that perspective, that's worth a solid 3 stars in my book.... 

HANDROLLS: Available at about $5/pop, spicy or non, these can be removed from the menu. Fish is fresh but the rolls themselves are basic, nothing special, and a little overpriced. Stick to classic apps like gyoza or edamame. Service from bartender Jacqueline was friendly and quick, overall the staff seems to run a tight ship and everyone was in a really positive mood. I didn't partake of the whiskeys offered but they seem to have a decent drink menu. HH includes an $8 ramen and beer special, might return to try that out.New place in town with Ramen and Whisky. We were sold pretty easily.First things first. Kind of out of the place location. But, if you have good food, good drinks and a good atmosphere; you'll find a way to do well.The service was good. It was packed when we went late on Friday night, so we were seated at a high top by the bar. The bartender had to come around and serve the tables. So it wasn't as fast. The food:The sausages. Honestly? It tasted like regular hotdogs to me. I wasn't a fan, but my boyfriend was. I was expecting it to be like gourmet sausages. Nope. The pork pot stickers. Yum. And the soy sauce they used seems way more garlicy. Yum. The ramen: I had the thick noodle w/: Tonkotsu, the regular fixings with extra pork. It was very good. only thing is the broth wasn't as flavorful as I was hoping. It was good ramen. Overall, this place is pretty cool. They had a DJ that started around 9ish? It was pretty fucking loud though, so be prepared for that if you go at night if they have this setup. It's a nice place, the decor is awesome and it was busy. Excellent sign compared to the last place. It's just hard to beat the ramen that is on Spring Mountain.I go to itsy bitsy once in a while, but I usually like to have more than just a bite. Usually the food is on point and I enjoy myself. Tonight was quite the opposite. Showed up at 10:15 to order 2 appetizers and 2 hand rolls (to go), only to be told the kitchen was partially closed. I changed my order to accommodate the restaurant. The (tall blonde) bartender / server was extremely distracted by a 3 person party at the bar, and was (in my opinion) rude /& neglecting to her other guests that were dining in. After getting the food home, we find that the hand rolls were not the kind we ordered, and were less than subpar in quality (mushy, ginger was dry, Wasabi dry). By the way i dodnt take this food a far way home, i live at the ogden! I never ever leave yelp reviews, but the fact that this experience was so crappy, I had to share. P.S. - Sorry itsy bitsy!! Servers should be just as welcoming when the restaurant is about to close as they are when it's opening.. it's called customer service. I wanted to give a 2 star to prove a point, but the beef skewers were bomb.good food but it was pricey and the server was omkThis is a very trendy place in DTLV. A pizza place used to occupy the space, but now the Ramen crowd has moved in. I do appreciate the fact that there is a ramen place downtown now.I had a client meeting here and the following was ordered:Pot Stickers (5 pieces) - These were tasty and well done. It's hard to go wrong with pot stickers. Edamame - What I really liked about this was the portion size. Between four people eating it, we still had some left over at the end of the meal. They were lightly salted and easy to eat finger food.Shishito Peppers - A great appetizer dish if you think spice is nice. Out of everything I ate, I think I enjoyed them the most. They're just an understated dish without a bunch of frills because the pepper speaks for itself in flavor. Good job.Katsu Chicken Rice Bowl - This was my own main dish. Yes, it's true I did not order ramen at the ramen place, but I just wasn't feeling like slurping ramen in front of clients. The bowl was disappointment galore. The chicken was dry and flavorless. The rice was also dry. The accompanying sauce was strange and did not compliment the bowl in any way. I would avoid this in the future and just go for the ramen. Service was spotty and we waited awhile for the check. In fact, my clients left before it arrived.If I do go back I'll get the Ramen for sure.Trendy looking ramen shop... Tonkotsu broth was full-bodied but it became too salty after a while. My noodles were all clumpy and some were not cooked yet. The soy sauce egg was sour. It shouldn't be. I got extra chashu and I was glad I did. The pork was done right and I was able to enjoy my meal because of it. My only ramen experience in Vegas so maybe this is it? Have had better ramen in DC...and of course, Japan.Came here for dinner and drinks. I was lucky enough to score parking outside the place, but it does cost money. Parking dowtown is a pain, but what can ya do?

The layout of the restaurant is stunning. When you enter the restaurant you are checked in downstairs where you will find their butcher shop, then walked up the stairs by a hostess where you will find an open kitchen and dining area with a gorgeous patio overlooking the tivoli fountains (Not much of a view, but they definitely worked with what they had).Echo and Rig is a great spot to have a casual lunch with a friend, date night with that special someone, or celebrate a special occasion. I loved the concept that they had going and the different menu items that they tried to push, especially when it came to their smaller appetizer plates but if I had to spend 100+ on a meal I'd look for another spot.I've had Echo & Rig book-marked as a place to try on my Yelp for awhile, and we finally gave it a try today.Came here for lunch and there was no wait.  The layout of the restaurant is nice.  Downstairs is the butcher shop area, the reception, and a bar.  Upstairs is the actual dining area where there is indoor and outdoor seating.  I like how it's very spacious and airy upstairs.The service we got was great.  Our servers were nice and just attentive enough.Now on to the food.  My friend and I ordered:Sweet First Cauliflower - Tasty!  Just had the right amount of crunch and saltiness to it.  We really liked how the sliced chilis complimented the cauliflower.Bone Marrow Asada - A-Ok.  One of the toasts we got was burnt on the end (..BOO! to them for not replacing it).  This was the first time I've had this type of dish before.  I saw the pictures on yelp of others raving about the dish.  But overall it was just OK.. not worth a repeat order.Black Spaghetti - my main dish.  Not quite what I was expecting.  The broth was a bit too tangy for me.  Pasta itself as well as the seafood (which was shrimp, calamari, and mussels) was not bad.  But I was disappointed overall.  Won't be order this again.Trenne Pasta - this was my friend's dish.  Much tastier than mine.  I had no clue what trenne pasta is and therefore did not know it was suppose to be a crunchy texture.  I didn't care for the crunchiness of the pasta but I did like the prime rib eye and tuscan black kale that was part of the dish.Overall - I would go back.  The prices are overall are reasonable.  Staff was nice and the restaurant itself is lovely.  Next time I will order some  kind of steak.  That will be the make it or break it deal of whether or not I will make future repeat visits.It's was good. The room temperature is super warm, to the point we were uncomfortable. Food was good, but I'm not sure worth the $$. Here in Vegas we have a lot of options and I'm not sure this is one we would return to. Staff was friendly. Food came out at a good pace.Food.....DELICIOUS! I have ZERO complaints about the food.BEGIN RANTI really hate downgrading my review. Pisses me off!

You haven't always done this, when offered, do u want dipping sauce, some Alfredo or marinara for your bread sticksWhen I said yes, I didn't know it was going to cost $8

However, it looked like a favourite with the residents and was pretty crowded at dinner service.ps: The restaurant has a good view of the fountains , so I'm a little surprised why their seating arrangement isint such that diners can see the fountain while eating.Food is excellent!  Their salads have decreased in size, but not price.  The service needs drastic improvement!This used to be our favorite Italian Local Restaurant... I am Italian and I am very hard to please for Italian food. We moved to Fountain Hills a year ago and started to going to Sapori once a month or more.. food was delicious and large portions! Well apparently that was not a profitable enterprise because a few months ago- Robert- Restaurant Impossible- filmed a show there and transformed the restaurant and it's menu to be more profitable.. I like the way it looked before- very Italian Village look- the transformation happened- it does look much cleaner- trendy and beautiful now.. I prefer old world Italian but I get why they did this.  The portions were cut in half and they somehow ruined the Tomato Sauce- the meatballs were overcooked.. They used to bring out hot garlic rolls with olive oil etc. no more olive oil and the rolls were so tiny I thought they were mini cream puffs and they  were ice cold.. The owner was there and she is delightful- her desserts are the best in the world-- I would go back for her Cheesecake and espresso.. The Calamari was good but half the portion. I had the pizza and it was just OK- It used to be sooooo very good-- the crust was tasteless- no olive oil on it it was dry and not good...

We ordered from the specials they were running on our most recent visit.  Lettuce wrap and calamari delivers.  Vietnamese rolls were less successful.  Salads were good - it's kind of hard to screw up a salad.  Entrees we ordered the ribeye steaks.  Not impressed.  Here's a hint:  the ribeye steaks are cut so thin that they'll dry out quickly when cooked; even medium will result in shoe leather (yeah, I ordered medium).  If I'd known it was cut so thin, I'd have ordered medium-rare to give it a fighting chance.  Desserts are advertised (for the special) as a mini-brownie or ice cream in a wonton cup.  Uh... "mini" and "wonton" give the wrong impressions; these weren't one-bite wonders - the "mini" was a decent size portion (wonder how big a "regular" size would be!).  Wonton skins are about 3" across; these were more like spring roll wrappers (8-9" across), deep-fried into a cup shape, dusted with cinnamon sugar, and a large scoop of ice cream in the center - topped off with garnishes, of course.

- Export Porter

A essayer mais prévoir un budget..tldrHonestly not a fast food kind of guy but needed something quick in the neighborhood.

I expected the highest level of service for a five diamond hotel, but was very disappointed with the staff at the front desk.  We waited for 40 minutes to check in and it was apparent that the delay was caused by the staff's inability to handle complex transactions, without the assistance of management.  The hotel guests in front of us wanted a specific type of suite with an adjoining room and it took a manager to rearrange reservations and accommodate their request.  The associate watched her manager complete the transaction and then proceeded to assist us... did I mention it was 40 minutes later?The Hotel

lack of creativity or interesting roll pairings

(Open invitation to anyone who wants to buy me "good pizza" to teach me the difference haha)

-Olive Bar.

I came back for breakfast because this was the only place close that wasn't a buffet. I had the 3 eggs [scrambled]w/ bacon from the breakfast menu. I think the eggs they were steroided out eggs or something because it DID NOT look like 3 eggs. It eggs took up more than half my plate and looked like at least 6 eggs. INSANE.

1. because it is across the street from our neighborhood and

The presentation of the food was great but the taste was eh (nothing too exciting). After this experience I won't seek out to go to this restaurant but I wouldn't oppose to it.Everything is always JUST OK every time I go. Nothing to complain about but nothing to rave about. Service is usually a little below par as expected with Yard House and nothing really knocks your socks off food wise. Beer selection is great but not a huge deal since you can get that elsewhere. Eh.This place is exciting.  Always vibrant and busy, which only means that people keep coming back. The food is good most of the time and the service excellent  The fish and chips I had were pretty good, though not great.  And Ashley, our waitress, was awesome and down-to-earth.  I'm not a drinker, but my friends ordered a Shiner Bock and Shock Top. These things were 18" tall.  Quite interesting.  They loved them.  The calamari was very good also, but the Spicy Thai Chicken Pizza, they said, was not good.  Ashley offered to replace it with something else, which was very generous, but we chose not to.  Our meal had pretty much ended by then.It is worth visiting this restaurant. But I would suggest getting there early, it gets very crowded.Met a friend here for lunch last Sunday. I decided on the BBQ Chicken Pizza (no onions), the lunch portion, with a side of French fries. When the food came out, there was a small amount of fries, but the server said he would bring me some fresh ones. They were OK, but of course the fresh ones were better, especially with some parmesan cheese sprinkled on top. The toppings on my pizza tasted good, but the crust seemed tougher than I remember. For dessert, we shared the S'mores Brownie. It was bigger than I expected and came out in one of those pizookie pans. And it was scorching hot! You really had to blow on the marshmallow so you didn't burn your mouth. It was a VERY sweet, sugary dessert. We only ate about half of it before calling it quits.Service here was horrible. Gave it three stars because the food and beer were delicious. We did come on happy hour though, so the food was a better price. All the food variety really makes for a great choice no mattter the company!The served rotten celery with my wings. I don't know why they thought it was okay to plate that. The the rest of the meal was okay but when I spend $75 at a restaurant I shouldn't be served rotten food.The Glendale Westgate District is as mainstream as it gets when it comes to delivering dining options. I am a deep believer in not going to places when I'm out of town that I could enjoy within the proximity of my area. But Glendale left me no option.You know what you're getting at the Yard House. It is a level above your Chili's and TGI's. Decent bar food, okay happy hour, half yard drinks, and then you let the service dictate the rest. The service here was okay, they had a server shift switch but I am glad it happened because our 2nd server was much better. Their only slip up was them leaving me waiting for water. If Bobby Boucher can serve up high quality h20 why can't you?The facility is well kept, restrooms are spacious, their TV game is lacking a bit from what I'm used to from the location in Oxnard, of all places. The Yard House is quite predictable. If you've never been to one I suggest you do, just like me, you won't mind it for when there are no better options.I go for beer from time to time, lot of choices, a bit pricey, but it is a tourist area,It is nice to see non locals and hear their stories, always busy so set some time aside ,a for sure visit.I would like to give Ape Index a higher rating. I really would. The place has some great staff; they were very friendly. They've got nice walls with good features. I especially love the big globe! And the bouldering walls they have going up look very promising.The problem here, and what is really needed to make a climbing gym, is the routes. Don't get me wrong, there are some very good routes. I really enjoyed a couple of them. Unfortunately, all of the routes are very old and I got the sense that they were going to remain there for some time to come. Then there were the routes that weren't so good. Not only were they just as old as the good routes; they had some of the most contrived movement I have ever seen on a rock wall. There were movements which were absolutely outside the grade of the route due to a lack of properly placed holds. It seemed to me that these were simply the result of inexperienced route setters. All in all they were just not pleasant to climb.I really hope that Ape Index proves this review wrong, gets new routes set by experienced setters, that their bouldering wall turns out as good as it looks. Until that happens though, I can't really see myself making the trek up there when Ape just doesn't quite stand up to the other gyms in the valley. (Yet?)This place has a lot of potential unfortunately it hasn't been tapped into. It appears to be run by mainly volunteers so no one probably cares enough to set up the routes appropriately. They definitely have enough varieties of rocks to make color coded routes, instead they choose to slap tape on the walls (half of which has fallen off) and call it a day. If they would take the time to reroute it would be an awesome climbing gym.Phoned and explained my new puppy has worms crawling in her stool. They told me to make an appointment but i couldn't get in for 2 days but if I bring the puppy in they will weigh her and check the stool without an appointment and be treated as long as I keep the appointment in two days to do a thorough check. I left work early rushed to the vets they checked the stool sample and yes it is tapeworms. Told me to come back in two days the day of my appointment and then they will give me the prescription. WHAT??? I asked if the worms causes any discomfort .... The reply was yes somewhat. Why did you just waste my time? It would take 1 min. to hand me a pill pill and say see you in 2 days. Now does this sound like a vet who  cares? NOWe've been taking our dog here for a few years. Thankfully, we've only ever had to come here for routine visits and a couple of non-serious issues (knock on wood), so I can't really comment on their skill at diagnosing or treating complicated diseases. But for routine care, they've been adequate. Our dog has seen both Dr. Cangin and Dr. Fisher. I think both have a great bedside manner and are really good at explaining dog health issues to ensure that you have all of the relevant information. Also, their main receptionist Pat is one of the warmest and kindest people you will ever meet. She is such an asset to their veterinary practice. Unfortunately, the few other younger ladies who also work the front desk aren't so pleasant. So keep your fingers crossed that Pat answers the phone when you call!The main reason I'm only giving them 3 stars is because they are very expensive. I know that they're in Shadyside and they have a "green" building and that all of that stuff equates to higher prices. But I'm just not sure that they are necessarily worth the extra money. I also don't like the fact that every year during our routine annual visit, they usually give me the hard sell for doing a Lyme's test for my dog, even though we live in a non-wooded area and he's on flea and tick meds year-round. Maybe it *is* technically best practice (even if he's very low risk), but they sort of make me feel like a terrible dog mom if I say no, so I usually agree to it (and of course he never ends up having it). I don't like that kind of pressure.Also, I recently took my dog in because he was having back issues. We saw Dr. Cangin, and she couldn't really tell me for sure what was wrong with him during that visit, so she had me book another visit with Dr. Fisher, who is better at musculo-skeletal things. It was kind of annoying to have to come in (and pay) twice for the same issue, and I never really got a definitive answer from either doctor. As it turns out, I ended up later figuring out the issue on my own (it was his skin causing the pain -- sensitivity to his flea meds -- not a muscular issue, which was the doctors' guess).Overall, they get the job done (at least for routine or minor care), but just know that you'll probably end up paying more than you need to.I'd been to Five Guys before in DC, but I didn't know there was a store in Charlotte until recently. Naturally, as soon as I found out I brought my girlfriend to partake in its glory. This place is awesome. Most fast-food places don't really give you a fresh feeing. Five Guys does. Their patties are handmade and their fixins are, well, fresh. Speaking of fixins, they're all free--you just have to ask. Definitely try throwing mushrooms, onions and jalapenos on your burger. Nice combo. And the burgers are huge--a regular cheeseburger is two delicious patties. If you're going with a friend, plan on splitting a side of fries, 'cause it a ridiculously huge order. Try your fries with malt vinegar; it's amazing. One thing: it's fast food, but since they cook the burgers right there in front of you, it's not all that fast. Plan on waiting a few minutes, at least. You'll be glad you did.Five Guys is located on an increasingly busy South Blvd, but luckily it has ample parking in back (unlike many South Blvd. eateries). A casual diner style with burlap sacks of potatoes stacked in the dining area and framed newspaper reviews on the walls. You stroll up to the counter and place your order. Choice of condiments and fixings, regular fries or seasoned. I got a little cheeseburger (which was plenty big) and a basket of cajun fries to share. Burgers are cooked fresh and they boast that their meat is never frozen. Their ingredients are fresh, but their basic burger, unfortunately tasted pretty basic. As for their cajun fries, they were OK, but reminded me more of BBQ seasoning on potato chips. The Five Guys fan club is still quite the unexplained phenomena to me.  It's not a bad burger place, but it's not very noteworthy either.Not a bad burger, but you'd think with the Zagat rating and all of the gushing reviews posted on the wall from various magazines that the burgers would be better. The burger and fries are a good size, even for the mini version, and the fries are generous but McMenamin's happy hour cheeseburger and fresh cut fries kicks the crap out of Five Guys and is cheaper to boot.Came here the other day for lunch with my guy. We were both (ok I was) a little hungover from going to a concert the night before nothing major or that a greasy lunch couldn't fix. We were walking down the road and came upon five guys and thought perfect! We went in and were greeted warmly and we were able to order right away. I ordered a regular cheese burger with some toppings and my guy got some huge double patty version of what I had and we shared the Cajun fries.... If you go ALWAYS get the Cajun fries there are probably the best part. The food was good it's pretty consistent here and while it gets the job done I don't feel like I'm wowed like most of my friends. Now this could be due largely in part to the fact that 2 people can't eat for less than about 25 bucks and that's with us sharing a large fry. I will throw some money away quicker than you can wink when it comes to food - however - it just seems kinda high for just a burger and fries.... The food is good don't get me wrong but the price tag makes it kinda not worth it to me although next time I'm an extra Jameson shot in from the night before out with friends I'm sure I'll be back with no complaints however sober and in my right mind I think my wallet will lead me else where for a simple burger and fries. All in all good though! We walked so didn't notice parking. There is outdoor seating and an easy walk from the light rail.The only reason we gave it 3 stars was because we did not get solid sleep due to the noise.We loved the Waterloo Hotel!!!!!!!! It was "crazy adorable" to quote my chicka. She puts up with me, she truly does. We came up here for a business meeting and I didn't find too much in the way of reviews, so I decided we would wing it. We constantly travel and finding a hotel off the highway normally not an issue.What up Canada???? We drove up the 401 and could not believe that there was not more than a hotel or two between Windsor & Waterloo. FYI - don't drive too long and get sleepy, you might find yourself snoozing in your car for lack of accommodations en-route.So we drove around Windsor and found the cuteness that is King st. My chicka was getting annoyed, & finally made me go into the Waterloo hotel and look around. Apparently I had made the mistake so many others have.... I saw reviews for another hotel with a similar name in the area that were not so hot & thought it was this hotel. I was wrong!First off the desk clerk could not have been nicer. She was incredibly nice and welcoming.Our room was the music suite. It was beautiful, and had a gas fireplace which we enjoyed.  The decor was beautiful.The bed was very comfortable, there were nice touches like chocolates on the pillows, free wifi and an in room refrigerator with a couple of bottles of water. The owners also had documented the story of the hotel and press releases in a interesting book on the desk which definitely answered all our questions. As business travelers we needed a few things. Ironing board and iron - not in the room but the front desk lady (who I wish I remembered her name, because she was awesome!) brought it up to our roomRestaurant recommendation. Again our awesome front desk lady took care of us. She recommended a restaurant and even followed up by calling to make sure it was open because it was the holiday "Family Day". The con's....The attached restaurant does not allow a glass or two of wine to leave in order to enjoy the wonderful, romantic room by the fireplace... much to my chicka's annoyance. She thought she was gonna get a romantic moment or two savoring a glass of wine toasting our toes in Victorian elegance. Sorry babe... didn't happen.Blow dryer... it needs upgrading. Not enough power.Counter space... my chicka is a beautiful woman but somehow requires loads of product which she managed to squish onto a tiny wicker table in the bathroom. There was a huge mirror on the beautiful antique dresser in the main room, but not enough light.Game changer....Holy freaking NOISE!!!!!!!!!!!! We are from downtown Chicago, IL USA 60654... there is honking, EL train, sirens, bar & restaurant, neighbor, dogs, whatever,  etc noise constantly. For us to find something noisy, it is LOUD! First off, the music room is above the attached bar. Not an issue till closing, and the employee's bang and slam everything they can for an hour or so.Drunk yodelers... this is a collage town... you have been warned.Random trucks backing up all night, unfortunately they have backup beeping or drunk yodelers would be taken out. Dang. We would definitely request a room on the other side because we got zero solid sleep after a full day of driving from Chicago to go to a long business meeting & then drive back to Chicago on no sleep. Other than the noise, we would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. The service and accommodations are excellent.We have stayed here three or four times and do like it very much, but have some misgivings as well.First, the good: the rooms are lovely and quaint with gas fireplaces, high ceilings, and Victorian-style furnishings. The beds are insanely comfortable as well.The negatives are that there is almost no staff, and if you have a room on the top floor, you have to lug your own luggage up several flights of stairs because there is no elevator. They also have no restaurant or room service. They used to have a deal with the restaurant next door so you could at least have your breakfast there. Now, they give you coupons for a restaurant a block away (which is kind of like a Starbucks--not a restaurant at all).Considering it's quite a bit pricier than, say, the Best Western, you'd think you'd be accommodated more in terms of staff and restaurant service. For all its quaintness, I'm afraid I'm too old to drag my luggage up flights of stairs. I'm also too old to be giving a coupon to a guy in a coffee shop for my breakfast--that part is just embarrassing (and, frankly, we just ended up tossing the coupons after the first day and having a nice hot breakfast in the restaurant next door).Oh, and the worst part: the internet is very spotty if you stay above the second floor! Good internet is essential for our work, but we kept losing the connection. When we complained, we were told that the internet isn't that great above the second floor. WTH?!!Ouch!

Order the lobster mac and cheese, this gets 5 stars.First let me say, this review might have scored differently had it been 7pm instead of 10:30pm, but I will also say this would have gone a lot different if Sam didn't save the night.We had a couple of drinks at The Chandelier Bar directly across the way.  It was our wedding anniversary and we were out with a couple of friends.  We decided to go with Holsteins instead of China Poblano based on Yelp reviews.  As we left the bar the music in the area went from background dance music for the night club on the other side of the room, to deafening.  We were greeted by the hostess who offered to seat us once we finished our drinks from the other bar.  That didn't sit so well with members of our group.  We walked around and debated skipping and going across the road to any of the dozens of places to eat, but my lazy kicked in and we decided to give it ago.Back to Holsteins, sans our cocktails, greeted by the same hostess.  I mentioned it was a bummer of a policy, to which she stated don't shoot the messenger.  Again, almost sent my friends into a tailspin, but we trudged on!Once seated, the music got louder. So loud we had to literally yell across the table to each other.  At this point we were all ready to leave, until Sam greeted us.  He was so genuine and polite, I felt bad for him having to work right then!    We expressed the fact we were deciding to stay or go.  He completely understood and even offered to mention it to his manager, knowing full well nothing could be done.We stuck it out.... The food was average.  We got 4 different full sized burgers and fries; classic, gold standard, el caliente, and the rising sun (mine).  I'm on a burger mission this year, obviously, and I love teriyaki.  The meat was cooked properly and the bun wasn't soggy (all bonuses) but with all the other options out there, this place was underwhelming, especially with the other outside influences.  I'd say skip it.This place was packed at 5pm on a Saturday evening and so darn LOUD! I could hardly hear my friend who I was sitting elbow to elbow with. This was a big let down for me- most of the noise was coming from the bar area. Maybe a partition to help with the noise is needed?I try not to eat much meat and luckily they offer veggie sliders. They were pretty dry and fell apart so it was difficult to eat them.Service was just ok for me. The more busy they became, the less we were checked on. Now for the best part- the Shakes! So many to chose from. Be nice and share with your table mates. :) They were so flavorful. Just like the menu described them to be.For me- I'll pass on the Holsteins and have more of the shakes.Got here around 6pm on a Thursday and was told our wait was around 25 mins. The hostess told us we can wait or leave our number just in case we decide to walk around. I left my number with her and decided to just wait there as well. After 25 mins, I decided to go up to the host stand and ask how much longer seeing people after us were being seated. The guy told me they put down the wrong number and that our table had been ready but didn't bother to walk 5 ft outside or ask for my name.Service 3/5 - Service was okay. Although the waiter did recommend things to go with our burger when we were ordering, we rarely saw him. He came by to refill my water once and then back again when we needed the check. I understand it gets busy here but he seemed all over the place and the busboy ended up helping us more.Food 5/5 - My bf got the Gold Standard and Coffee & Donuts shake while I got the Nom Nom Burger and Cookies & Cream shake. The burgers were cooked really well but I felt like the chips on my Nom Nom Burger tasted stale and just took them off. The fries that came with them were good but after that I was so full I could barely finish my shake. The shakes we got supposedly have alcohol in them but you don't taste any, however they did taste good for regular shakes. The atmosphere was fun and modern with cartoon cows all over the place. There's also a bar if you wanted to grab drinks and I liked that they offer smaller tables near the front for drinks. Overall, I would come back for the food and hope they work on their service.Wanted to try out this place because a good friend recommended it. He said it would be better then any burger place I ever try. We ordered the nom nom, longhorn, and the rising sun burgers. We also ordered 1 order of the ahi sliders. I wasn't impressed by this place food. Definitely not worth the price. These 4 items came out to over $70. Overpriced. The ahi sliders were SUPER TINY and $15 for 3 tiny sliders. The rising sun burger was alright. The teriyaki flavor was lost in the burger. The crispy yams, spicy mayo, tempura avocado, and spices on the burger overpowered the teriyaki sauce.Overall I was disappointed with the outcome of the burgers and sliders. People talked very highly of this place and it wasn't all that great. I'd rather drive about 20 more minutes to bachi burger. That place is 5 starsI would give this restaurant 5 stars for their shakes. We had the vegan coconut raspberry as well as the fat boy and they were amazing. Really fantastic. Unfortunately, we wold give the hot food 2-3 stars. We had their "best selling" burger and although it wasn't bad, it wasn't good either. And when you pay $18 for a burger, that's unacceptable. We ordered fries with the burger and they were soggy. We also ordered the ahi poke appetizer and it was, at best, mediocre. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for shakes but tell friends and family to eat their meals elsewhere. We had heard wonderful things about Holsteins and as out of town guests looking for a new Vegas favorite food spot, we were excited to try it. Definitely a disappointing experience overall.More expensive than most burger places. Milkshakes and burgers both pricey. Service was not great .. Our server seemed to be rushing us out and pushy. Cut us off in mid conversation. For a more upscale burger place, definitely wasn't impressed with the service. For a better burger experience, I'd recommend Gordon Ramsay burgr across the street at planet Hollywood. Quality is better, milkshake is cheaper.Surprisingly easy to get a table on a Saturday night, only a 10 minute wait or so (convenient that they text you when the table's ready, I love that). Lots of cute and bright cow-themed decor - fun and not heavy. The spicy, cheesy popcorn they put on the table when you arrive is an awesome touch!They were out of the first several beers we tried to order. Food was decent- ahi tuna tostadas and lobster macaroni and cheese both could have used a spicy pick me up. On a second visit I'd stick to the burger menu- the Rising Sun burger was great, really flavorful sauce. All in all a convenient stop for a bite if you're in the Cosmopolitan.Shame on me I ordered the Chicken Caesar Salad.

So finally after all that fiasco... I really wanted to talk to the manager but he checked on EVERY OTHER TABLE except me.  Is it that much a faux pas to eat alone?  So I was frustrated with my dining experience here but I do have to mention one of the perks of eating here is that they bring you the world's SMALLEST tobasco, which I promptly snatched and kidnapped to bring back home.Meh...It was 'aight...Burger was decent - LARGE...the cobb salad was drenched in dressing, soggy and limp.The BF and I were not impressed - service was actually pretty good, but then, we were like the only ones there.this is the restaurant in the Westin hotel.  I had a decent asian salad, I mean, I ordered the asian salad after all - which is pretty lame - but I couldn't make up my mind and my dinner companion got a salad - my salad was pretty good, standard, wontons, peanuts etc.  the chicken was actually still juicy and there wasn't too much dressing.  staff/waitress was really nice.  if you're staying here, this wouldn't be a terrible place to eatUnlike the hotel itself, which I gave five stars, there is simply no way around a three star rating for Suede, the sole restaurant on the Westin property.  I ate two meals here: dinner & the buffet breakfast.  The buffet breakfast is not a "vegas style" buffet but rather a "westin style" buffet- something I tried mostly recently at the Pasadena Westin- i.e. a few choices executed at above average level.  Here, my eggs benedict were actually better then the same dish at the Il Fornaio in the New York, New York.As for dinner, well- in their favor you can order something other then a traditional fine-dining main course.  I had a rueben sandwich that was competently executed but not inspired.The service here was kind of creepy and overbearing.  I know middle age men can be fine waiters, and attentive service is a plus, but it was a little bit unusual for my wife and I to have the same thought about one of our waiters: i.e. that he was going to strangle us in our room later on during our stay.  I'm just saying.Prices are fine... for Las Vegas.Not bad.  I can only comment on the Ahi Tuna open faced burger.  It was not a burger so I am not sure why they even call it that.  It was an ahi tuna patty on tofu.  It was tasty though.  I actually really enjoyed my dinner and the way it was presented.  It had a lot of flavor and the fish tasted fresh.Not worth a trip to go check out. But, if you are staying at the Westin, it is a very good option (you know some hotels you stay in, you go out of your way to not eat at the restaurant in the lobby? this does not describe Suede)Breakfast buffet has fruit, oatmeal, eggs, bacon, breakfast potatoes, french toast, Krispy Kreme donuts, pastries, bagels, and comes with coffee and OJ. Very solid selection at a reasonable (for hotels) price.There is one breakfast dish with tofu in it. That's terrible. Avoid that.The smoothie is excellent. Definitely get this. Best thing on the menu.I'd have to agree with a lot of the other reviewers. Suede is a decent restaurant if you're staying at the Westin but not worth the trip if you aren't staying at the hotel.We had the $18.00 breakfast buffet. It had all the essentials: eggs, bacon, sausage, bagels, toast, fruit, waffles. I would've like a few more options but for the price (in Vegas) it was worth it. I thought everything tasted very good and our server was extremely nice and friendly. If I return to the Westin, I will certainly hit up this place again for breakfast.So this is how I planned it all out:

The poppyseed bun was soft, the grilled onions were perfect-I have to say I enjoyed this hotdog to the fullest. Like I have stated before I am more of  a potato wedge (thick cut fry) kinda gal so it shouldn't surprise anyone that I didn't care for the fries here as they are very thin.The BF got a hamburger with fries that he enjoyed but didn't think it was great. Well, I know one thing- they know how to make delish hotdogs that are worth all those calories.So yes, for my hotdog craving I wouldn't hesitate to come back here but I'll just order it to go....My sister and I came here for lunch the other day, I had a Gyro and she had a Chicago dog and we split a tamale. My gyro was ok, the onions were cut WAY big and the sauce tasted like sour cream instead of cucumber, but her hot dog was awesome and the fries were the BOMB. The tamale had a weird chili flavor so we didn't finish it. I LOVED that they had the news on all of their tv's, and had current issues of Chicago newspapers to read. It seemed like a nice place to sit down and read the paper and enjoy a dog.The name says most of the story... They are tasty... But they aren't cheap! The people who work here are certainly friendly and enough so that I can over look all the Cubs, Bears and Bulls stuff hanging on the walls. Its located in the Target shopping center by my house so its easy to get here when I have a craving for a dog or two, but there are better options in this immediate area so choose wisely.I just remember coming here not to long ago with my roommate.  Why is it always packed every time I go into a chain restaurant that has no cars in the parking lot. The physics don't make any sense.Anyways, this is what you would expect at a subway, the same selection, decent quality, decent value.  My only complaint was that my meatball marinara was never toasted when I told them to toast it.#1stWorldProblems

- The spicy cigars were a great start.  Enjoyed the crunch and the taste of the herbs in the meat

Veggie Works Burrito, $2.89

-Club Life is nothing spectacular

Once we were done eating, it was a half an hour sipping our late drinks and waiting for the bill, paying, and getting out of there.  So, the food was pretty good, the service started off great, but as the place began clearing out, our service did too. We might return, maybe?We figured it would be a good idea to take the Light Rail into town and just walk around until we found somewhere to grab lunch that had outside seating. We figured East/West Station would be a good place to start, so we headed out. We were originally intrigued by Tupelo Honey Cafe, which is right next to The Liberty, but we were told it would be a half hour wait for outdoor seating. Too long for us, so we went back downstairs to the outdoor seating area we had seen when walking over. We walked into The Liberty and were seated immediately, but not before we caught a glimpse of the inside room to the left of the main entrance, but more on that later. There were very few tables that actually had other people, so there was no wait at all.The food was good. I ordered the brisket sandwich, which was huge but not too spectacular. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't to die for. We all ordered burgers or sandwiches, and they were all pretty big, which is absolutely wonderful - you definitely get your money's worth! The service was great and the location is convenient, but it is right across the street from a fire station. So your meal may be interrupted by some loud sirens. It didn't bother us at all, but I can see how that could annoy some people. But back to the interior of the place: The room to the right of the door seemed to be your standard restaurant with a bar and booths/tables. But to the left, there's a yellow glow. There's a very mellow lighting in the room, with high ceilings, complete with towers of kegs, if my memory is correct. It was a very very cool room, and I would love to dine in there at some point. It's something that I'm not sure how to describe, but it was very unique. There's also a basement dining area, and I believe that is used to host events.We visited The Liberty for Sunday brunch. We had wanted to try it out for some time, but the regular lunch & dinner menu didn't seem to have many vegetarian options. So, visiting for brunch was a great way to go. Although the brunch menu was somewhat small, there were many creative options. The service was good - three out of four of us asked for alterations/substitutions & our server & the kitchen were very accommodating, which was greatly appreciated. The coffee was excellent. Our only real concern was that three of us received our food at the same time & it took over five minutes for the fourth dish to come out of the kitchen. We had to ask for someone to check on it. Each of us enjoyed our meals (3 omelette orders & one southern gentleman order). It can be tough to get a Sunday brunch reservation in Charlotte. The Liberty is a good option (really nice atmosphere, cool

Great AYCE with a modest price point.

all in all it was okay. the service was nice when they did actually come around and the food was okay. the dessert was the best part though. yums!I looked up the menu online and it said they had ribs and beef brisket, so I got a BBQ hard-on.  Then I came in and I found that they've discontinued them there at that particular location.  So I ended up just trying the wings.  They were good, the kind that still tastes good even without any sauce on it (smoky flavor), but I'm minusing half a star for lack of imagination.  I'm going to try one of the other locations and see if I can get my BBQ on.This is not a classy joint but it is some good people watching.  I saw a homeless man, two tattooed punk kids making out and a table full of Running Rebels fans all in the same visit.  What this place lacks in ambiance, it makes up for in entertainment value. After golf one day, we turned this place into a second living room.  Got comfy at a table.  And periodically ate and drank for several hours.  Overall, the bar food here is mediocre at best but the beer is ice cold and the photo hunt machine has enough seating for your friends.  My kinda place.I've driven by this place several times and when my family came in for a visit we went there for dinner. The place has great ambiance, great outdoor patio, two little bowling lanes, pool table and foosball table. Food was great, good music ( no country), service was slow, but the GM introduced himself and we overlooked this. We went back for breakfast the next day. There was two other tables aside from us. Once the waitress took our order we never saw her again. We had to go to the bartender to ask for a refill on coffee, food was delivered and then we had to wait and ask the bartender for silverware. We then had to ask the bartender for the check. Never got another refill on coffee or other drinks, never asked how food was etc and this took over an hour. The rating is based on ambiance and food. It's truly a shame that the staff is so poor because this place could be 5 stars easy. I'm sure if you went to the bar just to drink you would have a good time. Also the menu online is different from menu in restaurant, so don't pick out what you want from online menu because they'll price it item by item.Had dinner with friends service was

Difficult to eat.Bloody Mary was okay.

I gave chances after chances hoping for improvement.

- Washer/dryer had no instructions and we got our clothes stuck inside for over an hour

Le service est excellent... Très courtois et poli.I am giving this place a rating higher than I would want, since the food wasn't amazing. Just average, but the prices suggest otherwise. I give this place a 2.5, but I'm giving this place the benefit of the doubt here, and disregarding the food. Decor is beautiful. Very clean, very modern. Love the atmosphere, very lively. The service is professional, constantly checking up on you. They are easily capable of continuously pouring water and making people feel comfortable at all tables in the restaurant, which totally goes against a few other reviews. Anyway, we were seated quite quickly. For a regular Monday night, there were quite a few tables, but it was nowhere close to full. The menu consists of French favorites with many twists, along with multiple dishes with American influences. No appetizers to start, since we weren't very hungry and my entree came with a side salad. We had ordered the flank steak with frites and salad, a full rack of ribs, and a haddock sandwich. The haddock was cooked well, didn't break apart and had good taste. Quite a large sandwich. The flank steak was undercooked when I requested it to be medium. It was more like a rare or medium rare, which wasn't what I wanted. It was completely dark pink on the inside. I'm no steak expert and I know that flank steak is supposed to be a rarer steak, but to serve that is unacceptable. Plus, it had no taste. I thought it would be rude to add a heaping load of salt, because that would cause attention and lots of fuss. The frites were quite nice. The salad had a nice vinaigrette on it and was fresh and quite nice with the meal. The ribs, despite the fact they were cold, were actually really good. We had to send them back once, but the waitress and the kitchen handled the situation professionally and quickly. Really delicious ribs! Despite the few problems, the meal was actually quite pleasant. Pricing isn't completely reasonable, but it is a pretty decent restaurant, and they need the income to compete with other nearby restaurants.Went here after encountering a huge lineup at gourmand.  Decent food, I'd happily eat it again.  The service is slow and lacking though.Correct. Nous avons essayé ce resto via une offre sur le site vieurbaine. Le Resto est plutôt bruyant, ce qui nous a déplu puisque nous avions un peu de difficulté à nous comprendre. Niveau bouffe: rien à se jeter par terre. En entrée, le chorizo et les calmars frits étaient bons, mais on en a mangé de meilleurs ailleurs. C'était tout de même satisfaisant. En plat principal, mon copain a essayé la bavette de boeuf. Elle était ordinaire et la sauce d'accompagnement n'était pas celle qui était annoncée. Les frites étaient décevantes, mini et dures. De mon côté, j'ai essayé les raviolis au canard effiloché avec pois verts et parmesan dans le jus de viande. Je dois dire que c'était très savoureux, mais la sauce rendait le plat très lourd. De plus, le canard était rempli d'os... Assez ordinaire! À deux, nous ne l'avons pas finie. Finalement, niveau dessert, le gâteau au fromage était correct, mais sans plus. Le pudding chômeur était très bon, il m'a agréablement surpris! Malheureusement trop sucré pour que je me rende jusqu'au bout. En gros, c'est un endroit "correct" si on est dans le coin, mais on ne ferait pas de détour.The chicken was awesome (juicy, flavorful) , the cheeseburger was terrible (cold, tasteless, you name it). I guess that if you stick with poultry you're golden.Mac and cheese was tasty nothing to write home about but good. Great service and atmosphere. Wine selection needs more selection for my glasses. Otherwise if passing okay to stop by but no need to make special trip.My husband and I only tried the rice plates.  The meat and rice were both too dry.  The egg rolls and spring rolls were good.  Sound like we need to try this place for the Pho next time.I've been here a few times over the years, and I just don't understand the high ratings this restaurant receives.  Yesterday, my family wanted to try Wood Flame Burgers, but they were too crowded, so I decided to give Central King Eggroll another chance.  "Trust me," I told my wife, "they're getting a lot of great reviews now."  My wife ordered the sweet and sour chicken, which was a mistake.  She barely ate any of it.  I ordered the vermicelli, and it was okay.  After reading the reviews again, we probably should have tried the pho instead.  Try it out for yourself and decide.  You may like it.I agree with Mike J.  I think their management did change.  Ok, looks like a family bought the place.  They had someone in the kitchen cooking, but the dinner service was a little kid (14 years old) as our waitress and her father help out on and off.  The mother was busing tables.  We ordered the soy milk, fried egg rolls, Pho with thin beef and tendon, Pho with beef stew and Bun Thit Nuong (Grilled pork with noodles).  Here is the breakdown:Soy milk - tasted like homemade not enough sugarFried egg rolls - wrapped too tightly and not enough meat vs the other ingredients.  Still in love with the egg rolls at Da Vang.Pho with thin beef and tendon LARGE - It looks like a regular bowl of Pho compared to Da Vang, and the soup base just want not tasty enough.Pho with beef stew LARGE - Again a regular bowl of Pho compared to Da Vang, and beef stew add to the soup base changed the flavor to be GOOD.Bun Thit Nuong - the grilled pork was good, the noodles were just right, and the fish sauce added made it very good.Now the pricing, this place is higher than our typical Pho places.  I would give this place 2-1/2 stars for the food and service.The pho here is good! Especially since there are no other vietnamese places in a 30 mile radius.  So, if you are feeling like pho come here get the chicken pho or beef pho, it hits the spot.  The rating isn't higher only because I'm used to bay area pho.I have been coming to this place for the past year and the Pho has been ok. Broth is good! I might try something else next time im here(maybe not) as i only come every couple of weeks and that would be for my Pho Phix.Pho is decent, decor isn't.   Place is run by family.  Son is the cashier most of the time, and father is usually the waiter, then mother usually cooks behind the kitchen, if I remember correctly.  Most of their food is okay, and tasteful.  I remember ordering pork chop plate with rice, and  was I disappointed.  40% meat and 60% fat on it.  Where is the meat?? lol..  If you enjoy good bowl of Pho, well here is a tip! Don't order the large size.  You will just end up with extra soup, not the noodles.  So make sure to ask for extra noodles, otherwise, you will loading your stomach with liquid! WARNING:  Owner likes wearing his slippers while he is serve food.  So whatever you do, don't look at his FEET! It will kill your appetite! lol!Good Pho! Bad service, too informal and not a very inspiring decor at all. But, it is the closest we have in the far west valley. It does need TLC outside but the Pho is super yummy...I am sooo disappointed, our favorite place that we eat at weekly, has changed ownership and the food tastes COMPLETELY different. We eat the Beef Pho and eggrolls every week and today we noticed there was no one working in the place that we recognized. When the food came we said OH NO as it tasted very different and not in a good way. Neither my wife or I could eat our meal it was that bad. Even the sauce for the eggrolls was terrible. The Pho tasted nothing like any Pho we have had.From my favorite place to a place I won't eat at again in a weeks time. :(Pho-rmidable noodle bowl optionNot many options for pho and bun in the West Valley, so King Eggroll wins partly by default.  They have a standard menu and you can even buy a boba tea with your meal.  Service is nice enough, depending who you get.  Casual dive on par with other Pho places.I'd rank a star higher if their food was more consistent.  Recently, their broth is watery and lacks rich flavoring.  Vegetables can be somewhat tasteless, as well.  On past visits, the broth is flavorful and rich with peppers that add some tasty pop to the meal.  Oddly, I find their eggrolls so-so and missing good crunch.We'll visit again to see it things improve.  Otherwise, we may have to start heading up to Glendale.I am a big stickler for bad service and when you have a destination with really good food it is heartbreaking to give them 3 stars.  Let me preface that I am a newcomer to the Vietnamese art of Pho so proceed with caution; although, my pallet is pretty boss so I think I am spot on. :)  I have been visiting several locations around town and thus far this place has a good thing going.  The serving sizes are very generous and their broth is very balanced so you can season to your liking.  They have very good egg rolls and their sauces are great.Now the service, I visited this place initially and their service was very good.  The problem is when there is more than 2 tables being served it gets rather unorganized and this bleeds into just utter disappointment.  We waited for some time to get service and we were not sure who was our server because they seemed to share the tables.  You can imagine this not working, if not let me explain... We ordered our food and the food came out as usual but then it just went down from here.  We never got our herbs plates with the cilantro, jalapeños and limes they serve when they are not this busy.  I asked for the plate and never got it, I finally asked for more limes and they were nice enough to bring me just enough.  Our refills were far and few and lastly when it was time to pay it seemed like they didn't want to charge us because we waited, waited, waited more waiting until I spoke up and said how much longer do I have to wait to pay?After this long but what I hope is an insightful review know that I definitely would recommend their food but will let you know to not expect good service.I'm a bit confused about the high ratings for this restaurant, unless it's simply a reflection of what Vietnamese restaurants are available in Goodyear/Avondale.As a side note, please remember that on the display board in the front of the parking lot, this restaurant is identified as "Pho King Eggroll".  (And I dare you to tell the owners just what this sounds like in English ... apparently, they don't know).To be sure, the food here is pretty good ... but there are much better in the Valley.  Alas, for those exiled to the West Valley, there isn't much to choose from.  My big complaints with this place are the relatively small portions for prices much higher than other Viet restaurants in the Valley and service that is mediocre at best.  Like many such restaurants, the ambience --- if you want to call it that --- is noisy; and why they felt the need to turn on TVs in the place, I don't know ... though it does help to drown out some of the screaming and laughs in the restaurant during your meal.  Presentation is very basic and unappetizing:  the tables are plain and "lunchroom-like"; chairs are one level above what you'd find in a small airport; plates and utensils seem to have been purchased in a South Phoenix Goodwill.  Want a soda?  Get your own at the machine and use styrofoam cups.The pho are fine.  The meat plates are good, but the portions small enough to leave you wanting more ... and I don't mean that in a positive sense of the word.  After walking away mildly full and content, try not to regurgitate it all when you see the bill!Could be better; but then again, you are in a part of Goodyear/Avondale I would call, "The Ghetto"Good food when it comes out as ordered. Another location I can not seem to get my order correct at all times. Staff/family is somewhat friendly. The environment seems clean and its location is great. Get my order right next time and I'll alter my review.My first Pho was had here!  Two of my friends had mentioned how much they loved this spot for their pho and years ago I had tried to go only to find they are randomly closed on Tuesdays or whatever day it had been.  For my first bowl of pho, I was impressed but slightly weirded out that there was a slight sweet taste to my broth.  I had ordered the beef on the side in order to pull it apart into smaller pieces.  I definitely wish their pieces were smaller so I wouldn't have to first pull them apart.  They brought plenty of veggies to plop into it though.  The prices are right for sure.  Since having my first bowl, I have moved on to another pho spot closer to home though and enjoy it even more.  But, Central King is worth a stop if you want some quick and inexpensive pho to satisfy a craving.  There were a ton of people coming in and out and dining there.We have been coming here for awhile now. The restaurant has gone through some management change but the "Pho" still is great.

Housekeeping is spotty -- one day they forgot to replace the coffee and cups; one day they forgot to replace enough towels.The ugly . . .While the hotel is relatively new (open about a year), it is already showing wear and tear.  The furnishings, while modern, are starting to look shabby.  They have not used top notch materials -- laminate instead of wood, and faux tile in the showers.  I am sure after another year or so, the shower (no tub, by the way) will look horrid and grimy.

Like at least 2 stories. To get the to public access computers, you have to schedule an appointment, AND set up a time for how long you will be on. Luckily, there was one available immediately, but only for 30 minutes. (Computers will automatically close at your specified time).

I'm giving 3 stars because they don't have salads or super low cal food. Otherwise, the food I've had there is great!In Kitchener on biz?? Don't want to eat at Outback? Moose Winooski's has pretty good wings and plenty to see on the bar's 20 or so TVs. Decent spot if you find yourself Kitchener.Not to fond of buffalo chicken and related.  I do not go do bars that much.  This was perhaps okay.Stopped in for dinner tonight and it was good, just not amazing.  I had a soup and an appetizer and the food arrived in a timely manner and the server was friendly (but does Canada not have unsweetened iced tea anywhere?). The food was tasty, but nothing special. Overall it was a nice dinner.I've been to Moose's probably ten times now but never took the time to properly review it.  For those that aren't familiar, this is a small chain of three restaurants owned by the same restaurant group that operates Beertown and Wildcraft.  It is a Canadian themed restaurant, and a bit over-the-top at that, but the staff is friendly and the décor is pleasant and inviting in the dining room.  The bar is a sea of televisions and a bit overwhelming.The menu is pretty large and takes a while to digest, and they serve you dishes full of peanuts while you make up your mind.  The beer list is decent with a large number on tap.  The bar itself is huge with a central bar surrounded by seating, and there are TV's everywhere with just about every type of sport represented.  If you're a sports fan, then this is a good thing, and if you're a businessman looking to have a decent dinner with stuff to look at and keep you occupied, then this is your place.The food is all good, with all the local favorites represented.  I've had sandwiches, salads, and entrees and haven't had a bad meal, but nothing really stuck out as special either.  The last few times I've visited, it's been after working late and I've stuck with their big salads and a couple beers, at the bar.  The bartenders are all quite nice and happy to serve you a meal there.The prices are pretty typical and while as an American I think the beer is outrageously priced, it seems to be the going rate around here.  The food is reasonable and the portions are good sized, but not too large, so you don't come out stuffed.This can be either a two star or five star review depending on what your after. Main point is that is is loud busy and full of distractions.First off they have wall to wall TVs and each one set to a different channel, so if your distracted easily it can be a problemSecondly is the volume, generally not a problem for me but the one companion was super quiet and was hard to hear.. Food, unfortunately I forgot  my glasses so my wife had to make the choice. Generally speaking the food is really good.Overall a great place under the right circumstances.Went there for an early supper to avoid a lineup.  Ordered the kids fish and chips-my son enjoyed it.  I ordered mild wings that were actually mild this time and tasty.  Tried the mac and cheese and it seemed more like a soup and not worth the almost $15 price.  Took half home.  The garlic bread that came with it was underdone but not bad.  Servers switched and the new one didn't tell me her name or why the first one disappeared, but she was pleasant enough.It wasn't amazing but it wasn't awful. The staff at the front when we checked in were really personable. The elevator was a by far the worst part. The door would open and close before the floor.  Over all for the price is pretty goodGreat if you crave delicious schnitzel and perogies in a quaint setting - a house in Kitchener converted to a restaurant many years ago.  No fuss just tasty food and big enough portions at decent prices.  If you're a yuppie and value pampering and decor then go elsewhere.  Just cash or debit - awesome fair for real people.  My 18 year old daughter and 81 year old Mom (on her birthday) both gave it a thumbs up!One of three Harvey's restaurants in a span of approximately five blocks (the others at Laurier and King/Weber), this one is arguably the busiest due to the proximity to UW.Service is quick and efficient, though the employees aren't as interactive as the one at King/Weber. The burger is cooked decently, and toppings are inserted with a respectable amount. Overall I was satisfied with the burger.I wish the employees here would show a bit more emotion and at least acknowledge you though.It's a 2 for 1. I could literally fuel my tank with the amount of gas this place gives me (and everyone I know). The food tastes good but smells kinda like that "Harvey's smell" and it's hard to get rid of...you'll know what I mean if you try it out sometime!!Basic burgers and fries. Good location near the University. Clean and quick but still just a burger.Food was well prepared and service was pretty fast. It's a pretty good place to grab a bite on the go without spending too much money. A lot more tastier than other typical burger places such as McDonald's.Food is far from being Indian, no flavor, no spice. Customised to local demand. Dosas and sambar are ok though.Its not what you would expect from a outlet mall but it does provide a good break from the heat if you been up and running around in the summer at the St. Jacob Market.The outlet mall itself is very clean and located in a old Barn looking like building. There are not much high brand stores...well there aren't much stores at all. The washrooms are clean and you can get cold water from the water fountain. There is not much choice on the food either but the small Lego toy building zone is fun and they have bunch of good stuff built as well.After reading other reviews from other sites too, I think it is nice to mention that they have added sashimi into their dinner menu.  This is a small-medium sized AYCE sushi restaurant. Something about the store, maybe it was the lighting, but it gave me a dirty feeling. The staff there weren't extremely fluent in the English language, but still provide adequate services. They checked up on us regularly, maybe every 15 minutes or so, and provided new order sheets after taking in your orders (although they did forget once). The salmon sashimi have a fish taste to them, so that's a good sign. The sushi isn't packed with rice either. The kalbi beef was also pretty good, although 1 order only gets you 2 pieces of short ribs. They provide a pretty big selection of food and specialty rolls. But the hot sauce they use in their spicy salmon was a little off, the maki rolls were cut at weird angles which turned them into uneven pieces, and the sashimi portions stay the same whether you order 10 pieces or 6 pieces. They just cut the pieces smaller if you order 10. LOL.The major issue I have with this restaurant though is actually how they limit you 1 scoop of ice cream. "But this is an AYCE restaurant..." I thought in my head...I always get 3 scoops of ice cream after an AYCE meal, I know, I'm such a fat ass ;Denvironment: 3/5

The Diamondback Roll were not good at all.  The crab had an odd taste that is difficult to describe. If you want to try Blue Sushi I suggest you visit during Happy Hour the prices  are very reasonable.Mixed.  Friendly, great location and vibe.  Service could be better.  Spicy tuna and shrimp tempts rolls were small.Not impressed by the food. Too much rice in the rolls and not enough fish. Happy hour had decent prices and the owner was nice. Atmosphere is neat and great for a date but definitely not my favorite sushi joint in the valley and probably will not return.Here I sit.... My first sushi place I'm going to try since arriving in phx today. Haven't eaten since this morning and is now 8:30 pm. What I was hoping for, a fairly quick stop, has now turned into 45 minutes and no sushi! Looks like the cook didn't show up so 1 person is doing it all. Correction.. The owner likes to do it all on Mondays I am told. We shall see if it was worth the wait. Later... Still waiting.... It's arrived!!  Sashimi tasted fresh and the rolls were very good. I am def a connoisseur of sushi. Been to the best and eat it all the time.  The slow service kind of spoiled the occasion for me. I will try them one more time to see if they should have been 4 stars if service. My server was very nice. Not surprised since she's from South Carolina. Very nice with great southern hospitality.I was actually torn between giving a three or four star review. 3 1/2 is probably more appropriate. The place looks pretty hip and fun. The prices are a little high for some of the roles that would typically be a lot less at any other establishment I've ever been to. Some of them are more expensive than even the most expensive sushi places I've been to. Which are in the hundreds by now. The sushi was OK once we got it. However the biggest disappointment of the night was the waitress who was a complete idiot. She was kind of cute in for tacious but she was horrible at her job. She had about 8 feet to walk to the sushi bar and drink bar. It took forever to get a drink. She kept telling us she didn't forget about us and that it would take another 15 minutes to get anything. They only had one sushi chef and lots of people ordering so it took a long time to get our rolls.I hope this is not the best Mexican food available in the entire city of Charlotte and if this is what people consider authentic Mexican or even tex-mex - wow! However, the place is still fun and the food is belly-filling. The jalapeno cheese dips were crazy popular with my dinner mates - we ordered one with meat, one plain, and one with spinach. The spinach combo was addictive.Service was fantastic and attentive and almost loving!Living in South Carolina means Mexican food does not come by very often. I think the last time I had food like this was in February, so I've been pretty hard pressed for non-Moe's food.With that in mind, Zapata's has plenty of non-burrito options, but for the fare of enchiladas, tacos, and a pretty extensive specialities menu, I thought it was kind of expensive. I got the enchiladas de mole, and even though the rice and beans were pretty standard, it was just what I wanted for my fix. I liked the mole sauce and the salsas for the table, but I noticed that our food looked like it had been waiting for a little bit when it came out. One of my friends ordered the Street Tacos, and she contests that they are among the best she's ever had. I think the aura of the place and the service is what makes Zapata's stand out from the neighborhood Mexican fixture of long combination menus. The place is huge on the inside, and the high ceilings had good decorations and a lot of conversation buzzing around. My favorite item was a line of rusty horse sculptures bursting out of the wall.It's definitely worth checking out for a birthday as well: lots of surprises and fun that only an energetic and attentive wait-staff can bring.We went to Zapata's for the first time and it was good.  Laid back atmosphere with good service.  My husband and I shared the fajitas and they were great.   I would say that the salsa served with the chips was not great.  It had good flavor but was soupy.  All in all though, it was a good experience and we'll go back.Ouch!  Usually this would be at LEAST a 4-star review from me.  When I worked in Cornelius I used to go to Zapatas a few times a week for what we liked to call "Mexican Therapy" lunches.I was so excited when my (new) boss asked if we wanted to do a late lunch at Zapatas this past week in Ballantyne.We were seated fast, asked for waters and a chance to look over the menu, given chips and salsa, delivered waters, and were left there for 25 minutes.  One of the women at my table physically got up and got us napkins.  Then about 10-15 minutes later she walked over and asked them to take our order.  It was crazy.  All three of the waiters were sitting in the back (within eye-shot), but just didn't come over to our table.So we got our food pretty fast and then were brought one check.  We put our cards out-they just sat there.  When one of the guys came over to fill up our waters we asked him to please take the check even though he wasn't our waiter.  Poor thing had no idea what we were asking him to do.  Finally we wrapped everything up and got out of there within 1.5 hours.I still give this place a 3 stars because I honestly believe that maybe they were just having an off day.  Even my boss, who goes there at least 2 times a week said that this was strange for them.The food is great--I always get disappointed when Mexican Restaurants don't serve tamales, but it's cheap and usually pretty fast service.Wish I could've shared better news here!When I am in the mood for Mexican food in the Ballanytne area, I generally think of Senior Tequila or Cantina 1511 instead of Zapatas. Its been quite a while since I have eaten here because my last visit wasn't very memorable.  However, when someone suggested it for lunch the other day, I was game to give them another try.  We arrived at around 12:15 and were seated immediately.  They offered a good selection of lunch specials in addition to the normal lunch menu.  I decided to go with one of the chicken burrito specials which was served with a side salad.  The food was pretty good and the service was a-ok.While this is not my favorite Mexican restaurant, the food is good and service around lunchtime is a-ok.  They do have some nice choices for lunch specials, which are very reasonably priced.   I am a fan of the Fronterra Burrito which includes rice, black beans, chicken & cheese that is served with a side salad.  Chips & salsa are tasty and plentiful, so remember not to fill up before your entree arrives!Zapata's, tu es OK, amigo.No muy bueno, no muy mal. Tu es asi asi.Seriously folks - Zapata's is great for those people who don't love Mexican food. Or who don't like spicy things. Or who have 5 kids to feed with the purchase of 1 entree on Tuedays (or whatever day that is).But for those true Meh He Cano cuisine lovers out there, skip Zapata's and come to East Charlotte to party with the authentic places. If you don't want to drive that far, head to Stonecrest and enjoy some Cantina 1511. But don't waste anytime here - you'll leave saying "Eh... it was alright" and to be honest, life's too short to eat OK Mexican food.Got home late from work on Friday didn't feel like cooking yada yada yada.  When you have young children you have got to find a place that is "child friendly".  Zapatas fits the bill.  Now, in my single days I used to go here all the time and the food was great, and I like that it is a step up from the places that you order a #14 and they bring you a plate of mixed crap, rice and beans.

Chips came too oily and salty did not enjoy it.

This meal was nice, and I would go back for the stone crab claws.  There were parts that were great and parts that were not so great about this experience.I had a terrible time finding this place in the forum shops at Caesars.  I was coming from Vdara so the trek through the Belagio and Caesars is long and windy.  But thank goodness I had made a reservation earlier in the day.  The service was awesome and very friendly!  The food was delish.  Tried the stone crab and it was good, but for me it was not as flavorful as king crab.  Maybe it was because I had the medium claws.  The mustard sauce made the meal.  Also had the seafood chopped salad and the seabass, both of which were very good.  All in all I had a nice time at the restaurant and  would go back.My husband was very happy with their lobster and steak combo meal, definitely worth the $65 he says, well, everyone is entitled with his or her opinions.  I tasted it.  They are good but not phenomenal.   My 9 year old had 3 of their baked potatoes with chives and butter, they are good but then what doesn't taste good with load of butter? My older son scored!  his caesar salad was the best to me.  It had the perfect balance of flavors, delicious.  I was the least lucky one for the night.  I had a TERRIBLE TIME!  All because I started with the half-dozen oysters, which were not what I had expected.  First of all, they tasted bitter! The flavor didn't improve after I dipped them in the sauce it came with.  As a seasoned oyster sampler, I know the good fresh oysters don't need any sauce or dipping, they are good on their own.Secondly, they were tiny. I'm talking about the actual meat part.  One of them was the size of my thumb nail, no kidding.  And worse of all, I had a very bad tummy ache right after I ate the oysters.  Ouch, ouch!At this point I ordered their lobster bisque, thinking it might ease my tummy ache.  But the bisque tasted so weird, it was too salty, and too sweet at same time.  And my tummy ache got worse now, I had to let my son get up so I can lay down.  That didn't help, so I asked for some very hot water. Then another pot, and another.  I was sweating profusely after 3 pots of hot piping water by now, and I was a royal mess regretting ordering that wretched oysters.  But at least I could get up and walk back to our room at the end, thank God, we are not staying at Augustus tower this time, or I have to walk more.I am thankful to that nice bus boy who brought me hot water. God bless u for ur sweet tender heart.  All this time, our waitress, a well-weathered one, witnessed my pain with such an indifference as if she has seen the world of suffering.  I think she was afraid if she admit i got ill from their oysters we may not pay her.  I know there are people who do that, but not us.  The bill was almost $200 with the wine, nothing was comped even with  my terrible plight.  She was very glad to take the hefty tip from us though.  I have never had reactions like this to the oysters before, and oysters are my favorite food if u read my profile.  It was just not my night.Since the rest of my family did have good meal, I am giving them a very generous 3 stars.  I would have rated them higher if the waitress didn't retort me bitterly after I gave her my feedback of the oysters and the lobster bisque each time.  Hey, waitress lady, everyone else may prefer ur tiny bitter taste oyster but I don't, is that a crime?  Also, please don't look aghast when I tell u I didn't care the lobster bisque as if I am not refined enough to appriciate ur "fine" dinning.  A decent and graceful hostess would have taken it back right away.Joe's stone crab never lets you down! All-around fresh seafood. Oysters were not as fresh or large as the location in Miami. Sadly, I was disappointed. Seafood is good but not as amazing as Miami..but maybe it's related to the shipping route of the ingredients? Service is superb. All very professional, friendly, and informative. They get an A+++!Short story the food is almost good and they give you a very good bread basket.Long story.You have to order seafood or beef here that is what they do.My husband ordered the rib eye sandwich and I ordered the maui maui lunch plate. My waitress suggest that I order a side dish because she thought it wouldn't be enough food so I ordered the heirloom tomatoes.Someone soon brings out a bread basket, I do have to say that it was a very good above average bread basket with yummy pretzel bread, a cheese and onion roll and other breads.We received the tomatoes and I do note that the tomatoes were stunning great tomatoes but I hated the vinaigrette because it had chunks of gelatin in it and I thought that was gross. My husband didn't mind the chunks of gelatin so some people might like it that way. I was able to eat the tomatoes if I scraped the gelatin chunks off.We receive the meals and my husband said the rib eye was pretty good but had a lot of butter poured on it. My maui maui was nice and fresh but was DROWNING in butter. The jicama slaw that came with my meal was almost good but I couldn't eat it after I tasted it because it was totally oil saturated.If you like LOTS of BUTTER or OIL with your food and a great bread basket EAT AT JOE'S!.... just kinda So-So!    This is probably my 20th time coming to this restaurant and for some reason the claws were a little bit 'blah'.  They were smashed beyond recognition and were just overall whimpy. We bought the medium size which are normally sweet, plump and perfect.   But, after this experiance --- if I go back, maybe the Large Size is the only way to go for better quality.    My favorite salad there is the BLT -- Very Yum and they are always nice to split it for me and my husband. --- and the sides are always good --- creamed spinach and lyonaise potatoes!  They also have some reasonable price wine by the bottles that are very good.   I just wish the crab was more crab-a-licious.....The shrimp scampi was a little bland and I had to add salt. The shimps were so big that I got pretty full quick.The bacon wrapped scallops were delish!It was a little pricey, but what do you expect in Vegas.The cole slaw was great, so was the fried calamari appetizer. This could be a great place... with my dentist! The crab claws are cold. Their shells aren't just cracked, they are SHATTERED with little bits unavoidably ending up in your teeth and mouth. It makes for a good diet when you're scared to chew the food!Dined here with a party of 8 people and we were given the special table in the back room.  Great service but oddly the room had a large TV in it.  The stone crabs are very good and the scallops wrapped in bacon was fine.  I'd stay away from the broccoli side dish as it was oddly spiced, but the smashed potatoes were excellent.  I recommend the key lime pie for dessert; definitely the best I've had.I want to start off by saying that this is really more of a 3.5 than a straight 3 (Silly Yelp and it's refusal to allow for half-stars...)I really enjoyed our evening at Joe's. I had never had stone crabs, and the claws we ordered were good, and the dipping sauce was completely addictive.I ordered the salmon au poivre, and it was truly lovely. The fish was perfectly cooked, and the fennel and radish salad was refreshing and the perfect complement to the salmon. Other dishes at our table included two filets (perfectly cooked and seasoned) and one liver-and-onions. There's not a lot to be done about the texture, but the flavor of the liver and sauce was nice.We decided on the pan roasted sweet corn, cole slaw, and celery root au gratin for the side dishes. The best part of the corn was all the smokey flavor of grilled corn without all the crap that gets caught in your teeth. The cole slaw is bright and vinegary, something I appreciated since I don't love mayo. The au gratin was a nice change from potato.We concluded our meal with a slice of the signature key lime pie, which had one of the best graham cracker crusts I've ever had. It was a nice meal, and everything was satisfying, so why three stars? Overall, it was a delicious meal, but a few things stuck out. For one, the crabs were great, but I'm not sure I felt like they were worth the $60. The au gratin was definitely under-seasoned, and I suspect that the pie was previously frozen because it certainly seemed frosty in the middle. Our server was nice, but he seemed to be reading from a script at times, and I was a little frustrated in his answers at points. I would consider coming back to Joe's, but there are other places I'd rather try in the meantime.I would really rate our overall experience as 3.5 stars...(Yelp really needs to let us give half star ratings! )We ordered the following: stone crab claws appetizer, rib-eye, petite filet, 1lb grilled lobster tail, with sides of mushroom/spinach/asparagus. Compared to other establishments of this caliber their food was a hit & miss for us that night. The filet was perfectly cooked, but the quality of the rib-eye wasn't that great. It was a little on the chewy & slightly stringy side. The rib-eye at Gallagher's in NY NY hotel was better. The chilled stone crab claws were pleasantly sweet & delicious, but we felt that they were quite overpriced (~$25 for two claws). The 1lb lobster tail was cooked well, but lacked the subtle charred/smokey flavor that I love from a grilled lobster tail. As for the sides of mushroom, asparagus, & spinach...all three were overly salty. They also forgot our bread basket which they immediately remedied as soon as we asked about it. Other than that our server was great (4 stars for service) & we still enjoyed a nice dinner. Our total bill including tip came to $250, but we will be trying other steakhouses/restaurants first before coming back here.Another great dinner at Joes Stone Crab.  I had the stone crab of course, sauteed spinach with garlic - everything was fresh and perfectly prepared.  Service was impeccable and the place is very comfortable.Very fair.  Went with waiter's recs & shouldn't have. Joe's in Florida so much better.Maybe it was the fact it was lunch, or that I kept weighing it with the location in Miami... or maybe that it was so crowded and there was an accident (someone dropped a glass that shattered while moving around the crowded outer patio seating... but I didnt enjoy it as much as I would have had.  The food was good, by all means, but maybe it wasnt the day I should've gone.The atmosphere & service was great. Our food was good, but didn't impress me very much. We had oysters on the half shell, rock crab, and stone crab. I guess they're both stone crab, but the rock crab is from a specific area. They both tasted the same to me. The best part is that they are very large, so it's super easy to get the crab meat out. I love crab and may have had too high expectations on the crab. It tasted good, but not any better than crab at a different seafood restaurant. The oysters were delicious and fresh.You make me dance, bring me up, bring me down, plays it sweet

My husband and I came here to relax and pamper ourselves. To start, we were given a tour of the shop which I felt was unnecessary. It was awkward because I didn't come to shop, and I wasn't going to buy anything. There was not a very large retail area so a tour was a waste of time. Apparently, the shop owner believes in the healing and energy of crystals, ect... I am not into the New Age ideas or relics, and to be told all about them annoyed me.  The actual service was nice and worth the minor inconveniences, but overall, I was uncomfortable. I was told to chose an angel card, which I later realized was some sort of reading. Again, I  wasn't comfortable with this.

Buffalo Exchange is more for young hipsters than 40 year old guys but I was able to find  a pair of size 38 "7 for All Mankind Jeans for $45".  There also were two Express 1MX fitted shirts (XL) that I was tempted on but I would need to drop a few more pounds to fit into them properly so I will just hold off on them for now.

 Fazit: direkt nach dem Besuch ging meine Tendenz sogar Richtung zwei Sterne - wegen des guten gegrillten Lammes und weil der Beitrag des ersten Schreibers dann vielleicht doch etwas überzogen ist- schwenke ich nun auf drei.

lays it on us, we line up

- The atmosphere of the facility -- think movie theater mated with upscale night club.

Chinese BroccoliPan Fried XO NoodleI like the Pan Fried Daikon Cake, Deep Fried Meat Ball, Baked BBQ Pork Bun, Steamed Pork Shiu Mai, Shrimp Har Gow, Bean Curd Skin Roll, Fried Shrimp Puff, Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf, Shrimp Rice Noodle, Beef Rice Noodle, and Pan Fried XO Noodle.I don't mind their other dumplings, but they're just okay. Not the best skin, but good fillings. Daikon (Turnip) Cake is one of my favorite dim sum and although I'll still eat theirs, it's doesn't have the best texture and it's slightly mushy. I like the flavor of their Pork Spareribs, but there is so, so much fat in relation to how much actual meat is available. I also don't like their Steamed BBQ Pork Bun as it's really dry. Stick to their baked version if you want Char Siu Bao. The only dish that I really don't care for is the Steamed Beef Ball; it's such a weird texture. We spent a little over $50 for two people (including tax and tip). You tend to spend less money with groups of 3-4 since you're sharing more and tend to get less food overall. Also, most plates come with 3-4 pieces.I was craving dim sum as we drove back from Zion and passing through Las Vegas, so I turned to Yelp. We arrived before it opened so we decided to explore by driving The Strip. This place opens at 10:30AM and has a big parking lot. It got crowded as we dined.They have your usual hai gow, siu mai, chicken feet, etc. The food was pretty good and so was the service. It was spacious and comfortable. The price was sort of pricy as it was $50 for the 4 of us. But I guess it really depends what you order and how much. I would come back though.Good ol' classic dim sum dishes, I've been going here ever since I moved to Vegas. Hot chrysanthemum tea and sugar will help you wash down all that oil. The only reason why I gave this place 3 stars was because of my recent experience. This lady came by, interrupted our discussion and had the damn nerve to ask us "Can you pay for the bill now?" I'm sorry but you don't decide nonetheless demand people to pay when they're obviously not ready to leave. Then she snatched the credit card from my friend's hand. Excuse me!? She acted like we were about to dine and dash or something. Rude af, she's lucky I didn't go off on her.Dim sum all day? A little strange given that dim sum is a brunch item. But, it's Vegas and I was looking for something good after a night out and this sounded amazing. This place is located on the opposite end of Chinatown so it's a little quiet. I walked in around 4.00p and it was kinda dead. The dim sum carts were rolling just like if it was regular busy hours. You can either order straight from the menu or from the carts. The flavor was good but what bugged me was that some of be dim sum items were lukewarm. But, I guess it's hard to keep it fresh and warm it's offered all day and it's not busy. However, the fresh items were really good. The portions are also a little smaller which I like cuz usually after binging on dim sum I feel bloated. Plus, I feel less guilty. Overall, if you crave dim sum at non serving hours and need a quick fix come here.This place is a ok. There's definitely not too many good dim sum places compared to Orange County. This is the only decent dim sum restaurant in Vegas. They have a good selection and the carts are always moving. Plus their customer service is pretty decent here.I'm just not a huge fan of this place. Dim sum is fine, but after each of the three times I've been here, I've had a stomachache and slight nausea afterwards. Food is kinda greasy/oily even for dim sum! I've had my fair share of dimsum, and don't get me wrong, I love me some msg & enough oil to make a dish taste good, but you don't have to overdo it to the point of feeling discomfort afterwards. It's loud, there's always a wait regardless of the time of day, and good luck getting any kind of minimal service here (& I'm not expecting much service at dimsum anyways). Last time I was here, a server lady poured soy sauce on a dish from three feet up (slight exaggeration but hardly). It splashed up from the plate (duh), but there was no change in behavior from server or apology for her actions. However, having said all the above, if you're craving dim sum, this is the place to satisfy it, sadly. Side rant: Can we start a petition to get rid of the loud banquet hall style Chinese restaurants? Like some quieter ones where diners don't have to shout to each other to be heard would be awesome.The place was easy to find . The parking lot was small.  The restaurant  was about 40 40% full. Carts came frequently.  It was nice to have Restaurant  that served dimsum all day.the harrow was small but tasty. The rice  soup was Luke warm and  bland. The beef cheng fun was average but the beef needed for cilantro. We did like their white  turnip cakes which was very fresh. The barbecue  pork bun was decent but the meat was dry. Price was OK about  15 dollars a personPretty good as far as food. I like having Dimsum here. I've been here a couple of times and it's always really good. Now, if we can just let the cart servers smile... Ooooohhh it'll be fabulous ... Mmmm smile juuuust a little bit... Okay almost there , there , there ?.........It'll happen :).... :) ....... :)My eternal search for the perfect Dim Sum in Las Vegas.

I agree with Charles R - no need to pay full price (especially as the regular prices are a bit hight) and it is better than Ra.Definitely not the best sushi I've had in town, but the drinks are good (cucumber mojito!) and the place is set up well for happy hour groups.The servers I have encountered are all VERY patient with people coming and going within the group and individual checks for everyone.  Knowing what a pain that is, I really appreciate how willingly they do it.For good sushi, I will stick with Yasu or Sakana.  For happy hour, this is a great place - and the Tempe Marketplace location is convenient to several friends.I have been here twice now before movies at the harkins theatre and I would go back again. While this is not the trendiest sushi place, nor the cheapest, but it delivers decent quality seafood and better than average service. If your at tempe marketplace for whatever reason and want to grab a quick healthy bite to eat give this place a shot. Next time im going to try to make it for happy hour as they have good deals then.Stopped in last night for drinks before seeing Inception. Having never been before, I was impressed by the decor and the swanky looking bar area. My date and I had a seat at the bar and were quickly taking care of. After reading a few of the reviews, I'd definitely want to come back and try HHStopped by for the first time last night. Our order:**2 spicy tuna hand rolls - uh....NOT how you make hand rolls. the nori is supposed to be crunchy, not soggie....but the spicy tuna was good.

My choice?

-Prices, $25 tickets, $35 with fast pass

The interior is contemporary and open, the bar seating is interior but open to the patio.  The patio has several tables and umbrellas but I can see how it can fill quick.  I arrived at around 1140, they were still serving brunch (which I believe is served till 2 on both saturday and sundays).  Not really feeling what I saw on the brunch menu, I asked for a lunch/full menu. I ordered a  white sangria which was refreshing and served with crisp apple slices and juicy sections of orange.  I finally decided on the Howie Burger cooked medium.  It is served with a nice gruyere cheese carmelized onions and a dijon sauce.   I was expecting the onions to be more simple and not marinated with a balsamic vinegar and I found the dijon sauce excessive and rather sweet.  I can't complain too much the burger patty itself was cooked perfectly medium as ordered.  All said and done I wish I had ordered the regular burger.So not impressed..I hope  that  this is only a result from going on Mother's Day.  We had reservations but got  there early .. thought maybe they could seat us ...nope in fact they seated us late and  appeared to seat other  foursomes sooner ...weird ..when I finally went to "check "  they suddenly were seating us.. hmm. Our waitress seemed to keep disappearing and we had to wrangle up other servers for refills, sauces, questions ,water  , she never seem to be there... chips and salsa took forever to arrive .   I am really surprised that there wasn't a busboy type just refilling glasses. For  a special day it seems to be a good investment.For the cost and the reputation I thought we'd have an outstanding meal .  Wrong ..the best thing at the table was my daughters french fries    and the guacamole..  My short rib tacos tasted bland , no spice , with blackened bland tortillas  nothing special... Mom's salad wasn't rinsed properly and by  the end of the meal it  had a lake swishing around the bottom of her plate..  Yuk. For the hassle of valet only parking , late reservations , and okay food it just wasn't worth it.This is a pretty solid place that serves consistently good food.  I've been here about a dozen times most recently being last Friday night.  I do have several gripes about this place though.  First off, I know it isn't their fault that they are so busy and have a small parking lot, but I HATE places that force valet parking upon you.  Secondly, the place is so frikkin loud.  Also, I don't like that they don't have a soda fountain.  Instead, they give you cans of diet coke at like $3 a pop.  Finally, I think their prices are a WAY steep for what you get, but I don't blame them considering the well-heeled crowd that the place attracts.Anyway, about the food:* Shrimp Ceviche = pretty good, decent amount of shrimp, but needs more flavor or spice or something.

 + Plenty of seating in the living room if you have lots of people with you

And although I did not enjoy my meal this time due to my taste buds being temporarily injured and not being able to really taste anything else past the chili, the fun atmosphere, the great service from my waiter/waitress, the awesome drinks, and the need to try other items on the menu guarantees a certain Le Return.For now, Le Thai gets 3 stars which is actually 5 if you go by their chart.Server was knowledgeable but hostess/manager was extremely rude. Will update after a second attempt.It was eh...   I though it would be better.

+ Clean room & bathroom

For that I would give them 4 stars.

I wanted a new frame ,preferably plastic but, will take metal. Also new glass.

Slow baked salmon: Really good piece of salmon and cooked perfectly

Next time you are in, we will offer you a side of hummus, to thank you for trying to make the place better.  Ask for Jessie,she will be happy to help you.

When they use cheese and sauce, I mean, it's SO much. 'Murica has an obesity epidemic.  This is one reason why!

After you select your food, you have the option of customizing your order (adding/reducing ingredients).  Keep in mind that adding options will probably increase the meal cost while reducing or removing options will likely keep the price the same.

        We ordered  The Rock, The King, Dragon eyes, Dragon balls (o_O), Chicken Teriyaki & hand rolls.  The hand rolls are generic and they taste like any hand rolls you get at fast food sushi places.  Dragon eyes was good. So was The rock. The King was kinda meh.    So : Food -  GoodService - Freindly

Cost is up to $650 a month, including utilities. add 12% tax.I frequent this location the most often and for good reason! The Subway is conveniently located to my home, but the great customer service is what makes this my favorite store. I visited on Saturday evening around 7 PM and I was the only customer.  I was promptly greeted and the cashier was very friendly. He graciously let me change out my sub bread when I saw a flavor I wanted to try (jalapeño flavor! ) without a peep. He also answered all the questions I had with a smile.I ordered a sub with a veggie patty, which I love because it's more substantial than the veggie delite. It's a great option for vegetarians,  although it is on the more expensive side (as all "fake" meat is). The cookies at Subway are always amazing- my favorites are the chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin.The store is always clean and has plenty of seating as well.If Angelique tells you "15-20 minutes", expect to wait 3-4 times that long.Some of the staff are good, others are barely competent. It is a crap shoot as to whether or not you will get a (quality) hair cut in a reasonable amount of time.I hadn't been to this Starbucks in a while because I don't frequent this mall that much, but popped in before a meeting at one of the retailers the other morning. First of all, it's around the corner from a soon-to-be-opened TopShop, that's just one star personally in my book. Ok, not really, but had I not gone to Starbucks I wouldn't have seen the TopShop and so now I'll always associate this location with the joy of discovering TopShop-TOPSHOP you guys!Ok the stars are really for improved service and design. LIke I said, I hadn't been here ina  while and it looks like the store underwent some remodeling to give it a more modern look and it was set up to make the traffic flow of the store better. If you've ever been in the Starbucks at McCarran (the one in C gate I think?)-they have it set up to have the line wrap around a display case and then go out the door for the least amount of confusion. Not to say that the line won't get long, but at least there's clear order on where you should be getting in line at. The 'Bux at the FS is set up this way and there is less "Is this where the line starts?" or "I know this old man didn't just cut me in line."I don't like 'Bux coffee in general because it always tastes burnt if I get it plain and I can't justify paying $3 for a small coffee full of sugar and dairy with a splash of coffee. My cappuccino on Friday was all foam. Literally like 3 ounces of coffee. I'm not sure why I risked a cappuccino-guess I shouldn't have tried to live on the edge. The staff was friendly nonetheless and my drink came out uick.If you're partial to Starbucks and are in this mall, this store has seen a recent major upgrade and there's plenty of seating outside of the store.This place is a def hit or miss!!Now I LOVE hazelnut iced coffee, and if you get a good cashier you have to be super nice and tell them to make it yummy... and for the most part they do. This recent vist after work SUCKED. The cashier was a bish and was not personable what so ever. Ill assume she was pissed bc she was 45 and working at a Starbucks in a mall!So here I am waiting in this BUSY location. Granted they should have more than 2 cashiers, but the place is TINY. Oh well, I waited about 3 mins for my drink, and of course it came out like SHIT but whatevs!Next time I come, hopefully I get the nice awkward girl who makes it excellent and says "Thank you"I have used this company a couple of times.  I guess I was lucky that Mike took care of me each time.  Yesterday I called and pre-paid for a very small piece of plexiglass.  I was told it would be ready the next day and someone would call me. By 2pm I had not hear from anyone

- Close to the strip (can make it from my room to strip within minutes)- Many cool amenities and restaurants.  Hash House A Go Go, High Roller, Car Collection, and upgraded walkway between Linq and Flamingo are amongst best features.- Mat Franco show was awesome!!- Room had a refrigerator, very nice feature!- Valet and Self Parking were easyCons:

*The staff was extremely friendlyCons

Okay so on their online "Happy Hour" menu this drink is described as: Milky Way

Service:  Very good

+1 live music-1 service was lacking. I think they were distracted by the drunkards surrounding them

What a whore.

They have lots of everything and anything you think you may need (except for sometimes basil or parsley but the staff's very nice and they'll even go to the back

- I wanted to get away from teachers who taught opinions instead of facts. Yes, this happened. Yes, I told him he was wrong for doing so. Yes, he hated me for it.

Mission...mmm

The employees at this Sally's location are friendly, but seem to be in no rush to assist customers and get them out the door. Maybe that's corporate strategy intended to increase impulse buying?? When I was here today there were two employees at the check out stand helping out two separate customers. Excellent, but there were also three customers waiting alongside the checkout stand with questions. The first employee barely acknowledged the waiting customers when they addressed her with their question, but after a few moments had passed the second employee let the customers know he would help them in just a minute. The customer service could probably be improved just a little bit, but I'm sure I'll be back no matter what.Oh Sally's... Always an adventure. This store has the stuff I want at great prices. You save more if you buy a member card ($5/year- not too bad). Like the reviewer below, I would also agree that the employees are less than helpful. They don't attempt to ask if you need help and don't have much to say when I ask questions about their products. They look miserable- like they can't wait to get out of work. Oh well, it doesn't seem like there is any manager/supervisor type of person so I accept that this is just the way it is...Luckily I know my way around Sally's and the website has customer reviews to help you decide on products. That does mean that I have to do research online before coming in since I can't rely on the employees which is just a little inconvenient. All-in-all, a great selection of products at good prices but mediocre service.Sally's is always really good when you need the "real professional stuff" which most of the time, no one really needs unless you're bleaching your hair or something.Overpriced nail polish and eyelashes. actually overpriced everything usually! they always greet you at the door but never seem interested in helping you out! Unless you're really in need of professional stuff, everything else can be found at a reasonable price elsewhereWhen I was a young lad I had my fair share working at sub par pizza parlors which helps me conclude Sicily's is equal to something around the qualities of Domino's.The biggest pros for Sicily's is that it is 24 hours (I'm not 100% sure, they claim it, and I have ordered something 3am in the morning), they're a small business (yay), they deliver, and.. they always have some promotion where you can snag something from them for cheap. Today I recall seeing two cheese slices and a soda for $4.99 which is great if you're looking for a quick meal during your lunch break. I recall a few times I've ordered a XL pizza for something around $6.99, thats crazy cheap. They pizza is also decent, medium crust, crispy,  they do not skimp out on the toppings, but you gotta eat it quick or else you'll face the dreaded soggy pizza (probably from having too many toppings). Their meat calzone is tasty, but also suffers from soggy syndrome if you wait too long.They also serve pasta, cheesecake, buffalo wings, breadsticks, and salads.I received a flyer in my door one day that advertised 2 medium pizzas, any way that I like them, for $11.99. Sweet! I ordered my usuals but one with stuffed crust (no extra charge because of the coupon) & one regular. If I had to choose only one word to describe the pizzas, it would be: alright. I enjoyed the taste of the cheese but it was the type that's all in one piece so it's prone to doing the pizza landslide where everything falls off in one bite. The toppings were quality, and as Susan I. said, the ham is savory and delicious, unfortunately, the crusts didn't match up. I'm a sucker for stuffed crust from Pizza Hut where it has cheese oozing out and you can't see the other end, but this one clearly had a disappointing light at the end of it's tunnel. This crust also seemed to be thinner on the rest of the pizza so it got soggy before I even took my first bite. On the original crust, the center of the pizza was good but the crust was almost like a pizza from the freezer aisle. The people who worked there were really welcoming and their promotions are a great bargain if you're just looking for something to fill you up. P.S. There is now one table situated outside for those who want to dine in.Bought the groupon today, $10 for $5.Pros: two italian guys cooking, prices good, food generally goodCons: Bought the groupon, but only had online to go off of to order, online site messed up and prices/offerings are very different than the actual menu. Example: quoted $14 for a large pizza, but found out I could have got one for $7 if I had an actual menu. Prices online are more expensive than the actual cost. Pricing very sketchy.  Mushrooms on pizza clearly from a can??? Not sure.  Overall, not bad, but not good.  Especially given the 500 other pizza places to eat at in the city.This is the typical late night pizza to munch on when you're not sober.  They're not exactly open 24 hours but close enough.  We got a half and half of Hawaiian and Margherita.  That sounded a heck of a lot better after a few drinks but now sounds ridiculous as I type this.  The Hawaiian side touted double Canadian bacon, double cheese and double pineapple.  Everything was doubled but the bacon.  The Margherita side was just a cheese pizza with basil and sliced tomato slapped on the top.  The cheese was also burnt on that side due to the fact that the Hawaiian side took longer to cook.  I blame myself.  You should ask for a takeout menu before you order because they have coupons you can use right on the spot like 2 x-large (which is actually just a large) pizzas any way you want them for a little less then $18.the service is crappy,people are cheap,but if you want really good pizza at a great price,this is the place get it.the wings,way to spicy,and to much sauce,bread,yuck.so if you're in the mood for just pizza order hereI had this a couple weeks ago late at night, it wasn't bad for $8 for an XL with ground beef. The fact that it is 24 hours is always a good thing.So last night - okay - EARLY this morning, I had a pizza craving.  And of course, there are very few late night delivery services. But in my searches, I found this joint. Orders at 230am and arrived at 340am. That was fine with me, because it was actually a distance from my home.  I ordered a large pepperoni thin crust and "mozzarella cheese sticks". The pie was actually really good - bit on the cool side due to the distance but nonetheless, pretty good pie.  I would order it again.  The cheese sticks?? Not so much. Half cooked, clearly microwaved nastiness. Needless to say, I didn't eat those.  The delivery driver was friendly, the service pretty good, pizza VERY good but I would stop at that.Ordered the meat and the pineapple with ham. Both were good.  Crust was nice, a bit soggy but probably because it was quite a long journey on the road before it reached our mouths. They were very friendly and gave a discount because it arrived later than promised. Overall, we had them delivered twice and it soaked up the alcohol well:-)  yum.This is not my favorite pizza place, but in a bind, it'll do just fine :) I ordered a medium pepperoni+mushroom+spinach pizza delivered, and it was A-OK.Pros:

Decor: New Orleanian (I think that's a word)Service: FriendlyEnvironment: Compact, closed KnitFood: N/A (although they had food, I can't speak on it)

3.they have some good restaurants border grill & house of blues had really good food.

Uh ok well that's fine, except that my coworker ordered two brownies, so is it maybe a possibility that she paid for two and just didn't receive what she paid for? Even if you can make the 30p argument, could we not have been told in a nicer way?We had also asked for a knife to cut the brownies so we could all share.  The knife was brought belatedly and just about dropped on the table.It was just a bit of a bizarre experience with, as I said, good product but the most bizarre and unfriendly service.I do wish the owners would read the reviews and realise what is letting them down.  There are so many cafes in Bruntsfield, people will soon discover other nice coffee and will move on to friendlier locales.It was a lovely sunny day in Bruntsfield and I had heard about this place from many other yelpers who are aware of my little coffee obsession so when I walked by it there was no way I couldn't go in.I ended up having a Parsnip and Chilli soup which was nice, if a little under-seasoned BUT they do small or regular portions which went down well with me as I wasn't after too much. The layout is a little confusing, we sat at our table for a good wee while not realising that it wasn't table service!? Also, anyone and everyone knows I love a good bit of cake. And even though the scones sounded delicious I have to admit the cake cabinet looked a little bit sad and empty!? Never a good thing.The service was ok, I didn't really like them passing our soup to us over the counter cause we were sitting near it. I would rather they had come round and put it on the table, it just seemed a little lazy and they weren't exactly busy. Coffee was quite good, but I don't know if I would choose to come here when artisan roast is so nearby. Overall, it was alright. I wasn't disappointed, but I wasn't massively impressed either.On Sunday, Susan M and I decided to meet for coffee, the perfect way to spend a chilled out afternoon. I wanted to try somewhere new and suggested Lovecrumbs, however, they were shut. Call me crazy, but is it not a bit of an error for a cafe to be closed on a Sunday?Anyway, instead I suggested Project Coffee. After we agreed, I then read the Yelp reviews, they weren't good but i'm happy to make my own mind up.When I got there, Susan had just ordered so I hurried over, asked for a cappuccino and then surveyed the cakes on offer. I'm not great at making quick decisions, so as I debated what to choose, the male member of staff just seemed a bit exasperated at me, not even suggesting "oh why don't you try our tasty chocolate cake", nope he just looked bored. I chose the carrot cake and we were told to sit down and they'd bring everything over.The speed of the service was fine, the coffee was faultless and the cake was delicious. So the only fault, as others seem to also say, was the staff. I would go back, but I think I will go and try other places on my list first :)A bog-standard coffee shop that didn't strike me as particularly different to the many competitors out there. I had a decent cup of tea and a good scone on my visit, and the mocha option looked pretty good too! I spent my entire time freezing though, with the door wide open and a cold draft making its way into the premises. A personal bugbear of mine, I was a bit of a misery from being so chilly. Pleasant staff were helpful and cheery. Nothing to complain about there. But in general, absolutely a-ok.Very good flat white for a decent price but their lunch options for me are over priced, all pretty much over £4.50 and they don't seem to be anything special! Nice but more style than substance!I can't really judge this place as I only had a chai while there, but going off the scones and atmosphere, I would say it is a nice stop in the Bruntsfield area. It was right next to where our family booked a holiday stay and every time we walked by it was full and busy. The initial service was a big slow considering how busy they were, but they were friendly and we got our drinks very quickly. The scones were very delicious and well sized for sharing. The chai was okay, very sweet, but fine if you are looking to. It over dose on coffee. My sister in law said the coffee was good, and it looked well made so I think it would be a good option if you are looking for something less crafty then Artisan Roast. The only annoying thing is that they have these fluorescent lights, which are very unattractive and makes it feel more like a quick stop cafeteria then a nice warm cafe. The interior is very nice with rough brick walls and a comfy couch in the back, but the lights make it not a very nice place to sit for too long.  All in all, a nice stop for a quick drink on the go.Project Coffee do a pretty good latte at a fair price. Ideal if you are passing by on the way to town. Unfortunately, as Jurgen said, their lunch options are rather overpriced, especially for what you are getting. Their sandwiches are tasty but do seem quite expensive. Any time I'm here I usually get a large latte and the chicken, brie and cranberry sandwich. There is a lot of flavour but the majority of the time the bread falls to pieces. It is pretty good bread though.The scones could possibly be the best part about this coffee shop. Nothing beats a fruit scone with clotted cream and jam.Service can be one of two possibilities with no middle ground. Sometimes service can be excellent as you are met with a very happy barista, and other times it seems a little slow although I have to admit it is usually more of the former than the latter.The best place to be seated is right at the back of the shop on the second of two blue couches although be warned that I have fallen asleep on one of these before.No WiFi = not good for project work.Project Coffee is ok here. A work colleague likes it so we'll sometimes meet here.

they have student specials if you're a student, which is smart for the two surrounding schools Loyola and RWA

Just one try and you too will be sold

 - LOVE the way elevators are layed out and ability to get to your room without GPS, like Caesars, Ballys, NYNY and most other hotels on the strip.I like the Paris Casino floor. The high ceilings help keep it from being too stuffy from smoke (and the paint doesn't hurt the atmosphere either). I attended a conference in the Paris, and it was comfortable and easy to navigate. There's plenty of food options and the streets modeled after the streets of the actual city are really cute.It is a pretty casino. Visually interesting. The ceiling is low but is made up for by having the "sky" right above you.the little shops are fun and interesting and are a nice break to take while right on the casino floor.Paris is our favorite strip hotel.  The food is exceptional especially at Mon Ami.  The gambling and atmosphere is fun.  The location of the property (Central Strip) is ideal.  The rooms are nice - but a standard hotel room in terms of size and amenities.  The shape of the hotel means you can have varying views depending on room location.  Competition among Strip hotels has lowered the average price for the Paris - so check it out.I would actually give it 4 stars but the cleaning lady didn't clean our rooms at all, all 3 nights, even though we weren't in the room. We actually booked 2 rooms, one at Cosmo, and one at Paris. We stayed in Paris the first night, and left it as a "smush" room. LOL. But didn't really use it, but it never got cleaned. It was nice having an extra room. I actually really like Paris' rooms. The decor was very nice, the bathroom was new and clean. The color of the rooms and beds were very nice, made me feel like I was actually in Paris. The rooms were smaller, but it's because they actually had nice furniture. The hotel itself was cool. I never stayed in Paris, and it was good. Great view of the mountains, gave me a peace of mind when I stared at it.Probably one of the better "cheaper" end hotels on the strip. I'll probably stay here next time! But request for maid service.The casino is very small and does not have several slot machines. The box office was closed during our stay here. We had to go to another casino to purchase show tickets. Customer service is excellent. The employees knew exactly where places were located and what the casino had to offer. Our room and bathroom was very clean. We did not eat at the buffet because the line was too long. Paris and Bally's share the buffet; therefore, it is always a two hour wait. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to be on the center of the strip and does not like spending too much money for a room. The hotel does have a few shops and restaurants that are great to go to.This is one of the nicer looking hotels in Vegas. Our room was pretty decent and the view was fine. So no complaint there. Its been at least 12 years since I was in Vegas last and it isnt the deal that it used to be. We got the room at a good price but EVERYTHING is freaking expensive. $4 for a bottle of water. $6 for a slice of pizza. $18 per person for the buffet. I think not. They nickel and dime you without mercy. Staff tried to hit me for a $50 daily fee for internet service because I used my debit card. WTH? The casino looks just like any other casino. Ive been to. This hotel isnt bad per se but its all the nickel and diming I can do without.We got free 3 nights stay for the New Year weekend and I don't know if we'd stay again. Location is fantastic and We were upgraded to a red room which was very nice. Two negatives - we found none of the chairs comfortable and the cost of WIFI - $15.95/device per night so the additional $64 was disappointing (a computer and IPAD were needed for work). Bed is great, they offer different types of pillows; bathroom is great and laptop safe and refrigerator were a bonus. A couple of the pieces of furniture were chipped. Sugar Factory was yummy for dinner. The Buffet in our opinion was awful. Food tasteless - except the yummy crepes. Food was also cold, the ongoing movement of dirty food carts was disruptive and it just had a "cheap" feel to it. I know we have been to many buffets in Vegas and this was by far the worst. The furniture in the restaurant was a mess and workers gathered in groups to talk which is not appropriate. Stay again? hmmmm....I enjoy this hotel for location and overall feel. Unfortunately the beds are quite uncomfortable and the sheets feel like sandpaper.We stayed in the "Red Room", king size suite. It was pretty nice, but small. I was fairly pleased but expected better. The buffet was mediocre. It did not have a good selection. The crepes were ok. It was very smoky because of the meat they were cooking - it was actually prettu nauseating. The desserts were great however. Despite the good desserts, I don't think we will stay there again. I didn't particularly enjoy it.So before saying here, I had walked through / gambled at Paris several times, and really enjoyed the environment of the casino and shops, so we decided to give the hotel a try.  Overall, I can't say I was impressed, but it was a decent experience.When we checked in, we requested a non smoking room, but got put into a smoking room, so we had to go back to the lobby to get our rooms switched.  Also, the next morning, after having been out until 6am, we were woken up by the sounds of construction at 9am down at the fountain / pool area on a Saturday.  We could hear the hammering loud and clear in our room, even on the 14th floor, and there were about 20 construction workers renovating the foundtain next to the eiffel tower.When we went down to complain about the construction, we were greeted with a rather cold lady at the check in desk who gave us a "well that's when the start of business is so there's nothing we can do."  She later offered to switch our rooms, but would have put us towards the back of the hotel without a view, so we declined, especially since she seemed incredibly unfriendly at that point and would probably have put us in the basement if she could.  No apology or offers of any kind, just a flat out, sorry, deal with it kind of attitude.  That was the major turn off for me, because most hotels try to give guests the best experience possible, and at the very least, would apologize for the construction, especially at NINE IN THE MORNING.  Saturday?  Seriously?  The one nice perk is that you can be put on the guest list for Chateau if you stay at the hotel, which saves on cover if you want to check out the club.  It's got a great outdoor section right under the eiffel tower, so overall a very nice atmosphere and venue.  The room itself with pretty standard, although I was a bit disappointed by the bed, which was not very comfortable.  It definitely loses to Cosmo, Palms, and even Treasure Island in terms of comfort.  It also has one of those fridges with the stocked mini bar so you can't keep any of your own stuff cold.The tables are fun, because it usually isn't as crowded as the other casinos on the strip.  Also, the dealers at the tables are incredibly friendly, unlike their counterparts at the front desk.  Overall, I don't think I'd choose Paris again, just too many little hiccups with the stay.  I'll stick to walking through to gamble.I can finally notify friends and family that I have been to Paris!I recently took a trip to Las Vegas to get my mind off of the hectic fall semester I endured at CSUN (Go Matadors!) and unsurprisingly was able to pass all of my classes and maintain a lovely GPA at a respectable level. So indeed I had many choices to decide upon but in the end, it was good ol' Las Vegas aka Sin City aka The City that Never Sleeps aka The Big Easy! Alas, I packed by bags, travelled 300+ miles without the unexpected wonderment of 'Fear and Loathing' episodes and spent a few nights at the heartland of Nevada.Of course while there, one of the few casinos I wanted to immediately visit was none other than Paris itself! Once I self-parked, I ventured over to where the boys are separated from the men. Where one wrong move can emphasize your entire trip and where the clouds do not move at all!Since this was my first time, I wanted to put it all on the table and go high! I had my lovely girlfriend by side and my favorite anti-dousche  jacket on. I was feelin' lucky. I began to feed the machine a barrage of US currency, betting MAX all the way because that's the way I 'roll.'I looked to my left. I looked to my right. Everything was moving along quite nicely until I noticed that all of my $15 were gone and that my girlfriend had actually won $4. Soon after, I retired from the world of amateur gambling and travelled on home, a road long divided...All in all, this shindig wasn't that bad. As always expect long lines for the buffet and do you really need to buy that $50 souvenir?!3 1/2 stars.I think there is a wing of the hotel that has been updated.  Unfortunately, I stayed one night in a part of the hotel that was NOT renovated yet.  The drapes are drab looking now and just look worn down by the sun.  The room was not as clean as I had previously enjoyed.Paris is centrally located on the strip, within walking distance of every major casino and hotel (Cosmopolitan and Bellagio are right across the street, Planet Hollywood and Caesar's Palace are also nearby)so that part of Paris's draw remains.I really have mixed feelings about Paris Las Vegas.  I really want to LOVE it, but for several reasons I don't.  The Hubs and I stayed here over Valentine's Day in order to celebrate 10 years together.  Since it was a special occasion I had really high hopes we would receive great service, but alas this wasn't the case.During the booking process, the service was excellent.  We were given a good rate and told that there would be a note on our reservation indicating our anniversary, so we should expect good service.  Upon our arrival I had high hopes for getting a good room and we were told that the room we were assigned was really nice with a view, but it wasn't ready.  We were fine with that because we wanted a nice room for our celebration - we were told to come back in two hours and our room would be cleaned by then (he said he put a rush request).  Well after 3 hours walking the strip and coming back at 4 for our room, it wasn't ready.  I was getting upset and clearly just wanted to plop down in a room for awhile, so the guy gave us another room with a view that was available.  He said it was in a good location not near an elevator.  Lies- it was the first door after a suite right near the elevators!  The room was ok - not the red room we booked, but it had a great view of the fountains and Eiffel tower.  Unfortunately, we were next to a suite, which was really noisy.  We were really upset and asked to move rooms the next day.  The person we spoke to was rude and offered us a new room, but no apology for the nose of sewage smell in the bathroom.The second room we got was a red room.  It was similar and also had a good view but a smaller window.  All in all, I like the location of Paris and the style inside.  We really liked Mon Ami Gabi and going to the top of the Eiffel Tower.  All in all, not a bad stay, but surely not the amazing stay I hoped for.Walked in....instantly received Free tix to Phantom (wanted LeReve but will take em') Spa is killer and so is the Merlot!  Far cry from Cosmo but still very fun!!Too long to walk from one side to the next...how do you find the exit.Replica of the Eiffel Tower. During the daytime, you can overlook the strip. It really does look like Paris on the inside, complete with a ceiling painted as a sky. This is a tourist must-see just for the Bellagio fountain show. I do wish the hours were better, considering it's Vegas and all.Hubby and I enjoyed our daytime at Paris. We upgraded to a room with a view of the strip, opened the window, and there was the Eiffel Tower. Pow! The pool is lovely, although a bit chilly this time of year. The street walk (inside) really does remind me of Paris, although the prices are too high. I was looking for quality croissants or French rolls, and didn't find them, sadly. With the upgrade we got continental breakfast and drinks and "appetizers" at night. We felt that was a great bargain because the night food became our dinner. And two drinks apiece per night was plenty. The breakfast was plenty, too, with yogurt, fruit and cheese, bagels and lox, and so on. Much more than "continental" suggests.The worst thing about the Paris is the Frankie Valli music in the elevators--yuck! After listening to that ad nauseum, I would never see "Jersey Boys."The second worst is the loud, pounding music that hit our room until 4:30 am (!), and we were on the 21st floor (!!!). My husband called to complain, and he was told the hotel's president made the decision to allow the loud booming until 4:30. For that reason, we could not stay here again. While I sleep like a rock, my husband couldn't sleep.The best thing about Paris is their perfect location in the center of the strip. I also love their restaurants. Mon Ami Gabi is quite possibly my favorite Vegas restaurant. (check out my review). Their buffet is also one of my favorites. (I will try to get that review up soon). And then of course is Sugar Factory (yep, you guessed it, I reviewed it). In other words, Paris has so much going on that I love. Now let's talk hotel: if the Parisian style is for you, you will find a clean, modest room, and probably be happy. I, however, prefer contemporary, sleek decor, so this place isn't really for me. One thing about our room that WAS amazing, was the view. We were directly in front of the BELLAGIO fountains. One strike against Paris?  Housekeeping was pretty lax when it came to cleaning up the hallways. When you leave your room and see someone's room service trays in the hall, and come back several hours later and they are still there, that's a bit of a turn-off, and really not OK.WI-FI:   Hotels that still do not offer free wi-fi drive me crazy! There is no excuse for it, and I see it as pure greed on their part! In fact, this bothers me so much, that I am now refusing to stay any place that does not have free wi-fi! Paris is charging, but if you go to the little cafe' in the lobby, you can get it free there. I think it's only a matter of time before most places offer free wi-fi.The Crepe Place is the highlight of this casino for me! The rooms were nothing special, just your standard casino room with a view of the strip. I will say that housekeeping was here extremely fast when we broke a glass in the room.Reviewing the Casino only.  If you like a Casino on the strip that is pretty mellow this is it.  However, dealers on the craps table were very rude and looked down-right grumpy.  The craps table itself is actually a medium sized one.  I didn't enjoy the club music playing loudly in the background.Vive Le France!Lets be honest since the demise of the Mob's presence in Vegas themed hotels have been the allure to Vegas.  Well besides the availability to debauchery and gambling.  When you come to Vegas why would you want to stay in a regular run-of-the-mill hotel when you can be whisked away to Paris? You wouldn't.Welcome to the Paris Hotel.  This is the premiere destination when enjoying a romantic trip to Vegas.  From arrival you are greeted by familiar landmarks that you have seen on many a postcard.  Some you have no clue what their names are but you know you've seen them.Once inside I feel like I have been transported to France (minus the long flight and cost). At least what I imagine what France is like, I wont actually be to the real Paris until August.  The staff members are very courteous and really make your stay as pleasant as possible.  The best rooms to get are the front facing rooms, not only are the views better but they are larger.  With comfortable beds, settee's and and aroma one can assume is of Parisian allure.I cant wait to get back to Paris Hotel, but seeing as I am single ill wait.  Nothing makes you more depressed then being a single girl in a romantic place.....Nice hotel, but you can see where they have cut back on maintaining the property. Rooms were clean and prices were good.  WIFI cost is ridiculous.  Spotty cell phone coverage throughout the resort (ATT)One of the mom's in our Parenting Group suggested a trip to Vegas.  Once the wheels got in motion, the organizer booked this hotel.  I guess she had been here before.  I can't believe it was pretty painless to gather 11 women and finalize plans so effortlessly.   I had a great time in Vegas, even though I am not a big fan.  I don't gamble and can't stand cigarette smoke. I was so happy I only had to share my room with one person and I was lucky my roomy was pretty cool.  The hotel seems a little lack luster.  The lobby and casino feel dirty and Samantha C. is right, the fake cobblestone is slippery.  Our room was very nice and we had a great view of the Strip and the pool at the Aria.  I didn't care too much for the pool at our hotel, the towels were so dingy and kind of raggedy.  The service at the pool was non existent.  I would have had a drink by the pool, however the server I called told me "this is not my section".  I asked her to send someone, two hours later we went back to our rooms.  Good thing I always carry water in my purse.  The dealers at the casino were pretty nice.  One of the moms wanted to play Pai Gow poker.  Most of us didn't know how, since we took over the whole table, they were giving us lessons.  I won $5, lol.  I am not sure I will be back to this hotel, but I had a really great time with my fellow moms.The hotel interior is actually kind of cute. Rooms are decent looking but the mattresses are very outdated with being able to feel the metal springs. Pillows are filled with feathers and were also limp an worn out. My favorite part about this hotel is that they don't charge any resort fees which is pretty awesome. Rooms can have wifi for $13.99 a day if you choose. The housekeeping staff is very friendly and made sure we always had fresh towels. I never like leaving my room without the do not disturb sign and sometimes I have experienced housekeeping come on in anyways, but not at the Paris which again was very nice. Each morning they call us if we are out and leave a message saying they will bring up anything needed. This hotel is also located to my favorite poker room at aria of course. Only problem with the location is that there is nowhere to cross for pedestrians. Luckily a taxi cab is only about $6-$7 each way.I haven't stayed in many hotels in Las Vegas, but so far Paris has been the better of them. The rooms here are a decent size, though the TV is old school and small. There is lots of closet-drawer room if you have an extended stay, too. The bathroom is awesome with the separated tub and shower. The room service, a bit pricey but average for Las Vegas, was pretty quick and the food was pretty good for breakfast. Service and checkout was a breeze. Tip: if ever staying visiting Vegas, try to go during the week and not the weekends--rates are far cheaper and not as many people.I was thinking about staying here, but after visiting I think I'll pass.  It's too stinkin' crowded.  Not the casino, but the shoppe area.  The shoppe area is supposed to look like the back alleys of Paris, but it's too narrow for a Las Vegas hotel.  Fail.  Negative Ghost Rider, the pattern is full.  I'll stay at the Orleans over this place.I stayed here 6/29/2012 to 07/01/2012.Got a good price to stay here, so we booked the standard luxury room. Arrived pretty late--about 1:00 am Saturday morning--and got a complimentary upgrade to a LeMans suite since they were out of standard luxury rooms. Sweet!!The suite itself looked great; decor and furniture were of high quality. Full size shower and hot tub in the bathroom. And a bidet!! The weirdest thing though was the old school box TV set. Umm, okay. Otherwise great room.The clientele at Paris, however, is OLD (no offense). Nice place to stay at with your significant other; not so nice a place if you're out with your buddies or for a bachelor party.Haven't stayed here as the rooms were sold out, but my first impression walking in was SMOKY! I know that's the way all casinos are here, but it hit me like a cloudy sock of soot when I dashed in to get my Jersey Boys tix. There are very good restaurants here http://bit.ly/LLP2cB and http://bit.ly/LLPh7k. And a great show, too.Be honest, I love the hot air balloon and the tower, but the entrance doesn't look as amazing from far away view.  I even had hard time to find the entrance.  Inside, it looks old. If you give me the choice of living here, I would say NO!  is this clear enough?The Paris is a pleasant hotel with a great center strip location more or less across the street from the trifecta of the Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, and Caesars Palace. However it's visibly a step below its competition and has failed to keep up with the trend of increasingly larger and more technologically advanced rooms. Compared to the North Strip giants such as the Wynn/Encore and Venetian/Palazzo and the super-modern City Center hotels (Aria and the Cosmopolitan), the Paris is in an obviously lower bracket. That is not to say that the hotel is without its charms. The Paris theme is, for lack of a better phrase, "tres charmant." The staff is friendly, although they are no longer obligated to greet you with a hearty "Bonjour.": The shopping is lackluster and located in an underground walkway to the adjoining Bally's.  The rooms are certainly on the smaller end; the standard rooms are only about 350 sq feet, half the size of the standard room at the Wynn. You can upgrade (as I did) to a Red Room which does not necessarily give you a larger room but it does come with a few nice amenities (access to a lounge, champagne reception, etc.) and is nicer appointed than the standard room. There's nothing spectacular about the rooms; were it not for a few frilly Parisian touches you could easily confuse them for a standard Marriot or Holiday Inn room. The nice thing about the Paris is that it is easier to navigate than some of its labyrinthine, massive counterparts (looking at you Caesars and Venetian) so getting from the casino to your room and vice-versa is only a short walk to the elevator. Moreover the restaurants are all close to each other but problematically they are also close to the buffer (one of the better buffets on the strip) and the buffet line is almost always long and loud, which can detract from the dining experience. The restaurant selection is decent, with Mon Ami Gabi (patio seating with great view) , the Buffet, and Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse (new addition so very busy) being the highlights. There's two restaurants open 24 hours - Sugar Factory and Cafe du Parc - but be aware that Sugar Factory is both supremely overrated and overpriced and Cafe du Parc is frequently inedible.  In the last year the Paris finally introduced a real club to the hotel in Chateau which can get rather crowded on the weekends and which is generally on par with equivalent offerings at most Strip hotels. It's no XS or Tryst but it's better than PURE ( in my opinion) and infinitely classier than Haze.Wasn't the nicest place I've stayed, but far from the worst.  Hated the restaurants.  Very overpriced, and staff didn't seem happy to be employed. The worst valet service in Vegas. Waited 25 minutes to leave my car, and another 40 to get it backLove the slots here. I always seem to come out ahead (or just slightly under). I also love the Parisian feel of the area, especially the buffet eating area that looks and feels like the courtyard of a small French village.As a hotel, it had much nicer rooms, buffet and so affordable than our usual hotel:) It is beautiful, clean and elegant.  However, I do have to give it only three stars simply because the hospitality staff was just not very interested in servicing us it seemed. It was our 20th wedding anniversary and we splurged a bit (for our price range).  We mentioned it to the check in staff  and they were so busy gossiping and talking about themselves to themselves, it was like we were interrupting THEIR conversation and they were on auto pilot ignoring us completely.  Not a great first impression. Then, when we signed up for the Total Rewards program, there was an error (which totally happens, we are all human) and when I went the next morning to redeem my promotional $10 because I had played there, the guy behind the counter could absolutely offer no solutions.  He was more interested in who screwed up then how to fix it and in the end, it left a very bad taste in my mouth.  I point blank asked him, "So there is no solution you can offer me here?"  Too be honest, I watch Hotel Impossible ALTO and I was mostly just curious on how he would respond because it is nice to give someone the opportunity to keep a customer, but he had no interest at all at finding an option and basically just walked away from us saying no, probably thinking we are not "Big Fish" and not worth the effort.  So after that, we just went to other casino's surrounding the hotel. Which, too be honest, were far superior and happy to see us lose our money there. lol  But at least we felt valued there enough to give it to them. Oh, and very FEW cocktail servers around the game machine.  So again, why bother.All in all, I loved the rooms, the buffet (get the Buffet of Buffet special if you go) and loved the look of the casino area and I will stay there again, but very likely, will just stay and go next store to gamble again.I have stayed at the Paris twice now and have 2 different experiences.The first time, my parents were guests of Harrah and got us a room. Little did I know that we were upgraded to a suite (Jr suite, I think). This room was very nice.The next time we came back, we had a free stay voucher given to us as a present. What a big difference. This was the normal room. First off, we had reserved a room with a king bed, when we arrived, there were no king beds available. I asked what was the point of having a reservation then? The clerk replied that it was because of our "late check-in." It was 8 pm. Anyway, the bedding was obviously old, and really, all that needs to be said is and will illustrate the type of room it is...it was an old, non-flat screen TV. Seriously? Even La Quinta has flat screens in all their rooms.Anyway, the staff was hit and miss. Some really knew what they were tlaking about and others acted like it was their first day.I agree with whoever it was that said the food selection isnt that great here. Although, I will say, the crepes are pretty good.If you have time, check out the dueling piano bar. Very entertaining.So, I guess my recommendation would be...it depends on if youre getting a good deal or not. If it is a good price, then stay here, but we looked at adding a day (Sunday) to our gift stay and it was a little over $200 a night. We stayed at the 5 star Palazzo for less. And yes, Palazzo is my favorite...now that is a nice hotel.

*Flat screen TVs with various inputs.

If you want a real culinary experience I guess you would have to go to a 5 stars Michelin restaurant, not on most cruise ships (the worst offender is Royal Caribbean) and not on the Vegas strip.Meh, it wasn't terrible, but definitely nothing special as far as Vegas brunch buffets go. I was staying at the Bellagio so it was the most convenient place for everyone to meet up before we left Vegas. However, I wish we would have taken the extra effort to go to a better one, as brunch buffets are among my favorite of Vegas' offerings.Everything was perfectly fine, the servers, staff, food etc.. BUT.. this seems to be latino cashier with glasses on in front had really bad attitude which made me almost turn around and not wanting to be back here ever again. I mean, i understand she has to deal with so many people in a day, but it's unfair for customers to be treated like they are unwelcome.Bottom line is...come here if you don't mind chaos and a s**tload of people. I give the food 5 stars hands down because not only do they have a great selection, everything I tasted was cooked well and delicious. I just don't think it's worth the hassle of coming here.Came here on a Tuesday night at 6pm and there was already a long line. Luckily the Mlife line only had 5 people in it so we didn't have to wait too long to be seated. The dining area is ginormous with tons of tables and constant movement. The food area is disorganized in my opinion, with ropes trying to section off certain stations, but all this does is cause confusion. This is the only buffet I was at that did not flow at all (to clarify I went to 3 other ones during my stay and they were just as large and busy but they were easy to navigate). I ended up refusing to walk back up after my second not very full plate because I was annoyed with people walking in all directions bumping into you.My mother and I agreed this was our least favorite buffet we went to. Too chaotic and so many ill mannered people here. Glad we only spent $35 for the 2 of us since we used a myvegas bogo. If it's this busy on a Tuesday it must be a complete stand still on the weekend!The Bellagio has always been a destination I made sure to swing by once during any Vegas trip. It's been that way for the past 10 years, so why change? I haven't changed, but they did. And why shouldn't they? Some change is good. In Bellagio's case, it's not so great.They serve king and snow crab legs, cocktail shrimps, prime rib, kobe beef, and so much more, but everything about the flavor seems to be lacking. The crab legs weren't sweet, the meat tough and chewy, and I walked around the dessert station a couple times and still couldn't find the creme brûlée. What I'm trying to say is the Bellagio isn't bad, and if isn't bad is what you're going for, then by all means come on over to the Bellagio buffet.Good breakfast and dinner its good but over priced many better options out there, dinner has crab legs which are great.Super slow service !! I expected better when paying 35$ at the entrance. I regretted waiting at the line for almost an hour.The lunch Buffet at the Bellagio was "a-okay", it wasn't anything spectacular. I've been told that the dinner menu is much better. $25 to get in, 18% gratuity added to 8 or more automatically, and children 4+ are adult prices. Seems a little crazy because there's no way a kid that young is going to eat that much! Then again, I guess a buffet isn't the best place to take kids.I feel the general rule for buffets in Las Vegas is, come early so that you can be seated early. I only came here because Bacchanal at Caesars Palace was an even longer wait. We waited around an hour to get seated, which isn't a good idea when you're starving. And also, it's not a good idea to be starving and eating at a buffet...The cost was $45 for lunch which isn't too bad. But I think Bacchanal has more options for the same price. They have an assortment of meat like turkey, chicken, ribs, steak, quail and lamb. I definitely recommend the lamb because it was super moist and cooked to perfection. More often than not, the steak gets overcooked and is rather dry. The quail wasn't bad either. In terms of seafood, they have king crab and snow crab legs, salmon and tuna poke, clams, mussels and seafood salads. Seafood is always the way to make the most out of what you paid! I just wish they had more options. The salmon poke was one of my favorites as well. Dessert here is really good too and I recommend the watermelon panna cotta and the cappuccino dessert (if they have it). They also have a taco bar, macaroni salad, mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables.If I was in the area, I would come here again but I still prefer Bacchanal more (since they have oysters and tastier dishes). This place seemed smaller as well so I feel the buffet at Caesar's has more options.Not worth the $49 entrance fee. The crab legs were frozen, the crawfish were brown (dead before they cooked them I imagine), and the sushi was lacking in creativity. The meats were pretty good... but I wouldn't come here again.I guess for a $45 buffet, it has a nice wide selection of meats and foods. First: get there early if you want to avoid an 1hr + wait, especially if you are with friends or a large group. Second: The meat selection when I came was alright, although their "kobe" beef was absolutely disgusting, my friend raved about their brocolini, but I did enjoy some of the less fancy stuff like the prime rib, pesto mash potatoes, and there sashimi. I mean I feel like you cannot never win your money's worth at a vegas buffet, but this place wasnt too bad.Third: didn't care for the seafood crab legs etc so I have nothing to add to thatFourth: Their dessert selection is pretty good although most desserts are just pretty to look at, things were either too sweet or etc. The creme brulee was alright but again, desserts are cute and pretty, but not SO GOOD that I needed to get more of it. My waiter also sucked major balls because he never refilled my damn OJ and looked cranky all the time.Very bland dishes throughout. turkey slice dry. Beef little taste. Spicy tuna handroll good.I stopped in on a Friday night for the "Gourmet Dinner" which was $40. For $13 extra I went with the all you can drink option which included margaritas, bloody marys, sparkling wine and beer. They use the cheapest champagne known to man but for $13 I can't complain too much. The Friday/Saturday dinner is a little more expensive because they have a small caviar bar. It's a neat addition but personally I'd rather save the $5. Nothing really stood out to me though nothing was necessarily bad. Desserts was pretty tasty. The last time I came was around 7 years ago and I remember having venison so I was a little disappointed to not see it on the buffet. Service was great, I sat at the bar and the bartender was super friendly and nice. It's not a bad buffet and I definitely Think I got my money's worth but I'll probably check out another buffet the next time I'm in Vegas.The food is okay. Im expecting more since dinner is $39.99 per person. They have a wide variety of food  but it's lacking seafood such as crab or shrimp. Those are missing from this buffet. The server we have named Kammie is really nice. Very hospitable and always clear our table without being called. Abraham is great too. Buffet at Bellagio is an average buffet restaurantThe Bellagio Buffet did have a good selection of food, but unfortunately much of it was lukewarm (and thus not very enjoyable).I'm a vegetarian, and there were quite a few options - marinara pasta, Mac & cheese, pizza, salad, mashed potatoes, broccolini, breads, desserts, etc. Unfortunately, of these the pastas and pizzas were all lukewarm and not very edible.My husband is a meat eater and found the same with a few of the meats. But he loved the sushi, crab legs, and prime rib.The redeeming parts of the buffet, though, were the service and desserts.Our waiter was extremely unobtrusive while also keeping the plates cleared, drinks filled, and remaining pleasant and smiling. Big win there.The desserts were also quite tasty. They had a few sugar free and gluten free options for special diets (win!), and also had some delectable carrot cake, fruit tarts, mini waffle cups with Nutella and white chocolate cream.Overall, good desserts, service, and overall selection - I just wish they would improve the temperature of food.C'est de la grosse bouffe mais à volonté. C'est pas mal mais sans plus,  dommage qu'il n'y ai pas un tarif enfantsNot terrible.  Luckily, we got two buffet passes for free using MyVegas, so we can't really complain too much.  We came here for lunch on a Tuesday, and the line wasn't too terrible.  We were very entertained, however, by the family of four who tried to cut us in line and then threw an absolute SHIT FIT when when they were told to get back in line and wait their turn like the rest of us.  We got to laugh at them and walk to our table while they screamed at the poor cashier.   The food itself was...okay.  There weren't a ton of great options, and nothing really stood out to me, but nothing was inedible.  I went back for turkey, mashed potatoes, and gravy more times than I care to admit, but everything else was just meh and I was content with just a small taste of the other dishes.  The best part was that we arrived close enough to dinner time that we were able to wait a little bit for them to bring the crab legs out.  In theory, the crab legs were available at 4 for us to go up and get some.  In reality, however, the crab leg line turned into a full on pit fight right at 4pm.  We were there a couple of days before Mayweather-Pacquiao, but I guess the other buffet patrons didn't want to spring for Pay-Per-View and decided to have their own boxing match when the crab arrived.  People were pushing and shoving, cutting line for crab legs.  We decided to sip our drinks and wait for the carnage to clear,and then went up after about half an hour to get some crab legs.  And I will say, the legs were delicious!  They were nice and fresh, and it was awesome to have them split down the middle.  If you go over to, I believe, the Asian food section, you can hand them your plate of crab legs and they'll steam them up for you.  Pretty cool.     The turkey, mashed potatoes, and crab legs were the highlight of the meal. I'd come back here if we had free passes and made sure to come near crab leg time, but I don't think we'd pay to eat here.Overall, not a bad brunch spot.  I wouldn't consider this a must-visit place for Vegas, but it's a good choice if you're looking for a moderate-priced buffet (okay, maybe on the upper end of moderate, but not terrible).  We visited The Buffet for the Saturday morning Champagne Brunch.  Right around 10AM there was a short-ish line, a few minutes standing around and we were in.  Service was good, our waitress was on top of keeping our drinks filled and plates bussed.The food selection isn't the widest around, but it's fairly large and decent quality.  I would have liked to see more seafood/sushi options and less generic breakfast offerings, but I really liked the seafood ceviche (with scallops!) and prime rib.  The dim sum was a nice touch, though tasted pretty average.  The desserts all looked delicious, and most of the ones I tasted (with the exception of the sugar free ones...but I guess that was my fault) were great.Good variety & quality.. Unfortunately, the ran out of lamb chops early in the night .. Also they don't have the king crab legs anymoreIn comparison with the Wynn, the breakfast buffet at the Bellagio fall short in quality even though it is a little more expensive. There were lots of options to choose from and it wasn't inedible but given a choice I would go to the Wynn.We waited an 1-1.5 hrs in line. It was 35/person. Food was pretty good. Better than some others we went to but I don't really think it was worth it. Beautiful desertsThis buffet was super limited and didn't have many good options. I would not come here again considering all the buffet options Vegas has to offer. My logic was since the Bellagio is one of the higher-end hotels, it would be a good choice. If you are staying close to this buffet, it might be almost worth it.After an hour wait and high cost, I was expecting one of the best buffet experiences of my life, sadly, those expectations were not met. While the bellagio buffet had a classy interior and wasn't kept terribly crowded on the inside, I felt service could've been better. For one thing, I felt as if we were expected to rush in line, and our waiter looked like he had a perpetual scowl. He checked up on us periodically, but I never saw him smile once. In terms of food, they were definitely better than average, but for what I paid, I was expecting more. The pasta didn't look very presenting and the mussels were tiny. Additionally, I found the turkey and chorizo nothing special. Admittedly, the pasta did taste better than it looked, and the snow crab was pre-cracked to make it easier to get the meat. Also, it wasn't salty either.All in all, the bellagio buffet has good food and ambiance, but is not worth the cost, both monetarily and time wise. Service could be better and it could use a quality adjustment.Service 2/5

-No free water bottles in the room.  Sorry, but I'm paying $25 a day in resort fees.  I think a bottle of water would be nice.

Sam Adams bottle, Blue Moon  $2.50

they took my $1 i put in the penny slots...ok...i gambled it away...but it only lasted me like 3 minutes!

2. Downtown Phoenix is 10 minutes away

Don't get me wrong... The food wasn't bad.  It just wasn't great.  There isn't anything that I thought, "Yum" after eating.

- potato latkes

Second time I went I tried their filtered coffee, medium roast to be precise. It was just nasty. I must admit, in the field of filtered coffee, nothing beats Tim Horton's.

Enjoying this part isn't hard, with 99% of bars with a lot machines ringing the whole time it great to find a place your able to sit down and have a drink with friends.The decor is pretty standard vintage slash nightclub theme, yes I'm not sure if that's the best way to define it but hey I wasn't an art major.I never got to head upstairs but that is for sure a Sunday session waiting to happen!They're friendly and all, but a little too hipstery for my taste. Long line to get in, and the other surrounding bars don't charge a cover and aren't as strict about dress code. My big issue is that I like to drink really random cocktails, and they weren't equipped to make most of my choices (this was in the upstairs bar). They couldn't make a redbull hennesey (no cognac), also not equipped to make a red death (no sloe gin), no blue curacao, and no midori, so they took my top 5 choices off the table. They did finally make a pretty good coctail for me with what they did have, but I'd rather not spend $13 per drink if I'm not on the strip.As a Las Vegas native, I feel like it's really taken a long time to have any sort of cocktail culture develop here. Once Commonwealth opened, I knew we were on to something. The cocktail menu is perfect. However, I still can't get over that vegas club feel. Best bet? Stop by on a weeknight you'll find less crowds, quieter music, and the perfect chill cocktail experience you're looking for.Been here about three times. The decor is nice and simple. The first time I really liked it but the second and third time was a completely different scene, whole bunch of hipsters and a lot of my guy friends complained about the girl selection lmao Drinks are a little pricier than normal but nothing compared to a club. The rooftop is nice if it doesn't take 30 minutes standing in line to get up there but their selection of music became very random and we have basically stopped going here.Definitely a fun hipster chic décor, really enjoy the upstairs rooftop patio!The service can be a lil attitudey- and the nite I went, I had picked and ordered a drink off their specialty drinks menu, and was a lil disappointed when the bartender responded and told me they were out of the ingredients needed to make it- and this was early in the nite after opening.I was with some great friends and company- which truly made my experience, but I still a lil torn as to whether or not I truly love Commonwealth....Get the banana bread beer..super delishGoing to this place is a hit or miss, some nights it is awful, other nights its awesome. there are no real just good nights. Very pricy. I go here once every 2 to 3 months, if i have friends that want to go downtown, this usually is a spot i hitI give this place a 3 it's very very very small on the rooftop you know people are attracted to rooftops so why is it so small!? DEF crowded and uncomfortable ..& There weren't enough seats for people to sit .. Other than that it's a BEAUTIFUL bar decorations were very elegant yet vintage! And a perfect location spotThe look of the bar is interesting and the drinks (bottles or draught) provide a good selection. The employees have always been pretty awful in particular the people at the door. Last time I went they failed to mention the bar was closing in like 15 minutes and made our group pay a cover to get in. Not my favorite spot, especially when there are such great places surrounding it.Really cool bar club that if you get on the rooftop you can have a great view from up high. Enjoy will go againWas here for the fist time last night for a birthday party. The positive things were that I did liked the decor and the staff was friendly. Now on that note... The music was very quiet inside which is kind of a biz kill. The girl sieving drinks to our table kept forgetting my drink. I ended going up to the bar to get what I wanted. She did finally bring be what I asked for after I had finished up my second drink. Now the drinks seem very week. I had one vodka shot and a total of six whiskey-cokes with no buzz :-/I will go back and give it another shot though. Overall I had a good time but the company was good...Fun place with great drinks and a great view upstairs. The reason for the 3 stars is that the bartenders are  doucht and when I'm paying a lot for my drinks I expect them to be nice. Oh well.Overpriced but fun bar.When I go to downtown Las Vegas I don't expect to pay Strip prices especially when it is a bar and not a club.  Be prepared to wait in line to enter and wait in line to go up to the roof (which is the best spot) and pay cover if you are male (luckily females are free).  Also be prepared to spend $8-$10 for a beer.  In my opinion the beer selection does not warrant that price range. Price aside this place is really fun and has a Hipster vibe. It sort of reminds me of Austin. Lots of beards, plaids, and tattoos.  The music ranges from hip hop to EDM and dance battles happen often on the roof.  Also if you call ahead you can make reservations for the "laundry room" which is a private room that fits about 15 people comfortably.  Inside there is a bartender who makes speciality craft drinks that cost even more!Overall one of the more fun bars in downtown but you can find same drink selection cheaper across the street.Been here a few times. Staff is nice and friendly. Lots of beers if you like beer. $7 for a corona is a bit pricey for me. Interesting decor. I do have to say that the lighting sucks in this place. They have crappy cheap rugs on the floor that you can't see and trip over. Only one light on the stairs going up to the roof top bar. So watch your step in the seating areas and going up stairs. This place is literally a lawsuit waiting to happen. The fun part of this place is upstairs when they have a DJ playing all of the fun early 2000s songs and some classic beastie boys. This place is not handicap friendly. Between the stairs and the rugs you can't see in the dark.  We went there last night and my bf is on crutches and couldn't really join in on the fun. Plus he slipped on one of those black rugs and almost fell to cause more damage.I've  been here a number of times to drink and dance... this review is going to be short, sweet & simple because each one of those number of times, I've  been intoxicated.Commonwealth is a trendy bar located downtown. Pretty hipsterly seeming when you first enter, but if you want to boogie - head upstairs. The decor here on both levels is fantastic! I love it, personally. Lots of chandeliers downstairs and mood lighting...antiquely modern furniture (yes, I just made up a term that doesn't entirely make sense). Lots of beards and fedoras. Upstairs it gets trendy and steampunk-like. There has always been a DJ spinning a wide range of (danceable) music... I've heard current hip hop, old school hip hop, house and some top 40 mixes. Drink prices are kind of up there, comparing to the bar's  surroundings... but it could be worse.If you're new in town or visiting, Commonwealth is definetly worth checking out if you're  wanting to explore downtown's (dance) bar scene.I keep coming down here during happy hour because it's chill and the drinks are cheap. I don't mind the place, it's okay, I love the decorations, but that's about it. I got to warn you that if you are not a decent looking girl you will most likely not get in or have to pay to do so. I have witnessed some pretty fucked up discrimination against other girls. One time they didnt let my and my other friend's boyfriends go in, they said that us two girls could go but without our men, WTF is that???? I mean Commonwealth started as a bar and it seems they are now trying to make it into a club or something, so stupid. I'm sure if you're out of town you'll love it but if you're a Vegas local you know there's better places. Park, the Griffin, all better than Commonwealth and their shitty staff.Free for chicks, $5 for guys. Over priced drinks with inconsistent pricing depending on who orders. Lots of great seating areas and security and the server girls are friendly.Upstairs has a great view but it's a cramped space with very limited seating and they charge anywhere from $10 to $20 to be up their. Keep in mind you're outside with no AC and you're in Vegas...hot as hell.Color me not impressed. What's the big deal about this place again? Perhaps it didn't help we went on a mid-week night. But then, shouldn't that have been a good opp to experience this spot sans crowd? Anyways, I dug the decor and appreciated what they were going for. The cocktails were so-so. The beer offerings are better than usual. There were more staff than patrons and our service was less than attentive or friendly. It seems like it could be nice place to hang out and grab a drink. It just failed to deliver the night we went.This review is for 3.5 stars.The best part about Commonwealth was the live music on a friday night.  I do not know about the live music schedule, but the artist was very good and playing a variety of old and new stuff.  I got here for a late night Happy Hour and got a $5 house wine, but there were a bunch of good deals on the Happy Hour menu.  The upstairs was closed and seating was hard to find on a friday night.  The crowd was older, probably late 35-50s.My one problem with this bar was that there were no prices on their beer menu.  This alone knocked my review down a star.  They had an extensive beer list, but without prices it is very difficult to make a decision.  I was going to get a local brew that goes for $7 at most places but they were charging $9 here.  So apart from the beer probably being $2 too expensive on average, I enjoyed myself at CommonwealthThe atmosphere is amazing & I love the decor they used in the space.  The rooftop is also nice when it's not too cold.  Has a great view of old downtown.Because it's downtown of course the drinks are a little pricey but they do have a pretty good beer list.  Didn't try any of the cocktails this time. Have to agree with some of the other reviews regarding staff, they aren't rude but they havn't been especially nice any of the times I've been.As far as ambiance goes, I really like this place. It gives off a very artsy & hipster vibe- definitely a chill place to hangout. As far as everything else goes though, in my opinion, it's pretty mediocre. First off, the real party is always upstairs. The problem is, it takes an arm & a leg to actually GET upstairs. There's always a line that you wait in for at least 20-30 minutes (unless you're desperate enough to pay the guy @ the bottom of the stairs, because then he'll let you up right away). Also, i can't speak for every bartender that works there, but the one that actually took my drink order? Definitely needed to take a few more classes. He had no idea how to make a tequila sunrise, a midori sour, or an AMF. Like, alright? Ended up just getting a jack & coke. Kinda disappointing.Decided to make this my first experience at the establishment after all the positive commentary the boyfriend had for it - we were waiting for a restaurant's hostess to call us for a readied table. Anyway...

 - Panda & Sons, Paradise Palms, Sligh House (last year, Bar Kohl)Wish:

No parking, had to drive around till i found a ramp (with pay meters) not too far.Had escargot for the first time .. Interesting not sure ill ever try that again but the salmon was good9/22/13 My wife and I stopped in to the Tornado Steak House for a late dinner.  They have a half chicken with stuffing, mashed potatoes, and green bean special every  Sunday.  That's what I ordered.  It was wonderful.  My wife had the duck.  It's one of her favorite dishes when visiting.   I'm giving them 3 stars because of consistency issues.  Sometimes I love the food and other times not so much.  Last night was a good night!  Regarding service our waiter was eccentric at best.  That's all I'm going to say about that.I was a little confused when I walked in the bar side and didn't know where to go and no one greeted us.  I loved the history of the building, but the bar stools are uncomfortably low and I am 6'4.  The bar staff must not be used to taking orders because they had to ask 4 times what we ordered.  That stuff doesn't really bother me, I just noticed it, what really matters to me is the steak!  I ordered the bone in ribeye and it was good, no complaints.  I'm not a fan of the house cut because it is so thick it's hard to cook it consistently.  I'm a fan, but didn't knock my sox off.Went here with some co-workers during a convention.  The service was a little off, but the place was crowded with convention goers, so they may have not been staffed to handle all of us.  Everyone's order came out just right even with all the attendees there.Was quite disappointed in Tornado Steak House.  I always heard good things about Tornado so we decided to give it a try.  I was disappointed in the food--it was quite bland and tasted like any ol' steak and was just so-so. Nothing spectacular, nothing blew us away, except for the price.  If I am paying this much, then I want my food to be at least decent and this meal fell far below being decent.  There also seems to be quite a sketchy crowd that gathers out the front door smoking and carrying on...Not the best for business...I ate at Tornado Steakhouse tonight (7/9/14) and it was fantastic. I got the 16 oz. NY strip steak with a baked potato and the cheese cake for dessert.  The bread was pretty good. I didn't cut into the loaf, but at the biscuit.The steak dinner came with choice of salad or soup and steak and with a side.  I went with the mixed greens with balsamic vinaigrette.  The dressing was already applied when it was served. I enjoyed the salad but I can imagine there would be some that want more dressing.I got a baked potato with my steak instead of vegetables.  It was a typical baked potato, which was just fine with me.  The steak was a choice grade steak and it wasn't dry aged, but it was excellent.  The strip steak was narrow, but thick ( ~2 inches) and cooked perfectly.  In all honestly I think the steak I had at Johnny Delmonico's (JD's) down the street had a better flavor, but that's John my cause it was dry agside I wish Tornado Steakhouse would offer a dry aged steak.For dessert I got the cheesecake, which is made in house.  It had a few blackberries on the side but no sauce.  For me that was great.  Like BBQ and steak if cheesecake is good it doesn't need a sauce. It was thick and creamy with great flavor.I gave Tornado Steakhouse 5 stars because the food was great and the price wasEverything is just OK. A lot of better choices in town. The food is expensive because they are too much, not because of the taste.For the price, I would go somewhere else.The service was excellent so I want to give them more stars. But for the same price, I'd rather go somewhere with a bit more diversity in their menu, from dishes to wines. Ok, their shrimp cocktail is good, their escargot is great (I don't know anywhere else in Madison I can get the same quality). However, the steaks? They are good, but I'm surprised they didn't have any dry-aged steaks. The breads are delicious.Ok the wine list. It has so much potential but for a fancy place like Tornado Steak House, I wish they had some more variety. It's a good place, I've been here multiple times, actually, and each time I always feel like they're missing just one thing. I still recommend it, but not quite the place I'd keep returning to when I have the chance.Still the coziest restaurant in Madison.  I used to crave their oysters Rockafeller, but for some reason,  the chef has added bread crumbs to the detriment of the recipe. When I ordered the second plate sans fried crumbs, it still fell short of what  I remembered.  The bread was warm and buttery.  The squash soup was thick and just spicy enough.   The rabbit I ordered elicited a look from the waitress and my table mates. I ordered it without the ears.  The diminutive cutlet tasted not like chicken, but pork chop.  It also came with more fried bread crumbs and dark kale which was probably good for someone who likes roughage that bitter.  The only complaint my friend had about the steak was its enormity.  My other friend, gradually becoming a gourmet chef in his own right,  said the duck was cooked perfectly, but  he might have chosen a different sauce.  He declared the hash browns were done "right."This is a place to definitely make reservations for.  While I enjoyed the food and service,  i expected a bit more for the price.  My friend and i were seated in a back room which housed the large parties.  We had to yell to order and couldn't hear each other throughout the meal.  Sitting outside would have been the better option.  The meal starts with fresh vegetables and several homemade breads.  Great wine selection.  We both had prime rib.  Mine was a bit overcooked.  My vegetable side was too salty,  my friends hashbrowns are undercooked.  The Giant bread muffin that it came with melts in your mouth.  Yum!The steak sandwich was excellent as always, as was t he french onion soup, the service, and the atmosphere.  Unfortunately the cheese cake was obvisiously...and poorly frozen.  It tasted freezer burnt.I can NOT comment on the food because we ended up not eating here due to the menu not being what we were told it was. There was nothing on there that we were told they had and the prices were about 2 times more expensive than we were told. However I will comment on what I did notice and experience while there.They have a beautiful area outside to sit and eat with nice tables. If you chose to sit inside, give your eyes a couple minutes to adjust because it is much darker inside the restaurant than it is walking on the sidewalk at night.The staff that did bother to talk to us were not very friendly - but they weren't rude either. If we go back (now that we know what to expect) I will update the review but for now this is all I can say.I can sum up the entire Tornado experience with "good not great". First, you must get there early and have a martini in the old fashioned bar.  Wonderful dark supper club esq decor, complete with vintage bar stools.

- Very comfy beds

Female Patron: "That's so sad."

Firefly fries

The food itself is really good. I recommend the chicken noodle soup and any flavor smoothie.I've been going to commonplace for a long time now. I stopped here one morning to give it a go. I decided to treat myself to a little treat and wasn't that impressed. Maybe another morning will be better.They lost a full star for truly awful service, however, the rest of the experience was good. I have never had pupusas before, but have been wanting to try them.  I opted for the mixed pupusa, which had beans, cheese and pork.  The filling was seasoned well and came out piping hot.  I enjoyed the coleslaw-like curtido served along side.  Though it didn't have a ton of flavor on its own,  it was a wonderful textural contrast to the filling.  The restaurant was very clean, there was a "soccer" game on tv and there were scenic photos on the walls to put me in the mood for some ethnic cuisine.

The pool is not 24 hours

As far as the service, she seemed a bit overwhelmed and unencouraging with regard to our food choices...

5 minutes later

Pointing, there are empty tables....?

Für einen hochklassigen Streifzug durch die Italienische Küche eher nichtBeim ersten Besuch war alles noch okay. Aber diesmal: Leider durchgefallen. Combinazione ist meine Prüfung auf Qualität. Hier wurde aber irgendwas lieblos zusammen-gemischt und dann mit Käse überbacken. Vor dem Servieren wurde dann wieder etwas aus der Form entfernt - ich habe so was noch nie erlebt und da fehlen mir auch die Worte, aber das war deutlich sichtbar, dass hier wieder was weggelöffelt wurde. Deshalb - ungenügend. Schade !wir waren nun auch im Borsalino :-)

The waitresses all had cute outfits on, but ours was a bit pushy about getting us more drinks.  If I was in the mood for a great burger, this would be my top choice, but it's kind of hyped up (Gift shop all around you when you walk in? feels like a tourist trap).

This place deserves 3 1/2 stars!VIVA PINK TACO!!!!The food here was fine. We had lunch here during our vacation. I had a chicken quesadilla off the appetizer menu, which I couldn't finish, and my boyfriend had the "pink tacos". Service was good and we were seated quickly, but it isn't the best Mexican food I've ever had or anything like that.Living in Tejas, it's easy to get good Mexican food. I'd say this is baja at best. The taquitos were ok...I'm not big on cheese rolled up and fried. The guac was fresh and very tasty. I had the Fish Tacos Baja Style and I have definitely had better...these were way bland. I had a bite of Michael's dish and it was FANTASTIC...the Sabana de Pollo with Chimichurri (paper thin seared chicken breast topped with beans, melted cheese, grilled onions and serrano chile served with rice and pico de gallo salsa)...and I don't like chicken.And I've never met a fried ice cream I didn't like...this was one of the best.This menu is hit-or-miss...the items are either incredible or completely blah. The service was great, probably due to who we were sitting with...i'll take it though.Pink Taco is one of my favorites because the menus are pink and sparkly and the waitresses never mind when I come in with my hot pink Pink Taco shot glass, and of course being loud and obnoxious doing tequila shots is just so much fun. The food is pretty good for out of California Mexican food....I like the chicken tostada salad, it would be better if it was steak...but, we can't have everything we want...

the staff are really friendly too, I always feel quite bad for looking around and not buying. They must have cottoned on by now, surely.Overall, if you need inspiration or if you want something golf-related, this is your place!!I don't know what to say about this place really, it's kind of left me with mixed feelings.I'll start with the bad for a change. I don't want to question somebody that's qualified to do something that I can't. But I got the impression that they didn't really know what to do with longer hair. I imagine most guys that go decide on a number between 2 and 5  and its done. I think the staff member was just mad that scissors had to be used to cut my hair. I didn't get a bad hair cut, but it wasn't great either.The good, it's very close to the city centre and I didn't have to wait at all. It's also cheap, but then again what barbers isn't.Good if you need something done quickly.Used to visit here quite a lot but since then there have been several new hairdressers (Owners?) and they do not seem to offer the hot shave that I enjoyed so much when the turkish / armenian guy was still there. The girl hairdresser is well competent and very sweet if not a little patronising - as she offered me a sweety after being a 'good boy' when the haircut took place. You could tell it was done often as she had a big jar of the sugar treats!However I did have a very good haircut, but next time i'd like to leave a place without feeling like a 12 yer old :o)This place confuses me. Is it an old-mans-pub or is it a student - friendly live folk and jazz sort of place?I think it depends with the night. On weekdays it is more subdued, with an old man's -pub feel to it, whilst weekends it turns into a quite popular younger crowd destination, with live music and performances. There's a full bar and they also serve food but I have yet to try it. It has a pretty cool layout, of a central bar going around a semicircle set of tables and sofas- a very laid back atmosphere.  When there's live music it tends to get quite chaotic, and the music can vary, from folk to jazz.Popped into Reverie for a pre-dinner drink. I had the Liefmans Fruitesse Strawberry beer which was delicious. They have a good selection of beers, but you can get wine and cocktails here too if you so prefer.They serve food as well - there was a notice on the wall about 'Sunday roast will all trimmings' for only £10.95. I enjoyed my first visit to Reverie, the staff were friendly and I think I should spend more time in the Newington area as there are lots of nice pubs and restaurants to discover.Load lively atmosphere. Staff is friendly and welcoming, but covering to many patrons so their service is slow. Food is good, not the best, but good. I found it to be uncomfortably warm and humid inside.The Reverie is the pub formerly known as 'The Wine Glass'. It is located on a corner site in Newington just along the road from The Abbey in Edinburgh's southside.  I sometimes nip in here for a quick pint because it is right next to my bus stop. From the outside you will notice the large windows which often seem to be steamed up in the evenings! The décor is average and unremarkable, and there is a variety of different furniture ranging from easy chairs to small tables with upright seats and sofas. There is quite a large gantry at the bar, and a couple of real ales are available. I found the bar prices to be somewhat high for a suburban location. Food is available.

-- Old, old bathroom fixtures and peeling paint everywhere.-- The bathrooms especially don't look or feel clean enough and the rooms have a stale dry air - they haven't been vented for years.-- No coffee machines in the room - but that's a Vegas problem.

Overall OK but quite gimmicky!

The archway of the tank that you get to be fully surrounded by.Biggest disappointment:

There's nothing special about Bernard's Bistro, which appeals to more conservative seniors in their late 40s and 50s. This would be more appropriate somewhere in Anthem for the retired.TLDR: Henderson's lackluster answer to Summerlin's swanky Echo & Rig (without the butcher shop and pizzaz).After reading reviews about Bernard's it seemed like it would be a great place for dinner. The night we went in there was plenty of available seating but we were seated at a very awkward table that was more in the way if anything. The wait staff was friendly. The atmosphere was pleasant. The food was good, not really memorable. I'd probably stop by again for lunch.The service was excellent and their food was average. The French onion soup--which is supposed to be light and cheesy ended up being a very heavy dish. The cheese was terribly chewy making for a challenging time with the soup. The fettuccini Alfredo was pretty good. Hard to mess that up. The spicy shrimp linguini could've been better--shrimp wasn't cooked all the way. I supposed it's a nice "date place" but for a quick lunch--it's more on the pricier side.The best part of Bernard's is the atmosphere.  Live music, good service and patio seating options.  Also, it's hard to find a restaurant in Henderson that isn't a chain.We went with the escargot to start.  This was the best thing we had here! They were delicious!! Buttery, bacon goodness.  The dipping bread was tasty, too.

ps..Your sushi stinks get rid of itI am writing concerning a comment that another reviewer made that he felt the clientele was heavily mid 40's  in age. I don't think the reviewer should even mention the age of the customers, as it has no bearing on the food etc. I have not eaten here, yet but found the reviews interesting.I used to love going to Houston's at the Esplanade - even my 3 year old son said it was his favorite restaurant.  After moving to their new location, I have been there twice and have been very disappointed.  Although the food is still very good (I love the grilled artichokes, French dip sandwich and baby back ribs), the service has gone downhill.  Both times we were waiting way too long for our food.  We also had to ask multiple times for items that were ordered to be brought to the table before we just cancelled the order completely.  As much as used to love this place, I will not be going back as much as I did before (usually once or twice a week).  I am hoping they will get there service back to where it used to be!Visited Hillstone to give them another try a couple weeks ago.  Finally had the time to sit down and write an update.As usual the food was great.  The service, while better this occasion was still a bit off.  Two examples:1) Length of time for wait staff to revisit our table for refreshments was fairly lengthy in comparison to the old Houston's.2) When asked about the sauce used in the Thai Tuna Roll, the waitress looked very blank and then said it was in the roll. She replied, tuna and some sort of Thai sauce.  Noooo kidding.I will give this place another chance and another star because I really like their food.  I will more than likely return.  However, I will update with new reviews until it's back to the place I remember.Hillstone is a super nice, beautiful place. Great atmosphere. The food is very good, I wouldn't say spectacular, but it was good. I had the French Dip Au Jus. The meat was very pink, looked raw. I didn't really like that. My bf got the prime rib, it was soo yummy. Came right off the bone. All together our meal was about $80. We only got one appetizer too. It's kinda too pricy for the mediocre food.went to hillstone with a large group resturant is very nice and lots of favorites from the houston menu but the place really can't seat groups larger then 4 maybe 5 ...ended up in 2 booths separate checks separate waiters.we like to share items so that didn't work out and our patio bill got but onto one check...so one table finished up early the other sat around waiting for the check. i have to say the food was excellent and the decor and patio were nice..I wanted to like Hillstone before we even entered the restaurant.  The patio is charming and romantically lit, and it wasn't overcrowded.  We were brought to a large booth in the back of the restaurant with a party of six and while I enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant, I have to say I was less than impressed with the waitstaff.  The first server who came to our table (who was apparently only there to take our drink order, but didn't tell us that so it was really confusing when a different server showed up a few minutes later), literally COULD not understand what we wanted to drink.  I was with two moms-to-be who both wanted club soda with cranberry juice and a splash of pineapple, which I'll admit, is a little random and high maintenance for a nonalcoholic beverage but the server should have been able to handle it.  Instead, she just kept saying, "So, Absolut and club soda and what?" "Absolute and pineapple..?" These women did not want vodka in their pregnant bellies! It wasn't even particularly loud in the restaurant, I think perhaps Hillstone is just doing its part to hire the hearing impaired. Although she finally seemed to grasp that they were ordering nonalcoholic drinks, I seriously wanted to take a sip of the drinks first to make sure they weren't spiked.  The whole exchange was just weird.The "real" server wasn't as bad, just kind of inattentive and awkward.  I did enjoy my food though...I got the spicy tuna roll salad which was really interesting and tasty and everyone I dined with seemed to enjoy their dishes.  I'd consider coming back for the food and the ambiance but it's definitely not one of my favorites, there are better places in town for the price.This a Houston's with a different name. I'm not sure why they used the name Hillstone's and not Houston's when it's exactly the same, but I'm sure there was some corporate marketing decision-making involved. Our hotel concierge recommended Hillstone because we wanted steak but didn't want to pay Mastro's or Ruths Chris prices.There is a nice patio and we wanted to sit there, but they don't serve the full menu there. Inside it looked exactly like every Houston's I've been to -- dark, kind of crowded, lots of booths. The menu is small and we ended up not having steak after all. Looking at the menu I remembered that I liked Houston's French dip, so I had that. Our party also had a burger and one of the noodle salads.Everyone was happy enough with the food. Our server was not so great. He was so meek we could hardly hear him. We ordered the spinach dip appetizer, but after awhile I feared he hadn't heard placed the order so I asked. He hadn't put the order in, but once he did it came quickly and he comped it, so that worked out ok. We were also missing a drink when the drinks came. After a couple little blips like that it kind of ruins the meal because you're wondering what else is going to go wrong. But once the food came we were happy.Was excited to try this place in the Biltmore area.. Love the openness of it! It's trendy... Cool.. Nice patio .. Good wine list. Don't like the trek to the restroom as I was lead thru the stand where the wait staff are picking up food and I felt a bit out of place and in the way! Was impressed with the wine stock ,however. The menu was good, although we all just had martinis and wines... A bit of an issue with the bill when mine was placed on theirs... All figured out by finally finding our waitress:-)It's a gorgeous restaurant but there are 2 things in my head I can't shake....1. The service is so-so considering how nice the place is..2. They don't make double drinks per corporate policy.Our last couple servers have been warmer and more professional than that earlier clown, but I cant let go of a lingering disdain for this place - even though they're good at what they do. It's just that what they do doesnt really appeal to me anymore. Part of it is the smaller portion/higher prices slam that others have noted. When Houston's opened in a town without much quality going on, little on the menu was over $10. It was a godsend. Then that excellence was understandably incorporated into the pricing structure, but it was still a decent value for a terrific, consistent kitchen, in a culinary burg getting its legs. But now there's half a dozen places within a bike ride of this joint that serve up larger portions of comparable or near comparable quality, far more reasonably.  Oh, I get that you're paying for ambience, but that's the other thing I'm not wild about. This is a place that relatively insecure foodies take companions they're trying to impress, by sitting in a nice room and shelling out some dough. Whether it's your boss or client or prom date, you probably wont go too wrong here. The food will be good to excellent,  there will be at least a veneer of fine service. People will say it was lovely at the end of the meal, and in the event that they dont, it wont be your fault. It's also the sort of place where everyone looks you over. The maitre d, the other customers. Hillstone attracts that sort of moneyed voyeur, compared to dimly lit, almost semi private Houston's. Now there's a see and be seen element in the dining area that used to be confined to the bar.  It's just me. I get this is a formula for success.  See Scottsdale.  But for me, there are more reasonable nearby places providing quality grub and atmosphere, whether it's Postinos, The Parlor, Sierra Bonita or Hana, or even more spartan spaces like Seekong By Night.  They're all good and fun in their own way. Hillstone is just good. There's no fun in it for me. As a stodgy Phoenician, I feel inexorably ripped off and just dont wanna be around many of these people.We decided to try this out and see how similar it is to Houston's (one of our favorite in the valley).  Beyond similiar - it was identical - maybe a bif of difference in decor, but the menu was identical.  Food was very good and service was excellent as well - but it is basically the same as Houston's.  We dined there for our anniversary on 5/5/12.5 Stars for AMBIANCE, AMBIANCE, AMBIANCE. The exposed sandstone brick decor, with rich wood accents, low light and great background make this a sexy, sophisticated yet reasonably priced upscale place for a date or for an intimate gathering with a few friends. The service is also top notch and they have a nice selection of wine.I have to deduct two stars for the lack-luster prime rib which was so disappointing after a delicious starter salad. I had to give props for the creamy horseradish which singed my nasal passages and brought a few tears to my eye. The cut of meat was generous in size and cooked a perfect medium rare as I had asked but it was on the tough and dry side and completely lacking in flavor. I very seldom send back meals and since there was nothing wrong with the preparation, I chose to just endure it. So sadly my first experience here was a bit of a wash after the less than stellar meal. That being said that atmosphere here is just so amazing I will have no choice but to return, if nothing else for cocktails. But I'm sure there's something on the menu that I'm bound to enjoy. I will just steer clear of the prime rib.3 stars only because the old location, Houston's, was way better and had my heart and the 5 stars.Hillstone is good... but it's not Houston's. I was devastated when i found out they are closing the Houston's in Scottsdale next year and heard that Hillstone is basically the same, (it replaced the Houston's in Phoenix). I work right across the street, so finally I figured I'd give it a shot.The restaurant is beautiful, the staff is nice, but the Caesar salad (my favorite) was terrible compared to Houston's. There was corn in it, which I'm not totally understanding and some larger clumps of lettuce that made the salad uneven and harder to share. I'm afraid to try to the burger... but in fairness, the salmon appetizer was just as good.CONCLUSION: Don't close Houston's. It's better. End of story.Christmas dinner (again?) at the Hillstone! It was a late decision to finally pick this place, how late? We could only get reservation either at 5:15pm or 8:30pm, yeah... So we decided to be the early birds and arrived at 5:15pm, and wow, this place is quite full, and it's a very mixed crowd at 5pm, you can see family with young children, couples, and friends or colleagues, this has to be good, right?The restaurant itself is very big, plus a big patio/outdoor seating. Interior lighting is to the dark side in my opinion, but at least the tables are not so close to each other, the seating arrangements were nicely done that you would feel spacious.After a few minutes of discussion, three of us decided to share the Smoked Salmon appetizer, two had the Hawaiian Ribeye and I took the waiter's recommendation,  Loup de Mar it is! So here is a bit recap:Thai Tuna Sushi Roll - No, we did not order this, yet it somehow showed up on our table when the waiter decided to say it's on the house (but we all know they must have made a mistake on orders), but hey, it's free, we can at least have a try! Interesting enough, this sushi roll had a thinly and a little shinny rice paper wrapped outside of the rice, I assume it can keep the roll stay in shape, and it's a little chewy. This roll was to our surprise, pretty good! It has a taste of coconut, macadamia nuts, jalapeno and avocado. The sweetness and spiciness went well together!Hawaiian Ribeye - Both medium rare steak came to the table with some 'serious burns', it was later I found out that's caused by the sweet glaze outside of the steak. The steak was cooked well, but a bit too sweet for me, and the baked potato was very big!Loup de Mar - Grilled Seabass with Butternut Squash over some mariana/tomato sauce, very good combination! However, I personally dislike the presentation of this dish. First, I had expected to see a filet of seabass, instead, i got this center-opened, tilapia looking fish with skin and TAIL, was it all necessary? And the randomness of so many crushed pieces of almonds all over the fish, I guess i shouldn't have too much expectation. But really, I thought you would only see fish tails in Chinese food, lol. The fish was cooked a bit oily, to my guess, because it had the skin on, you just need some extra oil to prevent it sticking on the pan.  I was very glad on choosing the butternut squash, with the sourness from mariana/ tomato sauce, it complimented well with the a bit oily fish. Smoked salmon appetizer - We all really liked this! The fish was so soft that it just melted to your mouse like a salmon-flavored butter. Really wish we could have this before the entree!  BUT, our seem-to-be-in-a-rush waiter literally grabbed the plate with 1/3 of fish left, without asking, and took off... excuse me? If we didn't receive the dish until later, at least give us a bit more time to eat!So this is the order of how we have received our food, the appetizer we actually ordered came 5 mins after the entrees were served.Service overall was attentive, however, the waiter or kitchen staff first messed up our appetizer order with another table, although we took a freebie, our actual appetizer didn't come till we already started eating the main dishes. Then the waiter took the unfinished dish without asking, and some other helper came to grab my plate, then asked if i was done, it was only 6:30 by the time we were done, why are you guys in such a hurry? I know you want to clean out the finished plates, but next time, please ask before you have your hand on the plate!With both of the appetizers being very nice, a just a-ok for entrees, and somewhat 'interesting' serving staff, I couldn't pass to give a 3-star rating.We came during a weekday lunch, so they were quite busy. We got seated within a few minutes, no biggie. We got approached by 3 different servers before our actual server came over, which was a little confusing.  We ordered a California Roll to share, I got the Prime Rib dip and my mom got a chicken sandwich. The roll was OK, I've had better. The dip was pretty tasty and the fries that came with it were well seasoned and crispy- just how I like 'em.The service here was exceptional. The food, considering the price, just didn't really do it for me. For a $50+ lunch, I wish it was a little more memorable. What I did dig tho, were the giant fish outside who practically jump out of the water when you sit by their little "pond" thing. Besides the service, they were my favorite thing there.Came here with a couple of family members on a Wednesday night.  One of them had a gift card and was eager to give this place a shot.  Its a good thing she had a gift card because the prices were on the high side.  I sort of expected that given this place is in the Biltmore area, and I'm usually willing to pay a premium if the food matches the hype.  Did it?The place was packed, so before I could even think about my food I had to shout across the table just to hold a conversation.  Yeah, its loud in there.  Our server was very friendly, though we had to ask her repeatedly to speak up to hear her over the noise.  We started with the grilled artichokes with remoulade.  This hit the spot since I love artichokes and each had a perfect char.  For my main course, I got the French Dip (in part because my brother claimed it was the best in town).  It was one of the better ones I've had as they used good quality cuts of meat for the sandwich.  For dessert I shared a brownie with nuts and ice cream with the table.  It was adequate, but didn't wow me.So let's get to the price breakdown.  Artichokes?  $13.  French Dip w/side salad?  $25.  Brownie?  $12.  So before tip, it was $60 just for the food I ordered (never mind the food my other two family members ordered).  Maybe its just me, but if I'm gonna drop that much dough, I'd better be getting a fantastic meal.  The meal, sadly, was not fantastic.  It was adequate, even good in some spots, but not fantastic.  And the items I ordered were actually on the cheaper end of the menu.  Most of their main entree items are $35 and up.  What this place brings to the table in terms of friendly service, an elegant atmosphere, and artfully crafted food simply doesn't measure up in terms of intimacy, flavor, or prices.  I might be tempted to try this place again on AZ Restaurant Week or another promotion when restaurants like this slash their prices, but would not come here again on a regular night.  Not enough bang for the buck.Food is great. Especially the smoked salmon appetizer and Thai steak salad. Unfortunately, tonight (Saturday) I tried to order take out but was told the kitchen was too backed up so call back in an hour. Looks like I'm eating something else tonight.Nice room inside, and the patio outside is awesome.  Great service, too; very professional and attentive.  But the food is mediocre and overpriced.  Crab cakes ($35)  were bland; loup de mer was greasy and buried in nuts, so much that you couldn't taste the fishI'd go back for drinks in those comfortable patio chairs, but will pass on dinner there in the future.I'll spare you the lament over Houston's...you've heard it all.Hillstone was my immediate pick when I found out some clients were coming to town from the Midwest. I wanted to take them somewhere nice that gave a good representation of the area and offered a menu they would like. I LOVE that Hillstone has fresh & innovative sushi without letting that bleed into "Asian-fusion" territory for the rest of the menu. I figured these clients would be "meat and potato" folks, and that's precisely what was offered.We started with Happy Hour on the patio and we were all thrilled with the koi pond, comfy seating and gorgeous overall patio ambiance. However, our group of 7 had a really tough time because the patio is definitely set up for groups of 2-4. Still, we made it work for a couple of rounds of cocktails. When we moved inside for dinner, they offered to seat us at two separate tables, since no tables accommodate more than 6 or something...not good for business conversation. We ended up in a corner booth that suited us fine. It was a little cramped  but after our happy hour drinks no one seemed to mind.The service was so great, (except the cocktail runner who spilled my wine upon delivery and failed to bring back a napkin or anything...?) and the servers we interacted with were knowledgeable and skilled in the fine dining etiquettes of business entertaining. I was pleased with the overall experience. The sushi was okay, and typically priced for that kind of place. The rolls were unique, but nothing to praise. The reason I have for 3 stars is value and food quality, and poor seating options for parties over 6. The $35 filet is enormous (12oz?!) but truly left something to be desired. It was not flavorful, and ill prepared. It did not taste or feel like a quality grade and I found myself wishing I had gotten the french dip or just more sushi instead. The potatoes that come on the side really tasted like they came from a powder pouch--nothing creamy or "real" tasting about them. The rainbow chard was good, though. I really really wanted to say the food was amazing but that steak, and those potatoes, were really subpar. I would have rather had 6oz of delicious filet than twice the meat that I didn't enjoy. I'll be back for the patio ambiance but I won't be itching to spend the money for dinner.This review is about lunch on a Sunday. The food is good but the service is not. We've been here twice for lunch, once for dinner. The dinner service was good. The lunch service is quite poor. Keep in mind that the restaurant was not busy at all.We were served by many different people. One of them identified himself as our waiter. Our waiter asked if we needed anything and we said we needed a couple minutes to check out the menu.About 10 minutes later, he finally came back and took our order. After a reasonable amount of time (maybe 10 minutes), we got our food - delivered by two different people. Based on my previous experience, I knew I better ask for anything I needed right then. I asked for ketchup and the nice woman who handed me my plate said "sure." She never came back.After waiting about 5 minutes for someone to come by I finally flagged down someone walking by. I asked for the ketchup. It started to seem like he wasn't going to come back either but then he showed up with the ketchup.My drink ran out and I was almost done with my meal before the waiter... who we hadn't seen since he took our order... came by and I asked for another drink. My partner's ice tea went empty and was not refilled until I flagged someone else down to fill it.Ironically, the check came promptly, was processed promptly and the receipt was quickly picked up. If the service during the meal was as good as it was on the check, I would have been much more satisfied.We're going to give it another try for dinner and see if it is truly just the lunch service that is lacking. Given the price and the number of staff they have (we were served by at least six people), there's no excuse for bad service.Food is good, but not great. Missing the final touch! Ordered the ribs, kale salad and ice tea. Service was excellent, besides the fact that they did not allow us to dine in their patio area. What kind of a policy is that? If we want to enjoy a beer and ribs on the patio then we should be able to, Period.Why would such an elegant street presence be required for such an inelegant restaurant? Hillstone is all about the booze. And noise.I went to Hillstone for lunch today thinking wow this place must be really good because I looked up the menu and the prices seem very high even for lunch. Well my oysters were good, but definitely not worth $16 for 6 of them also I had two margaritas which were well margaritas they tasted good but at $10 a pop way overpriced. So my overall impression is why would I spend $39 for two drinks and an appetizer plus a 20% tip when I can get twice as much food for half the price at seasons 52 and seasons 52 has a much better interior design anyway, hillstones decor is nothing special at allFood was excellent. I was slightly disappointed that my fish was a little over cooked. My waitress was ill prepared and did not keep up with my table.Im a big fan of houstons so when i moved to the biltmore, i knew this was going to be new "place". Everyone always talks this place up so maybe i had an off night but the food, service and overall experience was so so. I'm a big steak fan - could eat it every night. Again, i hear about their steaks all the time. I ordered a filet and fet it was a cheap one from the store?? Grizzle on it and just lacked taste. And it was in the price range of mastros and ruth's cris. Service lacked a bit and just didnt seem like they were on their A game. Again, every visit and experience cant be perfect. We are human. Just wasnt impressed with a $100+ dinner for two.I came in with my family on a Saturday afternoon. We had a large party of 8, with 3 little boys. Unfortunately, the restaurant could not accommodate a large party and therefore separated us into two tables of 4. This was quite disappointing. The food was pretty tasty, but average. My favorite was the hot fudge sundae :) Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant for anyone with kids or larger parties.Apple Store. It has excellent product sure, but the assosiates are just dumb. They are also very snooty even though they have to wear a bland outfit every workday and essentially have nothing to be snooty about. Maybe its because they sorta have their jobs that they act that way. Ayway anythime I go in here they are always unknowledgable and unfriendly.Steve Jobs is an evil genius! I mean, can we all agree to that? This Apple Store is *always* busy. I stopped in last year to pick up iPod essentials - wall adapter for the USB cable, a audio deck adapter so I can listen in my old car, and new headphones, since mine broke. I shelled out nearly $100 for those 3 things. Evil Genius, anyone? This place is also swarming with associates, so if you have a question or need to find an item, it's easy to ask. I'm just not sure I'd trust the advice of an 18 y/o when buying a Macbook. One thing I did notice was that they were hosting free iPhone classes - especially since this was shortly after its wondrous debut. At the very least, I thought that was cool.I gave in and got the iPhone almost a month ago... and I love it for the most part.  I even had a pretty good experience when I purchased it at the Scottsdale (Kierland area) Apple store.  I'm realizing now that i forgot to yelp about that... oh well!The reason I had to go to the Biltmore Apple Store was because after two weeks of using my new phone, I realized my speaker phone, my ringer, my alarm, (basically everything audio on my phone) was not working.  And my phone was not holding a charge very long either.  I took it in today only to realize you cannot just "take it in" to meet with someone in service - you need an appointment!  Ugh!Lucky for me, I only had to wait about an hour and a half to get that appointment... so Jared and I walked around the Biltmore Fashion Park wasting time until my appointment.  And then guess what happened?  I walked in for my appointment and I was told that I needed to make sure that my iPhone was backed up to my computer or I would lose everything!  And why they couldn't tell me that in the first place, i have no clue...So I made another appointment for two hours later and I went home and backed up my phone... and then I went back for my appointment and waited and waited.  And then I met with someone who passed me to someone else and finally they took care of me.  I actually scored myself a new phone that works this time.  So, after spending a good chunk of my Saturday with several "geniuses" at the Apple store, I'm thankful to have a working phone... I just hope I don't have to spend much time there in the future.I'm currently using one of the Apple Store's display laptops typing this review.  And, even though I made an appointment a day in advance I've still been waiting half an hour to meet my genius!  So, let's get right into it because there's no telling how much longer I'll be waiting...This location has always been my home Apple store, but in the past few years I've visited other locations.  This one in particular ranks low on the customer service and store layout scales.  It seems that the ratio of blue shirted Apple employees to customers is 1:1. Yet, I still see quite a few wanderers presumably seeking Apple help and more than half of the Geniuses and their coworkers are on their iPad, Phone, or Pods.This store needs a baby intervention...I'm still waiting, hence the 3 estrellas.Waited for 25 minutes before asking for a manager for assistance. Too crowded and for all the lovely blue shirts walking around nobody bothered to help those of us standing around. Once I finally got help it was ok.I had a better experience on a weekend with plenty of staff on hand to help answer questions and ring you up. Come in here on a weeknight and chances are you'll be standing around looking like a schmuck looking for someone to help out.The setup of the store is nice and interactive with plenty of their pretty gadgets on display just waiting to loosen your wallet. At the rear are products and accessories. It would be nice if they had more guy type covers and protectors for iPod and iPhone. Most of the ones they have are quite girly. Sorry, no floral-print or polka dot protectors for MY iPhone.So all in all, it's the same as you can expect from any Apple Store, just know that there are times when you can expect better service than other times.Eh. I am actually an apple fan, but there is something about their stores that bother me. I have an older macbook and when my charger stopped working, I went in to make sure that it was the charger and not the actual connection on the macbook. Well, when I got there, I didn't have an appointment, so an employee said that it was going to be about 45minutes to an hour, which is obviously a long time to wait for a stinking laptop. Well, I agreed because I really didn't want to buy a charger if it wasn't the problem. Long story short, while I was waiting, I hooked up their test chargers to my laptop and it held the charge. Problem solved. I found the charger that I needed and tried to find the cashier... The place was packed for whatever reason, so I went up to an apple employee and he cashed me out with his iphone using square. So, that part was great, but overall, the atmosphere of the store was just "eh". A little too snooty for my likening.Switched out my phone which was nice, but I think they gave me a "refurbished" one...Apple stores today induce anxiety. I prefer the old-school checkout register with a line. Their prices are high for poorly made products with too-short warranties that seem to expire just before your computer crashes or a cable is snapped. The workers here know it but their Apple fandom forces a blind eye. Genius bar is impossible on weekends if you don't plan ahead.  I only have my Macbook Pro and iPhone because they are incredibly sexy vs the competition.I came here to find accessories for iPod to hook as much as my surround sound. And I'm an old fashion in terms of gadget, I don't have any idea what will need to buy to suite into what I want, but luckily I promptly attended by their crew and guide me. I got my new dock station and I love it!Have to say I'm conflicted with this one. While I am completely reliant and basically happy with most Apple products, the approach toward servicing customers at the store is horrible. The system of having a host greet you and get you to a customer service rep is simple, but for some reason also chaotic. My guess is the store is continually understaffed and probably mismanaged and the employees know it. The attitude of the multiple hosts/greeters I've experienced is unwelcoming, indifferent and often a little conceited. I have watched numerous people walk out of the store in frustration and have also done so myself.I guess they know their products great and just don't give a crap, they know we'll be back.I guess I'm accustomed to NYC and the vast amount of employees willing to help out when you walk in an Apple store!!  One of the guys working there looked at me and my friend and quickly looked away (Ha! Ha!).  Another guy ended up helping me and was very pleasant and efficient in getting me in and out.  I missed place my charger for my MacBook Pro.  Bought a new one and with the suggestion of the guy who helped me, I returned it (within 14 days) when I found my original charger (at my father's)!!!This store is not great.  Had to come in twice to diagnose my phone had a hardware issue.  The machine to fix it was broken - must be new use they're fixing tons of faulty screens.  The service here is slooooow, and the products just aren't great anymore.Sorry apple and apple biltmore.  You're both just, "meh".I think the quality of the dental work done out of this office is first class, but Arcadia Dentistry is expensive with my insurance covering only about 60% of total costs. I came to this office after failing to have my dental needs properly addressed by another nearby dentist, and I'm happy to report that my problems have now been properly repaired. However, it all took weeks/months longer than was probably necessary, and the overall process--which required a referral to a specialist and multiple additional visits--was not well explained to me in the beginning. Very limited appointment slots was also a problem with this office.New to the area and saw good reviews so called for an oil change and once over.  Oil change was fine and fair priced.  But then they told me that I needed a major rear brake job - to the tune of $1000+.  So I checked two other shops and got quotes over 2/3 LOWER for the work.  Got the work done at a different 5-star YELP rated facility and am happy that YELP helped me find what I needed at a fair price.  As for Tony's, check it out  . . . if you need an oil change.This place was right near my apartment and had good reviews, so I took my car here for new breaks and tires. Very expensive. I no longer have a car, so I won't need to come back. The staff were very friendly and helpful though.I've been coming here for about 8 years. Almost every Friday after work for the last 8 years with my brother for drinks and ass whippin. (I'm extremely competitive.... and of course we are related so that adds to it) The area of town is pretty hood. I've seen some shady shit transpire both in the building and out front. It's on 40th St. & and Thomas, what do you expect. The drink pour can be good or bad depending on the bartender (Shane is rad) and there really isn't anything to grub on worth mentioning (they have some crappy fried bar food) but I still consider Click's my go to pool hall. Oh, and they recently added a patio from which you can get your smoke on and watch the dumpster divers in action. High class ass if you ask me...Played pool here on a Monday night and it was DEAD.  Still had fun though.  They have a back patio to smoke on.  They have lots of pool & foosball tables.  Jukebox was a plus.  The bartender was nice and they had Shock Top on tap, which is also always a plus.  Oh, and she made me a Great bloody mary, yum!While the food remains very good at Vincent's, over the last several years the service has deteriorated significantly.   Stay away on any night when they have a lot of guests if you want your wine glasses refilled, bread refilled, or your main course to show up in a reasonable amount of time.   We used to go to Vincents for various family celebrations but now have crossed it off our list even though the maitre d'hotel did give us free champagne with dessert the last time after we complained about the service.  Try Michael's at the Citadel instead, T Cook's or Mary Elaines (although the latter is considerably more expensive and formal).Food's good, but I've always considered Vincent's over-rated & over-priced.There are too many excellent restaurants for me to consider it.  If I want that kinda deal, I'll go to Christo's.I went here for restaurant week really expecting a great meal. There were four places I went during the week and this was the first one I tried. I thought the service was very good and a few of the dishes had a lot of flavor. I definitely enjoyed the beef tenderloin and the jack daniel's pecan pie. The pecan pie was actually very sweet and bursting with flavor, it was a good way to end my meal. Also the bread was great, very tasty croissants.However, there is obviously a reason I gave Vincent's only 3 stars....I thought the lobster bisque was very bland. I was very excited to try their bisque, but it didn't knock my socks off at all. The duck confit was very dry. It came with tasty scalloped potatoes, but sadly they were the highlight of the entree, not the duck. Overall there were a lot of good things I did try, but to me, my first and second course should be excellent, and the dessert should not be by far  the best course I had.My Husband and I went to Vincent's last night for restaurant week.  We picked this restaurant because we had never been there and the menu for restaurant week appealed to us.  Overall, I have to say the food was good.  We loved the bread basket at the beginning of the meal and my brie and fig appetizer was great.  The worst part of our experience at Vincent's was the overall service, especially from the hostess, who was clearly overwhelmed with the crowd (I assume from restaurant week).  She had a very poor attitude, which was noticeable by everyone who was sat around us.  In addition to that, they have a "team" service philosophy, so it took awhile to get served and wasn't as pleasant as it could be.  All in all, the food was good, but not worth the price we paid.I was excited to try this restaurant out, especially after snagging a Groupon.  The restaurant is in a small mixed use building, which makes the parking situation very difficult.  However, after you get passed the chaotic parking, you will enter the restaurant quaint restaurant feeling like you have left the concrete jungle behind.  The inside is kind of dated, but fitting for a french restaurant.  The tables and chairs are very old and provide a nice setting to have a meal.Right off the bat, however, the service was lousy.  And this by itself is why this place gets 3 stars.  I think it took a good 10 minutes for someone to come by and take our order.  The waiters are basically career waiters, they have been their forever and unfortunately are not very friendly.  I would much rather be served by a younger person in their 20's who can provide a not so snoody feeling for the dinner.  I have eaten at other french restaurants of higher caliber and the service is much better.The food was very good though.  I had the rack of lamb.  A great choice and cooked exactly to my liking.  The desserts looked great, but nothing really jumped out at me as being have to have.  But even though we decided not to order the waiter brought out a selection of 3  mini creme brulees.  I guess that is common.  So for future reference I will not order the dessert and just bank on the free one.Overall, I wont return unless I have a groupon.  I feel there are better restaurants, and cheaper ones too.celebrated 21st wedding anniversary at Vincent's. bit of a rocky start when we got there....thought that our table wasn't great, with kitchen noise (we got there about 615 and TV or radio in kitchen was too loud) but as the restaurant filled, we realized that our corner table was the most isolated from other diners. Howie showed us our table and was very friendly. Some confusion on other waiters stopping by to take our orders throughout the evening. Duck tamales were outstanding -- lots of duck...much more than expected. lobster bisque had wonderful flavor...needed a final strain to remove a few bits of tomato and the chiffonade of basil could have been smaller. heirloom/avocado salad was outstanding. roasted lamb and all its accoutramaints was excellent and cooked perfectly. seared foie gras with peaches was a bit small, overcooked and too much sweet sauce. chocolate fondue was a bit undercooked but very tasty...chocolate tart was even better. Service was great (though confusing once or twice) and they truly treated us well knowing it was an anniversary celebration. Would definitely make reservations a bit later so that we weren't one of three tables that early at the restaurant.We tried Vincent's for Restaurant Week. When you walk in to Vincents there is a bar lobby, since my date hadn't arrived yet, I ordered a yummy lemony gin martini.D arrived after about 2 minutes and we were seated at our table.When our waiter brought our Restaurant Week menu's I already knew what I was ordering since I'd checked out the menu online. I had black bean soup with goat cheese as my first course, Lobster with House Made Basil Pasta as my second course and coconut cream pie with rum raisin ice cream for dessert. My waiter suggested a chardonnay to pair with the lobster so I did that. D ordered shrimp chimichanga for the first course, New York Strip for second course and Chocolate Profiteroles for the third course. The food was delicious. I liked it because I felt since the portions were small I wasn't ruining my weight loss efforts. it seriously was only about 3 bites in that entire lobster tail and maybe 3 bites in the vegetables and you know what? I was fine with that.

2. I learned from previous yelpers - I ordered my beer 2 at a time therefore I always had supply

Overall - 3.6/5Decided to try this place out because a friend was on his Vegan diet and this restaurant has Vegan choices. I never had the other location but he said this restaurant wasn't bad for having a variety of choice. This location is in the same plaza as Sweet Addiction and where Raw Foods use to be. --------------------------------------------Food - 5/5-----------------------------------------------­----

- Outstanding Alexis was really good!  She was personable and attentive and showed up at all the right times.  Someone who came to clear the table accidentally knocked a glass of ice water in one of my party's plate.  He promptly apologized and sent a manager.  Without question the manager removed the entree from the bill and offered an alternative.  (To go even!)  The leadership definitely emphasizes service.  Bravo!* Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation

DUMPLINGS: opt for steamed over fried, vegetarian over pork options available, the dipping sauce is delicious, heavy on the chili oil

That it was The best club he's ever been 2 WEEEEEEKKKKKKKKKKKKThis review is for what I remember as we pre partied in the room. Beautiful inside and out. It seems like a lot more of the club is outside. The music wasnt great. Again, just like XS it isnt a place where you go to dance. Its a place you go to be seen. Drinks are expensive as with anywhere in the Wynn. One plus is that they do offer guest list so you wont have to pay cover and it is not such a bitch to get in.This nightclub is a poolside venue, which in itself is pretty cool. While I was impressed with the decor, the atmosphere was not quite what I was looking for for a typical Vegas night. It was pretty laid back, with groups of people scattered all around the pool and lounging in cabanas. There was a dance floor but it was small in comparison to others, and consequently super crowded. If you're looking to kick back a few drinks with friends or chat up some dudes who have a cabana, this is the place for you. If you want a higher energy atmosphere I'd say look into other Vegas clubs.Lots and lots of stripper poles... haha. My friend and I fooled around outside with one of them and we both failed miserably... I wonder how dancers do it so easily?Ehhh I think Surrender was okay. I felt like the place was small, and what made it worse was that it was raining that day so everyone was cramped inside... so it was disgustingly hot and gross inside... and then way too cold outside. Personally, I don't think Surrender is as good as the other clubs in Vegas..Don't come here unless you have a table. This place caters to tables and cabanas and there is only one dinky little dance floor hidden in the middle somewhere. They also don't allow you to get in the water like at XS and hang out on the lounge chairs - laaaame!!!! I'd never come back here for clubbing but I do want to check out Encore Beach Club. Why isn't it called Surrender Beach Club?Kind of a small club. There were some outdoor areas but it was too cold to venture out. I was here on a Saturday night, at around 12pm the line was fairly short. Our friends were already there earlier and so we were on the guestlist. We walked right in - past some people who had to pay, hehe. Free clubbing is always fun. $20 drinks are not as. After a bit we went out to one of the bars at the casino to drink, and was able to re-enter into Surrender. Decor-wise, the club is not much compared to XS or Lavo or any of the bigger clubs. The crowd was decent - a lot of youngish people in their 20s. Most of the creepy old guys lurked around the pole dancers. The music was mostly top 40's, with a mix of other genres. Quite enjoyable place for my first Las Vegas clubbing experience. Go here if you don't have to pay to get in.Was there on New Year's Day (freezing cold). It was nice little place until they kicked me out for being a little...you know!!  =(  Overall, nice environment, decor and reasonable music... but a little pricey (especially the drinks) even with the hook-up. At the price of their alcohol, I fought the cold and we took shots out of our car instead. The crowd was alright....there a few other places that are more happening for a much cheaper cost (i.e. free for guys).While I'm never in these clubs while the masses are (typically only private company functions), I thought it was pretty good.  I liked XS better, but that's just me.  Gorgeous pool area - maybe once all that dieting pays off I can come here in the summer for a little see and be seen time in what is sure to be one of the outrageously expensive cabanas.

Beef chow fun = C, too much bean sprouts not                    much flavor.

Also I love their apple strudel, and I wanted to eat it!

Tempura Bowl

Steak panini 2.5I wanted to try this place after reading a blog post from Boston which extolled about the virtues of the restaurant chain located in New York.  Based on the review differences between the New York locations and the franchised location in the MGM I was sort of hesitant but I forged on.  I had the corned beef panini and was not overly impressed.  The rye was cracker thin.  The taste was ok but not outstanding.  For about the same price I would walk across the street to New York, New York (another MGM property) and grab a sandwich from Greenbergs deli, they know how to pile a sandwich high with fillings and include a pretty good potato salad.I'm a big fan of Tom Colicchio and sandwiches so this seemed like the perfect union. I tried both the turkey and steak sandwiches. The quality was good and I liked both sandwiches, but in all honesty, it was just average (which was just a little disappointing).The price is a little expensive for its portion size but I understand it's Vegas and on the strip, and so that wouldn't stop me from coming back. What would stop me is the fact that I can get Earl's (which tastes equally delicious if not better) at half the price.A little on the pricey side, but it is a gourmet sandwich place and you get a good amount of food. For $15, you get a sandwich of your choice, a bag of chips, your choice of an apple or banana, and a drink including some bottled selections.I ordered the goat cheese sandwich based on the reviews here. The flavors were interesting, but it lacked seasoning/salt. I was concerned that the sandwich would lack texture and be a mushy mess. The walnuts didn't offer much in that department and were barely detectible. The celery slices on the other hand, gave the sandwich a fresh cool crunch. I had a side of BBQ bagged kettle chips. House made kettle chips would be a nice touch here and give this place that real gourmet feel.I ate at 'wichcraft twice during my Vegas trip. It's certainly one of the less expensive options in the MGM Grand, but there isn't anything super exciting about it, either. I tried the roasted pork pressed sandwich and it was all right but the pork had a spice that I'm not crazy about mixed in (caraway seeds). I added tomatoes for a dollar extra and they were super weak in flavor. On my second trip I ordered the mozzarella pressed sandwich and added pesto (again, for one dollar more). The pesto was located mostly in the center of the sandwich, like the person who made it couldn't be bothered to spread it out. The sandwiches are filling calorie bombs but not much else. The main draws are the price (when compared to other options in the hotel) and the convenience of a quick meal.Was my sandwich worth $16 - No. In Charlotte we have some pretty darn good sandwich shops where you walk out with a host of delicious ingredients held between two slices of freshly baked bread for about $7-10. While I did opt for the sandwich deal that included soda, a piece of fruit (although I asked for an apple but received a banana), and a drink , I did feel they could have offered a fruit salad or even a side salad for the price tag. That being said, my sandwich was not bad - I went with the hot turkey, avocado, balsamic glazed onions etc.. I did feel the turkey could have been a little more flavorful ( it was a bit reminiscent of cafeteria style turkey- it didn't taste carved) and also the onions overwhelmed the sandwich a bit.  I would go again but perhaps step a little further outside the box with my selection.Got off the plane, checked in at the MGM and we were ready for some food! We decided to come here, the menu looked good and knowing it was Colicchio's restaurant, I wanted to give it a try. Blackened Steak Panini- white cheddar, romesco sauce and grilled scallions on country white bread.... It was just a little bit above average. The romesco needed some spice (I think), there was nothing there that just grabbed me and said 'Man this is good!' W A R N I N G

The woman I talked to seemed nice enough.

I had the lunch special - Bento Box. Was very good.

A bit disappointing to say the least.

While waiting the extra 5 to 10 mins I witnessed another party being told that they could be seated for their party of 8. Though I only counted 4 people. This is when I got concerned and thought perhaps we gave our info to the wrong person. The gentleman then asked if we had been helped. I said yes and that our party was all here and we had a reservation. He then had a look of concern because the tables were all full and it didnt look like anyone was getting up anytime soon. We were seated 10 mins later in a private room which was fine. Im not totally heartless and understand things happen but during the entire process I was not soothed in anyway by the way things were handled. There was no apolagy for the mistake, drinks offered while we waited, in fact I had to find a server just to order appetivers since it was 30 mins past our reservation time and we were rather hungry.That being said the food was delicious,  our chief was amazing, and prices were what you expected. My food was cooked wonderfully and I was satisfied by the end of the encounter. I still wish someone would have addressed the issue but I will attempt to come back another time and perhaps call to ensure my reservation is actually written down.Enjoyed my meal, the food was great and the staff was friendly. Ordered two hibachis - shrimp and salmon - both were prepared well and quickly. Also ordered the gyoza which was great. I gave them 3 stars because I felt rushed the whole meal. Halfway through eating they presented us the bill. I wanted to order dessert but was kind of taken aback of how quickly they wanted us to leave. I noticed they were getting busier and seats were getting limited but I would have liked to relax a little more. Overall I was happy to find this place as they did have a good variety on the menu with reasonable prices, next time I will try a less busy time.Great food and fun atmosphere. My husband and I actually love this place and think the price is reasonable. The reason for my three star instead of five star rating is because of the "extra charges" they put on our last bill. We spent almost $200 on food, so to be charged for something like refills on the iced tea was very annoying! We were celebrating a birthday and anniversary, we asked the waitress if they would sing happy birthday. They sang and brought out a small piece of cheesecake, then charged us for the cheesecake! I have never been charged for a "birthday" dessert! I'm sorry but if I just spent almost $200 on food the least you could do is throw in the slice of birthday cake. I really like this place but charging us for those silly things will make me think twice about going there next time. In fact, the next time I have a craving I will try the hibachi place closer to my house.It was ok but nothing special. I had the New York steak which had a lot of fat in it. My friend had the chicken and said it was really good.  My water was empty for some time and I saw the server in the corner chatting with another server. I finally gave up and refilled the water on my own.  I won't be back.The food was whatever. If you don't like teriyaki make sure to tell them. The tricks were cool though and they did a couple I never saw before. If you really want to go to hibachi, it's an easy neighborhood choice.We come here quite a bit, I would say once or twice a month. We used to frequent more often than now, so we hadn't been in some time, but I have been to this location well over fifteen times.Let me start off by saying the food here is definitely good. I cannot comment on the sushi, as I have never had it but the hibachi is always solid. Tonight we went and things seemed weird. It seems like Ohjah is getting cheap with their product. First, the chef told me he wasn't allowed to use extra garlic on my shrimp (or really use any garlic at all) because it is not procedure and he would get in trouble. Apparently management/ownership was getting annoyed with people asking for extra items and not paying. I would gladly pay for extra rice, veggie, etc. But garlic?! How expensive can a tablespoon of garlic really be. I would have paid for it had he said "garlic is extra" but he didn't; he just made it clear he wasn't allowed to use any garlic on ANY meat item other than steak..... Okay. Second, I have never counted the shrimp I get on my plate, but I would say they used to give you 8-10 shrimp per order. Today I got 5. Once again, okay. This was not the chefs fault by any means. I just feel as though ohjah is getting a little skimpy on their food. Hibachi is not cheap, so I will likely take my business elsewhere next time where they will gladly add garlic to my food.My rating is based on the turkish delight alone. Which was OK. Better than most store bought, but still not a taste of turkey. Very nice variety of flavours. I'd recommend Ryad only if you have a craving, and not as a place for the best.Ryad is a place that has one of the most prime real estate location for a kiosk in the food/restaurant area of MJT.  Right in the center at the east entrance by the stairs heading down to the parking.  You can't miss it!    My review is based on some of the rose flavoured lakoum (turkish delight) which I thought to be just okay.  My work friend brought me some back from Turkey and the real Mccoy was so much fresher and more amazing in flavour.  Here at Ryad it's passable but not amazing!  They do however have a wonderful selection of other Morrocan and middle Eastern pastries and also different stuffed pastry options.  I did not try these but I will come back and check them out.I tried this place twice. It is pretty uneven. Service was choppy. Cheerful but our order was slightly wrong both times. It was quickly corrected. The pizza is OK but the crust is paper thin and the portion small. One pasta dish was great, the other was overcooked and dry.So I see potential but some adjustments should be made. Pizza Brutta nearby does a similar style pizza much more successfully, and Cafe Porta Alba does better with both  the pizza and pasta.

2-Plating / Look

2. the drinks!  friggin ridonculous!  i paid 18 dollars for a 'rita, including tip.  and it was nasty! (how do you %$*& up a margarita is beyond me).  trust me, drink before you go or strap something to your leg (no i don't remember if i went through a metal detector to get in, so do the latter at your own risk) :)Food Review OnlyI thought this place was just ok. We did not eat anything the whole day so by 5 o'clock we just wanted to eat something. That and $5 happy hour sounded good.  We shared their happy hour appitizers and I ordered a pulled pork sandwich. Their appitizers tasted like appitizers you could find at Applebees, good but not spectacular. Their pulled pork sandwich was ok. The meat tasted good, but their sauce was too sweet for me. I like my sauce spicy.Next time I come here I would rather go to a show.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!I've been here twice:1) Dinner...don't remember what I got (the food was average, and forgettable, apparently).  I remember thinking, "how can THIS, cost THAT much?"  Tasty cocktails, way overpriced (I guess that's because it's in Vegas...).2) "Salsa dancing" night.  The quotations mean they promote it as being salsa dancing, but really it just turned into a ghetto reggaeton dance club.  NOT what I wanted, and we had to pay the cover charge to get in...very disappointing.Ceasar side salad was awesome. Bleu "Blues Burger" was very mediocre. Dry and overdone. All-female string band was tons of fun.Good food and good music is a winner any night. They bring in some great bands and keep the resturant on top par with most strip favsI've eaten here twice in the last week. Breakfast is fine, but overpriced. If you get a 2 for 1 coupon from Mandalay Bay, it's worth eating there.I also ate here during happy hour and it was better than expected. They had some special kind of rum on special so I had two mojitos and my boyfriend had 2 rum and cokes. With that we had an order of hot wings and a spicy shrimp dish w/ cornbread. Wings were SPICY and our drinks were perfect- our bill came to $21!! No complaints there!Pro: Free Blues night Saturday.  Con: $19 for halibut pasta special.  The plate was decent enough but not outstanding, rum and coke for $6 was a better deal.  If it weren't on the Strip, this would be a pretty chill place to hang, grab a drink with a buddy and some decent grub.  I liked the act on stage, had a lot of heart and wicked shreds (8 string bass!).  Somebody mentioned that the speakers are too loud, I did find this to be an issue, but not so much to make it un-enjoyable.Things I liked:-Reasonable priced casual lunch food at Mandalay Bay. Which says a lot for Vegas.-Less than 10 minute wait time to seat our party of 10 ppl.-Available seating soon after the Rock and Roll 1/2 marathon, which says a LOT, considering the race wrapped up just outside MB. We assumed this place could be jammed up.-Burgers were good, but after 13 miles, anything would have tasted good! Things I did not like:-They were out of sweet potato fries. We were so excited to have some. Huge bummer.-For not being jam packed with patrons, the service was rather slow. We had to ask a few ppl to find a server to bring water and take our orders.-Many of our orders were not prepared as requested. Onions were included when they should not have been. Salad was delivered after the entree. Some entrees were served 5-8 minutes before the rest of the party. Stuff like that. So, it was just OK. Not in a huge hurry to return.I recently held my bachlorette party at House of Blues and had a good time!!! This House of Blues is located inside the Mandalay Bay Hotel and has live entertainment at night (which keep in mind... they charge a 10% entertainment fee to your bill if you happen to be eating dinner while the music starts.) We got a great table in one of their back rooms that sat my 20 girl bachlorette party. The service was fast and attentive. The atmosphere was relaxed and decor was cool. The only thing that disappointed me was the food... it was overpriced and was not really tasty. All in all it was a good experience, mainly because of the company at my table. I probably won't be back because nothing really struck me as awesome.Other than the decor this restaurant is very average. Burgers, sandwiches, and salads. I had the Rueben with sweet potato fries. I could have gone to any other place and spent half as much and had just as good food. If you come here you many just want to opt for a drink and save your money to get food somewhere better.HOB located right smack dab in the middle of Mandalay Bay had a great atmosphere and the food was pretty good. We ate breakfast there and we left pretty full and happy. Our server was very sweet.My friends and I had a really good time shopping in the little gift shop-really cool items!Solid. When you come to the House of Blues, you are usually coming here for some name act. I popped in here last last night with some friends for the Steel Panther show.Although the show itself was a bit cheesy, it was a fun place to hang out with friends. The bartenders didn't treat me like an idiot when I asked for ice water.  Service is good. Enough bartenders for a full crowd.The stage and venue is quite small, but it's perfect! I can imagine seeing a big-name act (bigger than Steel Panther) and really enjoying the intimate vibe.Plenty of televisions so if you are talking to your friends or cozying up to a neighbor, you can still see what's going on in the stage area.Steel Panther was pretty cool, since locals get in free. Holler.I'll write up another review when I come here for a real show, but for now....A-OK.I've been here for concerts and shows but never ate at the restaurant. My boyfriend and I decided to try it out after watching The Lion King. We were pretty disappointed with the small menu and prices. Like many restaurants in Las Vegas, they charge you an additional tax for live entertainment. It's really difficult to carry on any kind of conversation with music blaring.The service was great but the food was definitely not worth the price.With entrees being approximately $20, I expected fairly good to large sized proportions. Not great food selections and the taste was alright. I feel like I would have been more satisfied from McDonald's.I won't ever come back for the food.Come here ONLY FOR THE HAPPY HOUR!! The food is reminiscent of high school cafeteria food but the HAPPY HOUR IS SUCH A good deal, it's worth it.... but only for happy hour!!I think like 4 of us had drinks and food for like 35 dolla!!Remember, this isn't mortons, and only order appetizers and beers and mixed drinks during happy hour and let the vegas dream live on beootches!First off - this review is only for the concert going experience. I don't think I've every actually eaten here, and don't really plan to.I've been here quite a few times since I've lived here for concerts. I've actually been to this venue more than any other in town for concerts.The last concert I was here for was just this past Friday (Keane with Ingrid Michealson and FRAN HEALY from TRAVIS). The most recent time before this weekend was in October, so I can't really rate on that experience. I've never actually gone to a concert for the almost sole purpose of seeing an opening act (if you couldn't tell, I was there for Fran from Travis). The tickets for this venue usually cheaper than other places on the strip (these were $28 for GA...however, I paid over $15.00 in taxes and fees for each ticket). I've never encountered a completely sold out show, and the will call window is super easy and doesn't typically require an additional fee.

Value - LOL a joke, the food is great but I have had better. The seafood was actually better than the steak. We dropped $2500 for 4 bottles of wine and we each had a steak and some seafood appetizers and dessert. Would I come back? Nah, it was fun for my bro's bachelor party and it's a nice place and all but for the money we expect much higher quality food although it was tasty.Its not Queue any more at this address (1221 rene-levesque) - we had some steaks and wine.. steaks were not the best.. would not go back. would love to visit a real deal queue this summer..Went two times here. First time exquisit! Great meal delicous. Second time in new location. Food was great but Way to crowded. Was stuck inbetween two rooms and my chair was about half a foot from the waiter station. Constant traffic and waiters knocking into me every minute. Also next to bar horrible location for a table esepcially when the meal is pricey. The food and service was good though but the expierence was dimminished due to poor layout.I had been to this place years ago.  And its just as expensive as I remember!!! I was not sure if I should give 3 or 4 stars!! My wife ordered the seafood platter as an opener!! It was big and so was the cost. This is how I described it, OK and expensive while when I think of Florida where its amazing and cheap!! My wife still liked it!! I ordered the Baseball cut fillet Mignon!! I wanted it med-rare. Have of it was but the other half was well done and dry!!! Strange!!!! It was good and I enjoyed my meal and the wine. Dessert was a white chocolate cheese cake which I had a small sample and it was great!!!I am easy going but the boss was swearing his head off at the staff and was freaking out some of the customers!! He should just be careful with the F words. Does not bother  me but it did others and this is a fancy restaurant!!! For this reason 3 stars instead of 4!!!So... I actually came here for the QDC burger and the restaurant for their steaks.  I didn't realize it was the same place till after I had dinner here.  Then it all made sense... QDC... Queue de Cheval.First the burger.  I tried the spicy shrimp burger.  I loved the char on the bread (I think it's like a Focaccia?) , it gives it a great smokey flavor but the bread was a little too substantial / thick.  Overwhelms the meat a little bit.  They pile on the spicy shrimp onto the burger.  The shrimps alone were awesome.  Piled on the burger, not so much. Also with the sauce from the shrimp, the burger was dripping .   i would have probably like the normal burger more.  Now for the dinner. lobster carpaccio was okay, it just needed a much better sauce.  The side dishes were okay, my favorite was the mash potatoes.  The duck fat fries were okay, a little chewy.  The steak was cooked well... good char on the outside.  Perfectly medium rare on the inside... but something was just off about it.  Lacked flavor, a little dry.  The waiter raved about the quality of the meat... but I just found it lacking.  Ambience is okay. For a nice steak house, I find the TVs distracting.  music is blasting like we're in a club.  Wish they were tone down some of that stuff.This is a review for the Burger Counter at the back of the new building.It's probably the cheapest way to find out about the hype without spending a fortune.Still pricey, around $20 for a burger, fries and soft drink.I had the Mob Burger, Pepperoni, Mozzarella, spicy tomato sauce and Mushrooms.While I can tell that the ingredients are top notch, my burger tasted like pizza with some ground beef in the middle. It was not my first choice (they ran out of the MTL Burger Week Special), and was recommended by the staff.I went back the next day to see if they had the Special, they ran out.---------------------------------------------Description below-----------------------------------------------

Until next year Hallmark...A card costs how much? Upwards of $7-$8 were on the high end of the scale. For any special occasion Hallmark has the exact sentiment printed. I just don't get how paper could cost so much. I am a windbag that loves to write my own messages into cards and they are no cheaper. The average cost of cards are somewhere around $4. I sometimes wonder if people even keep the card. For something that gets tossed aside for the gift, I feel like I am getting fleeced. Besides cards, they carry stuffed animals, decorative wine glasses, wrapping paper, gift bags, and other trinkets.So....the wife drug me into here for some girlie stuff for friends and family. I was reluctant at first because im more of a walmart or target grab and go kinda card giver. Anyway, they definitely have tones of cards and other little gifts.  They also feature a lot of candles and holiday decorations.  The folks in the store were not the friendliest but whatever, maybe ill buy them a card to cheer their day up.Very busy. Childcare staff needs more training with infants. Need more classes, they are always packed and not able to fit everyone. But it's very clean.My husband and I have been members since October 2013.  Membership is a little pricey, but you do get what you pay for.  The amenities are great, the gym is clean and well-staffed (staff members are very friendly!), the M Kids childcare center is fun & they offer some great events like date night and parent's night out.  (Another special feature for parents - you can take a peek in on the little ones while you're working out just by changing the TV station to a dedicated channel.  Cameras are in every room of M Kids.)  Great sauna and steam room, and there's plenty of equipment which is great because this is a busy gym!  I did try the free training sessions, and my trainer was very knowledgeable (if a little conceited and condescending)... Pricing may be on par for personal training (I wouldn't know), but it was more than I could afford.  In terms of membership I would recommend paying 12 months up front, which saves you a little on the overall cost.  I haven't joined a class yet but there are quite a few offered, at all times of the day, which are free to members as well.  All in all, if you're planning to spend a good amount of time at the gym, this one is worth checking out.  TIP: Check groupon and livingsocial for periodic special offers.Gym is clean and recently remodeled.  Can be quite busy at times with a young crowd so getting on machines can be frustrating as they love to "hang out" and not move along as they should.  Never understood the reason why there is a tanning booth inside the locker rooms.  Isn't this a "Health Club"?  This is one of the most unhealthy things you can do to your body and I see women going in it all the time.  I have never been in one myself and have had several skin cancers from the sun alone after living here so long.  A tanning booth is worse than the sun and people don't realize what it is doing to them until years later they end up with melanoma!  It happens!  I have the scars to prove it! All in all, its a nice facility!We are newer to the area so maybe our expectations are just too high. However, for the cost of this gym I would expect a clean environment with staff that are friendly and work to keep the place up. There are only wipes in the cardio area which means the free weights are not cleaned by gym members after use. Gross. We asked about it and were told they should be somewhere on the gym floor. Well they aren't. Trainers are rude. Twice I have had my area on the mats taken over by them with a client. Completely rude. And yes I was actively working out there. Also, it says no bags on the floor but people do it and it's so busy you don't even know who the bag belongs too to ask. Last, people don't put their equipment back. It's frustrating that there is no enforcement on any of it.I took one of my cats here for a long overdue round of vaccinations. This is a preventative clinic and not a place to take your sick pets, which is fine by me. It makes for a much shorter wait.The clinic is rather small, especially if two or more large dogs are in the waiting area. Staff is generally OK, although only the veterinarian said hello to me. The vet techs and receptionist pretty much directed me what to do and weren't really into small talk. But whatever; I'm at a animal clinic and I'm being too critical. If you just want to get your pets vaccinated or fixed for reasonable prices, this is the place to go.Stopped here for lunch with the Bf. He's been wanting me to try this place since he tried it a few weeks back.I got the chicken tenderloin plate which came with a pita, saffron rice, a bit of spinach/greens, and raw onions with some spices on it. The chicken tenderloin was tender and juicy and very tasty. It had an yellowish tint and a hint of spices which made me think that it had some curry powder on it. The saffron rice was ok. I didn't think it had much flavor.. I really wanted to like it more. (i go apeshit over Yanni's rice pilaf) The pita was nice and crisp. Their tzaziki sauce was very nice and refreshing as well. I also got the dolmeh which I wasn't too crazy about. Although the olive oil was really really fruity and delicious.. there was just waaaay too much for my liking. The Bf liked using the excess to dip his pita bread in.The space is spacious and clean. Service is ok. Not the friendliest I've encountered but ah, after you order and get your food.. it doesn't really matter. They are on the slower side which I don't mind since the food came out hot and fresh. Their prices range from $8.99 and up.Overall, not too high up on my list to visit frequently.. but I would return.I stopped in today with my mom for a quick bite to eat, and was actually pleasently surprised.We both ordered the $9.99 Kubideh special, which offered a choice of two meats (Beef, Chicken, or Lamb) along with a small helping of spinach, greens, and onions as well as a good amount of saffron rice and a large piece of Taftoon bread. We both chose the combo of Chicken and Lamb, and were surprised at how large the portion was in comparison to the pictures on the menu. My mom and I could have easily split one plate and been perfectly full.The taste of the food itself was pretty good as well. The Lamb had a nice bold flavor, and the Chicken tasted as though it had some sort of curry powder on it. The Taftoon bread was pretty tasty, though a little dry. I wasn't too crazy on the rice though, which was nice in its texture, but lacked the taste I was hoping for. I must say, that despite being pretty tasty, most of the meat smelled fairly rank. I'm a big fan of Mediterranean and Middle Eastern cusine, but the aroma coming off of this meet smelled of pure flatulence. A small price to pay for tasty food.One of the highlights of this place though was the wonderful service. The workers were extremely helpful, and even brought us a free order of their Baklava and Zulbia desserts, which were also both pretty tasty.Overall, this place is definently worth checking out. Just remember when ordering that the $9.99 special is definently food enough for two people, so if you're ordering for one opt for the cheap meals that give you just one Kubideh.The kabobs are quite tasty.  Rice is totally bland.  Overall pretty good.  But the customer service was horrible!  Half the staff were talking on their cell phones right behind the counter in plain site of everyone.  Took awhile for one of them to drop their phone conversation to actually take our order.  No apology, not even a greeting, they just walked to the register and looked at me.I had the lunch special Gyro. It was ok. For the price it was great value and would go again if I am craving a Gyro and am in the area.Eh oui, encore une des grandes institutions montréalaise : le complexe Desjardins. Quel Montréalais ne connait pas la fameuse tour en forme de ruche?Bien que plus grand que le centre Eaton, le complexe réunit pourtant moins de boutiques et ce pour la simple raison qu'il fait la part belle aux bureaux administratifs. On y retrouvera néanmoins de nombreux restaurants, et plusieurs boutiques de vêtements ou de chaussures, ou encore des librairies, une SAQ, un IGA, etc. De manière générale, il s'agit de commerces se situant entre le milieu et le haut de gamme (exception faite du Dollarama) aussi n'y viendrez vous pas à des fins économiques. Le complexe offre de nombreux évènements dont le plus fameux est certainement la venue de celui qui est unanimement reconnu pour être le VRAI père Noël, tous les ans à partir du mois de novembre. A cette occasion, la fameuse fontaine est entièrement redécorée et tout un village de Noël grandeur nature est installé.

3.) Manager- miss

Bartender was cool and even spoke to me in dakine.  Thanks.

One staff member messed up on rolling a burrito, the cashier was rude and tossed our water cups.A guy behind the cooking grill was playing on his phone.  All in all I'm glad there are new stores open in Maricopa and Chipotle being one of them but if the customer service remains the same, the store won't be open for long.Interesting place with a wide variety of Artisan food and art/pottery.  Very relaxed atmosphere but needs a bit of rigor around running a retail environment.  Check it out!This review is for WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET ONLY!Food is Not too spicy. The taste is not like your typical India restaurant curry and biriyani,although it's too oily. Number of dishes in the buffet is too few. The biriyani is to die for, far better than your typical South Indian biriyani. The owner is a very nice and friendly man. The neighborhood is a little shady though. They have only paper plates and plastic silverware to eat with, but some days, they have China and metal silverware instead . The place is really clean though. Worth a try for weekday lunch... Dinner however is a completely different story (in a good way :) ).My husband and I went here for a glass of wine while out on a last minute date night.We had already eaten, so we just sat in the bar. I had a glass of wine and my husband skipped having anything once we had been treated as lesser customers. Sadly, the bar tender didn't seem to think we were worth much attention... maybe because we weren't dressed fancy enough. I don't know... don't judge a book by its cover. (I digress) So the wine was great and the menu looked stunning! We will be back for a real meal at some point. (Don't worry snobby bar tender... I'll dress up next time to meet you expectations and judgmental side glare.) Hopefully next time I'll find this place is with more stars... based on the look and menu, it should be! Very impressive.I have been to V. Picasso 2 times, once on my birthday and another on my wedding anniversary. My experience on my birthday was nice. We had ordered mussels and crab cakes for appetizers and quail and scallops for mains. All dishes were nice, although mussels were overcooked. After this, we decided to give it another try on our anniversary. Service as usual was very nice. We ordered shrimp toast for appetizer and lamb shank and duck for the mains. Shrimp toast was just ok. My husband did not like it at all. Hence, our all hopes were on mains. Lamb shank was fine but it did not have any freshness of vegetables or salads to cut the richness of dish. On the other hand, duck had some freshness but was overcooked. Overall, it was just an ok experience. My overall ratings are below:Shrimp toast: 5/10

2. This place gets packed on the weekends and ladies night (which is Wednesday). What's great about Wednesdays is that ladies cocktails are 50% off.

The decor it what gets me, though. It's like they tried really hard to be super contemporary and also kind of asian clubby but missed the mark on both or whatever kind of combination was supposed to happen, so it ends up just kind of tacky.Burgers and shakes were pretty good although skimpy, no sides everything is extra.  This is a hip spot but expensive for students. clean lines very open, staff were nice.  But I can't imagine going back because it was so noisy,  I have never heard anything like it, the noise was deafening nobody could hear a thing.Are you an undergrad? Then 5 Yelp stars, bro!! Bro, seriously. $10 all-you-can drink OJ & champagne!!! Hell yeah cocktails on tap, like they're beer! Plus, they're so sweet, it doesn't even taste like you're drinking alcohol LOL. But don't even bother with those cause we're ALL getting refills on our mimosas poured out of silver pitchers. We can get EVERYONE in a booth & then split the check 8 ways. Selfie cause we're so fng fancy right now. OMG load that flute up again, son, cause it's bottomless.Now, are you 5 years into your mortgage just trying escape the worst for a moment before you have to go back to work on Monday but you can't taste the life-giving whiskey in this whiskey smash because all you taste is sugar and ice and how can they get 8 people in a booth comfortably when 6 of us with real adult anatomic proportions and not adolescent Bieber abs have to sit with one cheek off the seat and STOP TOUCHING MY LEG! No, I don't want to make my own Bloody Mary, I can do that at home. Wait, you won't let me get a delicious milkshake because I can barely button these shorts that fit fine last year, but you can get one?! Can I taste it? Oh god it's so good and tastes just like a campfire marshmallow. Hey, this spicy breakfast sandwich isn't half bad. Your burger isn't that good? Then let's get a bottomless mimosa to wash the bad taste out of our mouths and ultimately our souls. Wooohoooo!3 stars.My first experience wasn't the greatest but the flavors were spot on. My salad was drowning in dressing, the lettuce should have been tossed in a colander with the dressing so that it was covered but didn't turn into soup. When I mentioned it to the staff it became my fault. He stated I should have asked for the dressing on the side. I was very disappointed in the response. I was unable to eat even half of the salad because of the amount of dressing. My drink was wonderful.The truffle fries and parmesan fries were awesome.My second time at DLUX was pretty good as well again, not the best service. The server came to the table once before the meal to bring water and get our order, once to bring the food, and once to bring the bill. The plates weren't cleared from the table. Our waters weren't refilled. We would have ordered dessert if we had received better service. Its very unfortunate.The food was great this time. Completely flawless nothing excessive. We each had a burger. We ordered the half serving of truffle fries and half serving of parmesan fries. More than enough.Overall great food, just not so great customer service. Possibly the next time I'm there we will have better service.First visit here and while the service was great and prices reasonable, the burger fell flat. We split the DLUX and green chilie. The buns are too big/out of proportion.  Burgers we overdone for our liking (you cannot order to your preferred temp) and green chilie toppings were relatively  bland. Chips and onion dip were ok.  We won't purposely go back, but if friends want to go,  I'll try a shake and chicken sandwich. Fries also sounded good.Every time I come to Dlux I have an amazing time but this was not even close.  I know they do not take over the phone reservations but usually if I am five minutes away they will put my name on the list.  The hostess said she put my name on the list and I would have a table when I arrived, of course, they have no idea what I'm taking about.... Then a table opens up and they tell me it is held for a reservation coming in.... Doesn't make too much sense.  Besides the stupid host staff out server was great and so was the food.  I always stay with the sausage breakfast sandwich! The apple butter is to die for :).Others have described the food well so I'll just say that it was very rich but not super flavorful.  Seemed like if it was going to be that many calories it should taste better.As for burgers, Tip Top and Weary Traveler are both better.We went for a quick lunch yesterday- we've been on the hunt for the best burger in Madison....the hunt is still on.  DLUX had a nice looking bar and atmosphere but the restaurant was thick with flies.  It was pretty gross and a borderline appetite-loser.  We had the caramel pecan shake, cheddar onion fries and green chile burger.  Good selections- the shake was full of actual pecans and delicious.  The consistency of the cheese on the fries was perfect and they tasted freshly cut.  The burger was good too-nice balance of ingredients.  So we might try again in the dead of winter when they fly population dies down but for now we're still on the best burger hunt......We have frequented D Lux many times since opening a few years ago and both my husband and I agree that the burgers are not as good as they used to be. The fries, cocktails and everything else about the burgers are great but the meat is very thin and over done. The atmosphere and service is great!Blue cheese and bacon fries were nicely crisp, but the blue cheese sauce under the crumbles of blue cheese and bacon bits was too mild to add much flavor.  The lemongrass lemonade was disappointing - I was expecting more lemonade and less lemongrass and got instead a lemongrass flavored soda with none of the tartness of lemon.  Service was friendly and quick.What happened????  My beloved deluxe has become de-yucks!I have been going to deluxe regularly since it opened. The burgers WERE big, juicy and delicious. Now they are as thin as McDonalds, skimpy on the toppings and is dry as the Sahara desert.  The drinks were weak and I couldn't taste any alcohol. Usually they were decent but now pack NO punch. What a waste of money!Finally the service-  they were moderately busy and it took almost a half hour to get our drinks and an hour to get our food!  The waitresses blamed it on the challenge of making a Bloody Mary... Seriously???  You are a bar/restaurant, I've bartend, it doesn't take more than a few minutes, even with a lot of garnish. Deluxe- please get your shit together and go back to the food and service of past!Sooooo disappointed!!!For now we are officially breaking up. Don't call me, I'll call you.***Update-  we went back, the service was improved and the food was better this time but still not as good as the early days when it first opened.I've been here quite a few times, only for lunch or dinner. I usually order the green goddess salad. I am a big fan of the ambiance and service I usually get here. My one piece of advice here: definitely order the loaded fries! My favorite is the blue cheese & bacon.It's never wowed me,but I've never left disappointed or hungry, so what more can you really ask for?The meat is only cooked one way for an $8.50 burger. The menu doesn't have many opinions. The service was great but I didn't get the modern style bar with a poor menu and not so good food.It pains me to down grade this place as I really liked it! I recently dined at DLUX for dinner. I usually always get the couch potato burger (maybe that was my mistake) I decided to try their DLUX burger, it was 'meh' I was regretting my choice. Myself and 2 guests I was with got the parmesan truffle cream fries which is a fav - they came out cold! booo.  I also ordered their lemongrass lemonade (one of their house made sodas) it had no taste at all! It tasted like I was just drinking club soda. Very disappointing dinner - really hoping it was just an "off" night for them.Giving this place a 3 1/2 star rating. Been here 3 times now for happy hour. Their drinks are pretty good and I have split the salmon burger with my mom at the bar and it was really good. They do not really have a good variety of appetizers/ bar food though.Would probably not come back for dinner, everything is ala carte so if you want any sides with your burger it is not included in the price of the burger. They are also 1/4 lbs burger which is just not my preference of burger size. There are plenty of other places in Madison for a burger so DLUX is not my first choice.Wife got the Velvet Shake, which was good. The fried pickles were great. But our entrees were just o-kay sadly. Her burger was alright and my salmon burger was alright as well. Nothing terrible, but is it worth going downtown and waiting for? I'd have to say no.On food, DLUX feels like a four, but on atmosphere, a two. The place attracts a pretty young, drunk, and loud clientele that makes it really difficult to enjoy the admittedly decent burgers and shakes. It felt like a cattle call the other day when we went late during brunch (2 p.m.) and struggled to have a conversation over the din wrought by gaggles of college girls downing their bottomless mimosas. Yeah, I sound like an old fogey. But really folks, if you're 30 or older, stop by on an off hour to enjoy the delicious milkshakes. My favorite is the toasted marshmallow, but the special shamrock shake for St. Patty's day is a close second. Beyond that, the burgers are pretty good, if a bit pricy for their petite size and lack of fries. (Fries are average, all told.) For burgers, I will stick to Mickey's Tavern for the time being.If you are in the mood for a burger and want some spicy options to break away from traditional American interpretations, this is a nice stop. Sweet potato fries with chipotle dressing are addictive. It's a bit upscale from most burger places as well. This would give  a higher rating if they had healthier options but I think that's more about my making a category mistake of looking for healthy food at a comfort-foodery.Been here 6 or 7 times...they specialize in burgers, but only cook thin patties at one temp. Odd. I often go for the salads, which are solid. Love the decor and the feel, but often have to wait for a booth or table. Many young people. The atmosphere is fun, especially with young weekend crowd drinking bottomless mimosas...not a place to go for a quiet brunch after church :-)I received a Groupon for an hour float at True REST Float Spa as a birthday gift in February. With a knee injury and some downtime to spare, I finally booked an appointment for a Friday night at 8:30PM. The idea of floating weightless in a pod to take the stress off your joints (and mind!) sounded incredible. Booking an appointment wasn't convenient to say the least. It seems that the staff at True REST aren't consistent about answering their phone (something I also noticed while at the spa, maybe consider getting a Bluetooth headset or staffing a second team member?), so I went in and got my appointment booked with Nick. Whoever was responsible for the interior design and ambiance of this place most certainly succeeded. A lounge to relax in with locally sourced tea and a flavored oxygen bar; heck, even the place where you watch the introductory video put me in the right state of mind with the recliners. I noticed some other athletes waiting with me, so figured, "Hmm, this must be legit if these soccer guys come in regularly!" I had also heard the 2015 Superbowl teams stopped here for floats. Once the room was prepared, AJ lead me back. He did a thorough job of explaining everything I needed to know about the pod. Each pod room is equipped with a shower, conditioner, body wash, Vaseline to cover any nicks or cuts on your body, and earplugs to wear during your float (HIGHLY recommended you use them). I get in the pod, and it took me several minutes to get used to the idea of floating.Once my mind and body finally simmered down just a little over 20 minutes in (to what was supposed to be an hour session), things went south. No, really . . . Intense sudden onset of nausea, and felt like I had a raging UTI downstairs. It was stated in the video that nausea could be a sign of carrying stress in your stomach, but no way was I going to return to that relaxed state of mind with everything on fire. Took a shower, and met AJ back in the lounge.I asked him if that sensation was a normal reaction - He said that could very well have been my body ridding itself of toxins. One thing that isn't  mentioned on their Website FAQ (at least when I looked) but is on the consent forms:Kidneys are responsible for processing magnesium in the body. If you have Chronic Kidney Disease, this could pose a problem for you. So, since it isn't mentioned on the website, let me spell this out for you: If you have ANY kind of Renal issues . . . ASK YOUR DOCTOR FIRST BEFORE YOU GO HERE! I have only one kidney but that's all my body has ever known, so I didn't think I'd experience any issues. The more you know . . . AJ didn't run the Groupon and told me to share it with someone I thought would benefit from the experience, which was much appreciated - Classy folks and excellent customer service!  I'm very sad my body can't tolerate this type of therapy. Unfortunately I won't be back.The float spa experience is pretty cool. It might not be for everyone. If you can't be still for a while you might find it frustrating because you really should try to not move to get the relaxation they advertise. If you can stay still though it's very nice. That being said. While the experience is interesting, and I would recommend people try it if they are curious, use a groupon, because the cost IMO is too high for what you get. Which is just an hour float and some ear plugs. That's pretty much it. They don't even provide you a towel for free. And the relaxation you get is nice, but I'm not sure how therapeutic exactly. I mean, I can go to a spa, get a human being to rub down my entire body with essential oils and aroma therapy, and I even get a bathrobe for $60 an hour. I have no idea how much it costs to run these pods, but $80 for an hour to lay in a salty tub, does not compute to me. They have package deals, but that just means you end up paying more of you only wanted to go once in a while. If the cost were $30-40 I might consider going more often. Other than that, I'll just come in for my free birthday float, which is nice. Thanks for that. Cuz they don't honor any other discounts for repeat customers.I had my first float experience here in july 2015. It was amazing. The staff was so calming, personable and attentive. The atmosphere was gorgeous and inviting. A hidden gem in an otherwise ordinary strip mall. We watched a video to prepare for the float; full instructions on what to do to best experience the float.  It was a strange, interesting, new experience. I loved it. They poured us tea after and helped us with the oxygen bar in the lounge. Five stars, love love love.

I will say the service is excellent. Waiters are very attentive and are aware of their customers desires and level of drinks. The service is very friendly and insightful on the menu.     In conclusion many of the dishes are very normal tasting. The desserts are very good overall. It is overpriced for what you get in respect to food but I say it's good to try once. If you are in for the deserts the bakery across has the same ones but will have a long wait.Went for lunch - I would give it 3 1/2 stars.The sauce was good, meatballs OK and service very good.If I had to go back, I would, but I would not seek it out.Met a group of peeps for lunch.  Our first discussion at the table was where is the best place to park. Well, it wasn't the Venetian, where I was lucky enough to park and walk from. Grrrr!  After getting the waiter to confirm, use the Palazzo Valet, but it's still a little trek. The waiter was super friendly and nice, even when I returned my soda, because it had a funny smell. I promise it wasn't me...I made half the table confirm it smelled bad. I asked the waiter what was good and he said many things. I mentioned the chicken parm, because so many people on yelp ordered it, and he said that was a good option. So I went for it.  Buyers remorse!!  It was decent, don't get me wrong, but the guy across from me got a burger that looked amazing!!!  Who would have thunk it...a burger at an Italin joint?!  Next time!The parm was ok, and most would probably love it, but I am super picky about my sauce, being raised in an Italian pasta sauce making family. It did have two big pieces of chicken, fried well, and not dry with ample cheese on top. I wouldn't throw it away, but it wasn't OMG, I am ordering this again.  I already know I will be ordering the burger next time. :PI also wish I had room for the lobster tail dessert, but I just don't. :(I would come back again, because I think this place could make me happy.  Just not a good start with the strange soda this time.Our waiter was the best, funny and point. We were there around 8pm. Place was packed. Once waiter took our order it long to get our food. The food was ok. I ordered the Lasagne it was good. I had better.  Their portiions are big. I was not able to eat half of it. Also to heavy to have this late. I could not sleep.

-Pure nightclub draws a pretty enjoyable people-watching crowd inside the casinoCons:

The menu has choices for everyone and portion size is way up there.The food itself is OK at best - relatively bland, overall. But, it's bar food in N. Scottsdale, so I think that's par for the course. Nothing bad, just a little on the blah side.The service...well, um. Yeah. The service. I think the only requirement for employment as a server is to be cute. They sure as hell aren't hired for any of the actual skills needed to be a decent server. Reminds me of the staff at Ra Sushi and way too many other places.That said - it's still worth a visit! Just bring some good people to have great conversations with and the patio will be a lovely and comfy backdrop for that. And if you're patient and, well, patient - you'll even get some good drinks and decent food. Fido will even get a water bowl!Stopped in for lunch, had the fish & chips, good service, fish a little overcooked but tastyPros:

Like most workout facilities these days, Planet Fitness has a low fee enrollment and offers separate packages to suit different clients needs. I am a Black Card holder, so I am entitled to their massage chairs which really do the trick if you are knotted up...plus the payments are simple @ $20 /month and the contract is nothing to snuff about. They have enough machines that you almost never have to call next, save for the Smith Press' they have out.I also have to say: This is by FAR and away the cleanest gym I have ever seen. It is spotless, even the showers are immaculate each time I go in. Same with the walkways and machines, always are brightly shined and no evidence of wear. The atmosphere at this gym is very relaxed, like they say: No Lunks! Simply put, they do not take any Macho Man weight lifters intimidating clientele. I must concur that I definitely feel comfortable as I slowly gain strength, and have never once felt awkward or out of place.~The Bad~

Ceviche - refreshing and loved the plain chips

I think they should rename this place "Mediocre Southern Comfort Food."  Most of the meal choices earn you a trip to their "salad bar." Yes.. I put salad bar in quotes because it offered only one choice of lettuce with few veggie toppings, but I will give them credit that they did have a large variety of dressings.Alligator tail: A good appetizer. The breaded deep fried nuggets of gator did not have any distinguishing flavors. I could have been eating fried chicken nuggets and I would not have known the difference. However, the breading did have good seasoning and the nuggets were crispy so that is a plus.The freshwater catfish was thinner and milder in flavor whereas the farm-raised catfish was thicker with a stronger flavor. Both preparations were a big disappointment. The breading was completely bland and the fried fillets weren't crispy. So it was an overall soggy flavorless dish. The only thing that made it palatable was the cocktail sauce that I dipped it in. If you ever had the opportunity to eat at Catfish Alley- this place pales in comparasion.The fried shrimp was a little better, but I could have gotten better fried shrimp from the Red Lobster.Plus side: the catfish/shrimp dishes are AYCE so if you have a large appetite you can eat your weight in fried seafood, but for me and my husband, we left full... but not satisfied.3 1/2 stars.  I wanted to give it 4 stars being a family establishment and all.  First of all, the food is good.  Really down home good.  One can easily get addicted to the hush puppies with honey butter. Or shall I say honey butter with hush puppies.  It's as though these two need to coexist in flavor.  I tried the hush puppy alone and you just can't indulge without the butter.  Now, if you're expecting a Long John Silver kind of hush puppy, this is not it.  It's more like a yummy corn meal concoction shaped like a cocktail sausage.  This was served hot n fresh while we waited for our order.  One can easily fill up on these before the entrees arrive.The server was friendly but the place was really busy.   You get one trip to the salad bar and that was fine.   The plates are nicely chilled and there are a few mayonnaise based salads like Mac salad, potato salad, some kind of kraut (?) salad and of course, green salad fixins'.  It was all delicious.I ordered the award winning gumbo made with turkey.  I didn't see okra in this soup but it had the right amount of flavor and saltiness that I would recommend it.  Different and unique for sure.  Now comes the actual entrée.  We decided to be adventurous and order the platter which included alligator meat, farm raised catfish, fried oysters.    Like the old adage, "It tastes like chicken" is true about the 'gator meat.  Yes, even my son will have bragging rights that he ate alligator and actually liked it.  It looked like a chicken nugget.  He also ordered a grilled cheese and really enjoyed it. I'm not a fan of any farm raised fish, however, the entree came with it.  The catfish was crispy coated in a cornmeal crust and fried just right with no greasy residue, perfect accompanied with tartar sauce.

Primed ribs ,over cooked, driedThe last time I had a delicious buffet crab legs was at Bellagio and that was in 2006. Since, they ordered a junior size and it doesn't taste the same. Costco is the best in providing delicious king crab legs. Caesar comes near second providing king size Dungeness crab claws. Since I'm in LA I go to Redondo pier to get my steamed Dungeness crab claws :)This use to be one of my favorite buffets, but that was a few years ago.  I came back this past weekend and was disappointed to hear they took the king crab legs off the menu about a month ago.  No more KING.....instead, steamed snow crab legs with melted butter on the side.  Melted butter added a nice touch, but I'm not a fan of the steaming...when you load up on 5# of it on one plate like me, the shell eventually starts changing colors to an off-white and the texture becomes rubbery, making it tedious to eat.  I do give credit for the jumbo sized cocktail shrimps, and the service was excellent.  At the dessert bar, the bread pudding with vanilla creme was good.  FYI Dinner is $30 (tax included).We had a pleasant experience here! A huge part of that was due in fact to our wonderful server Lisa. She really made us feel comfortable and we certainly enjoyed our meal and time there. I wouldn't expect any less of Mandalay Bay.Bayside is slightly lower in price but the same vegas buffet staples are still there like crab legs which unfortunately were not warm and split open like other buffets prepare them. A bummer for my husband since he prefers them that way but a huge relief for me- I could ease my stresses of him from digging into this high cholesterol indulgence. Note: A wonderful alternative to the busy buffets along the main area of the strip- we were seated right away.The food is right above average, striking just below the "appetizing" mark.It's pricey to get in, but I guess it's fine.For plate 1, I had the prime rib, the salmon, the shrimp, and the rice. I know it doesn't seem like much, but I had more later. The prime rib I had was thick. The little edges of fat gave the prime rib some flavor, but overall, it was a little bland. The salmon was well..... salmony? The shrimp is fried shrimp you know, just battered and fried shrimp.Plate 2! I had the crab legs only. OK, I know I don't eat much at buffets, but the dessert is an exception. The crab legs were not chilled; they were actually quite warm. They were salty, but really delicious. If only I had the stone crab claws. I had sampled one and it was DELISH!Dessert! I had the chocolate mousse cup, a chocolate chip cookie, a piece of passion fruit cake, and the sugar free strawberry cake. Dieters beware! Every sweet indulgence at Mandalay Bay will gain you some weight! The chocolate chip cookie was THE BOMB. The cakes were...Meh. The chocolate mousse was heaven in a little cup. Savory, sweet, it's all you can ask for in a dessert.A view of the Mandalay Bay Beach, nice waiters and waitresses, decent food, and somewhat decent prices make the Bayside Buffet a place you don't want to miss.Buffet  $30 -packed as usual.  Nothing outstanding but something for everyone to hit the spot.  Crab legs were cold and just OK, prime rib was chewy but OK, the Chinese items were acceptable.  Sushi available, pasta available, salads, all the usual.  Had expected slightly better quality.  All the dessert we tried were delicious, and there was a sugar free choc dessert which was yum!

*Nueske applewood smoked bacon

....It's a chain. Tastes like chain. Server was friendly. Prices were reasonable if you go in knowing what you're gonna get. Love the check in Rita ( which was stronger than the specialty drink I had). Try to get a seat by the ledge so you can people watch. We went after dark whole folks were heading to the clubs and that was the best entertainment of the night!Place is super expensive. At $20 a plate they can at least bring some chips without charging extra. It's loud and big. If you can't get a patio seat consider just pushing on. However, the tortilla soup is amazing. The service was excellent. Fish tacos had great presentation and texture but low on flavor. Nachos were standard. I rated it 3 considering the price.First off, their margaritas are top notch.  They offer them with many different tequilas and flavors.  Try the margarita if you happen to stop into Cabo Wabo.Now that that is out of the ay, the rest of my experience underwhelmed.  I came for a party so the prices didn't bother me as much, but just looking through the menu, I noticed it was way over-priced.  Cabo Wabo has a good view of the strip so it's no surprise the prices are high, but the unnecessarily high prices will always knock off a star in my book.  We ordered appetizers, including chips, fajitas, quesadillas, and other sampler dishes for our party.  The food was actually very subpar - it seemed almost microwaved or cooked in a large batch.  If I were to spend a lot of money on food, I would want it cooked for me in particular, not just placed on my plate.If you want a drink, come to Cabo Wabo.  I even believe they have a solid Happy Hour during the week.  But if you are looking for a sit-down meal, I would look elsewhere.The food was okay. There was a lot of it. The place was clean, but the table situation was very crowded. And the music overhead was SO LOUD! I get it. It's a rock & roll place, but I should be able to hear my own conversation. The service wasn't bad, either.Fun to people watch along the Strip, but drink and food prices are high. Along with relatively high prices, at least compared to the bargains you can get in the Miracle Miles cafes, the service is poor.  We have gone in the afternoon before, and they were having a frozen drink special, offering blue margaritas (very sugary, out-of-the-machine variety), for only $5. In terms of food, the tacos are $15 for a small portion, so we opted for only chips and salsa. For the higher price, you do have make a trade-off in terms of being right outside, on the Strip, able to watch the craziness of the Las Vegas tourist scene, while sitting soaking up some sun.Okay, so the margaritas aren't great. The food isn't either. The music is mostly annoying, BUT the chips are really delicious. They're like the perfect thickness, warm, and salty. Just perfect. It's a good (unhealthy) snack when you're stuck near Planet Hollywood and need to burn some time.3.5-4 stars. The Good:

The Wings come with 4 pieces of "tangy hellfire blue cheese wings", (which tasted like regular buffalo wings with just a little hint of lime) and 4 Honey-wasabi wings (which was color green, and tasted sweet with an aromatic wasabi after-taste, we found it very delightful)

               Friendly serverCONS: Pretty bad attitude delivered by the 2 high school(?) girls at the door. We arrived at 5:20pm and we were a party of 2, with a really sour face they told us food would begin at 5:30pm so we needed to wait, we agreed to wait at the bar but to our surprise, the bar area was super full and there was no place to sit down so we went back outside (it was 5:25) to ask her if we could get a table and wait the remaining 5 mins sitting in the restaurant area, she said NO, food starts at 5:30...really? by now it was already 5:29!!!!

We also got some homemade almond butter and, maybe it's just a matter of personal taste, but neither of us liked it at all. It was near tasteless, a little gritty and completely impossible to spread on to bread. Definitely won't be doing that again. But like I said, we both really dig the pick-n-pay concept and the cider and donuts almost make up for us walking away with no vegetables. Depending on the time of year, this place is definitely worth checking out.This was my first time to Gilcrease Orchard- had a good time hunting for pumpkins with my boyfriend and acting like kids again. The staff was friendly, it was a fun place to roam around a see all the products in growth, they have a variety of items to choose from.I am such a city girl. I always wanted to kind of see what this is all about and I am glad I did, but it is not for me. That is not why I marked this place down though. When I went, they were not charging an entrance fee. They had a nice young lady handing out bags for picking fruits and vegs. Those things are definite bonuses. After we got our bags, I was sort of lost as to where to go. We wandered around until we saw the rows of veggies and people picking them. They have the prices for the produce posted before the rows.I just wish there was some additional guidance as to how to pick the item and what to look for. There were a lot of items that were pulled off the vine or uprooted that were not mature so were left laying around, which is such a waste. This is why I marked this place down. I love that Vegas has an option like this, but the lack of guidance is a turn off. So if you are going, be sure to have sunscreen and water. You should also consider bringing shears/knife, gardening gloves, and shoes you are not afraid to get dusty. Maybe you should also brush up on your gardening knowledge as well. The do have some already prepared items like peanut butter near the registers. I may make a trip here during apple season to see if they have some fresh apple cider.I had heard about this place from friends and so we decided to check it out on a Saturday. They are only open until 2 which I thought was kind of weird because it's October and a Saturday. It was super hot and we stood in line for the donuts, Apple cider, kettle corn, coffee, water, and Carmel apples for about 10-15 minutes. We tried the donuts, Apple cider and kettle corn which were all under 3 dollars. The donuts were AMAZING!!! You get 6 in one order and they are served fresh out of the fryer and doused with a small dollop of icing, so good! The Apple cider and kettle corn was good but not anything special. We then rode the free hay ride over the to vegetable/pumpkin patch. The vegetables were very picked over and either done for the season or not ready yet. We ended up picking a very small amount of beets and green beans. The beets were tiny.  The pumkin patch was also not great, super picked over and a lot of the pumpkins were rotting and gross. All in all I would go for the donuts and that's about it but it is a long drive from where we are in the southwest clear up north.Really love visiting this place each year. Visited on a weekday and it was still busy! That was nice to see, love seeing locally grown. Walked around for about 20 minutes until I found my pumpkin ($2.50). Picked up 2 caramel apples and paid $8.50. If you are looking for a lot of fruit and veggie picking, this wasn't the right time (End of October). Saw some tiny tomatoes and a few sweet potatoes but mostly pumpkins! We also had to visit the food stand and get the mini donuts and apple butter. So delicious, hot and fluffy! I know it's fall when it is time to visit the orchard!Seems like a nice place. Glad there's farm action in Nevada - however, when on a field trip with my child, I was disappointed to find they didn't have any of their famous donuts or apple cider.Cmon, you know there is going to be a large group worth impressing and you are not prepared? Left with a pumpkin and a couple of pictures.Can't speak for the wonderful produce they brah about as there wasn't any available.Will go back in the spring and see if it's any better.I want to say nothing but good things about this place, because Dr. Nina is so wonderfully kind and patient. The first time I took my daughter, they got me in the same week, I loved Dr. Nina, and I thought the office staff was phenomenal. The second time, the office seemed a little strained. Dr. Nina was still amazing, but the ladies in reception just weren't as engaging as they had been. I figured it was just a bad day.This week I noticed a chunk of my two year olds tooth was missing. My daughter has an issue that had caused the enamel on her molars to be very weak, so I check her teeth often. It wasn't like that a week prior, so the cavity was clearly moving pretty fast. This warranted a trip to the dentist because a cavity in a two year old isn't good, particularly when that two year old has weak enamel. I called, explained the situation, and asked for an appointment either this week or next. The lady offered me an appointment on Thursday, which happened to be the one day I couldn't do. She then told me that Dr. Nina was completely booked, and Thursday was my only option. So I call my husband and we try to make Thursday work, but it won't. He then decides to call and see if he can do anything. Again, our options were either Thursday or mid-August, and they would treat this appointment like it was a check up (even though it wasn't) and bill it to our insurance like that. They absolutely were not helpful at all. I've never, ever been to a dentist that wouldn't get a patient in when that patient really needed to see them.Thankfully, a friend had her dentist get us in, and he referred us to another pediatric dentist who was more than willing to see us within a reasonable amount of time. I'm very disappointed, because I like Dr. Nina, and I doubt the behavior of her staff has much to do with her. However, we can't continue to go to a place that won't see my daughter when it's urgent.If you need relatively  low buck, all inclusive temporary housing and are not familiar with Las Vegas, you might end up here. When I first moved to Las Vegas I knew nothing about the city. I needed a cheap place to stay, close to an Interstate, close to cheap casino buffets, and The Suites on Boulder Highway fit the bill. That being said, this place is a little rough. I put that sentence out there for additional emphasis. Yeah, I stayed here in 400 square feet with my family until we could do something better. But for the $175 a week we paid (price changes so call to verify), with cable included and internet service for a dirt cheap additional amount it worked well. The units have a small kitchen area with a fridge, stove, and microwave and a very small table. They also have a couch that folds out into a very uncomfortable bed. And the main bed is nothing special...but not uncomfortable either. And yes for $100 more sometimes you can get a 2 Bedroom unit! On the darker side of things parking could get interesting, Boulder Highway has some very unique characters that walk along it, and yes, I became familiar with the Las Vegas Metro gang and drug officers as they patrolled the complex. But truth be told I didn't have any problems here. And I didn't see any drug use or drug selling either. Management can be hot or cold and sometimes they have a serious attitude. But considering the wide range of clientele they see, it's also understandable. Overall if hard times come your way and you need a place to go, The Suites, the ones with the huge sign out front just up from the corner of Flamingo and Boulder Highway may be what you need. Just secure your car, be prepared to use Clorox wipes and disinfect the place, keep your expectations kinda lower and you'll be fine. One caution: This property works very closely with LVMPD. If you move in, you sign a form that gets faxed to Metro. Metro WILL run your name for warrants. If they get a hit, they will send someone out to investigate. I had no worries as with family in law enforcement I keep out of trouble so they can chase after higher aspirations. But I saw someone move in that got arrested shortly thereafter. So I know they check and do warrant sweeps here. If you have an active warrant, look elsewhere.When we rolled into Las Vegas (from Seattle) 8 months ago, we thought we'd move right into a rental or buy one of the thousands of cheap houses on the market with the money we'd be receiving from my husband's transfer (government position) Instead, we had 4 months of white-knuckled adventure as the govt. kept him active, but did not keep him employed. No benefits, no income, no severance, no...well, you get the picture.With everything we owned in a tiny U-haul storage facility (see my review of them - they were positively amazing!), we figured at first we'd hole up in the Super 8 next door with our Golden Retriever and three cats. It was only going to be for a few days, right? (We were so naive as to believe that, any day, the govt. would come through - ha!) After a week, we realized this wouldn't work for us, so what does one do when faced with - quite literally - homelessness with an entire furry family?I did what anyone would do, I took my dog for a walk and talked to the hardworking illegals that hang out front of the U-haul. They have survived quite a bit, so I figured they would know what to do.And, one of them did. He said his wife and he went through the same kind of thing and found that they saved money by living in an extended stay for a few months until they got back on their feet. He pointed down the street, and there were the Suites on Flamingo. The sign nearly rivals that of Sam's Town's.They are pet friendly, a little off the beaten path - which is good - and have a large pool and park-like setting in the middle of the complex. With grass. My dog was thrilled.For reasons I still cannot fathom, we ended up in a single unit on the third floor. That's 32 steps. 64, round trip. Gives you lots of time for refection after grocery shopping. We were assured that we were in the "nice" part of the complex (by the lady who checked us in and by the maintenance guy that we met on the way up.) It was relatively quiet, too. We were on the end above the laundry, so no one above us and no one on our left side - just right and back. Except for one completely deaf (we assume) neighbor who shared his TV with us (through the floor), it really was kind of quiet. The bad:

Will sit a table fairly late (almost 11pm on a Friday night).

Cons:

Anne Boleyn Hot Tea & Herbs: really smooth and flavorful, served in a cute teapot

Shrimp Fried Rice - Bland and dry.

The cheese cake wasn't bad at all, we got the rasberry topping on it.The first time I went to Brentwood, I loved it!  The prices are reasonable, the food is amazing (totally recommend the pizza) and they allow pets on the outside terrace while you eat.The second time I went to Brentwood, the food was just ok and the service was subpar, but that's hardly a reason to stop going, in my book.The third time I went to Brentwood, I ordered an appetizer of Mozzarella Sticks to share with the person I was with.  After a very long wait, they finally came out, completely overdone and only a shell of fried batter.  Nobody's perfect, so I flagged the waiter, pointed out the food and asked to take them away and not to worry about bringing a replacement.  His response?  "Do I have to take this off your check?"  I just about walked out at that moment.  Excuse me?  Do you have to take something that I didn't eat off of my bill?!  Common sense, please.I have yet to go back.Food is great!!!   They do however need more servers!!!  We waited long to order, get food and finally eat, then longer for the bill.I've been to this place 3 times and it wasn't until the last time that I finally enjoyed my visit.I've been there for breakfast, the food was ok, it wasn't anything special or that you couldn't get at any number of places. The service was horrendous! I had to find someone to seat us. We were the only 2 people in the entire place (including the bar)I've been there for lunch (in the bar), once again service was not good everything took much longer than it should for a place that at it's busiest while we were there at 10 people. We got a lot of "I'll be right back's" and they never were. We left to do the rest of our drinking some place that would treat us better when they took our money.Finally I went for dinner and the experience was much better. The guy who waited on us Casey (?) was great. A little overwhelmed at time but he seemed to be the only one there and the place was actually fairly busy (for once). The food was great and he made sure we understood what we were getting. If the service was like that everytime we went in I know we would go back quite often.The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is nice, I guess they have a couple of fire places outside which I hope to take advantage of next time we go!EDIT:4/10/14

The service was friendly, and very boobalicious.Oh, there's was also a very fit, attractive male also.Vegas must grow em on trees or something.Good looking people, not hot guys. What?The bottom line is, if everything else is crowded and you're so hungry you could eat a dead rat off a sewer grate, then try this joint.Otherwise, earl of sandwich is right around the corner.My girlfriend and I met my dad here for a little Cinco de Mayo treat while we were visiting for the week. We had Gustavo as a server....he was pretty bad. He was either overwhelmed or distracted b/c he only checked on us a few times, and we ended up drinking somewhere else b/c of how bad he was. We were ready to spend a bunch of money on margaritas, but his service left us w/ a bad taste in our mouth. The hostess...on the other hand (not sure what her name was, but she had dark hair & was pretty cute) did a GREAT job. She was very welcoming, professional, and friendly. Plus, anytime were called her over (which was a few times) she took care of us immediately  with drinks, water, etc. Food was pretty good. They make the guac in front of you (I'm always a fan of that). My dad got enchiladas (not sure which ones). He said they were just okay. He mentioned a few times that the enchiladas and the black beans were missing something. My GF and I had some tacos. I had the Shrimp ones (Shrimp Baja  perhaps?), and they were pretty good. The shrimp was a different flavor than I had expected, but different in a good way!The location wasn't bad, and the "ambiance" was pretty good. It was a little on the darker side (not like Darth Vader dark, but with minimal lighting LOL).I know it is Vegas, and every drink is $15+, but I would have appreciated a bigger margarita glass. The ones we were served was not impressive for the amount. Overall, the flavors for the margs were pretty damn good.Came here for a drink before going about our business.  Their mango margarita was tasty.  Can't comment on food, but there were quite a few people after the lunch rush that were chowing down.The bartender was really nice and was the only one handling the fort.If the portions were a little bigger or the prices were a little lower it would get 4 stars. The street tacos are very good. The cilantro rice is really good just not enough of it. The regular Mexican rice was tasteless and bland. The workers were pretty friendly. There just simply wasn't enough good too warrant 14$ for a plate that had barely any rice on it.I ate here primarily because A. I stayed in this hotel and B. they had televisions for the World Cup. I ordered their sangria which was tasty. I had the tostada which was just fine. The ambiance is decent enough for a Vegas eatery. I'd go back.After finding out it would be a 2 hour wait at Gordon Ramday BurGR, we decided to hang out inside YOLOS (they had no wait) for drinks and appetizers. I was first impressed by the large, long booth we were sat at. That quickly changed when the people at our table kept kicking each other. There was no room under the table for us to sit comfortably. Our server was quick to take our drink order and gave us plenty of time to look over the menu. We ordered a "Quesadilla" priced at $10 and "Empanadas" priced at $10 for our snackage. The quesadilla had jack cheese, onions and peppers inside. It also came with a side of salsa, sour cream and guacamole. The quesadilla was good, but average. If you want beef, chicken or shrimp in it then it will cost you $4-$5 more. The empanadas were well liked by hubby and I. They were stuffed with chorizo and had a green chile avocado salsa underneath them. The only complaint I have about that dish is the size of it. They put enough of the green chile avocado salsa on the plate so why not add just 1 more empanada to make it an even 4? If this were a cocktail party I could understand the small bites and portions, but this wasn't the case. With 4 people at our table it was awkward so hubby and I just ended up splitting one of them. The margarita did taste decent! They have lunch specials during the week that right now start at $9.95 and a Happy Hour at the bar as well. Also beware about the music inside this place. it's very loud and it's hard to have a conversation with the people sitting right at your table.What happened to the amazing salsa they were famous for????  Everytime we're in Vegas we make sure to have dinner there, but not anymore.  Their salsa and food have lost the flavor we loved so much.I would normally guve Yolos a 5 for great Mexican food, but the salsa is so bland since they changed it!  Beer selection is good.  Enchiladas are good - but someone needs to taste that salsa!!  No kick at all!  Come on Yolos!  Bring it back!!Stopped and had lunch here with our kids on Thanksgiving day... The place was fairly empty. But it was a cute little place. Our server was really quiet nice and on top of everything. Very friendly and efficient.Our food on the other hand, was much different... I was very disappointed, especially the cost of what little we received.My son wanted the steak nachos... However the menu doesn't tell you that what you get is 5-6 tortilla chips with a single piece of steak, jalepeno, and cheese on them and that's your "nachos"...  My son was not impressed and was still hungry... I shared my mediocre taquitos with him.The tortilla soup was less than impressive and was fairly watery. Lots of money for sub par food. Not worth it in our books to return.It was just ok! I liken it to Chevy's or Chili's but way more expensive. Save your $$Margaritas are pricey but good. They let you pick your tequila which is nice if you know what you're wanting. Blue corn coconut shrimp appetizer was super. Only four but that's to be expected. The Drunken chicken nachos were HOT. I like hot but this was lips on fire hot and there's nothing telling you that when you order so my sis couldn't eat them. The chicken was kind of soupy so it made the chips mushy which I don't like. Also, the chips were bottom of the bag, small pieces. I've never had that even in the cheapest dives. Makes me suspect that all those fancy tequilas they're offering are probably one cheap, bottom of the barrel brand.Reasonably priced for Vegas. The food was descent. Nothing exceptional.  There are lots of great Mexican places around. If I go again I will stick to pork beef of chicken. The fish was not that great. Too over cooked. Nice service. It's right inside the casino at ph.This was our first place to go for food when we arrived in Vegas on Saturday night. It came as a recommendation from a coworker and we figured we'd check it out.The Mexican food itself is decent and the prices are reasonable given how fancy the place looks. We ordered tacos and enchiladas, which came with sides of beans and rice. We weren't disappointed in our food at all but I guess we were hoping for something that would blow us away. Or maybe we're just spoiled by awesome quality Mexican food we can get back home?The winners of the evening though were the margaritas. My partner ordered a classic and I picked out the watermelon. I was actually shocked that my drink came out refreshing and smooth tasting! I was expecting an overly sweet, super intense watermelon "juice" flavour that I've experienced in mixed drinks before, but this was very light and smooth and everything I've ever wanted in a drink that involves this fruit.My suggestion would be to come here for some drinks and maybe a snack or appetizer. Or have many drinks. The tequila menu is kind of mind-blowing.Was pleasantly surprised at the food here, seeing the place otherwise seems about as authentic as...well, as anything else in Vegas I guess.Shared the fajitas which came on a sizzle plate with all the sides for us to build ourselves and the meat was nice and tasty, and the sides plentiful. Staff were nice enough, prices reasonable, and all in all not a bad place to stop for a quick bite on the strip.Welcome to the ONLY Mexican restaurant that does not give you chips and salsa. Who the F does that??? Food was good, Small portions. Service was also good. Wait staff was very friendly.Cool little spot. Nice ambience. The food is ok. One friend ordered the chile relleano and sent it back. She said it was dry. The other two friends ordered the taco trio. Both said fish taco was dry, but the shrimp and carnitas was good. I ordered the drunken chicken nachos. Excellent flavor, but a little skimpy on the chicken for $14. The highlight of the night was the flan! Very good. Music is on point! Friendly service and fast. Almost a little too fast. Made me wonder if the food was just sitting there.A week after my visit I was contacted personally by the manager of this branch. She called me on the phone and apologized for my having gotten sick and assured me that she would personally coach her team to ensure that this wouldn't happen to anyone else. She was sincere, professional, and kind and I appreciate that more than anything. I honestly would visit again now knowing how seriously she took this issue of allergies. The fact that she took time out of her busy day to contact me, refund my bill and assure me her team would be coached speaks volumes. I'm so happy that one day I can return and know I will be able to eat without worrying about getting sick! Thank you StaciSat at the bar and had great service. The food all lacked flavor which is disappointing bc you expect so much flavor at a Mexican restaurant. We had shrimp fajitas and the shrimp were cooked perfectly but it needed some spice and/or seasoning. Same with the guacamole, no flavor. Good salsa and chips though.Simple mexican food at its Vegas best...best at overcharging simple dishes.We ordered the guacamole fresca and chicken street tacos.Now the guacamole will be made right in front of you fresh, the server will bring out the ingredients in a mixing stone which already has fresh lime juice in it.

They changed their head chef awhile ago.  Not a big fan of the new ways of making the rolls and sushi.They still have a GREAT happy hour as far as the food prices go, but the food has gone downhill. Crunchy California roll is still good.

1. Dessert is not included.  (Random tidbit: Goyemon includes dessert in their AYCE).

Green plates are $1.50I always prefer to come during peak times as that's when they are making the sushi and that's when the sushi is fresh.  For example, I just went at 8:30pm and it was slow.  This meant that I had to request certain rolls as they were not being made and my pot stickers were literally cold as they must have going around for a while.  I then had to wait 10 minutes to flag someone down so they can warm them up and all they do is simply re-fry them & as you can expect they are not the best once they have been fried twice.Yes I'm going to continue to come here, yes the service is still going to be poor but that's not the point of this place.  It's cheap sushi fast, what else can you ask for.Return factor- 100%Really cool concept! EXTREMELY CHEAP FOOD! For the price of $1-$2 per plate you can't beat it! Ido wish the sushi was colder tho. And the service was unattentive & slowErrrrrrrmmm....If you're open 24 hours, you should have consistent service all 24 hours, right?I work nights and was driving through around 1am on a weeknight. It took an average amount of time, but by the time I drove the remaining 10 miles home, my food was cold. Was it because the cheese inside my cheese enchiladas wasn't even melted? Yes, yes it was. I'm sure I'll try again since it's 24 hours and sometimes you just gotta have Roberto's in the middle of the night, but on first experience, it wasn't so great.I love the Menudo here! I get random cravings for it on the weekends. The problem about this place is The menudo is the best thing here. The burritos and tacos are very average. Its good for late night hung over food but that's about it.  It also upsets me that there is a service charge for using a debit card, whats up with that?Lets start with the friendly staff. The woman who took my order was running the drive through along with the main register. She did quite well and was very friendly even when some drunks spilled their soda on the condiment bar. With exception of the customer created mess the restaurant was clean. The food was mad quick and was ok. Some of the Steak in my Steak Fries was cold and their steak is pre-cooked. The Bean an Cheese Burrito was ok. I was satisfied with the meal for the price. I gave it 3 stars, because the Fort Apache and Tropicana Roberto's makes is a a lot better with the quality of food.I love their California Burritos.  Reason for the 3 stars?  Something funny, I think the cheese they use at this Roberto's taste different than the other's I've been to.  Also the the french fries they put in the burrito is consistently undercooked.  Other Roberto's restaurants seem to cook them better.  Tip:  If you want to try a similar taco shop, try Faustos.  There's one up on College and Horizon next to Panda Expres.  Their CA burrito has carne asada, rice, guac, sour cream, and cheese... pretty good!  And their carnes asada fries are awesome!Roberto's on Boulder is very good 'cheap' food.  For those of you that have never been to a Roberto's, don't expect dim lighting and fresh flowers...it's a fast-food Mexican joint for Pete's sake! :) I don't recommend being in a rush if going through the drive-thru...it should really be classified as "semi-fast food"...lol.

Overall, it was a fair stay, however I think it was overpriced for what I got. And prior to my arrival, I was told my room was going to be a different price than what they charged me.Anyways, I LOVED the pool/pool bar. If you just like to have fun, this is a suggested hotel. If you're looking for somewhere quiet and serene, probably not your cup of tea. But I probably will stay here again in the near future.Strange little hotel tucked in a weird part of Old Town Scottsdale, I guess this place has been through multiple owners and never seems to be able to be successful.  It's old and has been fixed up to be "retro cool".  However, it's not attractive to me....it doesn't make me want to come hang out here.I like to come here because when I go to restaurants in the area, their parking is convenient.  Also, it's easy parking to find during Spring Training games.....but you have to pay $5, which is worth it.I would've probably rated them 4 Stars, but they closed the Whiskey Bar/Lounge in the lobby....which had awesome Pickles and bar food.  I've attended networking mixers and group functions in their pool courtyard and it was average....felt like I was in a throwback to the 1970's.The service here (Valet, Front Desk, Concierge, F&B staff) is above average and friendly.  Too bad the building is so weird and uninviting.Return Factor - 50%04/03/13Spotted a "Massage and Mojito" Groupon at The Saguaro and took this opportunity to check the spa grounds.  Made the reservations via phone with Josh a week before and arrived around a half-hour before to check out the pool and perhaps read a little on one of the lounge beds.  The pool** was long, narrow, and rectangular, with a net at one end and busy with guests- couples and families, and not many singles, if at all.  There were many lounge beds, but those that weren't taken were either dirty, or barren of towels or pillows, so I sat at one of the picnic tables, instead.  It was only around 10 to 15 minutes' of reading did I look up and notice that the vacant beds now had clean towels on them for guests to use.Checked in with Josh at 3:15 pm and was asked if I wanted to use the restroom and something to drink.  The restrooms were in the hallway separating the spa and the pool area.  Understandably, the restroom lacked the relaxing ambience of a spa and felt very utilitarian and impersonal- it felt like I was at a picnic or rest station area, albeit well-stocked with napkins and cloth-lined trash bins.  Back at the spa... the "lobby" was tiny, with only three chairs for waiting guests.  Wasn't able to study the products that lined a few shelves, but did find it amusing that thong slippers were on sale for $30 and up!  My therapist, Mary, was prompt and came out to meet me at 3:30 pm to show me to a room.  I asked her what kind of products would she be using on me, as I am sensitive to a few ingredients and found out that the spa is currently using an orange blossom-based lotion and oil.  I told her I was allergic to orange oils, but was told, after she checked with another person, that orange blossom was different from orange oil, so I decided to try it.  (While I did not break out at the patch test before the massage took place, which didn't allow enough time anyway, I did start itching while dining at Distrito afterwards.)  I had thought ahead and brought a bottle of Aura Cacia's Heart Song for Mary to use in case I couldn't use the products here, but the spa did not have suitable carrier oils for me, and when I told her that my former therapist used it only in the beginning anyway, to induce relaxation faster by warming the oil with her hands and asking me to breathe in, she was eager to try it herself.  I was afraid I'd lose the time it took to check and double-check for substitutes, but Mary provided extra time to allow me a whole hour's massage- much appreciated, Mary!The room's ambience was comforting and inviting, nicely-lit, and the mood music was lovely.  I enjoyed the massage, but after years' worth of weekly 90-minute massages, an hour just wasn't enough.  (Ha!  There was no going back to an hour's massage after my first 90-minute!)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-saguaro-scottsdale-4?select=PGqqHOWG9a5x2WQoSKRzHA#PGqqHOWG9a5x2WQoSKRzHA

Plus they allow people to smoke cigars which is incredibly annoying and grosses you out.The food was good.  The ambiance, the wine, the staff were all first rate.  Definitely a nice date place.   Went last night and the waitress did something which has actually never happened to me before in my life - got my entree order completely wrong.  I ordered the spaghetti with white clam sauce, my wife ordered the seafood ravioli.  She had a salad, I had the special appetizer, which was prosciutto with mozzarella (forgive my spelling).  The salad and prosciutto were very good, but not the best.  Then the entree's came out.  My wife's seafood ravioli was supposed to be filled with shrimp and crab meat, but definitely had a fishy aftertaste to it which I would never associate with either of those two shellfish.  We would give that a C.  But what was placed before me was ziti with grilled chicken.  The waitress handled the error with aplomb and the right amount of "trying to make it right".  I tasted the dish, and I have to say I give it a B+, and didn't want to wait for them to prepare what I had actually ordered.The espresso and capuccino were both very good.Lasagna entree - $15

person 2-Grilled chicken salad-5

Ordered a $22 beef burger with bacon that was ok tasting unfortunately the bottom of my bun was burnt. My girlfriend got a cesars salad, she said it was good. Overall this was not the best burger I've eaten especially paying $22 for a burger with bacon. Would have expected way better food especially since is has chef's Ramsey's name on it.'Semi' Enjoyed a dinner at Gordon's pub but various issues kept it from earning more than 3 stars Sunday Oct 4. First, the hostess, trained yes, competent, not really. Poorly handled phone res and directions. As locals we hadn't been here and hosted my brother and friend, party of 4 plus child. The waiter was nice, simple in his approach, friendly, etc. but I hate it when the have deliver/expediter servers that come and drop off food without really knowing who has what, no sense for service, unfriendly and unengaging and close to being rude. Both food delivery people-a guy for our apps and a lady for the salads were basically rude. Uninterested in serving, embarrassing for the fact that the restaurant was barely busy. I feel

2. Can we get rid of the street "performers" , panhandlers, vagrants, and general nutjobs? Their presence makes a lot of people very uncomfortable. We're there to see real show, not a sideshow.Long running and still standing fountain show.  Streams of high powered dancing water cannons shoot and sway in the air.  Timed to classical, vintage Vegas and patriotic music the spectacle can be seen from the strip directly in front of Bellagio or viewed on the street or from the valet fountain viewing areas.  Whenever you're done blowing the kids college funds on the 1 armed bandits or blowing your wad at the strip clubs, it's nice to get something for free right?Am I missing something?? I know that his is a hallmark, landmark, staple, vital part of being in Las Vegas, nearly everyone on planet Earth that I have encountered had reminded me of this. It was free and it was cool. However, I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this was over-hyped. NOW we did see the 7pm show which might play a factor...but my friend and I were not impressed...I think when it is fully dark it is probably much better, and I heard that the show is better as the night goes on which is actually ridiculous. But ours was a puny, ten minute show or fountains shooting up to some classical music. I liked the crowd it drew, the sense of wonder on people's faces as they watched, and it was definitely beautiful with the Bellagio in the background. But, it left me mostly unimpressed and underwhelmed. Dont feel like I would have missed much if I skipped it. BUT if someone asked me to go watch it, I would not object. Cool, free way to kill some time.I went to see the Kabuki show last night because they were doing this for only a few

This hotel is on a street that is being torn up for extension of the light rail and can be difficult to reach at certain times.  The neighborhood is older and not in the best of shape, but we had no problems.  For the price - $141.00 for three nights - I would stay again.Thai Basil recently replaced what was Thai Pan. That explains why when we called in our "take-out" order to Thai Pan, the lady taking the order didn't know what we were talking about when we ordered the dishes by name.  It took a long time to order b/c she couldn't figure out what we wanted. Don't you think she'd tell us that the menu changed and the place is now Thai Basil?  Unless she said Thai Basil when she answered the phone. At any rate, we didn't know that the place changed hands until we got there.

3.) It has a volleyball court. Something to consider if they ever do a dirty sports themed night.

Le service est pas folichon.

Most of it was modern art, which I am not a fan of.  I'm sorry, two overlapping squares of different shades of green is not art.  Furniture that can be seen in last year's Ikea catalog is not art!Even the real art, like Monet, were all pretty small collections and definitely not some of the more famous or better pieces of work.  I hate giving only three stars to a museum, especially a free one, but I definitely wouldn't come back to this one unless they completely changed their exhibits.J'ai été au musée des beaux arts pour l'exposition sur l'impressionnisme et franchement j'ai été déçu. En effet il y avait certes une grande quantité d'œuvre mais elles étaient toutes tassées dans 3 salles. Il y avait tellement de monde dans si peu d'espace que l'on ne peut pas vraiment profiter de l'exposition. Le musée quand à lui est vraiment sympa car moderne et ancien à la fois, par contre en entrant d'un coté il vous faudra ne pas vous perdre dans les couloirs pour rejoindre votre exposition. En tout cas bon accueil lieu joli, photo autorisé (sans flash) et vestiaire gratuit.I usually love art museums and can spend all day within them, but this one just didn't keep my attention as long as I hoped it would. While it's great that it's free admission and that it has artifacts from Napoleon (his death mask, hat, and shirt), there's way too much modern art junk for my taste (a big wooden grenade and a dirty ATV that was shot with arrows, seriously??). It'll take you a good two hours to walk through the whole museum and if you have free time on an afternoon, I'd say check it out, but don't expect too much.I mean, I'm an art lover, so I love checking out the different art in different cities. This was pretty basic, with a combination of a few, small pieces from the late 1800s - early 1900s, but more famous artists and a large selection of more modern art, some of which was interesting. The First Nation's art collection was surprisingly small and not much stood out to me as being really breathtaking. But honestly, I feel that way about the AGO and the National Gallery in Ottawa, unless they are having a special exhibit, so you know...hey, that's Canadian galleries I guess...especially after you get spoiled looking in the galleries in London, Paris and Rome! It is what it is!That said, it's still worth checking out if you like art...and maybe even if you don't, because it is FREE baby!Always interesting things to see at Musee des Beaux Arts de Montreal. 2 huge pavilions spanning Sherbrooke St. with a variety of art (and art forms) for all tastes. The problem is that IT IS NO LONGER FREE to access the permanent collection, unless you're under 30 years old. Bizarre. Those of us who are born too long ago have to pay to get in now. Be sure to check the site before going.. Recent change.I will change this review the MINUTE, I'm telling you, the minute that I see an exhibit here I get really psyched about. So far, everything has been so-so.(Argh, I feel like such a jerk. Please go see art anyway! It's good for you! Support the arts!)I find the main exhibition space claustrophobic, even when there is not a crowd. It is very closed and dim. When there is a crowd, you will barely be able to breathe. Plan accordingly. This museum does not deal with crowds. Nothing about the infrastructure is crowd friendly. It's an old building, what can you do?The curators have a (very French) tendency to write many tiny paragraphs of information next to each painting. I, being American and therefore dumb and uncultured, enjoy a few solid, interesting facts, printed legibly. Even the larger explanations of a group of paintings tend to be lackluster. With both of the exhibits I've attended, I have found myself constantly squinting, and also sort of scratching my head, trying to assemble many bits of information thrown together without narrative.The permanent collection is fine, and definitely worth a peek if you're in town. The buildings themselves are beautiful. The choice of exhibits tends toward the regional but it would not otherwise be a Quebec institution.There is a cafe and a bookstore, and after your visit, definitely take a stroll up and down Sherbrooke as you'll be right in the Gallery district.My take? A worthwhile part of your whole arts experience in Montreal/Quebec, but I wouldn't plan a whole day around it unless a particular exhibit strikes your fancy.What a fun museum to explore, however, it seemed misleadingly large. The main building connects to two other buildings across the street via an underground walkway. I thought there was going to be a lot to explore but each section of the building wasn't that large (I think I'm spoiled by the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NYC). My boyfriend and I saw the entire museum in only a few hours. It was definitely a fun time, however, and I would definitely come back.Another hotel that is connected to the Underground. It's right on top of a Via Rail stop if you want to take a train to Toronto. The Metro is a block away underground.Went here for a romantic birthday stay a couple of years ago. Everything is very romantic here. I have some very amusing memories of my girlfriend encountering her first bidet. She cranked it up full blast and ran screaming from the bathroom when the little fountain meant for delicate bits reached the ceiling.Under other circumstances, they probably would have gotten 5 stars. However, all the service people (maids, food service, valet) were all on strike. That meant that the restaurant and tea lounge were not open at all. The pool was not open. The breakfast buffet was ok, but again, because it was understaffed, lots of containers of food were empty (especially the fruit bowls and bread, croissants etc). They also did not refresh towels or soaps etc. They had a table by the elevator where you had to get your own towels. They did make the bed and take the trash, but that was it. I think they should have given some sort of discount during this time because when you go to a hotel, especially a really nice one, you expect certain things. Despite the strike and limited services, it was ok.We were in town for the Jazz festival.  QE is a central location for McGill University or other events for downtown area.  Walking distance to Old Montreal but subway accessible as well.  It is connected to the underground shopping area, but I wasn't able to explore the underground mall.We sprung for the Gold upgrade and it was worth it for the breakfast, canapes and unlimited perriers, bottled water, or sodas.  The other food presentations were light desserts or fresh fruits (apples, oranges, pears).  The extra benefit with Gold is during Sunday checkout.  The Gold concierge can check you out and no need to wait in line with the others in the main lobby.  The bathrooms are on the smaller side, but clean and modern.  The king bed was on a very high wooden frame.  If you're not mindful, you could hurt yourself on the frame and it's not ideal for the vertically challenged.Parking is valet with in and out privileges $26/day, worth it for the convenience.  But checking out on a Sunday, the line can get quite long but we didn't wait for more than 20 min all in all.  Meters are in effect until 9pm.average to below average for a fairmont.Stayed here this week for work for a conference.  Was here 4 years ago as well!  Rooms are small and bathrooms even smaller ( I was in a standard King room).  We had food catered all week and the breakfasts were horrible (cold very few fresh selections), lunches were good and our gala evening dinner was excellent.  Today I asked for a late checkout as I had to present at 2 PM and was denied anything later.  I understand that this is the norm but no flexibility provided whatsoever.  I'm a member of many other hotel points programs and have status at other hotels and with my status I can get late checkouts.  Alas with Fairmont I'm a nobody so that's how I was treated when asked!  Location is great but there is lots of selection for downtown hotels in this price range and area!  Benefit of this hotel is it is connected to underground mall and train station with Place Ville-Marie.  Downside is it makes a good warm home for some homeless people in the underground as I saw last night!  Hotel was very busy with lots of different functions going on this week.  Experience was okay, nothing wow great, nothing extremely bad!I love the Fairmont chain - I think it's great that they're snatching up alot of the world's historic hotels and making them into gems.  I recently stayed at the Fairmont in Shanghai and had the most amazing hotel experience ever.  I had a buddy tell me the same about the Savoy in London.  Because of that, it's perplexing for me to rate the Fairmont in Montreal so low.  The problem isn't charm, or even the service for the most part - it's consistency.  I stay at the Queen Elizabeth about 2-3 times a year while I'm doing business in Montreal, and the first couple of times I came it was great: good / clean spacious rooms with excellent service, small touches awaiting me in the room.  The last couple of times have been anywhere from frustrating to plain horrible.  Most recently they messed up my room reservation, and I ended up knocking on someone else's room thinking it was mine - this went on for about 20 minutes at 11PM at night after a grueling turbulence filled flight.  Another time they had to move me to a smoker's floor due to another mix up (I don't smoke).One bright note however is that the room service menu is pretty decent.  I tend to work late, and their late night poutines are a god send.  Gotta love Montreal!The Queen Elizabeth in Montreal, Quebec, Canada - 3 stars: working my way through the old Canadian railway hotels - this was the third we visited of the two dozen or so ... this one now owned by the Fairmont Hotel chain. Have stayed here a number of times. Situated right over the train station in central Montreal, this is the prime location for all that you may want to visit in the city. Go downstairs where you connect to the Montreal Underground, a maze of walkways and tunnels connecting banks, stores, shopping centers, and an array of stores ... all safe from the weather. Neat health club and pool in the hotel. Ate at Le Montréalais with windows overlooking the Cathedral next door - pretty good food but I think we hit them on an off day ... the food didn't match the pomp. Eat at The Beaver Club, where it does match - wonderful foie gras and other local products of Quebec ... 5-star eating at 5-star prices, but worth the visit.Stayed here for two months for work. I got to know the place pretty well.I have to say, the prime attraction of this place is the location at PVM.But other than that, it's just another hotel to me. Nothing special.I'd rather Air BNB to be honest with you for a period that long.Introduction.I had to stay in Montreal this past weekend for a wedding and because I was coming by train, I thought staying at the Fairmont would be the most convenient. What I noticed was that were no obvious signs to the hotel once in the train station, and I had to ask a security guard to lead me down a long hallway to the elevators. Note to whoever is responsible...there should be better signage to the Fairmont (there are so many exits within the train station that you can take!)Check In.Because I arrived at around 9:40pm, it was quiet. There was no one manning any of the check-in kiosks, let alone the President's Club desk, but a lady soon came as she was chatting to a colleague. I liked how she asked right away if I would be requiring exercise gear and I said yes. When I was in my room, I got my work-out clothes (new socks, t-shirt, pants, and gym shoes) promptly delivered. Smooth check-in.Room 1256.The room was old, and although the Royal York in Toronto is old...I don't know...something was off. The room is comfortable for sure and has basic amenities. There is a safe and mini-bar (the ones where as soon as you remove something you get charged).The bathroom was from the 80's and had green marbling all over. It was small. I wasn't so keen on the hairdryer as it was a dingy little thing (attached to the wall) and you had to turn the electricity or current on by first pushing a small button right on the outlet, than turn the hairdryer on. I first thought it was broken! Le Labo Rose products are available and I love anything Le Labo... There are two bathrobes provided, but no slippers!I also got a box of chocolate cookies (first night) and two big bottles of water each night. I really appreciated the water as it is something I always need to buy. I have a feeling this was because of my Platinum status, so it did feel nice to be "rewarded" for reaching that level. Also, I got free WIFI, shoe-shining service, Globe and Mail delivered every morning, and of course, the exercise kit.Noise Level.Couldn't hear anything. Occasional room banging, but nothing during the night. Slept great.Extras.On-site gym facility as well as a pool. The picture on the website makes it seem much larger than it really is (naturally...) and as an avid lane swimmer, I was disappointed at the 12m length. But, a pool is a pool.In the main reception area, there is free lemon-ice water which I thought was a nice touch. Plastic cups available as well.On-site spa and salon (Gibson).Concierge available (I didn't get to use this service).Luggage Room. This was my biggest disappointment. If you have already checked-out of your room but wanted to place your luggage with the hotel, it's $2/piece of anything, regardless of size. I don't remember the Royal York doing this in Toronto, but I hate when hotels feel the need to charge on such little things. This is one of the times where I wish being a Platinum member helps, but nope, you get charged regardless.Hotel accessible through train station, Centre Gare.Overall, I am glad I tried this Fairmont out, but I have to say it was nothing ordinary. Certainly, the Royal York is the much better Fairmont (IMO) compared to La Reine Elizabeth. But, the location and convenience can't be beat. It connects to the underground shops, and metro. At a rate of $139/night (I got a special code), I feel like I got exactly what I paid for. Nothing more.Our room looked tired. Definitely not a 4 star. Small bathroom with cracks in the the bathrooms tiles.We had our wedding at the Fairmont Hotel Vancouver and was completely blown away with the service and experience. It is of course why we decided to stay at the Queen Elizabeth while in Montreal a few weeks later. First off the location is great. In the heart of downtown and within walking distance of almost all attractions. The first morning the power went off and we weren't given much information as to why and how long we would have to wait for hot water and power. Despite calling down several times to the receptionist we were told they were instructed to turn the power off due to a gas leak near by. After showering we went downstairs and it seemed like it was a bit chaotic. In Vancouver we had amazing concierge team that literally knew the answers to every question we needed. We only had a few questions about how to get to certain places and our answers was simply this "You can get there by train, taxi or by walking"  To me that is crazy. They are obvious choices and the lady didn't really seem to care much about helping us but rather to point us in the direction of a map that was entirely in French. I hope this is just a one off! As a platinum member of Fairmont hotel I have come to expect a higher level of a customer experience.  This was more of a let down than a wow factor.Great location but expensive - rooms are ok, be sure to request a newer one.We stayed here as part of a tour group.  The location was good, the room was nice, the bed was comfortable, the pillows not.  The bathroom was okay, the sink was dated and chipped, the air conditioning never worked properly.  It wasn't a horrible experience, just so-so.Over the holidays front desk not staffed to face crowd. Same really comfortable beds but very dated bathrooms. Heard that renovations are in the work. It's a good thing as it can't justify 5 stars pricing in its current state. I personally wouldn't pay regular prices but really good deal on a corporate rate.Really wanted to fall in live with this historic hotel but it was rather shabby.    The lobby is in dire  need of an update.     Rooms are tiny with too much furniture crammed inside ( ended up putting the footstool for the chair on the windowsill). bathroom was ridiculously small.For the good.... Super comfy bed and pillows, ambiance and service in the bar was stellar.   Great locationWe are in room 879 on a great summer rate. We got one fabulous suite with a king bed and a queen sofa bed in separate

Truffle fries -- very good! But they really should allow diners to do "half and half" fries to try different kinds or they should make half-size orders...the server said they were "working on it," whatever that means.

Family and I always looking for a new place to try, and we never heard of Boston's. So we  checked this place out. Wifey had their bacon cheeseburger w/fries. Burger was cooked medium well, very delicious! I actually loved their fries? Daughter had this plate called trio something??? It had the samples of meat lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo, and chicken Parmesan. She like the plate very much, I am not a lasagna person, I had better chicken Parmesan, I did how ever liked the fettuccine. I order a well done pepperoni pizza. I loved the pepperoni, pizza sauce, and cheese. I was not that impressed with their crust! Over all we had a good time, we have had better! But yes we would come back if we were in the area.New Owners. Less happy hour deals in food.  So I tried fried pickle slices  fried banana pepprs for my 1st time.  They are served lightly  breaded with a Ranch Dip. Draft  pint glasses aren't chilled and the draft isn't very cold. I slipped a large chunk of ice in each pint I had.I met my 3 new bosses here for lunch today.  Two of us ordered the French Dip.  We chose this place because it is usually quiet and a good place to carry on a lunch conversation (they told me) but it was my first time there.  We asked for a quiet place to sit and the host noted that the music was quite loud and offered to turn it down without us asking.  The service was very friendly and the food was good, however, I was more interested in the conversation than the restaurant or food so that means it did end up being a good place for our intent...obviously, since we were not distracted by noise or bad service or bad food.I would return.This may be heresy but I felt like the food was just pretty good.  Certainly the chef is a down to earth , nice host.  The restaurant is small and in a nice location way in Cave Creek.  We drove from Chandler for this meal and had the tasting menu.  Some courses were very good and some fair (especially the Asian fusion stuff - seems to never work for me)  only.  We enjoyed the experience but it wasn't the best ever.  It's worth a try if you are nearby but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.Enjoyed an extremely tasteful meal here recently. However, was very disappointed in lack of attention by our main server - took food and drink order and never checked on us until time to bring out the check. Also disappointed we weren't given one of the menus with our Happy Anniversary wishes written at the top....have been told by others they got to take it home. Informed management of all the above on a follow up call...to no avail.I went to Blinkley's last night and found that it was a good experience.  The food was well thought out from the Sous Vide book recipes.  The chefs were creative.  As a very particular eater although, my waitress was not as patient as she needed to be looking for me to rush an order.I love the food and great wine selection of this place and the fact that it's close to my home.  I've had some issues with the service at times, but I will say that it was quite busy when the service wasn't up to par.  Despite that, it's worth returning to and supporting the local businesses!i took my niece ther today for lunch be prepared to part with some cash .I had the antipasta plate which was good,but i have had more creative antipasto elsewhere $16.00 came with olives,caper berries, marinated califlower, 2 meats and a cheese and several slices of toasted foccica  also had a bowl of butternut squash soup which was good $ 9.00 my niece had the muffolatta which look good as well. I also had a glass of wine our server was very pleasant but with a total of 6 people in the place 2 of those were us and i had to wait to get a second glass of wine even though she noticed my glass was empty as she walked by.This is a place I have wanting to try for years and we finally came last night for Restaurant Week.  The set menu consisted of a sweet pea vichyssoise, a lamb dish with spaetzle and squash and a strawberry soup for dessert.  They brought out a few little extras too, including the worlds smallest sloppy joe.  Really.  It was about the size of a penny.First off, I'm not a huge fan of molecular gastronomy.  I don't mind it at all, but it's not so,etching I seek out.  I generally don't get why one wouldn't just serve a blueberry instead of a small, squishy, blueberry flavored orb.  The first course, the sweet pea vichyssoise had a couple of croutons in the bottom of the bowl, a couple thin strips on smoked salmon and some salmon roe.  The waiter then used a whipped cream canister to squirt out our pea foam.  It had an interesting texture and tasted very nice.  Next we had the lamb main course.  I'm not a huge fan of lamb but I thought I would give it a try.  I enjoyed the wine braised lamb but the tenderloin was too "lamby" for my tastes.  I expected as much so no big deal.  The herbed spaetzle that came with it was delicious.  Unfortunately, there was only a small spoonful of braised lamb and maybe a spoonful or so of the spaetzle.  For dessert they brought out a bowl with a few pieces of fruit in it, poured over a strawberry juice then topped it off with liquid nitrogen.  Some of ours freezes into the sorbet they said it would, others just got a little colder but stayed soupy.  Regardless, it was delicious.  Everything really was delicious.  The taste wasn't the problem.Now, I don't know if you picked up on it, but the portions were tiny.  Incredibly tiny and I'm not one to normally complain about portion sizes.  The majority of my dinner usually comes home with me.  Binkley's seems like a perfect place for a multi course meal because the portion sizes they gave us reflected that.  With at least five courses, you probably wouldn't leave hungry.  With only three, we joked about stopping at Dairy Queen up the road, but really, we were only half joking.Ok.

the pool -- small, but clean and well-decorated. cozy seating

The wait time for food was so long. The upside to this is that you become full off of your small portions while waiting for the next ones. The downside is that the price per plate for amount of food is crazy. $17 for a piece of piglet that is the size of a deck of cards? While delicious, also a bit crazy.Meanwhile, the flavor combinations (to me) were not spectacular. A lot of different sauces and flavored went into the tapas but didn't come together; like the octopus. It was spiced and combined with oddly mealy beans and potatoes.The natas dessert was really delicious though - so flaky!The bathroom was strange; clean but full of products on the counters. A full bottle of mouthwash sounds like a nice idea but the whole bathroom smelled like toothpaste (not in a pleasant way). Oh well, clean is good, right?There were some dishes I enjoyed, but I would not recommend or return unless this was a fluke. To the average person, there is certainly not enough bang for your buck. Service needs improvement.Il y a effectivement une partie boucherie dans la Boucherie Champfleuri mais à vrai dire, j'aurai plutôt appelé ça une épicerie parce qu'il y aussi une partie fromagerie, une autre micro-brasserie, et une autre encore épices diverses. Leur réel plus selon moi, c'est d'offrir une gamme variée de produits français tel que des bonbons Haribo, des conserves St-Eloi ou encore des sauces Canton et à chaque fois dans une large sélection et à des prix compétitifs (bien moins chers qu'à La Vieille Europe par exemple). En tout cas maintenant je sais où je viendrais chercher mes Chamallows!This place has pretty good sushi!  Whats even better is that they let you bring your own wine.

I'm a fan of taking road trips to sightsee,

Possibly my favorite was the pork belly slow cooked in coconut juice, but the crispy egg rolls were also a winner.

- 1 Star / +1 Star - Decor.  Obviously this is place was put together with love and some discount paint as it's a bit like a yoga place as envisioned by just-outta-college types.  But that's part of the charm.

I ordered a lobster roll sandwich on a pretzel bun, and my husband went with the Smoked salmon Benedict. Maybe, I just ordered the wrong thing...I now see that most yelpers have not enjoyed their lobster sandwiches a lot, wish I had read the reviews earlier. Well, to their credit, the food did come out pretty fast. The smoked salmon benedict looked nice and my husband seemed to enjoy it. But the lobster sandwich was quite a disgrace. Did I mention that I love lobsters? I found it hard to believe that someone could go wrong with lobster rolls/sandwiches. All you need is some good lobster meat and bread, maybe a dollop of butter as an added bonus. The lobster meat itself wasn't probably bad in this sandwich, but you could hardly taste it because it was mixed with other things. And if you want to serve a lobster-slaw kind of filling instead of pure lobster meat, you should probably add some spices and seasoning to it, at least some salt for starters. The dry, over-toasted pretzel bun with no butter/cheese/mayo/mustard did not help either. The side of fresh fruit was probably the only redeeming feature of this meal.

Storyline (3)

French Toast- Bread pudding style with brioche, custard & apples. My teeth hurt right now just thinking about how sweet it was. It was gorgeous, but the portion was tiny.  It made me feel like a giant.

Love the samples available on certain days.  This is very fun and also causes me to spend a lot more.  Thanks Whole Foods.Outstanding bakery, deli with prepared foods and superb butcher selections with homemade sausage. The produce is also of the highest quality. This is a fun store and a little pricey.This is your typical WF. I was bribed to come here through a Yelp check in offer. Not a great one but when there are a lot of options for grocers in the area it makes a difference. The offer was for a free small tote and they only had a full size. Customer service was nice enough and they allowed me to have it. Their prices on meats are ridiculously higher compared to similar stores. Prices on non organic produce are also higher.WF has a few specialty products that some other stores of the similar line don't carry and that would be the only reason that I would go back.My go-to store for a host of specialty items. Pros: Variety, friendly staff, fresh goods.

I went here this past week with my husband, as a part of the Buffet of Buffets deal.

Overall I have definitely had noodle bowls better elsewhere and am not loving the fact that my sweater seems to be lingering Tin Tin right now.It's right downstairs from where I work but it's been forever since my last stop at this place. So, I stopped to get lunch there yesterday and now I recall why I don't stop by very often. My hibachi shrimp dish was bland, the shrimps were very tough instead of tender, the rice (I subbed for brown rice) was barely sprinkled with sauce - that greatly contributed to the bland factor, and the veggie helping was pretty paltry. It was bot very greasy, and that I appreciated. For around $8.50 it was a fair amount of food, but meh. Meeeeh...Do I feel like giving them another try? Not really. Maybe I'll give their soup a try. Very maybe.For a quick and tasty meal I come to tin tins. I usually come here once every few weeks and order the combination which is steak and shrimp. Overall for a $10 meal it's not too bad. Beware of the smell of the restaurant, if you work in uptown and wear dress clothes then you'll have to be careful or you'll come out smelling like a grill.I still think Aloha is really good and thorough, but I wasn't sure they were THAT much better than the rest to justify costing significantly more than every other place in town. The last time, I experienced some pretty sh*tty customer service choices that basically pushed me over to going elsewhere. I had to take my dog in for an exam before he was eligible for pet insurance. I had specifically asked if I would have to pay the $40 exam fee a 2nd time when I brought my dog in for shots a couple weeks later, and the guy on the phone (a receptionist or tech) said no it'll be applied to the bill so I would only have to pay for shots. Great. When I brought my dog in for routine shots and tests, I saw the total was $120 (yeah that's how expensive they are) including the $40 exam fee. When I asked about the charge, the very nice receptionist spoke to the doctor (not Dr. Jamie, it was another female doctor who's name I can't recall). She said the person on the phone was wrong, and too bad you'll just have to pay it again. I told them so you'd rather have a $40 fee than the $900+ I was about to spend on dentals for both my dogs - they said yes, and that's their (stupid) choice. If they had performed an actual service, I honestly would've understood, but an "exam" consists of merely listening to their heart w/ a stethescope and palpating (feeling) their stomach. It's a soft cost, and something that a lot of other vets don't even charge when you're already paying for shots. I paid $600 for both my dogs to get dentals and extractions at green valley animal hospital vs the $900+ I was quoted at aloha. So I saved at least $300 and I hope that you're very happy with your measly $40. I'm a dumb@ss and scheduled my dog's appointment before the insurance actually was active, so I did pay that $40 out of my pocket. Otherwise I wouldn't be so p*ssed about it. So I do think Aloha is a good vet if you have insurance, or are willing to overpay. I really liked Dr. Jamie, but be sure to get any quotes in writing, and be sure to ask the price of things before they do them - they charge $50 just for a fecal and heartworm test. Something I kind of wish they had mentioned beforehand.I had a more positive experience than the previous reviewer- but then again I did not order coffee.We went here one night to here a friend of a friend perform and I have been wanting to go back since. We ordered wine and gellatto and were not disappointed. The wine list has a good variety and offers a couple of flights. They also have 2 beer flights available both were good and came with nice sized glasses. The gelatto has a nice variety and every flavor we tasted received a thumbs up from the party. They have a menu with panninis and salads- none of which we tried but the temptation was there.The service was not fabulous but we were too distracted to really feel the effects of that.We were visiting some friends that lived nearby last week and decided to try Ground Control, mainly on the basis of the 2-for-1 coupon that we found in our Entertainment book.  We were greeted quickly by the barista/waitress/server and found our seats.  (Note:  I wonder if this places doesn't try to hard to be too many things, coffee, gelato, food, wine bar, beer selection...).  The lunch menu consisted of mostly panini's and salads.  I chose a panini that had pastrami, some sort of cheese and mustard on it...I'd like to be a little more descriptive, but the website does not have a food menu for some reason.  Whatever it was (I think it was called the Viper)...it was fantastic!  I really really enjoyed this panini.  Which is good because I was definitely annoyed with how long it took to get the food.  Sure, there were only two people working, but it is not as if this place was anywhere near busy.  My wife's chicken panini was okay...but the side salad that it came with was quite lame.   Iceberg lettuce was some balsamic vinegar on it.  Which is fine for a side salad, but we saw some people next to us with what appeared to be side salads and they had some real nice greens.  Maybe they ordered something else...but my wife laid off the salad and stole some of kettle chips instead.  If I was going based solely on my food, I'd give at least four, but I'm including the slow (note:  it was still very friendly) service and lame salad, so Ground Control gets 3 stars.Good find for anyone living in the West Valley or just visitng. Quality is just as good if not better than Starbucks. Coffee is superb and the food is excellent. They even have gelato!The one problem I have is with their service. They have a restaurant type service, which does not seem to work in their favor. When you sit down, it takes 15 minutes to be greeted and another 30 to get food. In order to avoid this is to order at the counter and then be seated. I recommend this place solely for the quality of their coffee and foodI had been there so many time and I always leave with the same feeling... That place could do better if the owner will care more :( The menu needs some improvement, there is always messy in the bar and the wine room area. Kids on a friday and saturday night? Its not comfortable to be drinking with a minor  next to you! The music isn't that bad but they need better band for the weekend...  The lighting should change at night time... I always go there because I want to support them but sometime its unpleasant to be there... the owners never smile and never said thank you for coming?   :(My Best Friend, Kaitlin A, already ripped this place a new one...

Taste

They have a special item on their menu that if you order it, they will donate 1/2 of the price of the item to a local downtown Chandler non-profit ICAN. That's cool!We went on the opening weekend.  Atmosphere is nice.  It is nice to have a place like this in downtown Chandler.  It looks like this will become a spot to visit frequently.  Food was good.  Service was a bit slow.  Hopefully, they were just working out all the kinks.Our group went for happy hour on a Friday afternoon, really wanting to like another local addition to downtown Chandler.  I understand they have only been open a week or two, so I was patient when service wasn't the most attentive.  Like when one of us ordered a beer that was on tap and the waitress goes "Huh? I've never heard of that?" and he had to point it out on her "Beers on Tap" cheat sheet she was carrying around.  The men liked the choices of beer, and the Guinness pour was above average with the shamrock detail on top.  They had a wine list, which was a pleasant surprise for me.  We didn't order food.The space is open with a long bar, long row of tables, and a couple high tables near the front for large groups.  I don't get the bear skeleton in the front.  Just seemed weird.Now, for the annoying part.  We arrived at around 3:30pm and stayed until 6:30ish......and were asked to cash out our check TWO separate times, meaning we would have THREE different waitresses.  Huh?  Why?  Unfortunately for Murphy's Law, being asked to cash out a second time was all we needed to get us out the door and to El Zocolo for some food.  Overall, hopefully they can work on the staffing kinks.....we'll give it another try.It's a great place to watch a game.  Big TV's, no loud music and a good layout where you can see the TV's with minimal effort or interruption. Service was okay.  She was a little grumpy, but everything was on schedule.  I don't really like a chatter anyway.The room has some nice personality with local flare.  It also has a bunch of signed dollar bills covering the entire north wall, the long wall behind the bar.I had the fish and chips, which were very good.  It was $12.95, which isn't cheap, but it was a good-sized portion and the fish tasted very fresh.  SO had potato/leek soup which was good and $4-$5.  The menu is the standard Irish pub fare.  There is a lunch menu. I don't think you would ever go here just for the food, but I haven't really tested the menu either.You had at me at pub. Truly there was no chance of losing me, I was dedicated to you before we ever met and then....things went terribly wrong. Here are my problems - Your food and the odd talent you book. First the food. Everything was marginal. My irish stew - marginal. The boxty - marginal. The fish and chips above marginal. Made it all the way to average. I can overlook average and even marginal when I'm with friends and especially when I'm drinking! Hence, how you nailed me at pub!! But, I can't get my drink on if I can't hear my mates. And in this pub, I have no hope of hearing anyone because the musical talent drowns out all attempts at conversation. Damn it!!! I never thought I would ask a bar, please do not book musical talent but your pub has some terrible acoustics. Sorry, but its' the truth. That aside, what the hell do absurdly loud Jimmy Buffet songs have to do with a pub....? I've been three times now and it just isn't there. Enough w/my sour puss attitude..the high points, the service was not nearly as bad as everyone says it has been and your beer is cold and wet - I loved it. My standards are low!Murphy's has a really cute, quaint environment.  Large selection of imported & domestic beers.If your dining fantasy is to be served by Megan Fox, stop by and ask for Casey's section.  She was charming and provided great service.The onion ring appetizer was served in a small pewter dutch oven.  Cute presentation, but not practical for a fried food, as the bottom rings got steamed and soggy.I ordered the shepherds pie, and my wife ordered the fish and chips.  My entree had all the right components for this classic dish, however the chef was a little heavy on the salt that night.  I loved the biscuit at the top.Think it was a bad night for the fish & chips.  It was a small portion size (2 pc) and the fish came out kind of soggy.   We think it sat on the line too long, giving the moist fish too much time to steam the beer batter.A manager came out to clear our plates, and asked how our dinner was.  We told him, and he offered to buy us a round and promised us that our next dinner would be perfect.  We declined the drinks but appreciated the good customer service.I liked the environment. The decor was carefully thought out. I am curious as to how much money is actually on the walls. The corn bread was great. I had a potato skins and they had sat for a bit before arriving at our table. I think my husband was happy with his food (although I am not sure what he actually ate). I think this would be a great place to hang out on a Friday night.Me and the wife went for lunch yesterday when we walked in we were greated by an overly hyper fellow........mngr??? we took a seat  and the server girl came to our table ordering seamed a little bumpy when they had potato leek soup on the menu but we were told ....I don't think we have that soup not that she went to check or maybe that was her way of saying we don't have that soup . I ordered the fish/chips which were good my wife had a club sandwich but in stead of on bread it was wraped in a crepe which seamed to be made w/potatos....not bad..all and all it is a decent place and i would rather have overly excited service than no service ....lots of good beer on tapMurphy's greatest attribute is its location. The downtown Chandler area has so much potential and this is a good start. Murphy's is located in a nice plaza near the heart of the city. It's an Irish pub because we don't have enough of these in the Valley, right? It's in a narrow suite but the bar runs almost the full length of the place. It's not very large so it gets crowded fast. The weird thing is that it dies down after 11pm. I don't know why, the people just leave. Perhaps they know something I don't. But when there are people it a mix of late 20's to young 40's crowd.They have a lot of beers on tap, so you're sure to find something you like. The staff is friendly and they try their hardest to get to everyone. On certain nights they have live music playin in the corner. Not a lot of room, so it's usually a one or two piece band. I'm not worried, but I hope that this place sticks around. This area needs them.My friend chose this place for after-dinner drinks to celebrate her birthday. As a New Yorker who's used to tiny and cramp bars, this place was gigantic. Although there were your average creepy guys who checked out every girl who walked by them, there were no odd smells, no sticky tables, and the wait staff was awesome. Along with Irish relics and artwork, the walls are covered with dollar bills that all go to a local charity at the end of the year. This is definitely representative of the fun local bars we can only find out west.I have been here several times, usually in the afternoon when it is more low key.  The on tap beer selection is solid for those who want something more than golden beer flavored water.  Service has always been good.  Bonus points for the charity dollars on the wall.  Just reading what some of them say is worth the trip.  When you go donate your buck!  Not sure if they still do this but if you are the lucky person to get the last drink out of a Jameson bottle, you are entered into a contest for a trip to Ireland.  They choose from all the people at the end of the year or something.The food is actually quite good.  we usually just grab a few appetizers because we are in for a light lunch or snack.  Their Jameson grilled wings are great.  That's right not baked in its own fat or fried in more fat, just grilled.Among the many over priced touristy spots in downtown Chandler it is good to have a pub with decent food, a solid beer selection, and a nice decor to check out.Murphy's Law is nothing terribly special.A few thoughts:

A: Are you a moron or are you 9 years old?Q: Shark Reef was better.

If you want to cruise up the duquesne incline and end at a restaurant, I wouldn't really pick this one, especially since you can see the view of the city for free outside. The food isn't worth it, especially for these prices.Somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. This is one of the best locations, if not simply the best, for a restaurant in Pittsburgh, and if you are lucky to be close enough from a window (as we were), you will impress your dinner guests! Now, not all tables are close to the windows, and some tables don't benefit from the view at all. I wonder how people are assigned to tables.The food is based on fish, and the menu is impressive, with a beautiful list of fish. We had various fish dishes, but the clear winner was the sea bass (with pineapple - usually I am not a fan of pineapple in my food, but this dish was very successful). The other fish were good, but not nearly as tasty. Some were a bit bland. The risotto was good, the lobster mac and cheese not impressive.The desserts are decadent - in a good and bad way. They are really very sweet and heavy, too much for the taste of our table. I'd recommend to share a few (we had 3 for 5, and this was too much, including angel food grilled cheese sandwich and macadamia mousse). Overall, the food was decent, but the prices - very high for Pittsburgh - call for something better and more interesting. Too many fish dishes were good, but a bit bland.Finally, our waiter was terrible. She pushed to consumption, insisting that we take some appetizers; she lost track of our bottle, and pretended it was empty, while we had only drank half of it; she put water on one of us...My sweet loving partner took me here for my graduation day celebrating 5 long agonizingly splendid years of college. I thought the elevator up was so very cool mind you I was scared of heights. We arrived mid-afternoon it was a pretty muggy day, the VIEW was still astounding and the interior was fancy looking at first. There were large awkward shaped pillars in the centers on the room holding everything up most likely. They didn't fool anyone by painting them like "trees" lol it looked silly and didn't fit well with their up-scale approach. The view is simply breathtaking and I can only imagine what it looked like at night. Its definitely romantic and fancy yet the servers are lacking skill. They aren't keen on refilling water I had to keep stealing my dates lol. They did bring out a glass of champagne because of circumstance I reminded them. They didn't have a good draft selection which baffled me, I would have thought they would have a nice selection of seasonal light beer to pair with their "fish grotto" dishes, MILLER LITE it is! Anyways, lets get down to business. We order fried calamari which was frigging awesome if I do remember correctly. I was expecting my thrill to follow suit on through with the dinner, I was thoroughly disappointed however. So both my other half and I order and filet with mash and baby whole potatoes. The meat for lack of better words was a "chode" LOL, it was the smallest steak ever, no bigger then a meat ball maybe 2 bites max. The meat size I could have gotten past if it were a delicious savory hunk of tender goodness, BUT Hell no it was like watching DORA the explorer trying to navigate around chunks of fatty tissue and Grissel. I guess this is what i get for ordering a steak at a "fish grotto." Well you ask how are the sides? What goes better with a chode than a piping bag full of garbage pureed mash, eh. They were aiming for new york up-scale and hit mediocre home made at best. There was no flare, no taste nothing but disappointment. I really loved the ambiance of this place the only thing its missing is the food that FITS THE PART. Everything is upscale but my palette was yearning for MORE THAN they could offer us. Don't be fooled that sky-high atmosphere and encapsulating glass 360 view comes with a skyrocketing check. We paid a whooping 170.00-180.00 for the bill our ending balance for my special graduation escapade 600.00 but would have been much less if we ate elsewhere....Thanks for the read try le-mont same price bigger steaks :)Too uptight. Not my style I guess. Should have had a better dish considering what my husband and I paid. View is awesome  staff and service was ok. Not personable at all. Probably won't come back.An unimpressive experience. My date made reservations for 8:30 PM on a Friday night. Now you would have thought they'd have their best servers. Wrong! The food was very good, except for the bisque. Very little crab meat and not a tasty broth to spoon into after all the meat was gone, which only took two spoonfuls. They brought me more crab to add to the broth, again another two spoonfuls before that was gone too. The bisque itself was okay, not something I wanted to spend time sopping up.

2. Service is usually lousy.

~ The families with small children. Please, please, keep your 6 kids under control. You shouldn't even be hiking with that many of them, it's too hard to keep track of them, hence dangerous. Also, please stop frowning at my dog (ew, he might sniff you!), and I will stop frowning at your kids (ew, they might puke on me!).Stopped here after taking in a Oakland A's spring training game. Its a cool looking rock that looks like it belongs on Mars or something. The whole time I was in Phoenix I wanted to do a hike, but mostly all I did was drink and watch baseball so I'm glad the old lady made a detour over here after the game. I kind of wish it was more strenuous. It looks bigger and taller than the path is. But I guess its just as well as I had several beers prior to making the ascent. Anyways, if you find yourself in Phoenix, check this place out. Its pretty cool. Free parking.Went for the first time today after hearing lots of rave reviews. Overall it's a beautiful park with lots to see (palm trees, giant red rock with a hole in it and bodies of water to name a few). With that being said I think they could do a better job with signage around the park. As it was my first time I found it very difficult to know where exactly to park. For example, the signs pointed toward the zoo when really you need to park on the other side of the road. The trails are also not labeled so you are kind of "winging" it as far as what trail you are actually on. I would recommend printing out their map online and bringing it with you. That's what I'll do next time. I highly recommend to stop here - fun little hike and easy for all ages and ability levels. Dogs are OK too!The park is enjoyable. Features volley ball court, playground, picnic areas and dog park. Plenty of hiking trails as well. Definitely an experience worth revisiting.Pick up your freaking trash people!This is a nice park that I would really love, but it's half spoiled in certain areas by all the broken glass, beer cans, cigarette butts, plastic bottles, USED CONDOMS, and other miscellaneous trash.  The garbage is especially awful near the little lake, where the mud mixes with all the refuse to look like a waste pit.I don't want to say that this place is totally bad at all.  There's lots of beauty here, which makes the trash that much more distracting.  Apart from the grassy area, there's a lot of winding trails that twist up, down, and around the hills.  It's great for a workout or just a relaxing walk.As you can see by all of the positive reviews, most people aren't phased by all the garbage.  So, this may not be an issue for you at all.  This is absolutely a nice park with lots of space for fun and relaxation.  Just be warned.Nice spot that's close to town. A lake, ramadas for picnicking, and an easy hike up to a great view. The only reason I didn't give it more stars is because it is always so fully populated, great if you want to enjoy nature with a lot of other people, but you'll have to drive a little further for some privacy.I'm in the middle of remodeling the house, the kitchen is a disaster, a real meal has not been cooked here in weeks, I drank all the cold Bronsons (beers) in the fridge in anticipation of having actually gotten off my ass this weekend to make the kegerator FULLY OPERATIONAL (say those two words to yourself in the the voice of Emperor Palpatine).Furthermore, it's 12am on a *Sunday* night and I'm thirsty... for beer.   Situation critical;  Fox and the Hound to the rescue.Now where else are you going to find 36 beers on tap, at 12:30 am on a Sunday night.  In the East Valley?  That's whatimtalkinbout.Despite the decidely English name of the place, it does even begin to approach the atmosphere of a real English pub, anymore than a cookie cutter suburban housing development called "Sherwood Forest" approximates its namesake.  Methinks the Fox and Hound is YAF (Yet Another Franchise) but I'm not 100% sure.  On this particular night, there were probably about a dozen people in the joint, a few couples at the bar with the rest playing on the full size billiard tables located on the north and south wings of the pub/restaurant.  A player there told me that the only other places in the East Valley with full sized billiard tables were Lazy Q billiards just down the street on Baseline, and Main Street Billiards in Mesa.There was also a big beer special going on, which is a large pint glass of draft beer for $3, approx 20oz but don't quote me on that.  So I ordered up a XX Lager Especial and settled in for consumption.  The ceilings in the main area are nice and high, which I like, and it's ringed by approx 8 booths, with tables in the middle.  They have at least 10 big-ass flat screen TV all around the place, the rest are good sized CRTs, I counted almost as many TVs in the place as there were beers on tap.  If you're sitting at the bar, you will hurt your neck trying to look up at the big screens overhead,  yer best bet is to try and catch some reverse image television in the back bar mirrors.  But fuck TV, most of the time I only watch it if I'm rolling solo and neglected to bring reading material or something to write on, and bored out of my mind.In addition to all the beers on tap, there is a full bar.  Which normally would have suited the guy seated next to me just fine, only tonight he was taking advantage of the big beer special and ordering an Amber Bock draft.  "This is the first beer I've had in a year and a half..." he announced.  "..and damn does it taste good".   Hallelujah and Amen brotha, good to have you back. Nobody likes a quitter.The music in the place sucked donkey dong, it was some lame pop/top40 tripe.  That  "I kissed a girl and I liked it" song being one of them.   Outside there is a great little gazebo/patio with misters, excellent place to chill outside in the summer.Can't really comment on the crowd as I've only been there twice before and didn't really pay that much attention.  I have not eaten here yet either so the food commentary will have to wait until later.I wouldn't have known a thing about this place had I not popped by to catch up with a Meetup.com group for drinks and karaoke. The place was pretty busy considering it was a Tuesday night, and now I know why... It's because of the $2 draft beer special. And they have 36 different beers on tap, so I'm guessing this is incentive enough for frugal Gilbertians to congregate here.Judging from the appetizer I ordered, the food is neither spectacular nor inedible... but it'll do when sucking down discount adult beverages. I ordered the Spicy Chicken Billiard Sticks which is their oddly-named knockoff of Chili's Southwestern Egg Rolls. Even the menu description is cryptic: "Thin potato wraps filled with spicy chicken, black beans, corn, spinach, peppers, onions and melted cheese. Served with poblano sauce for dipping." I like the sound of "poblano sauce", but in all actuality this was ranch dressing.Not a bad venue for karaoke. Crooners, balladeers, and lesser rockstar wannabes get partitioned to one side of the fairly large restaurant floor near a bank of walled-in television monitors. Kudos to the KJ for having P-p-p-pokerface in his repertoire, but boo-hiss for not having Inside Out by Eve6 (even though it was listed in his songbook). I was gonna shred with that little ditty! The crowd was fun... the aforementioned Lady Gaga hit got a lot of attention and the unofficial transgender crowd-pleaser tune of the night (Note: two dudes shouting off-key do not a fetching pop starlet make).The karaoke crowd dynamics did at least allow for at least one baffling moment of the evening, which translated into a pretty good icebreaker. One of the karaoke regulars launched into a rendition of Don't Cry for Me Argentina for the SECOND time that night! I realize (from listening to the KJ announce details earlier) that he was practicing for an upcoming karaoke contest which would involve contestants having to sing at least one randomly selected Madonna hit, but having to listen to this snoozer of a song twice from the same dude violated some unwritten rule of karaoke ethics. As I escaped to the patio, I mentioned the offense to another sleepy-eyed patron.She started back with:  "This song actually hurts my vagina!"I countered: "Hey, this hurts my man-gina! But then, I'm ovulating..."

Opportunities are service as I stated only people there and waited 10 minutes to get refill on drink. When you ask how you want your burger cooked, one would imagine that it would come somewhat close to what you asked for.  I asked for medium and it came out well done. Char on outside was nice but inside was kind of dry. I will come back and try again, maybe for dinner service.Charr is yet another in a long list of burger restaurants that have sprung up around Phoenix (and across the country). I'm convinced these places justify their high burger prices by adding the descriptor "gourmet" to their name, and offering a variety of burger options. Who would have imagined that $10+ for a cheeseburger would be a good deal??We ordered the American Turkey burger, Charr Burger with cheese, and the kid's meal chicken fingers. We thought the turkey burger was a bit on the dry side. It comes with a garlic aioli, which was flavorful, but there was a lot of it! The cheeseburger was ordered medium, and was more medium-well. It was good, though. The little one loved the chicken fingers and all of us devoured the truffle fries!Attentive service, nice ambience. Decent food.Was here on a business lunch with a colleague.  I had the Arizona burger.  The bun was burnt stiff on one side and the burger, and while good in theory, was ok at best.  Definitely could have done better.  I just don't understand why these places try and get fancy and butcher an American classic.  I don't need a fancy bun, especially if it's burnt, and if you aren't going to season the meat, at least make up for it in other areas.  The fries and southwest sauce was pretty good though.On another note, there was a cold seafood bar near the kitchen, so I'm not even sure what theme they are going for here.  I can get surf and turf somewhere else, not at a burger joint.If I lived close, I would give it another try, but don't expect it to blow you away.  Just another trendy burger joint in my honest opinion.Service good. Atmosphere good. Burgers...to die for. Shrimp Po Boy, overlooked and plain.They took away my pizza burger,  raised the price of the salmon burger and added a milkshake bar.   Hmmmm.I use to love the food here. Very fresh and the portions are big. I would order like once a week since there grand opening at this location. I haven't been here in a couple of weeks so I decided to order from here yesterday. I was disappointed. They changed there chowmain noodles which were my fav. They now taste and have the consistency of Top Ramen noodles that you buy in the packages at Walmart. I also had tried the walnut shrimp which I thought was pretty gross, seemed slimy to me. However, the wonton soup is delicious, one of my favorites.The customer service is not great, every time I call in my order whoever answers cannot understand me. Very frustrating. I'm hoping the quality of the food doesn't continue to go down hill because I really did like this place and I am very picky.I gotta say from the outside it doesn't look so great, then you go inside and now you can't walk out. You just gotta order as you've already been sucked in, well at least that's how I felt.I've seen this place a few times when I would go to the 99 cent store next door to stock up on some snacks; today I finally cured my curiosity and went in as I was craving some chow mein.

Overall it's not a bad deal for the money, but there are newer hotels on the strip. Slots were tight, boobs were amazing. We might try it again .I was looking forward to my stay at Luxor because I was entranced by the promise or diagonal wall windows in the pyramid and the pyramid shaped shampoo and soap people talked about.The window was cool, but there was no pyramid shaped soap.The room was clean, non-smoking, and two queen beds. Just what we asked for. One thing I didn't like though was that even though we didn't have the do not disturb sign on our door, the cleaning service never came by during our stay. We had to call and ask for new towels and cups, etc.But they promptly responded. The location of the hotel on the strip is just okay.I would stay again, but it's not my top choice.There was nothing amazing about this hotel. Food court was pricey, rooms were average, and the pool water was freezing! I personally would not stay here again. However I did like how they held our bags before our check in time. They also give you a little booklet with coupons for the shows and such they have in the hotel, but wasn't much of a discount.I haven't stayed on this end of the strip yet, so it was fun to see what this hotel had to offer. Though I was only there for a max of two nights, I did get a chance to walk around to check out this hotel. Casino-wise, I'm really not very helpful with because I'm not a big gambler, so I couldn't tell you if it was "good" or not. It seemed pretty typical to me. I liked there were a lot of options of things to do here (Criss Angel, Bodies, Titanic and Jabbawockeez are all in this location) and that there's a food court upstairs for some quick, cheap eats if you wanted. Other than that though, nothing really stood out to me at this hotel.Same applies for the rooms. I thought they were okay, but at the same time, it is Vegas, so most time spent is out of the room, right?! :) If I was at this end of the strip, I may stay here again, but I'd probably want to check out other locations before staying here again.The beds are comfortable , the bathroom is nice the TV is HD and flat screen BUT there is no freakin' Wi-Fi !!!! I've been in small communities that have friggin Wi-Fi in their hotels. Due to that reason I won't be staying at the Luxor if I come back to Vegas. It's too bad I didn't remember to check about Wi-Fi before booking here on Expedia. The staff are nice though if that's what you're looking for. If I come back I'll be asking if they have Wi-Fi and if the answer is no I'll be staying somewhere else.Huge, rooms are clean and priced well.  A little run down, and there are huge parts of the casino and interior that are blank.  Buffet is ok, all in all good for budget vegas.I always wanted to stay here, as I am a sucker for a gimmick and the fact that it is a giant pyramid completely sold me. The hotel is fine, clean enough, but it was nothing special and the lack of wifi in the rooms was pretty bad. I mean what hotel does not have wifi as an option these days?

Cons: heart attack alleyThere are other Filipino restaurants which I will try when I am in the area again, but this place is always a favorite compared to going to Jollibee or Chow King.Good selection of Filipino entrees, desserts, and beverages.  Clean restaurant.   This is one of the Filipino places I eat, when I'm in town, when I need a break from the Vegas buffets,This isn't the best filipino fast food restaurant I have ever had, but it does hit the spot when I am craving Bangus or any other fried filipino goodness.  For me, the dishes are always a hit or miss in regards to the saltiness. But, I just order a melon juice, and I am content. The servings are large, so you can eat like a king on a budget.  The restaurant is clean and quite spacious.  And the servers are always friendly and welcoming.I always have to get Filipino breakfast once while in Vegas.  Went to this place cause my girl and her family go to this one.The place looks like all the Filipino "cafeteria" style restaurants.  Fairly clean and smells amazing inside.  The staff was very very friendly (as most Filipinos are) and did not judge us when we didn't really speak Tagalog.  He helped us get our plates and even cracked a few jokes.We got the pinakbet, lechon kawali, and dinuguan.  My girlfriend was quite saddened to see that there was no kare-kare that morning.  But the food was still enjoyable.  The best part of the meal was the melon drink.  It was so refreshing on a hot Vegas morning.  Mhmmm... delicious!This isn't the greatest Filipino place I've eaten at, but it sure did help curb my cravings for Filipino food.  Wouldn't mind coming back here since I can't remember the other place my family goes to.... haha!$5 Filipino breakfast offered ALLLL DAY?!  I'm sold!Perfect way to start a Vegas morning.  You get your choice of tocino, longanisa, tilipia or the dried/salted fish.  Then you pick how you want your eggs cooked...and they whip it up for your right there.  Probably only takes about 10 minutes!  The longanisa + scrambled egg is my ideal and it was really good here!  Add in the fresh calamansi juice...and life is good.  They had a huge selection of food to choose from, so I pretty much wanted to buy everything.  Luckily, I restrained.This place hits close to home cooking and the prices can't be beat.  One of the few Filipino places (buffet-ish style where you point to the food you want and they plate it for you) that keeps their food fresh and keeps the food coming.  The place is pretty modest - nothing fancy just cafeteria style but it gets the job done!  Whenever my parents visit me in LV, they always come here at least 2 or 3 times during their visit (because I won't let them cook fish inside my house, lol!)

-Smoking:  It's a bar and pub, should be expected. -Dark inside

Service

Service was awful last two times... sigh.

Honestly, if I knew that they were closing in like 2 mins, I would not have ordered. I don't want any chance of people spitting in my food... Im still giving this place a 3 star for letting me order and still giving us a decent togo.  But next time, please do not serve people with a side of attitude.I went through the drive-thru at this Taco bell at around 12:50pm on 6/20/2015I wouldn't usually rate Taco Bell. Just following through to give a formal "good job, guy" to Charles who helped me out. He took the time to repeat my order on the intercom, clearly, enthusiastically, and convinced me to upgrade my order.When I pulled up to the window, he repeated my order again, took my cash, changed my difference, filled my soda, handed me my order, all while taking at least 2 other orders from people behind me. No song and dance, no contrived social interaction. Just quick, efficient service that consumers are looking for from a fast-food operation. Takes enthusiasm and intelligence to operate at that capacity. Taco bell is Taco bell. Franchises that operate so that there is uniformity as an overall brand. Differences can only be subtle from franchise to franchise. A fundamental difference being the service you receive. Charles provided impeccable service that if practiced throughout the Taco Bell brand, would no doubt increase overall consumer favorability over competing brands.I came here via a Groupon... and despite having an appointment, waited close to two hours for my oil change / tire rotation.  They did a fine job, but when they're aware you are there on a lunch break, it would make sense to try a little harder to finish in the time promised.  The waiting room had a lackluster selection of crappy magazines and despite having a television, half of the channels were in Espanol.  I probably won't be back and can't say I recommend this location.Food is pretty good. Not bad but not exciting. I've stopped by for drinks and also for dinner a few times. Every time I've been there the daily special is the osso bucco. How can a daily special be the same every day? Doesn't that mean it's just daily?If you're looking for a simple Italian dinner, this place is the place to go. Prices are moderate but a bit high considering there is no 'wow' in the food. Decor is nice but be careful. Table spacing is a bit tight so you may be stuck next to a loud or awkward seating.I'm usually disappointed when I try new Italian places. I was happy that this place broke the trend.  From the live pianist/singer to the cozy booth and candle light to the jovial host, I was immediately impressed.  Then the menu...no crap, just the good stuff, the basics and the prices were pretty good. We couldn't wait to order, but we did. We waited and waited and waited. Finally I flagged down the waiter and asked if we could please order. It's like, "Um, I would like to buy things from you. Would you like to sell me something?". It really rightsized my excitement being put on hold like that. Finally the food!  YUM!  I'll get the chicken parm again.  It was the right size and delish!So dinner was over and we were ready to pay. Along came the check and there went the waiter. Again we waited and waited until I flagged him down and asked if we could please pay. Again, it's like, "Hey, I'd like to give you $30 + 20% for your...ahem....service.  Why won't you just come take it???"  arg!!  Anyway, the restaraunt was great and I'll go back and hope for a different waiter.Let me start by saying I love the food at this restaurant.  It is great. In addition, the happy hour is well set up and lots of fun in the expanded bar area. That said, if you go there for date night it's a crap shoot on what kind of service you'll get. One or two of the waiters are surley and inattentive, to the point of being down right annoying. It's a shame because I don't go there as much as I otherwise would. If you want reliably great service along with great italian cuisine, I'd recommend Ruffino's on Warner as an alternative.Wanted to hit happy hour, but wasn't able to sit in the lounge area because my grandfather is big .... so we ate normal dinner.  I wished that they would have accomodated us on his size for happy hour prices.The music was a bit loud even after we asked the server to turn it down a bit. I don't believe he actually did turn the music down at all.  All dishes were nice but nothing over the top.I'd like to try it again for happy hour, but I will not be going back for normal menu items.  A little costly and quality of food just was not matching up for me.  There are many things on the menu to try though.I entered Arrivederci on a Friday during happy hour... They have no draft beer and the beer list in bottles is pretty lame... I ordered a Negra Modelo that was the only beer that I would drink off the list and that seemed pretty strange at an Italian restaurant. I was served my beer and it took 15 minutes before I had to ask for a menu... I ordered the Rustica pizza (Tomatoes, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, Mushrooms and fresh mozzarella) I liked the flavor of the pizza and the crust was really good but the pizza it's self was pretty soggy in the middle I think it could have been cooked more but for $6.50 it's a deal... I will be back for sure for this happy hour really good prices.Well, as usual, I am writing this review to share my opinions and observations with other Yelpers. My family and I went to eat dinner here over the weekend along with an important out-of-town visitor that we were entertaining. We decided to try this restaurant since we are always looking for a good Northern Italian restaurant and have not really found one here in the valley, despite living here for over 25 years. So we gave it a shot. I have some good comments and some not-so-good comments to share: First the good. Although the menu is limited (by my standards, albeit they have a decent selection), the food was good. We ordered a wide variety of dishes from various appetizers, salads, an antipasti plate, pastas, veal dishes, lobster ravioli, and other entrees. Everyone said that the entrees and appetizers were very good, including me, who ordered the simplest dish because I love it -- Italian sausage and peppers over fettuccine. And the portions are large and the prices are very good. The service is decent and passable. Now for the not-so-good. First of all, there were only two parties eating dinner that night. A party of 8 and our party of six......that's all. I think the bad economy is hurting this restaurant as well as other better dining establishments. But the problem was even when I asked for a different seating area and finding more room for our table(s), we were told that we couldn't do that. WTF! With only two parties in a big restaurant? And they put our parties right next to each other! How freaking noisy and irritating was that? There was only one server too, and I think he might have been either the manager or the owner. I can understand the need to reduce staff if business is poor, but that was a little too much for me. Next, the wine list is poor -- with many of the wines "out of stock" and most of the labels are from unknown vineyards. The prices for the wines were really not bad for a retail restaurant -- I paid $85 and $89 for two bottles of maybe $35 wines, but is to be expected. I would have been willing to pay even more if the wines were better and from recognizable vineyards -- either from Napa or Italy. And although the food was good along with the prices, the salad was bad. It was like out of a supermarket bag -- "field greens". And the dressing was blase and boring. And lastly, my party had four dessert eaters, but the dessert options were boring and poor. Again, probably due to the poor business volume, they have to cut back on the dessert options and the more costly and sophisticated desserts. My suspicion is that this restaurant probably had better options and choices for everything in better times, but today, I would say it is so-so at best. My wife said she would not go back again. For me personally, I would go back just for a simple meal for myself and my wife and daughter, since the food is good and the prices right. So I am still searching for a good Northern Italian restaurant. Oh yeah, one more thing -- I will have to give them credit for being willing to make simple menu changes that we requested. I can understand that restaurants won't make things on the menu if the requests are too far afield from their standard items, but things like making the dish without alcohol in it should be accommodated. And for the seafood pasta dishes, my wife only wanted clams and not the mussels, shrimps, and fish, and they did that. My daughter wanted a cheese pasta dish but also wanted some "meat" so they added a grill chicken breast on top. Oh yeah, my wife wanted the lobster ravioli as an appetizer so they made a special appetizer size for her. When she shared some with the others, a couple of others changed their entrees to the lobster ravioli since it was very good.We tried out this place tonight because right up the street and bought a Groupon!  It is a good date atmosphere for sure.  Food was good, but not wonderful...I am glad I tried it out, but most likely would not go back!The wine was okay, food was decent, but the service was blah! The waiter treated us like we didn't belong. I've in place more upscale than this and didn't receive such poor treatment.I came here over the weekend with a group of family and friends to celebrate my bday.  We came here because it was close to the resort we were staying at, and it had rather good reviews.  I really enjoyed the quaint nature of the atmosphere, and we had no hassles when I had to push back the reservation an hour.  Overall the service was speedy and friendly.  The food was really tasty but some of the portions were on the small side.  Overall we had a pleasant experience here and I'm glad we got to try it out.  I do feel like the prices are a little on the steep side for what we received.We bought a groupon for this place.  The food was good but it was very loud and although we had made a reservation we got less than prime seating.   It was hard to talk because of the noise and because we had people on either side of us about a foot away. It is okay for  a groupon but I would not go back otherwise.The food was decent. The server was nice. But the place had a weird vibe. It has low

All in all, I am sure I will go back, the next time group from out of town comes in and wants to see what all the buzz is about, but probably not until thenI have been to Asia de Cuba about three times. The first time was fantastic. I mean the food couldn't have been better. They had this fried rice that we all shared that was amazing however I think they have since changed and/or tweaked their menu. The second time I went was for my birthday dinner and the one dish I wanted, the bbq spare ribs were AWFUL! First they were cold, and next they were fatty. I was so disappointed. Of course they asked if they could get me something else, but you know when you really have taste for something and it turns out bad, you really don't want anything else. So yep, that was me. So much for a great BD dinner. The third time I went it was just ok. The food was not as good as the first time nor was it as bad as my BD, but it was alright. I stuck with chicken this go around as it was safe and I was sure they couldn't mess that up. Well although they didn't mess it up, it was a bit dry. However that yummy friend rice made the world of difference. I cannot remember what was in it but I swear it had avocado as one of the ingredients. Oh and the desserts were good and the drinks were great. So all in all, its an ok place to go. Give it a try and judge for yourself. You just may run into someone famous! :)The one thing that Claim Jumper does that makes it unique is HUGE SERVINGS.  We're talking, leftovers for days servings.  The service is usually pretty attentive and quick, although there can be a bit of a wait some evenings.This is my mom's place to go out to eat when she has her choice.  It's...OK.  I mean, yeah, it's huge - but sometimes you sacrifice quality for quantity.  It's pretty much standard, chain, Apostrophe S food.  Nothing thrilling.Their huge chocolate cake slice, however, rules the school.  7 or 9 layers or something like that.  I blame it for my stomach.I have to take my students there on a weekly basis (their not the same students every week, my classes only last 1 to 2 weeks) and they are always super happy, saying that the Europeans amoung them complain about the size of portions and the Yanks complain about the lack of choice...so i guess the old addage is true you can please some of the people some of the time..yadadada! Anyhoo, generally the food is good, and the service is ok. We book tables for anywhere between 10 and 20 people and generally they cope well with bringing all the food out at the same time; but don't let that fool you, it has taken 30 mins before hand to get our drinks refilled....so i guess it really does matter who your wait staff are.The food is good although it can be slightly greasy with no flavour, i also recommend the Jamaican sweet potatoe (it comes with jerk chicken and clover honey...yummy!) and a good pudding is the green tea creme brule (it tastes better than it sounds!) it's a tiny pudding, about 6 mouthfuls but it's totally snacky!Claim Jumper seems like a restaurant I would love.  Unfortunately, it's just okay.  The look of the place is really cool, but the food isn't that good -- especially for the price.  The steak is expensive, but average at best (as an example, I'd consider Outback better at cheaper prices).  Even the garlic cheese toast, which sounds like it should be ridiculously delicious, is only decent.I have been here multiple times, and last night was with a group of 13.  We called RIGHT before we were all going over there, and they were ready with a table as soon as we got there.  Apparently half my group knows the manager Maris, and this lady took great care of us.  The service was very good to handle 13 people; our waiter came by to refill drinks and everyone seemed to need something on the side and he still brought requested items back in a timely fashion.

Tacos were good. But the steak tacos were too salty and oily.

asian - sushi

corn

The caprese was delicious with a hard and soft (fresh) mozzarella, and three different tomato presentations. Fresh, roasted, and a sweet chutney. Be sure to have the bread served with this appetizer, or else it's not very substantial. For entrees, we had a pasta dish in pink sauce with peas and mushrooms. (We opted for no ham.) The sauce was tasty, but the homemade pasta was very thin and didn't hold the sauce well. We also had a chicken dish with a vegetable and bean ragout. The ragout was outstanding, with the beans somehow almost giving the dish a texture of home fries. The chicken, however, was dry and bland.

Dinner Salad: just that. Nothing to write home about, however, the vegetables were fresh.

Bloody and grueseome thrillers for train journeys, airports and beach holidays.

Its close to my house which is great.  Good selections.

Jelly filled

How bout a little love for your customers who could buy stuff?

Nevada ($16.95): Brisket, Pork Belly, Marinated Chicken, Spicy Chicken, Spicy Pork, Large Intestine, Steamed Egg, Bean Paste Soup, and House Salad.

(cough crap cough).I think this place is due for an update on the pies, I think we've all been here so many times, and ate them pies so many times, even though it's still good, it doesn't wow anymore... it's still packed when we went, but it feels stale and I'm a bit sad about it...Je n'ai jamais compris la tendance "tarte". Si j'ai le choix entre un brownie, un biscuit ou une portion de tarte, mon ventre crie pour les deux premiers. C'est pourquoi le Rockaberry m'intriguait, je voulais voir si je pouvais tripper sur les tartes moi aussi. Ça commence avec un service vraiment détaché. Les tartes sont disposées en arrière d'une vitre au comptoir, mais on nous indique qu'on ne peut pas rester là et qu'il faut attendre pour le serveur à notre table. Personnellement je mange avec mes yeux en premier, et voir les tartes pour faire mon choix était bien plus invitant que de lire un monotone menu.Niveau nourriture, on ne fait rien à moitié. Ta pointe va te coûter 6$, mais tu vas avoir le tier d'une tarte dans ton assiette. Qui a vraiment faim pour tout ça? J'aurais vraiment aimé avoir l'option d'une "demi-portion"; Oui les tartes étaient bonne, mais trop c'est comme pas assez. Oui tu peux partager ta pointe à deux, mais faut s'entendre sur le choix d'une tarte en commun, et avec l'appétissante variété proposée c'est un gros défi quand même.Mais au final non, j'ai pas eu de révélation. Je vais rester avec mes biscuits.Stopped in at Rockaberry for dessert during our trip to Montreal. It was not very busy on a Sunday night. Ordered coffee and split a berry pie a la mode, since they were out if the blueberry pie. Perhaps we didn't order the right thing, as they had done other rich looking chocolate and cheesecake pies, but I thought the pie was average. It was warm but didn't blow me away, and the berries seemed to have more of a preserve than fresh. The ambience inside wasn't the most cozy, although had ample seating and a great location close to Plateau Mt. Royal.After dinner at Saint Sacrament, we HAD to get dessert so we came to Rockaberry for the first time in years! We ordered the apple crumble cheesecake and the pecan pie. The pecan pie definitely hit the spot as a dessert but the vanilla ice cream along with it was very average. I gave Rockaberry three stars because everything from the service, the decor and the all-around 'meh' vibes of the place are generic and mediocre at best... All things you would expect from a chain cafe. Still worth it to satisfy your sweet tooth in the St. Denis / Mont Royal area!This used to be the hot spot for lunch time when I was going to high school. Everyone knew about it. It was the popular choice. I remember wanted to eat there so bad, but my parents never gave me enough money. Or I brought a lunch from home.I was feeling nostalgic and decided to stop here again. It changed a lot, they actually make students go in 4 at a time. I guess they had problems with theft. I decided to order a sandwich and it was very underwhelming. It didn't taste fresh and it was just bland. Expensive for what you get. The grocery store portion is also very eh. The staff isn't friendly, and the products are not special. You can get most of their products at any other grocery store. If you need milk last minute and you live close, it would make sense. Otherwise, don't waste your time.The food is still just ok. Obviously now I see it was never that good. It was just convenient and close by. I don't think I will eat here again.The maple gelato was great but it was half-melted when they handed me my cup. My partner got the raspberry sorbet and though it was just a trifle too tart. Service was super friendly though!Walked in here on a whim and chose to sit inside - bad choice. Apart from the dreary decor, this restaurant had slow, slow, slooooow service and a very indifferent staff. We considered asking for the check after eating our appetizers because we figured they had forgotten about our entrees. Fortunately, the food was decent and rather tasty, especially the fried potatoes that came with our sandwich - would have given two stars if the food had been anything short of what it was. Still, after the bad service and the expensive tab (quite overpriced for lunch fare) we were pretty relieved to get out of there.It's all about the patio, the people/tourist-watching, and the cold beer. Wonderful Chambly Blanc on a perfect August afternoon...Friendly owners. They have really good food, but keep in mind that you'll be paying for microwaved food. The food (aka not rice dishes) on the left is made instantly, however those on the right are the ones that they lay out in front of you. Like canteen style.We watched the Eurocup final there, which was nice, because there was barely anybody there. Plus, we were there at 4 pm for lunch, so probably that's why. But if you're looking for some friendly smiles and fast Thai food, you're in the right place.I have to admit - I have a weird craving for greasy, deep-fried spring rolls and this is where I go to get them. They've already deep fried them once and when you go to the counter to order some, they deep fry them a second time, just to make sure all those saturated fats and free radicals are good and in there! But, guiltily, that's what I'm there for. It's an infrequent indulgence I allow myself when I'm starving on my way home.As for the rest of the food, the only reason I eat here is because they swore to me that they don't cook with MSG. Try your best to find any other Asian restaurant in the 'hood that doesn't use MSG! Good luck. So, this is the best bet. I know it seems a bit ridiculous to be concerned about MSG when I've just clogged my arteries with spring roll magic, but I never said I was perfect!So, if you're starving and just can't wait, grab something here to calm down that hunger panic. Otherwise, go home and microwave your leftovers because it'll be pretty much the same thing.Great little café.One thing though, the coffee could be 100 times better. There is a total lack of good coffee in Villeray, which is a shame.Should learn from Pourquoi Pas, Pikolo, or even Café Art Java. There is 100 places for great coffee in MTL and Café In should be one of them.Service rapide et livraison par vélo (très Plateau ;) ). Bonnes portions servies dans les fameuses boîtes comme dans les films à New York. Les plats de nouilles sont délicieux, mais très salés. La soupe tonkinoise n'a par contre peu à voir avec la vraie chose. On dirait plus une soupe repas d'inspiration asiatique.Alright I'll tell you, but don't go ruining this place bc right now it is very pure. Don't try to order fancy mixed drinks, or food, or in English. Do get a 40oz Labatt50 and the beer card that gets you free 40oz Labatt50 when you've had 10 40oz Labatt 50s. Do take advantage of the always-free jukebox to play some Journey, and do sit on the wide sunny patio and remember how much fun it was to be a teen drinking 40's in the park. Oh and please don't step on my drunk neighbour sitting on the floor, she's a very nice lady.Rien d'excitant! C'est une petit bar avec une petite terrasses, pas beaucoup de choix de bière. Le problème réelle de ce bar c'est qu'il est mal situé. Il est dans Le quartier des Hipster, en plein sur Parc mais ils n'ont pas la clientèle pour en faire quelques chose D'intéressant.Il y a de la Boréale, Molson, Labatt, Belle Geule, des grosses et des petites bière, une table de pool. Vous voyez un peu le topo?Not sure why I decided to try this place.  I didnt give it a worse rating because Im assuming maybe the pho is good but when I went it was way too hot outside to want some pho. I ordered "fried chicken" with rice and imperial roll plate. Ive never really seen a vietnamese restaurant that served fried chicken so I assumed it was probably just the traditional Vietnamese grilled chicken. Instead I got some overcooked oven roasted shredded chicken. Had almost no seasoning. Came with rice and a side salad (a piece of iceberg lettuce) and a decent really big imperial roll. Very uninspiring meal. Was not satisfied at all. If you decide to try this place stick with the pho.This place is sooo Italian. Italian music, Italian paraphernalia all over the walls, Italian staff... Very casual and relaxed atmosphere.We ordered a couple of pasta dishes, ravioli and spaghetti and they were both good. The portions are fair in size and are presented in cool frying pans - neat idea!.Service was fast - we got our food right away and when we needed more bread, they brought it to our table in no time.Casual, simple and good, can't go wrong when you're looking to get a quick pasta fix :)Cash and debit only - no credit cards.I went for food here for dinner with a group of friends and was not too impressed by the service or the food. The decor gave me the feeling that the restaurant was authentic or family run, both of which are probably true. The shepherds cross table cloths and the disco music was the highlight of the place, but it could use a coat of paint. The kitchen is open air, but the ventilation is poor. The price point does not reflect quality or presentation. The server was slow to check in about water, wine and constantly tried to up-sell us on appetizers and desserts. On the plus side, they bring you bread and it is a BYOB resto.Nice selection of Montreal beers, including singles, and they hold on to some rare stuff so that you can get things that are unusual. I had fun shopping here, and it's amusing that they try to give you some swag with purchases - for example I got some really cheesy macro beer promotional stuff, and once they gave me a very decent goblet for beer that had a small chip on its base. They can be a little expensive, but they mean to do well.Good food at a good price. Their Hot & Sour soup is true to its name. Their menu is simple and clear, service is good too. If you like Asian foods you may end up a regular there!A won ton soup with regular (not Chinese) broccoli and carrots?! If I want local vegetables in my soup, I'll get a 2$ one from St-Hubert.The service is very friendly, but the food was a little disappointing.  Prosciutto was thick and near jerky-like.  Pizza was bland.Growing up in an Italian household with two avocational chefs, I've yet to have my mind blown in terms of Italian food in Montreal. Most places seem  a bit overdone. Epoca, however, is laid back and really quite good. Not earth shattering, mind you, but a nice spot for lunch.Rating Scale:

The concierge was very friendly and helpful. He was very willing to advise us on hot spots for dinner and drinks. He was very polite and professional.

I wouldn't order it again.  A little too crunchy. But I ate itI'd come back again

*Food got to me quickly.

6. By coming to PV I managed to get through high school without ever writing a "term paper," because none of my teachers ever asked for them. In Wisconsin I couldn't have avoided it.

http://s3-media4.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/GFMwo0PKZNpCd6ndk6-EXw/o.jpg

for the sake of total disclosure...we had a hook-up that got us free dinner at the buffet.

Now on the positive,the garden was very nice although the roof of the reception area was dirty and made it appear dark.I will rate the food as o.k.because they ran out of lamb kabobs,one of the three meats offered along with chicken kabobs and roast beef , the salad was a bit wilted, most likely due to the heat ,and some of the other dishes were dry. and finally, the mashed potatoes they served were instant.I did not dare try the sushi table in that heat.The staff was excellent, very attentive,polite and pleasant. They were working very hard the entire time.They are very, very, VERY racist!! This is my 3rd time visiting this yummy Mexican place. The food is AMAZING! Sadly they are racist :( The first time I ate food from here my husband got it to go(my husband is white...blonde hair, green eyes), while I waited in the car. He ordered me nachos and got him self carne asada fries. The nachos were really yummy, but they didn't have a lot of toppings. I went back on my own about a week and a half ago and the food they gave me was AMAZING! It was 100 times better than what my husband got! I'm middle eastern, but can pass as Mexican. I assumed my food was better because there was a man working the register and cooking the food. I decided to go back a few days ago for lunch because the food was sooooooo good! Well, this time there were women behind the counter....they were super nice and friendly! I noticed some white people come in and her attitude completely changed, she was rude and almost seemed annoyed that they were there. Their food was ready before mine, the quality was the EXACT quality my husband got! My food was ready right after theirs, and mine was AMAZING wayyyy better than what they got!! I don't think they like white people....the whole menu is in Spanish! I can read and speak Spanish...so it's no problem for me. I think if they really wanted Americans in their restaurant.... they would translate the menu. I give it 3 stars because they are nice to me and the food is AWESOME! I take away the other two because they were not so nice to my husband :(I was in the area and decided to try out this Taco shop since I don't live nearby.  When I walked into the restaurant, I thought I would have an awesome meal...but it turned out to be mediocre.  Here's what I ordered:Beans/Rice/Cheese Burrito, $3.10

The location isn't ideal as you would never know it was here.

1. They only serve beer and wine.

Yes, Flamingo is an older hotel, but for it's location on the strip + cost = not terrible. I opt to gamble at the casinos nearby anyway. I've personally never had a bad experience with the front desk, security or customer service.You get what you pay for, so I wasn't expecting anything extravagant. In the future, I'd definitely pay a little more for nicer rooms.Pros:

Ok back to the food and drinks. They have a pretty extensive sushi menu as well as non sushi items for those who can`t handle sushi. Large drink list as well. Took a party of 10 in here, hit the happy hour which had a good selection. I ended up ordering Teppanyaki and it was delicious!! But check it out for yourself!!The level of noise is deafening, and loud enough to ruin any attempts at conversation.   There's nowhere in the place to get away from it, as management insists on blaring (BLARING) the sound system, which causes the conversations at every table to rise to the level of SHOUTING to be heard.Part of the problem is that Sapporo is as much a bar/pickup scene as a restaurant.A real shame, because the food and service are very good.   But don't go with more than one person and expect to be able to have a conversation.Its ok. If you like teppan but the sushi needs little attention here.  Better off going to real Japanese sushi places if you want sashimi or anything special.I've never been a big fan of the teppanyaki places.  Same tricks, same jokes, same food.  At least the genre is consistent.  Sapporo is better than most.  Very clean, the service is good, and they have a private room if you have enough people.  The Happy Hour specials are pretty good as well.Good food, good prices, not great if you want to chat as the venue is very loud. Also, the bathroom smelled like someone crawled in and died. I know I should have told the manager but didn't. Hate to eat and rat, though. What can I say?Friends were craving for some sushi and martinis, and decided to check Sapporo out. So here is a bit of recap:Pros:

Would I rank this place among the best Gringo-Mex places in town?  Nope.

Salmon SashimiThe Fried Rock Shrimp is fine if you like fried rock shrimp, but it's really just a money-maker for them and I'd avoid it if was ever eating here again.Nobu is a solid 4 stars for food & drink, but for the price it's an easy 3 star place in my book...and this from someone that routinely enjoys paying inflated Strip prices for excellent quality food & drink.Not really impressed with Nobu. We dined at their Hard Rock location with 4 people last night and our expectations were not met. It's not that the quality is bad, but for the money you spend you simply expect more.For starters we had the new style salmon sashimi and the yellowtail jalapeño sashimi. Both were very good. However, the rolls we ordered afterwards left a lot to be desired. The ambience could also be a lot better. The design reminded me more of a Japanese ramen kitchen.I gamble at the Hard Rock pretty frequently so have been afforded a number of comps here. It's definitely better than your run-of-the-mill sushi joints with a bunch of Americanized rolls but others have really stepped up their high end sushi game (e.g., the Nobu at Caesars, Blue Ribbon at Cosmo, Kabuto on Spring Mountain, etc.) which has left Nobu just average among that set. Certainly if you're in the area and have a comp (or a business account) you could do much worse but that shouldn't go your go-to high end sushi place anymore.Very good, but doesn't really live up to the hype.  The curse of being trendy, I guess.  That being said I enjoyed my meal each time I've eaten here and will return if its convenient, but I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here.The two of us tried Nobu on Sunday 3-01-15.

the crab is good, not a fan of crawfish, but friends love it.

Still a fan of Chef Ramsey.It's OK.Burger: 4 stars.

Il WiFi copre tutta la struttura e funziona bene, il parcheggio ha un costo di 3$ a notte.Nice price....If you don't stay during the summer & you expect the A/C to actually semi work...Right now it's 98* outside (12:47 am) and my guess it is about 83* in this room.

 Here at Sahara the food is mostly great, the atmosphere is wonderful It's just a beautiful anf fun decor. The service is not as attentive and you need to ask questions ( Are refills free? etc ) because they might not tell you. The chicken parm was a disappointment  last time we went ( Pounded down flat to make it look bigger, gimmee a break) and the salad was smaller than usual ( I would not have ordered had I known). However the mousakka rocks , the iced tea is good and you can't beat 25% off night.

1) lacks originality: As evidenced by their display of all of Ottolenghi's cookbooks, they are basically serving you someone else's recipes with nothing more, nothing less. It's a bit of a rip off, and as much as I enjoy zhoug (or "s'rug")... I have some in my fridge that I also made from "Jerusalem". The hummus was fine, but rather plain. Inspiration is one thing... But this... I don't know guys.

Music was LOUD and they id you before they even let you in.What I thought was cool that has nothing to do with this place at all is that Corey from Pawn stars and his wife ended up being seated behind us

Their best dish here is butter chicken: tandoori chicken in a butter, cream sauce, and their gulab jamun.

The friends came back to back after and the girl who took the orders started complaining... She couldn't follow the orders. I know it's not easy but pls don't do it front of the customers.First of all it was a reservation so I didn't really understand why they couldn't put someone there who is ready for this kind of job and pressure also.The girl was nice except when she was making faces...

-and the mother of Colombian plates, the Bandeja Paisa ('ban-deh-ha pie-sah).  A huge platter (enough for 2) of grilled steak (thin, but tasty), chicarron, red kidney beans, white rice, chorizo (choh-ree-zoh), fried ripe plaintain and a fried egg.To be continued...Wanting to expand my culinary reach I decided to drop in here and try a little something. The waitress is Fabulous, very friendly and informative-she offered me this empanada for FREE and made me this beverage from scratch!!! Lots of plantains in Colombian food from what I understood. alot like cuban and some hispanic cuisine but with a little varied flavors. It was interesting but not something I'd go out of my way for again. The drink was really good a little heavy like a smoothie but good.I revisited this restaurant recently and the empanadas were as delicious as usual, but it was really busy and there was like only one women taking orders and another women cooking so everything took forever! I felt really bad for her because I heard that the other girl that was supposed to come called in sick last minute, but I think in the future ill just call ahead and order my empanadas to go heheTalk about an interesting spot. It was my cousin's birthday and she loves salsa dancing, so we found this place late on a Saturday night. Walking up to the entrance, it was a little confusing. We were looking for a dance club and it looks like a Mom & Pop sandwich shop. One of my cousins made the comment that it felt like a Speakeasy. He's right on. The entrance to the "club" part is through some doors to the side that are "guarded" by a guy in dark clothing. I put quotes around "guarded" because it's not like he was checking IDs or anything.Anyway, the dance floor was fun. Most of us aren't much in the way of salsa dancers, but we all managed to have a good time. The only problem I had at the time was when the waitress came over for drink orders. I wanted something basic, like a gin and tonic, but she didn't understand what I was asking for. I'm not dinging them for that; I'm just mentioning it. We ended up just getting Sprites and strange coconut-flavored sodas. I wouldn't mind trying some sort of Colombian alchoholic beverage. If only I knew what one was.This resturant has delicious Colombian food!! I will rate the food 4 stars. As for the service, the waitress was absolutly terrible! Unsociable, didn't speak English, I had to order in Spanish, there was one waiter that was an old woman who was waiting on 4 tables. One family came in and seated themselves, they were handed menu's and sat for 25 minutes, then left. We were about to leave but I really wanted my family to taste Colombian food. The table next to us was a group of 6 ladys.. And they were all furious too! They said they had been waiting 3 hours . The survice sucks!!!Decent restaurant, family-friendly.  Empanadas were delicious, everything else was not bad but not outstanding.Note: they play music here very loud in the dining room/cabaret area.  Also, karaoke started while we were there, which was fine with us but may not be for everyone.Check for 4 adults and 4 children was about $85.  We used a restaurant.com $25 coupon but I don't know if that was before or after the coupon because someone else paid.Great empanadas. Service not so great.  Waited for about 15 mintues after being seated.  The place is so tiny, I don't understand how the person could forget about me when he passed my table every single time he attended another table.  I go ONLY for empanadas.  The rest of the food is okay.  Empanadas are awesome.This was a nice experience...best way to explore a culture is to try their food...and we did just that at this place. The server was very helpful. Only down side is the service is slow , after we finished eating it took like another fifteen minutes just to get the check. Anyway we enjoy the food, we might be back later on to try the rest of the menu.The food was great! full of authentic flavors, the portions were satisfying, the waitress was friendly but the setting is not pretty.  Considering the prices, not the most expensive but not cheap either, I spect to be seated in an air-conditioned dining room and not in the middle of a convenience store, next to an open door with the Las  Vegas heat engulfing the entire space making everyone uncomfortable.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed shopping for their goodies imported from Colombia after finishing my meal, but seating in the same area is just not comfortable.Service is excellent! Food is very fresh, appetizers are the best we weren't impressed so much with the actual meal

Lemonade

Also, frites should be nummy fries, not rock hard tiny, and crunchy teeth-breaking

* nice ambience* short wait in line compared to other Vegas spotsAn everyday cafe with a fancy ambiance and inflated prices.  Had a fine time, menu was good, food was good.  Just irked me that its no different ultimately than a cafe you'd find in any hotel casino, but bc it's Aria it has to be over the top and priced to match.  If you want your pedestrian life to feel a little like you are high society but not break your meager bank account then definitely dine here.Came here for breakfast almost everyday during my stay here in the hotel. great selections for breakfast and the food quality and service are great. I liked this place a lot but have to say the price is a bit high compare to other places. 7.50 for fresh OJ and $4 dollars for extra 2 pieces of white toast....ouch!I can only give three stars because of the prices...yikes!!!  Other than that, the service was flawless, the food was delicious, and the ambiance is lovely.  We dined for breakfast with 5 people.  Average price for a breakfast was over $15.  Yowsa!  I ordered chicken fried steak and eggs.  Price tag $18.  Caveat:  probably the best chicken fried steak I've ever had.  2 eggs were cooked perfectly and the biscuit was fluffy and delicious.  Hash browns were ok.  Momma had eggs benedict - $20.  She said they were great. We also had a waffle - $13.  It was tasty.The floor to ceiling windows provide an excellent view.Mmmm Cafe Vettro... You're a 3.74 in my book, but I still can't round you up.As many others have said, the service here (albeit friendly) is slow. I can't imagine what it would be like when the place is packed. Food wise, my meal was really good! I got the grilled vegetable burrito, available under the speciality sandwich section - haha. Three words: more Oaxaca cheese. This is what makes the burrito people. Ask for extra, trust. At $14, it's a wallet thinner.Since you are already spending an arm, you might as well spend a leg on their juice. The watermelon juice was very good. I would come back just for the juice.This is was the first time I bothered to read their menu/info tablet and this place is open 24 hours. Good to know at 4 am when everything else in Aria seems to be closed.Conveniently located inside hotel Aria. Beautiful decor with tall glass windows letting in lots of light in the day time. However, food is a bit mediocre compared to the style it portrays.Had a late night snack with my buddy. Ordered from the late night menu (11AM to 6PM).

Our waitress was very pleasant

Security, wait staff etc. seemed attentive and polite. I had a better time @ MDC overall.WR isn't bad, it's just not great.I like this place because it's close to my house. At .45 an ounce it's pretty expensive compared to yogurtland and a couple other froyo shops. The froyo itself is pretty good, you can tell its a little watery because when you dispense it into the cup it starts to melt. The original tart could be more tart. However the fruits are fresh and the shop is clean and tidy inside. I'll stop by this place on my way home from work or if driving to townsquare to get yogurtland is too far.Went to this place recently, I give it 3 stars because the service wasn't that great. The guy was on the phone, and didn't seem too friendly. The yogurt they offer was pretty good, not too sweet. I did see that they offered two different mochi's that was pretty cool. Overall clean, poor service, typical frozen yogurt flavors.This place is pretty close to my house, a nice walk to the Southern Highlands shopping center where they have a Smith's and other small restaurants, the only thing is that although convenient to where I live, pretty much all the food places here are about a 2-3 star restaurants including Tutti Bella, they don't have as many flavors as Yogurtland in Town Square and I don't think they had as many toppings either.  I do enjoy the cleanliness and freshness of the fresh fruit though and added a star for their frequent buyers card.  * My yogurt of choice here is cheesecake and chocolate topped with mochi , crushed almond roca, corn flakes and sprinkled with almond powder.....yum!Cellblock used to be called the Padlock in which I would lovingly refer to as the "maxi pad".. well it's the same dark scary bar it's always been. If you like the filthy piggy type action this is certainly the place. Oh but at 2am when the lights come up and you can see who you've been cruising all night.. scary! Don't miss pitri dish corner, also lovingly named for its you know, where the zippers come down and the cultures grow. I once witnessed a circle jerk in this place! No I wasn't in the middle either.. I was in the corner in the fetal position sucking my thumb! Ewww, on the floor.. probably would have been cleaner in the middle of the circle jerk!Anyhoo.. the front part of the bar is alright.. better lighting.. also the bartenders pour strong and flirt well! Woof!GREAT MARGARTAS!  Still, I'm not a fan of chain restaurants.  If you're looking for really authentic Mexican, don't go here- BUT this place isn't bad if you just want some Mexican cuisine.  I've been here with friends and family and the margaritas always make it a good time.  My food has never been that memorable though.Bueno Queso...Tex Mex style.  I like it a lot and it is 1/2 price apps before 6:30.  Our service was super slow, but overall a descent experience.  I enjoyed the wild mushroom enchis.This is a solid three for me.  We went for happy hour last thursday and had a couple of margaritas, the tune appetizer, which was very good. We also had the shrimp tostadas, this was not bad, but neither exceptional.  It was just competent.  The prices during happy hour are great.  The service was not that great, though.  When we got there, we sat at the bar.  There were a couple of servers/bartenders? at the end having a conversation.  I kept making eye contact and they saw us, but kept going on with their talk.  Finally the other bartender who was there got to us.  All in all, this is a good place to go when you have some time to kill during happy hour. We used to come here a ton a few years ago.  I guess when you are single this is one of the spots to hit.Met cousins from Illinois for lunch last Wed. Satoutside..lovely day. Kind of a mixed review for me...I had the Diablo Pasta..quite good. Others enjoyed their food as well. Husband had the Almond Joy cheesecake...WONDERFUL..very rich and delish. My cousin had a chocolate cakey thing that he said was great. I was terribly disappointed in the margaritas...small in size..almost tasteless and a very very skimpy portion for the price..better margaritas @ Chili's for goodness sake. Also found the server a bit over the top. I know it's her job to upsell but according to her the margaritas were the best around..all the food was marvelous...just a bit too exuberant for me. All in all a good experience.3 stars because the service at the Bar made me mad.  I went in with a girlfriend on a Friday at 2p and waited too long to be greeted (obviously, my opinion) and I would not use the word attentive at all to describe the bartender.  I really liked the food, I had the mushroom enchiladas and thought they were awesome! Also, if you go with a margarita add chambord to it for an extra, sweet zing! Yummy food, just disappointed in the Bartender.I come here about once a month after work with a coworker. It's between our homes and the noise level is just right for our "shop talk". Generally we sit in the bar at a 2 top for a couple hours and have about 2 drinks each. I haven't noticed any happy hour prices that apply to us, as I drink wine, and she top shelf Gin. Maybe we get some type of deal, but it doesn't seem like it. That hasn't seemed to deter us. We usually spend about $24.00.The only problem I have had is sometimes the bar is full and we can't get a seat. We then ask to be sat in the dining area and have been denied because we "aren't eating". I guess I somewhat get that, but it's not like there was a wait and the tables were even half full. Maybe we should have not even mentioned we weren't planning to eat and then just never ordered!Their food is a-okay, but my friend doesn't eat at restaurants as she has a strict diet at home. We don't stay long enough for me to really even be hungry and last I looked there weren't any very appealing Veg options anyhow.So, a couple times we have had to leave. Seems pretty silly to me to turn away customers. Especially regulars.Oh well, we still keep coming back, so I guess Z'Tejas wins in the end!The service really is attentive and friendly.Meh.So apparently Z just added wine to their happy hour or I have never been offered the special in 2+ years. I'm not sure. Our waitress we had was one whom we had not been served by in the past and she said they had always been on special! If so Z' Tejas owes me about $300.00. Anyhow, the house wines were 3 dollars a glass last week as opposed to the usual 6 or 7. This made me pretty excited for future, though a little confused about the past.This was my first trip to this location and I don't think ill be back. Margaritas great.

all passed muster, each checked out

30 dollars for a ticket to get in is not a bad price at all

The food was more than a sports bar, but they had great variety including vegan options.  We enjoyed the shrimp flatbread.Great atmosphere with tons of TV's and ample places to sit; major bonus- you can sit outside with your dog! I loved the cute dog bone designed flight and dry erase beer ordering system. Prices were a little on the high side for a neighborhood bar but the awesome service made up for it. We ordered the pretzel to start which had a surprisingly good mustard sauce. The seasonal Pale Ale came a little on the bitter side but was definitely my favorite. My boyfriend enjoyed the Dark Ale with just a hint of chocolate/ espresso taste. We also filled our growler and they offered to give us another growler of their design if we paid for a second refill! Now that's an awesome dealPretty solid 3 stars here. Nothing extraordinary but nothing really disappointing either. There are better brewpubs in the area though. The drinks were good and the one I had was really strong. The potato soup was all right, but I feel like Paradise Bakery has better bread bowls. Fish and chips were decent, and there was an all right beer selection.

Sheets wreak of bleach

On the positive, parking was a cinch. It was $5 to park right next to the arena, and the workers were helpful with the directions to the Will Call. Once inside, the security was a joke. They used a metal detector on us, and it said I was clear with keys and a camera in my pockets. Good thing I didn't bring a weapon!It's a good place to catch a basketball game, but I wouldn't want to see another concert here.Cool building, but the food is the most boring I've ever seen.I was expecting more from their Winter Lights Festival and was completely underwhelmed. Sure, the half-million eco-friendly lights look cool. But, I was thinking they would have different holiday scenes depicted throughout the place -- like a giant santa display in lights, an LED display of reindeer or something like that. Instead they just wrap the lights around trees along their walkways. At least tickets aren't too pricey at $8 per person. There are some fun things for kids to check out. Kids can meet Santa (and their wasn't a line at all... much better than trying to see Santa at the mall where the wait can be a couple hours). Pix w/ the big guy are free with your own camera or you can pay $10 for them to take a picture and get a print. There's also a sleigh ride and train ride that kids might like (for an additional fee).The landscaping and architecture of Springs Preserve is gorgeous. I'm sure it looks more impressive during the day. I'll probably come back to check out their exhibits and hiking but I probably won't be back for the Winter Lights Festival. If you want to check out cool xmas lights the Magical Forest at Opportunity Village off of Oakey Blvd. is a lot more fun for both adults and kids.Very reasonable price for locals at $9.95. The birds of prey presentation was very good. The people who work or volunteer at the park have very little knowledge about what is happening or where it is located. Many of the animals are sleeping or hiding under rocks so that was disappointing and lots of interactive things were either out of service or closed. There is currently an exhibit about the space program and that was educational. I might or might not go back.We decided to head off the strip as we were tired of the glamor, smoke, and craziness on President's Day Weekend.Based on the Yelp reviews, we thought this place would be awesome. However, I would say the out-of-state admission price during the winter is somewhat steep considering what you get. Yes, it is totally nice to have a different culture outside of the lights and glam. However, the gardens were in disrepair (we were there in mid February; maybe some of the items are just doormat in the winter). The Origins, Sustainability, and State Museums were interesting, but most of the exhibits were geared towards kids. A good place to bring your family. If you are in desperate need of a "vacation" from the strip and have a car, head over here. I wouldn't say it is a "must see" though.Suffice it to say that I wish Springs Preserve was as good as the concept, but in reality this is essentially just a paid-admission public park.  $9.95 for NV residents and their families with great discounts on memberships I'm happy to support the vision of the team behind the preserve and I even enjoyed the Davinci exhibit for a little while, but when it comes right down to it there is not much to bring you back here after a single visit save for the occasional concert in the park.I'm going to write a review even though I never made it past the ticket counter. Therefore this review will cover policy and not the preserve itself. After checking admission prices on their website ($18.95 per adult) I decided to go to the preserve to take pictures. At the ticket window I was told the price was $26.95. When I pointed out the price quoted online I was told they were charging an additional $8.00 per adult because it was the "Ice Cream Festival." I decided to leave instead of starting an argument. I suggest that you call and ask about prices before driving out to the preserve and potentially wasting your time.My wife went there recently during the week with a few friends. It was a Monday afternoon. She said it was not what she expected. It was a neat experience but not as many animals as she thought. 10 bucks to get in for locals and that seemed kinda steep after she got in and realized how minimal the park was.  Also it was over 100 degrees and there was not a drop of water to be had. Every water fountain she stopped at....it said out of order.  This is very dangerous for visitors. They should have water available st all times.It was pretty but there seem to be nobody working there, and things were arranged in a weird way, anyway the biggest disappointment was the butterfly habitat, we asked before purchasing the ticket if it was worth it, the cashier said that there were about 500 butterflies, we get in and we find approximately 30 and in the description there were 6 different types and we only saw 2, I don't mind to see only little butterflies but at least don't lie to meA bit overpriced but worth checking out. The cost is about $18 a person for non-Nevada residents which is a bit steep but the museum has interesting exhibits including the history of Vegas, the changes in geology over millions of years (Vegas was once an ocean), and an interactive exhibit on what it's really like to experience a flash flood. When I was there, they also had a seasonal exhibit on deadly plants that was worth checking out.They also have a 2 mile bike trail which is worth a look, it's a little expensive at $8 plus the cost of your admission but offers a look at a marsh in the middle of the desert and a scenic overlook.It's only about 5 miles from the Strip (you can even see Stratosphere from here) but you feel like you're removed from the city.Nice place to go to get outside. Maybe there's something wrong w me but I can't see the need for a yearly pass. I think we saw everything and were there about 3 hours. My boy that's 5 had fun but didn't care about a lot of the exhibits. I will probably wait another few years before going again. I am pregnant and think it would be best to wait till my baby is about 3.We came to check out the chocolate exhibit that we've been hearing about on the radio and it was a nice day to be outdoors.   The entrance to get into the entire preserve including the exhibit was $10/ person, not bad!   The chocolate exhibit itself was OK,  I wish it was a little bit bigger and the biggest let down was that there was no chocolate at the end.   It was such a tease to smell all the chocolate throughout the exhibit and not have any to eat?!?  Well at least I learned about the history/production but I still felt that there could've been more.   At the end of the exhibit you can go outdoors and learn about the history of the tribes of last Vegas,  which then led to the animal portion.   I didn't expect a huge exhibit of animals since we were in the dessert but it was still kinda cool.   There were smaller u sings with exhibits about recycling and water preservation which was neat, lots of kids playing with the interactive activities on this section.   Went outside to check out the gardens,  after all the walking around we got hungry so head to the cafe.   It was about 1pm and the line was long,  by the time we got told the front, the cashier told us it was a 30 min wait for food.   It would've  been nice to know that before waiting in line.   We decided to leave the preservation and eat somewhere else.   We figured  our day at the preservation was about done anyway, not bad for $10!I'd say this place is pretty underwhelming. I heard people raving about it and looked on Yelp and especially at the pictures and it didn't look like there was all that much there. So we decided to go check it out anyway and yep, not a ton there. Not to say it isn't nice because it is. Especially the buildings and structures which look like new construction...which may explain the ticket prices. The organization of the place is odd. You seemed to be herded in odd directions to make your trek to point X from Y longer such that you think there's more to the place. The signage is frustrating...they point you in a direction for the butterfly pavilion or something but then never mention it again. So you're left looking at your map which makes the place seem much bigger than it is, thus a tiny trail looks like a major thoroughfare on the map - which is confusing until you calibrate yourself.The grounds are well maintained and the desert flora is nice but there's not a ton of variety. Sorry to sound like an elitist but I've seen much more complex and expansive botanical gardens. Based on the simplicity and ruggedness of desert plants I think they could easily expand and improve the desert section without too much additional care & feeding required. The museum portions are good for kids as there are lots of interactive displays. They have other interactive things going on on certain days or weekends. A few of these require additional payment (like a lot of things: butterflies, train ride, etc).Went today and tried their train ride which was really a waste of money. I promised myself to not even try anymore going to any botanicals since this is not my cup of tea.

"Yeah, bring out a chicken dish or something else non-seafood."

Our friend got the bouillabaisse. It was delicious but smallish for the price.Came here with my partner to have dinner. He got the Quail stuffed with sweet bread served with foie gras on toast; while I had the Duck confit on Risotto. The duck confit was tender and nicely done. However, I was very disappointed with the Risotto. It was very salty and also not done. My partner's quail was better in my opinion. The foie gras was probably my favourite though. Rich and great on the bread. The atmosphere of the restaurant is dim and cozy. Next time I would try more of their seafood just to see if there's a difference.Slooooooooooow service. Visiting from sf, decent food.Good ambient and waiters are friendly.

   I'll be fair and square--

Maybe I went on an off day. Or maybe they have the power of a funny radio show to influence traffic.The staff was very friendly! The food could have been better. I had a high expectation after trying out Rudy's and hearing good things about this place. I feel the meat lacked in flavor. Pricing was also a bit on the high side for what you get. Probably won't be going back here unless Ruby's goes out of business..Let me first start off by saying I am not the biggest fan of BBQ, but my family is. This place  offers a nice variety on the menu including some burgers and meatloaf. They also have a decent tap beer selection. I think they tend to be a bit heavy handed with the salt salt and the rest of my family thought so too.The service here is great. They are fast and attentive, but not not pesty. Lastly, the prices are reasonable and a pretty solid choice.Mixed feeling about this place.. 1. Heard LOTS of great things via word of mouth... But after this experience, I reached back to those promoting this place to me, to find out the original opening n quality of this place hasn't withstood the same quality and most of my peers wouldn't go back.. A+ - Kiltlifter on TAP (even though AB bought them out.. good to see still available at most locations. Appetizer: Fried Pickles. (DON'T DO IT) extremely Salty. non edible salty,,, just gross... Daughter got the BBQ Nachos, which other than a huge mess of sour cream on top, these were pretty tasty, and might come back just for this.. (and kiltlifter.. lol) The "Nachos" are actually thick potato chips, great flavor and concepts... most likely biggest reason for 3 stars..2 Meat Combo. Pulled pork and brisket.. Pulled pork, decent flavor and was juicy enough to not NEED added sauce,,, pretty good stuff a lil bit above average here. n might use this for a return visit with those nachos. But the Brisket.. Ehhhh, not impressed at all,  decent flavor on the edges, but so dry in the middle,Finally, asking for a togo box for the nachos, waitress stared at the uneaten full bowl of pickles and not one peep about them... Kept my mouth shut as lesson learned, but commented on the Check when i paid.. Most likely unless a good friend says to try this place again, I wouldnt waste my time here..Took a vacay to Arizona recently with the boyfriend for our anniversary. He was craving some BBQ while we were there so we decided to stop at Porkopolis, plus it was restaurant week and decided to take advantage of their 3 course meal menu for $44 a couple! Great deal right!? Well let me tell you...the service was really bad! I mean it was Memorial Day weekend and it was pretty packed and they only had 2 servers throughout the whole restaurant but still no excuses. It took a long time for a server to take our orders and then hand us water. I literally had to flag them down by raising my hand multiple times. Now onto the food! The food portions was great for $44! For starters we had the Pork Rinds which were good but nothing special. For our main entree, the boyfriend had the 3 meat platter while I had the Big Kahuna Porkloin. My Porkloin was amazing and I finished the whole thing because I'm a fatty! And the boyfriend said his food was good also but he honestly told me that he had better. Which was true! I tasted pieces of his food and I have great love for brisket but when I took a bite of his brisket..it did not leave a good impression in my mouth. Maybe they cook it differently in Arizona but in California where I'm from, the briskets I had over here are moist, tender and easily tear. For dessert, we ended up getting the Sweet Potato Pancake Stack with Vanilla Ice Cream to share and OMG IT WAS THE BOMB! I'm still craving for another stack till this day! Oh and I forgot to mention about their Moonshine Cocktails. I decided to order their Redneck Kool-Aid which brought me back to my childhood days drinking lots of Kool-Aid during the summer, without the Moonshine of course! The drink was refreshing and great for the Arizona heat!Overall the service sucked but the boyfriend gave a generous tip anyways and the food was ok which in turn I gave 3 stars on this yelp review.Meh, service is good sauces were not my favorite, think I'll stick with Dickeys or TomsThey should call this place Saltopolis because everything was dramatically oversalted.  I tried the brisket and pulled pork. My wife tried the turkey and chicken. Of course, we shared a few bites with each other.For what it's worth, I will say the pulled pork was really good and they have GREAT sauce. It's really wonderful stuff. But the meat itself was just ok and way too salty (other than the pulled pork).  The chicken was also overcooked and dry.  Maybe a bad day for the chicken? Who knows.It's decent food with larger portions, but it's a bit on the pricey side.  There are cheaper options that are just as good and there are options with the same price that are a lot better. It just simply wasn't good enough to warrant a $50 price tag for two, two meat combos and 2 drinks.1 Star: It exists

Thankfully I didn't pay a whole lot for the room on Hotwire.

A short wait was no issue we got a a text when the table was ready my daughter wants to be a chef and was sooo stoked to be here. She loves guy vs Rachel's kids cook off. As a former chef I was giddy too. It's an odd layout and ambiance. Is it a bar? A BBQ joint? Country western or Rock?  No clue the menu is basically burgers and sandwiches. No kids menu soo 13 bucks a kid or more.  We got the tripleT fries the triple D burger the dragon fries and the double barrel wings . We'll the food on par omg so good but from the loud music the squished seating and it was uncomfortable the messed up a beer order which we'll can pass.  The two shining lights in this place was our server Christopher and the flavor of the food.  The ambiance was hectic rushed and stressful the only working pos was outside sooo 30degree weather shooting

- children get a magna doodle to draw on,- the wait staff is very nice,- the restaurant is very clean - it's brand new, so that's expected,

India- tastes like plain Talking rain

*The convenience store near the elevators was a LIFE SAVER

*The fact that I realized I am too old to dress like a cheap hooker and stay out until 5 a.m. That being said, I do love how modern this hotel is...as long as I'm not paying for it.This review is strictly for the casino.Wish I could give an extra half a star but I can't :(. This place isn't quite 4 stars just because it's pretty much like any other casino, and some of the dealers seem to enjoy taking your money. No I don't get bitter when I lose money, but when a dealer takes pleasure out of it, it is kind of a punch in the face. No matter soon enough I will be drunk and numb to the pain. The extra half star I would have awarded would have to be because they are the only casino that I've seen that offer double deck blackjack where dealer stands on soft 17. My understanding is that these are better odds than most blackjack games you can find on the strip.  The only caveat to this is these tables usually have 50 dollar minimums and 100 on busy weekends. Oh well bet big to win big right?OH YEAH and they had 5 dollar craps tables while I was there so not too pricey all around.Some dealers here are actually really cool too always helping you out with getting drinks for the servers and even worry about you drinking a lot of alcohol by requesting extra water bottles which is great since they aren't cutting me off either.The following review is my personal experience of visiting the Aria as a walk-in, not an overnight guest. I was killing time checking out the strip and doing some people watching while my sister was seeing a show at the Bellagio. Pros:+ They have a really pleasant scent they spray in the front lobby area, makes for a nice aromatic first impression

Wanted the chopped salad but it's not actually chopped ....?? The counter guy didn't even know what the difference between a chopped salad and a normal salad was.... Pretty sad....Tastes like JITB.  The tables were really dirty.  Wasn't busy at all and nobody cleaning the tables.  I'm glad I brought my own wipes.It was ok. I was not blowen over like I was thinking it would do. I'll give it one more shot.I think I was having lust for new flavors and a mystical tortilla cooking wheel. I don't really like Cafe Rio, I decided. The staff seems pretty flustered/annoyed most of the time. It's nearly impossible to hear what they asking you over how loud the kitchen is. I know there's a lot going on, but if they would just calm down, everything would be a lot better.The drinks still get a big set of stars, though. I love the lemonade and limeade options and horchata if you are into all that. I might try again something I haven't had before, but sadly, it no longer tops my list.Plenty of choices for burritos, tacos, salads, and more. Everything was real fresh. I don't get chicken often but their fire grilled chicken was worth it.I don't get the appeal. I waded thru the Disneyland 'esque line reading the menu board and decided on the salad bowl.  All the while I was thinking this place is just a glorified Chipotle with the assembly line and all. And I'm not too crazy over the food  there either! I don't even frequent the larger chain restaurants, so what the heck am I here in the first place?  Oh! For the supposedly Sweet Pork Barbacoa Salad that I've read is "ahhhmazing", "so awesome". Well I don't know about that, it tasted okay for me. It was sweet though, too darn sugary sweet. Yes the tortillas are fresh but I'm not too crazy about them either. I tore a piece to take a bite and thought it was kind of dry almost brittle like. Mine didn't have any taste to it.

--  each store is set up a little differently: meaning some locations look grungier than others.

This is why my family and I love kohls!!!The Skinny: good deals aplenty but shop online instead because it's hard to find anything in store (3).I never shopped at Kohl's before until this year. But I got suckered into buying stuff by the Hubs who gets Kohl's cash alot (I don't know where...they just sort of keep popping up). I mostly shop for my daughter here and I shop online - not in store because it's a major hassle to shop with a infant in tow. That being said, the online shopping experience leaves a lot to be desired because a lot their clearance stuff is strictly online. You have to ship to the home where they charge you for shipping (lame!). Maybe I am spoiled by REI where if you ship to store, the shipping is free.Shopping online and pick up at the store in theory should be easy however it isn't unusual for the customer service desk to be overwhelmed by returns and you have to wait a while to pick up your stuff.The really good thing is the return policy. If you don't like it, returns are really hassle free. Even better - if the item you purchase is not considered clearance, you can pick out something else for MSRP value from the same department. Nice, right? I bought a clothing item (got it really on sale) for the daughter which was too small and returned it for different item from the same brand. Sweet.All the discounts really aren't that good unless you hit a lucky and get 40% off your purchase on top of a sale and combine it with some Kohl's cash or other promotion discounting.The shirts are awesome (I am a customer), the ties are good, the staff this trip were inattentive and snobbish.  So, three stars, but I will be back and will rerate appropriately.The portions were large, the food was decent. Service was good, but slow.This is a review based on a breakfast burrito, not any of the tacos.  The burrito is very large, a great deal for $4.99.  We had bacon, but you can also get ham.  The bacon was thicker than you typically get in a breakfast burrito, which was nice.  The eggs were overdone, they got very dry.  This was exacerbated by the lack of salsa.  There was a little pico, but next time I'll definitely ask for more.  Overall, the burrito was very dry.  The verde sauce was good and had no heat.  It adds flavor, but if you are looking for some spice get another salsa.We'll definitely return for lunch/dinner, I've heard good things.Ok if you need a toco fix.An OK meal from a place that I'll probably never return to.I usually love this place. I come here pretty often, and usually get the same thing: steak rancheros. But the last couple of times I've been here, I was disappointed. There was hardly ANY steak! There were a few pieces of meat, with mostly green peppers and onions. Definitely not enough to fill me up, and definitely not enough to go with the huge tortilla. I will give it one more try, but if it is the same, I won't come back :(Food was fresh but incomplete.....I have the super nachos and they had no beans or cheese on them... :(   but the chicken was outstanding.Our first visit and I have to say I am not impressed, they were out of tamales at 2:30 on a Saturday, one of the biggest shopping days of the year, they were out of half the soda on the machine, after we had paid for our order they informed us they only had one chicken taco left. They didn't know this before we ordered because honestly being out of 2 of the 3 things we ordered I probly would have changed my mind and went to robertos that at least has what we ordered. I will say the food was good and the place was clean but I'm still not impressed.When I fill up at the pump, space is the place. Open space that is.   This Seven Eleven is located at the southeast corner of Lamb Boulevard at Cheyenne Avenue. It is a location favorable to northbound Lamb Boulevard and eastbound Cheyenne Avenue motorists. It is located off Lamb Avenue where it transitions from a congested city boulevard to a more open arterial passing through an industrial zone.  When I drive from Henderson to my brother's house in North Las Vegas or headed on Interstate 15 to destinations north of the Las Vegas valley, I oftentimes use Lamb Boulevard to avoid the urban freeways. Sometimes I will stop at this Seven Eleven to fuel up on gasoline and a caffeinated beverage. In contrast to the majority or all the fuel stations south of it on Lamb Road, there is an abundance of open space to maneuver a vehicle  in the parking lot which includes the fuel pump islands. When I fuel up, I don't like the feeling of driving a few inches from a vehicle or having to back up to let another car squeeze by. And most of all I don't enjoy having to wait for an available pump. Here I get off Lamb Boulevard and within minutes fuel up the vehicle, pay, and am on my way. In the few minutes I fuel up my car, I am looking at a clean Seven Eleven where graffiti is not carved into the fuel pumps.  This Seven Eleven is more than a convenient fuel stop. Instead of going out of the way to a branch of my bank, the ATM is a convenient place to withdraw money. If I am staying at my brother's house, I might pick up a 24 ounce Bud Ice at a price no more expensive than Albertson's and a snack for later. And if I'm bound for a park, I will pick up bottle water for the adventure and a Big Gulp for the long drive in the desert. Although I don't thank Heaven for Seven Eleven, when I drive northbound on Lamb Boulevard, I appreciate the convenience and open space of the parking lot when fueling up. I have a feeling I will be checking-in here again.Honestly, I'm a little torn on the review for this nail salon.  I decided to stop here in between Christmas shopping instead of my usual place since this is located next to Target.  I did not have to wait to be seated for my gel manicure, which was nice.  The selection of gel colors was small, but this did not bug me very much.  The woman who did my nails was very friendly and efficient.  However, my HUGE peeve was that she used a box of manicure tools with her name on it... I could see residue on the bottom of the container and I am used to places that sanitize their tools and seal them after each use.  The real kicker was that after she trimmed all of my cuticles, she threw the trimmer back into box (cuticles and all).  I can only hope that it gets thoroughly cleaned after!  My gel manicure turned out nice, but 3 days later my thumb nail chipped.  Gel manis typically last me 3-4 weeks, so I am slightly disappointed.  Overall, customer service is great.  I was not overly impressed with the actual nail service that is delivered.I had some time to kill and needed to get a quick mani. I walked in and had no problem getting in which surprised me knowing it was prom. I was immediately greeted by my technician in which he provided water.As time was ticking, it hit me. I have a brand new technician working on me, at least that's what it felt like. I was trying to be as patience as possible but knowing I was on a time constraint killed me. Mind you, he never cleaned under my nails and was shaky. It was now 4:30, and I told him I needed to be out in 10 minutes. It took him 15 minutes to paint my nails which both clear and the color came on thick but he did nothing about.All in all, 50 minutes for a regular manicure is unheard of. The cost of paying for my mani and having it redone later this week, I might as well have had gel.If you don't have a tech that you prefer, I recommend skipping out on this place. You never know you may end up with the same tech as me.This Wendy doesn't stick out any more than other location, nor does it suck more than any other location. It's just in the middle.More often than not, they are very good with the their customer service. Only once was I served cold fries and had I not been through the drive thru, I would have went back and asked them to replace them. It's good fast food, at decent prices.The front-line staff is always very friendly, but the service remains painfully slow.So yes, the waiting is VERY long. I originally had four cavities filled at "Hola Dental". I was in tears on how awful of a job he did (realized after the swelling went away). So after calling corporate, the lady referred me to this office so that my payments would just transfer over. I am very pleased at how he fixed them. The dentist here is great and very kind. Found him to be very alert on making my experience great. Whole staff really friendly.I work up the street from this place.  I was asking my co workers if I should make the walk.  I was feeling like a zombie, so I needed to caffeinate myself ASAP!  So I decided to make the trek to get some coffee.  I am not a star bucks person at all.  I'm all about Dunkin Donuts, which I like to correlate to being on team CoCo.  Dunkin Donuts is down the street but I have to get in my truck and drive.  I ordered an iced mocha latte and sat on the comfy couch and waited for my drink.  I shouldn't of sat on that couch because I didn't want to get out of it.  So I got my drink and I have to say it was pretty tasty.  I guess it better be because I spent $5 on it.  This place has a nice atmosphere and places to sit outside and "kick it" in the district.  I would definitely hang out here if I had a meeting.  The price seems bigger than Starbucks and is way more than Dunkin Donuts.  This will probably be my "I don't want to driver but really want a coffee drink" place to go.  Cheers!Pretty quick trip to The Coffee Bean.  Came here after our lunch at Rachel's Kitchen.  It's no surprise that the District is packed, so I wasn't surprised to see a line in this coffee shop.  The staff was alright, nothing special.  One big turnoff was the fact that one of their own employees not working, was standing right by the drink pick up counter, eating a bagel.  She didn't necessarily block the area, however, you can tell she works there as she stood so close to the back bar.  To me, that's super unprofessional and a huge turn off.  Aside from that, I got the large chilled mocha and loved it.  Maybe next time I will get the smaller size as it ended up being super sweet by the end.  Thick, malty mocha with skim milk.  This drink is about $5.  Definitely a great choice on a hot spring day in Vegas.  Seems weird to say, but the smell of The Coffee Bean attracts me to this place more than Starbucks.  I can't describe it for sure, but I smell more of a gourmet coffee smell which I love.  If it weren't for the little incident I noticed, I would definitely give this place a higher rating.  I'll definitely return for a refreshing chilled mocha!When The Better Half was looking for Coffee during our stay at GVR, she came here to get it.  When they got busy, it was very difficult for them to keep up with the volume of business and it became very slow.  The busier they got, you could tell the girl behind the counter was getting irritated with the customers.The Coffee was very good, just as we remember it.Return Factor - 60%This looks like every other Coffee Bean I've been to (someone needs to re-invest in a decorator and modernize these stores). Coffee is good, baked goods usually look generic and unappetizing. Nice outdoor seating (although since opening the street to traffic it's much less pleasant). If you've been to one Coffee Bean you've been to all...This place is completely hit or miss. I come here one day and have the best ultimate of my life and come here another to the worst. The tables are filthy as are the restrooms on a consistent basis. I wish management could have a training overhaul. The staff can be snippy and rude too- they are always more interested in socializing with eachother - as they are obviously all friends outside of work, as they have ample stories. The short story of this coffee place is why starbucks is winning the coffee bean contracts- inconsistent drinks and rude staffGreat summer (?) promo of half priced all Blended drinks from 3-5 every day!

4 stars for the tasty Hakujin Burger!Next on my to-do list is the Chicken Katsu Burger.  Sounds so plain jane...doesn't it need a new name or what?pretty good.  a bit pricey for burgers on wheels.  i prefer the slider truck.  didn't think my burger was all that tasty, neither were the buns.  loud hip hop music, might steer away avg foodie type folks.I love your burgers, just have some advice for what it's worth.My wife had the mushroom burger, she loved it.  I had  the egg burger.  What I didn't know was that if I take a bite into the burger since the egg is cooked over easy, i spewed yolk everywhere...and if i didnt it will just dribble down.  Maybe a good idea at least for that burger to wrap it in some kind of a waxy paper or something?  like a half burger wrap...also my wife noticed (after eating half) that her burger was a bit red..while i like  that medium kind of meat, she doesnt.  do you guys cook the meat well done if asked?lastly love the fries, but can't they be a little larger in size?  and maybe instead of automatically giving 2 diff sauces, ketchup and honey mustard, ask which sauce the person wants in those 2 cups.again, love the burgers, just some advice from my perspective :)I was at work one day and was reading SEVEN magazine (local magazine for LV), and saw FUKUburger's introduction to LV.  I always thought ANY food truck was fun, and had the good food, and I  still do.  So me and my GF went to go try this place out with high expectations which were met with a little extra.  Most importantly, the portions were big.  But as months passed by, we try this place again and everything seemed so skimpy.  Even the containers for the sauces got smaller. =\Don't get me wrong I still like Fuku Burger, the co-owners are cool as hell and the flavor and culture is definitely there.  But the servings MUST be bigger, the fries are ridiculously small for what you pay for.  I wish they would serve portions like when they first started.  Honestly, their burgers are just a little bigger than McDonalds McDoubles... If they beefed up they're burgers and fries in every way and put less ice in there cups for strawberry lemonade, then I'd give'em 5 stars.Oh, fuku burger. What a colorful and moody character you seem to be.After a night of shenanigans, the boy wanted a treat. Having spotted the illusive Fuku-truck on our way elsewhere, we hoped they'd still be there when we were done. Around 2 AM, they were, and had a big crowd of costumed fans gathering around. Descending upon the Bank of America parking lot, you can hear their music blasting; we arrived to a song about capping people and a chorus of gun-shots and the N-word. Kind of awkward, but whatever. It seems there's a lot of repeat customers or fans that hang around the truck, as there were people parked and hanging out by or in their cars for the entire duration we were there. There was no sense of organization in the line, just a clusterf**k of people mobbing around the lone girl taking orders. We had several people attempt to get in front of us and others asking us where the line ended. Some people stood on the periphery of the cluster and waited for 10+ minutes in the cold in skimpy costumes before getting frustrated and leaving without anything.The music was also so loud that it made ordering a challenge unless you got in the poor girl's face or yelled at her. She took our name and put our order in. When done a guy would scream out your name  from the window, vainly competing with the music. We watched him call for 4-5 people with visibly growing aggrivation. The menu itself was pretty simple, though I know you can customize with eggs or extra patties. We opted for the Karai, or spicy burger, and an order of their garlic fries. We ate the fries on the drive home and had the burger once there. The fries seemed like they were from a box then heavily dosed with their garlic salt. I liked the sauces that came with them, but J thought they were too salty. The fries had decent crunch and heft- they weren't potato needles or massive steak fries.Once we got to the burger, we were disappointed. The burger had flavor but was burnt on the outside and ultra-rare on the inside. Topped with a spicy mayo, another sauce, cucumber, avocado "cream" and a couple of other toppings, it had an interesting combo of textures and flavors to compliment the meatiness, but not enough to save it from being mediocre. The burger may have been more redeemable if the experience/atmosphere of ordering it hadn't put us off. The area around the truck was trashed with half eaten food and debris everywhere. Stickers and photos covered much of the windows and the only insights we had into the kitchen was the irritated guy sticking his head out and yelling at a "mutha fuga'!"to get back in the truck. This is really an instance where the business philosophy shines at the forefront. Compare these fellows to the Slider truck; The boys there sing while cooking, happily greet their customers with enthusiasm & a fist bump, maintain a clean exterior and fairly consistent food preparation. I've had a mediocre slider and forgiven them because they were so pleasant to deal with. The food here has the potential for awesomeness but I just don't want to deal with a disorderly mob to get a burger. EDIT: Bumped a star for owner response :} It's always nice to see a business taking the time to respond to criticisms directly like that.Decided to give this place another chance since every place deserves a second chance. Went here on a cold night after partying, so greasy food just sounded like a dream come true. It wasn't busy at all that's because it was 4 in the morning. They were located on Valley View and Sahara, guess no more China town area. I ordered the spicy burger since I didn't really like the mushroom burger. It was way better, the meat was cooked until I reached the middle (it was totally red like it wasn't cooked) but could be my fault since I should ask for well done, I totally stopped eating it since bloody meat makes me sick.Fantastic that they were close to where I work, rushed over to pick up my lunch here.I must say that 3stars is all that they're getting, they didn't quite live up to their 5* hype.  Straight to the food I ordered a fukuburger & jazz fries, rushed it back to the office & started devouring this beastly morsel. The patty was medium well, I enjoy having a little pink in my meat which melts in your mouth & that's where the fantasy stops, no explosion of flavors nothing exponential new that catches my palate, a very subdued burger which is completely fine just subtly boring possibly due to the hype around it.The jazz fries on the other hand, were absolutely effin fanstastic, only that thick fries don't work too well combined with the gravy, its still pretty good. I would  definitely start having gravy with my fries.In all honesty I wouldn't go out of my way to track this roach coach down for their burgers, I would however be compelled to chase them for their fries. odd...My girl had heard a bunch of good things about this food truck so we went the thursday night and had tamago (egg) burgers, they was super greesy, and was sitting in a bunch of sauce. We did not enjoy it much but the fries were ok. The service was fast and friendly though.Geesh these burgers are so small! The prices seem right at first, but when you get the little baby pattie burger you feel a little robbed. Same with the fry portions. I want to like Fuku a lot. The people who work the truck are all nice and make it a fun experience. But, the burgers aren't all that great. Sorry, Fuku.Fukuburger had the longest line and wait at this month's StrEATS. After a half-hour we finally had a Karai Burger in hand. It was tender and it had good flavor, but I really expected it to be more spicy. It had more of a sweet heat.I'm not too familiar with Japanese hamburgers but Fukuburger's was pretty good.Their 'crack sauce' on their fries made me do a double take.  "I'm sorry, what's on your fries?"  Prices were good too ($5 hamburger, $3 for fries).  Most food truck prices are pretty expensive here in LA.A solid 3.5 / 5 starsThis place has been on my list to try for what seems to be eons.  I fell in love with the allure of Las Vegas food trucks about six months ago and due to the limited time that I had, I wasn't afforded the opportunity eat at Fukuburger.  That all changed Saturday night and sadly, it didn't live up to the hype surrounding it in my opinion.  The burger was good, don't get me wrong, it just wasn't the out of body experience that everyone made it out to be.I completely loved the atmosphere of the place.  I was able to make it to "Saturday Night Food Fest" or whatever its called in front of Johnny Rocker's and was very impressed with the layout and the overall ambiance.  It was close to 2 in the morning and people were talking, laughing and just having a great time overall.  There were five food trucks in the parking lot and I had decided to try Fukuburger based on the fanfare it received from all of their patrons.  Again, this burger was good, I don't want to detract from the quality because I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It just wasn't otherworldly as many others proclaimed it to be.  I ordered the #3 and was pleased with the pricing and the speed in which I received my food.  The #3 is their Buta or "Pig" Burger and it included Applewood Smoked Bacon, American Cheese, Onion, Pickled Ginger and their version of a Japanese BBQ Sauce.  I found the burger to be small and overly messy.  It tasted fine, but I really couldn't taste the flavor of the meat itself because it was slathered with a ton of sauce, which often times hides the quality of the meat.I will most certainly give Fukuburger another chance when I return to Vegas in a couple of months, but for now, it's pretty good, nothing more, nothing less.The Vegas 'street meat' scene has really taken off as of late, I've heard plenty buzz around the Fukuburger truck, Slidin' Thru... but how good can a burger be that is made in a dirty-ish, probably re-commissioned vehicle? In this case, actually not too bad.To start off I must be fair, the Vegas truck scene isn't just about burgers, there are grilled cheese trucks, buns, and even clothing. Of course my main thing is burgers, so that's pretty much all I care about at this point. This whole food truck scene is a bit pretentious for me, I don't appreciate having to get to one of their locations early, only to stand in line and fight to hopefully get a burger before they sell out. If I have to work too hard for my burger, then you're never going to get me to eat one. Oh and let's not forget that almost every food truck scene I've been around in Vegas has been attended primarily by our entire high school population. I tried one time to actually be at Fuku's scheduled locations, and by the time I got there they were sold out as predicted. This is the reason it's been almost a year since that time, and the only reason I ate one last week is because I happened to be on Fremont St right where they were. And good luck trying to find where they will be, if you can navigate their fairly awful, Myspace-like website, their schedule isn't always up to date so finding where they will be tonight may not always be possible unless you are also following them on Twitter or some other social media site.As for the décor, in this case we can only really mention the truck itself as they don't have a fixed location at this point. The truck is fairly clean looking, aside from the loads of stickers, and slight grime on the shelves which you can maybe see in the background of the burger closeups. There is a hot girl taking your orders in the midst of slight madness. There seems to be some planned method for order placement and pickup, but the drunks on Fremont don't quite allow this to flow smoothly, neither do the homeless that are assaulting you for an add to your order for them. Also, the megaphone that's used to call out your name could probably stand for a replacement as whatever they are saying is hardly intelligible, and a decorative ring around the front edge fell off while I was there. Still, this is all part of the overall feel of getting food off of a food truck, so the overall mystique and character are quite fun. Plus I happened to catch this on Fremont st, which is my favorite place in Vegas.The burger itself was surprisingly good. Although it looked nothing like the picture on the menu, it had great flavor and was quite fresh. The meat didn't have amazing flavor on its own, but wasn't bad by any means and still better than some sit down restaurants I've been to lately. The bun was grilled as well, had decent flavor, and was proportioned well, all considering it's of the more 'typical' variety. The lettuce was, well, lettuce. The Fuku sauce was lacking a little flavor, but maybe there just wasn't enough. The bacon was pretty tasty, although maybe a bit soggy on mine. The American cheese was ok, but most importantly melted, which is something that many restaurants can't seem to do somehow. Overall this is a good burger, similar to a Bachi burger in its Asian theme, although this doesn't quite come close to that freshness and overall tastiness.The fries are nothing to write home about, I think I got them garlic seasoned or something, but they just seemed to be out of a frozen packet sprinkled with some garlic seasoning. I don't know if I would expect them to have a full setup to make amazing fries on this truck though, for their focus and main attention should be the burgers. I'll leave that up to the fry truck whenever someone unveils it.Overall, this burger is good, and you could do a lot worse in town. The scene isn't for everyone though, many people would prefer to sit down in a clean restaurant and get their food without having to fight for it. But if you're into the 'cultural' scene of Vegas, enjoy eating your meat on a sidewalk surrounded by drunken hipsters in 100 degree weather, then definitely get your Fuku on. Just make sure you get there early or you'll be let down.I've been quite a few times since they've been here in Vegas. For the most part, I love the taste. But dislike the overpriced everything or sogginess when the sauce gets absorbed in the buns. Always great service though! I dont recommend their strawberry lemonade. However, I'll remain one of their, "here & there" type of customer. Taste & service truly can bring you back!It's more hype than anything. The way people chase this truck down is funny because the burgers are just a little bit over "ok". I'm assuming the people that are in love with these burgers typically eat McDonalds and Burger King most of their life.Fuku You Fuku Me Fuku Everybody- Are you fukuing looking at me? Fuku Motherfuku Fukuing feels so good to Fukuing vent....Whew, now that I got that out of the way on to the review-Finally tried this truck at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest-

- Die Portionen an sich könnten größer sein

This was basically a naked freak show... and I'm sorry I don't get turned on by trannies in lingerie or muscle men cage fighting and then making love to one another on stage.

Now we only ate here once, the food was really good and the service was great. We discussed our experience after the meal and honestly we have been more impressed with Doan and Ben Thanh so no I would NOT rate Lang Van the best hands down yada yada.But this was only one single meal and the cooking was certainly tasty enough to be in the ballpark (if not in the lead). I wouldn't lose sleep over which one is "the best" in this case.  If you like Vietnamese then you'll enjoy dining at any of those three restaurants, we do.We went to Lang Van on our first night in Charlotte.  It was decent, but not much more.  When Im trying a Vietnamese restaurant out of town, my first instinct is to scan the menu for a short list of exoticisms, barring those precious few cant misses, like the elusive Bun Bo Hue and Com Tam Bai Mo, I like to perform an apples to apples comparison, usually starting with the staples of Pho and Summer Rolls.  Neither of these were particularly noteworthy.  There was nothing wrong with either, they just were kind of bland.  I didnt sense any additional restaurant specific taste modifications to the Pho, which I love by the way.  It was just a decent straight down the middle bowl.  Same for the summer rolls.  I was torn between giving this place a 2 or a 3, its really a 2.5  If I was hungry and I happened to by driving right by it, I would not hesitate to pull in and grab a bowl of Pho, I just wouldn't drive across town for it.  If you're on the hunt for a destination Vietnamese meal, go to Ben Thanh.We ate our last meal in Charlotte for our Christmas vacation here.  The place was decorated really festively for the holidays.  The ambiance was warm, welcoming, and vibrant.  It was really busy during lunch time, and the tables were turning over rapidly.  Despite crowd, we were greeted immediately after walking through the door and seated pretty quickly.Hubby and brother split the spring rolls as an appetizer.  They were nice enough to cut the 2 rolls into 4 pieces for the table, but my mom and I decided to wait for our dishes.  Our server didn't even need to write down our orders.  Hubby and I started with the Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk.  The ratio of milk to coffee was a little too much.  I guess I could have not mixed the entire thing together.I had the vermicelli noodles with the shrimp on sugar cane and imperial rolls (fried pork rolls) which was delicious.  The portion was just right and I devoured the entire thing.  Mom had a different noodle dish which had all the sauce already mixed, which was a little surprising.  It was almost more an Americanized version of beef and broccoli.  Looking around, it was definitely a place that catered to non-Asian customers..it had to be being in the heart of Charlotte!  Both Hubby and brother had different versions of the beef pho.  The broth was flavorful.  The meal was a nice, healthier way to end our week long holiday vacation.LAAAAAME.They looked a little annoyed that we came in at 9, even though they close at 10. $5.60 for a pot of tea for 4.$46.32 total for 3 bowls of hu tieu, and an order of spring rolls. 2 of us ordered the "house special" (dac biet), but our three bowls looked exactly the same. Think, 70% soup, 25% noodles, and 5% meat. I've attached a picture of my bowl upon arrival for reference.Pass this place, folks!The food  is good. You will not be disappointed. The staff is friendly. The menu is not very surprising. I can't say it is an amazing restaurant. It is just good and overpriced for what they offer. I ordered a meal number 45. I got noodles, 4 pieces of crab, a tiny piece of beef and a tiny spring roll. The size was just right to feel not hungry, but not too full. It tasted really good. But for almost 13$ you sort of expect a little more than noodles, 4 crabs, a tiny roll and a tiny piece of meat. The meal literally cost them not more than 1.50$ -2$ to prepare.I wished they had more soup varieties in smaller bowls as entrees. I don't want to pay 10$ and get a huge soup as I don;t always like to make a soup to my main dish. Also, I wished they had more authentic salads, like a lotus stem salad. However, the place is clean, it was recommended to me, the staff is very friendly and make sure you have a good experience.The food tastes well.Get there on time. It is very small and I know people like that place.Gave 3 stars based on no kids menu and the price is high for pho. Great service. Looks run down on the outside but nice and clean on the inside. Pho was too Americanized. Had vegetables in it and what tasted like garlic.Last September I was weary from driving 8 hours, I was so happy to find a pho restaurant with so many excellent reviews! I ordered pho tai, and it came precisely as I'd requested it. It was delicious, with a marvelous roasted bone broth. The basil and other garnishes were very fresh and delicious. I had not nearly finished my bowl, but had taken a moment to quietly savor the flavors and the warmth in my belly, when the hovering began. At that time, there was apparently no coordination of bus service, water-glass refilling, etc.  I hope they've resolved this by now, because being asked five times in 10 minutes "are you finished?" "Can I take your bowl?" "May I clear that?" etc., etc., really detracted from my otherwise lovely experience.My girlfriend is Vietnamese so I have been to a lot of different Vietnamese restaurants. food was okay, it wasn't that authentic but it still tasted fine. I got the seafood soup. The waiters were extremely nice!It's good. I think some of the flavors are a matter of taste. Probably not your most authentic flavors but it's decentMy boyfriend and I made the trek to East Charlotte to visit Lang Van, having heard rave reviews and even assertions that this is "the best Vietnamese food in Charlotte." Needless to say, we had high hopes. While our hopes certainly were not dashed, we both felt that our food was in solid "good-not-great" territory. We started with the fried spring rolls and as soon as they landed at our table, we wished we had ordered the fresh summer rolls or garden delight rolls. The spring rolls were very small and typical fried Asian roll fare. Nothing to write home about, especially for $3.25! I ordered the vegetarian house special hot pot, which included fresh veggies and nicely fried tofu over tasty tomatoey rice. It was satisfying and fresh, but nothing special. We split the banh xeo (yellow pancake stuffed with pork and bean sprouts), and found it to be decent enough but not spectacular. My boyfriend ordered the pho dac biet (beef, tendon, and meatball) and said that his bowl didn't have enough noodles and was not exceptionally flavorful in any way. We left relatively satisfied, but certainly not feeling that the "best in Charlotte" reputation or the drive there was worthy.The food is pretty authentic.  The atmosphere is ok, nothing special..very clean.  The service was somewhat uninviting and a little rude.  When there was a problem with the pricing on the check, I was told there was no manger available to speak with me.  I was told I would have to come back another time.  I thought that was weird. I would try again though for the food.This review concerns a $57 take-out order. In the first few years, Lang Van was the place for high quality Vietnamese. It has slackened over the years. First, the telephone service was perfect. I gave menu numbers and Vietnamese names; I gave some Vietnamese names not listed on their menu; I ordered one item with a pure English name and no number. I requested very spicy on the tofu dish and very spicy on the chicken curry. The phone employee got it all, perfectly, and read it back to me -- perfectly, not one error. Excellent!Spring rolls were lacking in seasoning but were well made. The sauce is salty enough, but they should work on that; bottled is not OK.Broken rice was well cooked. The chicken coconut curry, ordered "very spicy," was bland as could be. It was missing lime juice and any chile flavor at all. This was the big 'fail' of the order. The chicken salad was well made and the dressing was authentic. The shrimp toast was a nice accompaniment.In other dishes, the meatball was skewered pork and not the promised meatball; by "promised," I mean it was listed in the menu and confirmed over the phone. The pork was well seasoned and pretty good if a bit dry.Garnishes were paltry and in some cases, missing altogether. The Thai basil in one dish is simply not an option you can leave out. Are we using dried lemon grass in the tofu curry? All things considered, this was a disappointment. Be, it's time to start another Huong Viet!Certainly an acceptable meal, but not very special. Might be better to have a reduced menu of offerings and to upgrade quality of ingredients such as beef. We had a beef pho and lemongrass beef curry. Each was ok, the pho better than the other dish. At $3.75 for two tiny spring rolls, that seemed excessive. Tasty spring rolls though. A somewhat better value were the summer rolls with shrimp and a delicious hoisin/peanut sauce. Service was gracious and above average and the atmosphere was fine.I been eating here for about 20 years, it was one of the first viet restaurants in Charlotte. Over the years the owners have started to cater to American customers and don't really care about serving traditional food any more. It just taste like it. I probably won't ever be back to eat here anymore. There are other options for viet food nowadaysThe dining room was full but we were seated immediately.  The ladies were very nice and anxious to provide great service. I was in the mood for something healthier for my body so I ordered the vegetable delights with grilled chicken as this meal is prepared with no oil and less sodium. The meal is served with steamed rice.  The chicken was flattened perhaps too much there was a minimum amount of plain white meat.  However, I left with the feeling I wanted and that was not to feel stuffed.  I look forward to returning to the restaurant to try one of their hot pot dishes which I expect will grant them a higher rating on my part.Super tiny and perennially busy, so I expected the best when we finally got our table (after hearing lots of rave reviews and trying, unsuccessfully, to dine here on more than one occasion.) Sadly, my basil and tofu something or other was tasty but not really outstanding; same for my companion's red curry. The wine list and beer options were solid, but overall I found it a little pricey for what we got. Honestly I fear I somehow ate here INCORRECTLY, given the positive everythings this place is always getting.Kang Gai soup is a lot creamier than other similar soups (Thai, etc). Filled with a lot of ingredients. It came in one of those hot pot soup serving bowls where a small flame is kept going. The ladle was really hard to use with it--it barely fit into the gutters of the bowl so uh..yeah, the ergonomics of it was bad. I got the Moak Pa--steamed catfish with ground pork wrapped with banana leaves. The flavors were disappointing and the fish wasn't even all that tender or juicy. The dish erred on the salty side. We barely touched the accompanying sticky rice as it didn't go as well as with regular rice. I was a fan of the squash curry, though. Chockful of different kinds of squash, eggplant, and zucchini, this thick concoction was unique and delicious. The chicken in it was tough and overcooked but I'd just pick those pieces out and continue on with the curry and squashes. Perfect dish to pair with rice.Food comes out a tad slow and there was this annoying fly hovering around our table (even though it was kind of cold in the restaurant). It was good but not great.I just want to start off this review by saying that the 3 star rating doesn't tell the whole story. There were extreme high "ah-ha" moments and there were also "wtf" moments so the food here is anything but average. personally those great high notes make the meal even if i stepped along some land mines along the way. i would def recommend this place.we went with a group of 7 and this place is TINY and does not take reservations but we called ahead anyway and they were really good at trying to prepare for us. service was really excellent even though i was thrown off by this hipster crowd serving us asian cusine. we ordered the Tom Yum Kung. let me tell you, this soup is so difficult to make well because of the balance of all the sweet and sour aspects of it so i've been disappointed before but this was by far that i've tasted in awhile. not saying it was perfect but you sure won't be disappointed.Moak Pa - steamed catfish with ground pork wrapped in banana leaves. that is a pretty unique dish and i've never seen it on a menu. order it if you are feeling adventurous. the flavors aren't so radical you can't handle it but the preparation is just so interesting.Curry Squash is what people rave about. i thought it was good but it kinda tasted like penang curry with squash. it wasn't as amazing as these other yelp reviews IMO. but if you like curries, especially the penang type, curry squash is def a keeper.Tom Som - i'm sorry but i didn't get this dish. the unripe papaya is apparently popular in chinese dishes and even though i grew up with chinese food i've never tasted anything like it. the fried chicken was a bit dry. nothing was really the star of this plate but i think the papaya was suppose to be...and i didn't like it. really didn't like it. hahfor dessert we had the sticky rice with fresh mango. i have to tell you this was the most amazing part of the entire meal. i'm not really a dessert or sweets type of guy but i thought this was totally awesome. the sweet sticky rice was tasty. the fresh mango was tasty. combined, it was outer worldy.I'm fond of a small-space restaurant, so the crowdedness didn't bother me. Actually, if you want to avoid feeling like sardines in a can, go for Tuesday night - then you'll get to enjoy the atmosphere and food.My bf and I started out with a plate of fresh spring rolls. For vegetarians like us, this was a perfect starter. Tofu, rice noodle wrapped with very crisp iceberg lettuce. It really hit the spot on our hungry stomach.Upon the waitress' recommendation, I ordered pad-thai like dish. This was ok. Below my expectation. There was too much sweet sauce, which bothered me little bit. My bf's vegetable curry (squash, green beans, eggplant, carrot) was pretty excellent. No complaint on this one. Overall, very satisfied. I like this place as a low-key date night venue :)There's a reason this review is rated at three stars -- and it's not because of the food. We've been going to both LLX locations quite a while, both of them since they've opened in their respective locations really.  This was the first time that we've ordered take-out.It being a Friday, I had to order from the Williamson St. location, which does takeout on Friday and Saturday; the Atwood location does it the rest of the week.  Ok so far, even though it's a bit silly to have to remember where to order from.We ordered a pair of vegetarian eggrolls, khua mee with tofu, and the mango curry -- this last being perhaps my favorite of their many excellent curries.  I was told that it would be 30-45 minutes for the delivery, so the wife and I settled down to a game of Scrabble.The order arrived more than 90 minutes later. At the door, the delivery guy quoted the total at a dollar more than they did on the phone, but that's his loss as it only reduced his tip by the same amount. (or did it?).  The food was hot and we were itching to dig in.The eggrolls, normally fat and crispy in the restaurant, arrived somewhere between damp and soggy.  Still tasty, but disappointing when one is looking forward to the crisp.The khua mee was good, though not great -- largely I think because they jammed the entire order into a takeout container one size too small and so most of the noodles emerged broken.And the mango curry?  No way to know, because they sent pineapple curry instead, though that was excellent as always.  I just finished the leftovers, re-heated as my lunch.  Their curries are even better the second day.The take-out operation is clearly the problem. To get the orders straight, to avoid funny stuff about the order total between the phone and the door, and to get the packaging right, perhaps they should consider running the take-out from one location only, seven nights a week. Will we continue to eat at LLX? Definitely.  Will we continue to order take-out from them?  Yes, but only because the food is that good and because Madison is radically deficient in decent delivered food.  But they're only getting a couple of more chances at the take-out side of things.squash curry = orgasmthat is all.madison has terrible asian food. this place is good. sqash and green curry rec. food is on the salty side.Lao Laan-Zang is small and to the point. Like this review:15 or so lunch specials for around eight bucks. Big ups!

Later I called to get a price on the replacement of the GFCI switch but I never got a call back on the price of that.

Only open 2 Windows in registration so it's slow as well.New rooms are very nice and clean.Windows are not at all sound proof or even resistant, so you can hear everything going on outside.... Manager Daryl was very rude and unhelpful when we had a complaint. He was not hospitable at all and his customer service skills were severely lacking (I've worked in customer service and management for years and know he's doing it wrong.) He also blatantly lied about rooms being available just because he didn't feel like having someone switch us (we were even ok with a downgrade or paying for an upgrade but he pretended no rooms were available even though the front desk agent clearly said there were some prior to having Daryl join the conversation). Overall, he made me question if I'm willing to continue staying at Ballys in the future. (He gave no solution to rectify the situation and did not apologize once. Seemed like he couldn't care less.)Rooms are good, management leaves something to be desired.Nice hotel close to many hang out places on the strip. Though a little expensive. Make sure of the prices specially if you're taking through Expedia or Orbitz.First thing I noticed upon entering the hotel is the heavy smell of cigarettes in the casino lobby.Check in was a little slow but not horrible. The food court on the lower level stays open late if you're looking for a bite to eat. Rooms are very well priced for how spacious they are I had more than I needed!Unfortunately the pillows on my bed are very thick and put a hunch in my neck making it not very comfortable to sleep with. Woke up feeling thirsty went to the vending machine to find out it won't except cash and it's not excepting my card.We stayed in the non-renovated tower, and it showed. The place was clean, but the decor was ratty and tired. But, if this was the next tower to be renovated, then it kind of makes sense. One nice thing about the rooms is that they are huge compared to other hotels in Vegas.The casino smelled of cigarette smoke, much more so that other casinos. I felt like my clothes smelled of it from simply walking through on my way to Paris.Most of the people that I came in contact with were wonderful, helpful, and well trained. The only negative was the room service experience. Not only do they NOT serve dinner, but the lunch that I ordered arrived well past the promised delivery time and the telephone person was rude.In the end, you get what you pay for. This stay was well worth what we paid, which was much less than other places nearby.Next time, I will try the newly renovated tower.We stayed here last week. Not bad. The room served its purpose. A place to sleep. However we did have poor customer service. We asked for extra blankets and they never came, the battery went out on our door lock, and the room was barely clean when we got there. There was trash from the previous guest, the mirrors were dirty, etc. The lighting in the richness horrible it was so dark you could barely see to get ready. I expected a bit more.One of the older hotels on the strip. More affordable than most and rooms were clean.Location, location, location! Heart of the strip. Rooms in indigo tower are pretty basic - hard bed and pillows and shower pressure so hard it hurt but if you want to be on the strip on a budget can't beat the location and price. You probably won't be In your room much. Pool is pretty basic - we were told we could go over to Paris for pool but didn't have a chance.This hotel does charge a resort fee - fee  includes wi-fi for 2 devices per room. Free wi-fi in lobby. They have a business center but it charges for Internet and to print boarding passes $1/pass so we just went online on our phone to check in for flights.Bally's is right on the strip which is pretty great. The hotel room looks like it's from the seventies, but it's comfortable. It's very chilly in the rooms so pack a hoodie. In addition there are no microwaves or mini refrigerator and if you want one it's extra so just keep that in mind. There is a casino, food court and shops downstairs except it's expensive, everything is expensive anyways. Overall Bally's is an okay hotel, no problems but nothing exceptional about it.To start off, I am always up-to-date on all my Vegas deals and news. I gamble 90% of the time at Total Rewards props, stay at Total Rewards props, and even have their credit card. That being said, I usually know what to expect at their Vegas hotel rooms.It was not my idea to stay in a Jubilee room however my mom (64) wanted to stay in a newer room(still several years old) although I could have stayed a few comped nights in their North tower rooms. Anyways, $528 later (5 nights including Friday and after fees) I think she regretted it. Checking in was simple. Asked for a "high room" and was given room 5625....overlooking somewhat the Paris pool i.e. a lower floor. The young lady who assisted me said they were "booked"....Ballys must be a huge draw on a Monday in June (sarcasm to the 10th power).Nonetheless, got to our room and were graciously greeted by a huge wet white stain on the carpet 5 feet from the door. It didn't look like what I was orig thinking (wild guess) but it was the size of a child's  hand. No clue what it was. Ok, whatever. Next, turned on the bathroom light, and there were two plastic razor blade covers in the middle of the bathroom floor. No, not in a corner or under the sink but literally right in the middle of the floor. Put Helen Keller in a maids outfit and even she could have spotted them. No excuse for that. Ok whatever. But what's this...my wifi wont connect to my iPhone....but what about that absurd resort fee Im paying daily? So down to the desk I go. Im cool with it, totally laid back and so if Miguel who helped me. Told me he would send someone up immediately to clean the stain (wasn't gone until next afternoon) and also as a courtesy refund a resort fee of $32+. I checked my account today and it was refunded as stated. Wifi the next 4 days was spotty although the casino wifi was usually good. And then finally, I come back from the casino the second day checked in and my mom says..."the toilet bubbles." Wait, what? Are you drunk mom? "No, the toilet bubbled when I was on it." What do you mean bubbled? "It literally bubbled." Low and behold the toilet did bubble several times over a 4 day period to the point that one night we left the toilet seat open and the next morning there was water all over the ground....cool Ballys.Im returning in 4 weeks but this time with my girlfriend. Booked the North Tower and already know its dated and what to expect but its basically free MINUS MY $32 WIFI! The few employees I came in contact were just fine. Courteous and friendly. This was from my experiences at NOSH, the casino bar, and cage.Stayed here in a comped room. Nothing fancy but not bad at all. Especially for being free. The bed wasn't very comfortable  but the room was big and didn't smell smoky.  The maid was super nice and the location was perfect. We were able to go over to Paris and all the surrounding hotels very easily and I loved the location on the strip. I would stay here again. Especially if t was comped. The casino isn't great but not terrible.Spent the weekend with some great friends. The room was a nice size with two full size beds. We even brought a twin size airbed and had plenty of room. A little disappointed in the pool area. The cafe offered a few microwave items or pre-made salads. They were kind of limited on what was offered at the bar.  My drink was $17.Describing itself as a 'traditional scottish pub', the Wayside is everything you would expect from a community public house.Having been recently overhauled and redecorated, the Wayside is a place for relaxing with a drink - soft seats, booths and cozy leathers, this pub is certainly traditional. Newspapers and sports on television are available, along with a large selection of malt whiskeys. Staff are friendly, if a bit clumsy (I had my pint spilt by the barmaid), and the atmoshpere is laid back. The Wayside does however, have a darker side - Karaoke nights are a big draw and shatter the relaxed local pub illusion, turning into a loud and out of tune set of speakers instead.The Wayside is a nice place for a quiet drink on an evening, if you can avoid the karaoke nights.The Wayside is a lovely little place just as Jonathan said, with friendly staff and cosy feel to it...until Karaoke Night.Last year, i made the stupid decision to go up and sing Super Trooper to a bar full of the most hardcore Karaoke singers known to man. My friends laughed, the patrons did not. As we walked back to the table, one of the locals recommended that if we wanted to keep our lives, we should leave right now.Joy is a clothes shop, and as such - i do not rate it that highly, the clothes always seem nice (at least the guy's t-shirts, I'm not sure on the girls clothes) but expensive for what they really are. Where it excells however, it its ability to always have something funny, cool or down right odd to give as a birthday gift. Yes, this place is a treasure trove of quirky little gifts, books, toys and cards. It really is an excellent place to come for that last minute ''I-dont-know-what-to-get'' gift.Joy is really a diamond in the rough - the rough being Princes Mall, which is just a bit crap - but Joy shines out, and is pretty damned sparkly.A friend told me I should go and try this place, presumably because he was so sick of me banging on about In Delhi just up the road from here. Maybe I didn't go in with an open mind, but I have to say there was nothing particularly special about this place. Yes, they do an amazing selection of spiced, herbal or green teas, and yes the nibbles-sized dishes on the food menu were tasty (the mushroom poori and chilli chicken dosa in particular), i thought the whole place lacked a bit of character that so many other indian eateries have. The furniture/décor was very formal and serious, which is pretty much the opposite of what a restaurant with a tapas mentality should be in my opinion - I loved how we were constantly dipping into eachother's dishes sampling sharing them all, but sitting at those tables I felt as though I was doing something I shouldn't be every time I did.I was really excited about visiting Mother India in Edinburgh, considering the repute of Mother India in Glasgow and the established knowledge that the group's food has blown away a lot of people, not least the competition. The restaurant has a cute little premises on Infirmary Street, small, but perfectly formed and set around two levels, and with a good bit of room on the downstairs floor too.I appreciate the idea of Indian tapas is quite a novel one, or it certainly seems to be something you don't encounter often. Being a big fan of tapas and Spanish food, I do understand the attraction of having little snack size portions of quite a few dishes, and not limiting yourself to the one variety, which normally I would firmly approve of, considering my indecisive nature and food jealousy tendencies when other people are presented with their meal. As tasty as all the food here was, I found the tapas aspect a bit too much for me, with my palate unable to cope with the amount of different spices and Indian taste sensations it was being bombarded with. Perhaps I'm just inexperienced in this field, and need to give tapas Indian style more of a chance, but for now I'm sticking with my main Indian dish, rice, and naan. Feel free to call this boring, but it seems I'm old fashioned and stuck in my ways when it comes to certain types of foodI first noticed Mother India's Cafe when sitting in cafe Nero across the road, looking out. It looked interesting so I had to try it.This Indian Restaurant certainly is a bit different. As the others have suggested, it isn't just another takeaway or Indian buffet house, but a tapas style restaurant where you can sample many dishes. In this respect Mother India's Cafe earns points for being different.I did enjoy the food here at Mother India's Cafe but I more enjoyed the tea. The latter was quite exciting, the former, for all its ingenuity, wasn't as great as I had hoped. I also have to agree with Fiona about the setting. Inside it is rather too bland and formal and I didn't feel overly relaxed.At the same time the waiter was very friendly and the pricing was average. Not a bad Indian restaurant with a novel idea, but it could do with improving its atmosphere.I came with a group of 4 and we ordered 6 dishes. It ended up costing about 9 pounds per person, which is certainly not bad for the quality of the food, but I wouldn't come here starving because we still weren't particularly full afterwards. I'm not sure Indian is really something to do tapas-style, but it still tasted amazing and I'd come back again.I have 3 different themed parties coming up: moulin rouge, fright night, and jungle and Costume Haha was a place that we stopped by. I was able to get half the things I needed for moulin rouge and jungle, and I'm sure if I had made up my mind for fright night I could have found half the stuff I needed there too. Overall, its got a lot of things, but hard to find a complete costume unless you buy one of the ones that comes in a bag (then you're still missing shoes, and probably random other little things).Stopped in here for lunch today.  It is located in the Albertsons Center where I sometimes shop and I had seen it getting ready.  This location used to have a water store in it.Nothing really special about this place.  It is geared for takeout as there are only 4 tables.  They could add 2 more if they wanted.  Food was ok.  The pork fried rice had bean sprouts and onions in it which seemed different to me.  I had the General Tso's chicken lunch special which came with pork fried rice and my choice of a soda or soup ($5.75), I chose hot and sour soup.  It seems to be a family run business.  The person at the counter was having a rough time understanding much English and had to be helped several times.Minimum credit/debit order is $8 so if you are by yourself getting a lunch special you better have cash.  I only took a picture of the back of the menu, inside is over 100 more items.  They are open until 10 PM which could come in handy sometimes.NY Wok is my new go to place for Chinese food.  After my old place kept getting complaints from the health dept, and trying a few other places I just didn't care for, I saw this one when I'd be going to and from the supermarket, so gave them a try.  First thing I noticed was how clean the place was.  Not much of a place to eat in, but you could if you wanted to....I prefer take out, just wanted to actually see the place first.  Their hot & sour soup is wonderful and they are the first ones I call when I feel a head cold coming on.  Clears it right up!  Their orange chicken is very good, the egg foo yong, the lo mein, the crab ragoons - everything we tried has been delicious.  They deliver and I know it's coming from a place that takes pride in their appearance, keeps the place clean, and the delivery, service, and most importantly, the food is always great..Small sitting area but for take out, no complaints. Children working the desk area no adults to be found, great size portions though for the price...Flavor is there but the portions you get for the cost isn't proportionate. The large teriyaki chicken could feed 1 person full but wouldn't really be satisfying enough for two people. It's also a little strange to have such young children working the front desk. I mean that girl maybe was 13 and the boy maybe 9-10. Probably won't come back....When this place came under new management, I was disappointed.  The food was nowhere near as great as it used to be.  It was terrible.

   The sandwiches were decent with the main drawback being the lack of french fries. They are not available, period. Sandwiches are served with kettle cooked potato chips and these are not made in house. I had a patty melt which also came with a basic cole slaw. The burger pattie was done medium well, as ordered, but was thicker than i would have expected for this sandwich. The onions were perfectly cooked and the cheese properly melted. Overall it was a good meal.

 - Burger: Was a little disappointing. A single didn't even come close to filling me up, a double didn't even come close to filling a man up either (weren't not even crazy hungry eaters). The taste was good, but nothing crazy special which would make me crave it in the future.I don't think I will go out of my way to come here, but if I am in the area, I won't hesitate to come here again. Recommendations:

The food--I agree with the other reviewers that the prices seem high.  I finally asked the waiter today if the fries/chips were fresh potatoes or not because both times, they have been, well, bad.  He assured me they were.  Well, if you are going to convince me, then leave a little peel on the potatoes, and fry them to crisp, not warm.  How can you not do fries right?  My chicken and leek pie was good, although really small for the price.  It looked dwarfed in its ramekin on the platter. My husband's chicken barbeque sandwich was good.  I ordered a tart for dessert and it took 20 minutes, I was told because there was only one pastry chef.  ????  It was a refrigerated piece of pie with blueberry sauce on it!  It was good but really?  20 minutes?

A couple of tweaks and they'd be pretty good. They have feedback cards, so if you go, use them (politely, of course).Well my experience with this company was great before it got tough.  I had Paul, the owner, come to my house to give me a quote to pack our stuff and move us.  He gave me a good price and naturally we negotiated down to a great price!  A handshake, a written quote and several emails later and we are all set to go.   At this point Paul had been responsive and professional.  I was seeing the company with the good reviews and the high BBB rating that I had researched.    Then packing day arrived and though I was at work my wife tells me that Paul started off nice but got short over time because "he wasn't no body's personal assistant" and would not pack up the dirty laundry even if it was in the hamper and there were dishes that hadn't been run.  Ok I can understand that to an extent.  Bear in mind the house hasn't changed from when he quoted it but ok.  Also he made several remarks to my wife about how we had a lot of stuff and hinted that we should have paid more..... Let me remind you he came to my house to quote these items it's not like they were hidden.Then moving day came and he showed up on time with his crew.   His crew was friendly and so too was Paul until about midway.  That's when the truck started filling up and it became apparent not everything would fit on the truck so Paul started acting upset.  I get it he was frustrated but so was I.  When the truck could fit no more Paul tells me he is losing money if he makes another trip to get the rest.  So we negotiate for an additional 13% for him to come back within 48 hours to get the left overs.  Still he doesn't seem satisfied but agrees.   Just as a quick recap he did come and see my house first, agree to move my stuff for a price, then charges me more to do what he already quoted to do.When that was over and Monday came around Paul emails me to tell me he can't come get my stuff on the promised day especially not for the fee we discussed...... The fee I offered to pay over the quoted price......instead he wants to come out 5 days after my move.  I have to be out of the house and yet my stuff is still there!!!!   The point of my story is Paul misquoted and gave me a smoking deal and instead of just dealing with it he reacted badly and affected the quality of the move.  I have moved multiple times and I think Paul could have a good company but the way he behaved was out of line and frankly he broke his word.  I paid him our agreed price and my stuff isn't moved.  Update: Paul did return to the house 4 days after my original move.  He picked up all the remaining items at my house and was very cordial and polite.  He still charged me the additional fee to do it which is a huge part of why I gave 3 stars instead of 5.  If he had waived that fee and just made this right to his quote I would give them 5 stars and look past the rest.So we've been waiting to try this place, and the time has finally came. First off walking in we didn't get greeted. When we ordered they messed up the order, they brought us a dog instead of the fries we ordered. Then we ordered 2 dogs and only rang in one. The Euro fries were too salty the Hawaiian dog was good though. Our experience here was bleh hopefully next time we'll have a better visit.I've been waiting to try Buldogis food truck after hearing so many good things and seeing it everywhere! However, I was pretty disappointed by their Bahn Mi. The description made it seem like a fun mix of a bunch of different, but harmonious, flavors: spicy, salty, sweet, savory...but that all fell flat. It was messier than it was tasty, in my opinion... Luckily, the Euro special fries made up for it! Yeah, I'd eat here again, but if that happens, I'll probably just stick to their fries...It's okay Mexican food at a cheap $.  The place is targeted at carry customers for the surrounding workforce.  At lunch time they have a good number of specials are $6.00.  You will still leave filled up though.  It good edible place, but not a real destination eatery.When Mar Y Tierra closed, a small piece of my heart broke.  Lucky for me, Mar Y Tierra has been reincarnated in Anita's Mexican Grill.  Anita's serves almost the same food that Mar Y Tierra had - but adds some chicken and burgers as well - covering the grill part.This is mainly a takeout place, with only a few tables inside.  To order, you walk up to the counter and they'll call out your name or bring out your order when its done.I'm not quite sure what to make of Anita's. My co-workers and I stopped in for lunch not really sure what to expect. It's a good thing we got there early and scored one of the tables because this place is tiny! It's definitely to cater to the "take out" crowd. The menu isn't extensive but they offer all the classics, tacos, enchiladas, burritos, and chip and salsa with each entrée. I ordered the Speedy Gonzales. It's a taco with your choice of chicken or beef, a cheese enchilada and your choice of rice or beans.

Us: "Umm....yeah."

We found buns in The Clever Koi

They must have a different supplier.  The crust isn't the same.

Second time here but first time we actually ordered more than an appetizer.Sorry to say, it was a disappointment. I ordered the "New Orleans Style Ribs". Spice was not bad but they were cold. It's as if they came straight from the fridge to the plate. I didn't say anything, as I thought, "well, maybe that's what New Orleans style is", but I was wrong. I could maybe forgive the temp but these suckers did not cook long enough. Not as in undercooked raw but rather undercooked tough.My lady had the scallops which she said were just ok. It's a cool spot so we might give it another try someday.Reuben was good, chopped lake salad was to.Reuben was good, chopped lake salad was to.I love the design, layout, lighting, etc. The ambiance is truly stellar. It's always packed with people every time I go, which makes this feel like a real city eatery and social drinking depot. The drinks - well prepared. No. 63 was lip smackin' good. The food - pleasantly passable. It somewhat flirts with the palate and does just the trick to soak up a sip or two of bourbon. I wish I had no more to say...[She bites her knuckles and hesitates] Boy does it pain me to knock off stars for service. Mistake me not, this feedback isn't impulsive retribution after one sour puss waiter. Time after time, I leave thinking "why couldn't they just be nicer?" I don't need to be spoon fed, have my napkin tucked under my chin or showered with compliments I wasn't fishing for. I also don't mind if you are cooler, more hipster or read more Kerouac than me.I just don't want to feel like I'm inconveniencing someone for a meal that comes out of my wallet in the end. Inattentive and unresponsive. Regardless of the other positive traits Windsor has going for it, there is still something very unsatisfying when you leave feeling like you were just another annoyance in a sea of demanding diners.Good but too much pork. Really limiting.The cocktails, "shorty" versions of beer on tap, and great happy hour specials make this a great place to chill out mid-day and have a few drinks, especially if you are sitting outside. I've only had one appetizer there, the loaded chips, and they were great-tasting at first, but were a little ambitious with the ingredients--definitely overpowering. There were a few menu items I wanted to try, but on second glance, they also look a little too ambitious, so I have a feeling the taste is going to be too rich. (I cannot eat everything I like as I get older...major bummer!)The ambience is a happy medium between a place to chill with friends or have a dinner date.Everyone who's assisted me here has been superior--especially Rob the bartender. They should get 5-stars based on service!I love the beer selection, the service is great, and it's a beautiful spot.  On a mild Phoenix day when they have all the sliding doors opened up its a great place to hang out.The happy hour isn't bad either.That being said the food just seems "meh" so far.  I just can't really get into it.  I've been there a few times and I'll probably keep going back but I haven't found anything yet that I just can't wait to bite into.I really enjoy the atmosphere and the food here. 2 problems with lunch today - flies were extremely prevalent and on numerous occasions our waitress forgot requests (lemons for water, straw for water, box for leftovers). Granted they were busy and the food was outstanding (kale caesar with chicken + grille dchicken sandwich), but I felt like the cleanliness couldve been kept up better and the attention to detail for the service was lacking. With that being said... i'll probably be back.This is the second time we've been here and this experience was a bit better than the first. The first time we went, both of our dishes were mediocre. This time, I got the crab cake BLT and the boyfriend got the burger. Both tasted really good (especially the burger) but the crab cake BLT left my stomach feeling a bit uneasy for the rest of the night.  The side roasted veggies were also tasty, but the fries could be better.  They were a little too hard for our taste. The atmosphere is great and the staff friendly. Maybe we'll try again sometime and get the burger again.The happy hour specials seem great - but I missed it by an hour.  :(We munched on the fondue platter.  The pretzels were pretty good, not sure about apples with cheddar, and the sausage was cold and weird tasting...  My friend got the crab cake blt sandwich.  It was a bit greasy.  The fries were almost limp and not salted enough.  The 2 drinks we tried were not the best.  The bitter orange(?) one was actually decent, but wouldn't recommend if you don't like bitter orange.  It muted the alcohol taste which might also be a benefit.All in all, I won't drag my feet if my friends want to come here again but I probably won't suggest it.On our 5-year anniversary, I had hoped for a slightly better experience.*Plus sides:Fantastic fondue appetizer

Angry mac 'n' cheese (bland and too milky)

Yes yes it has a lot of good reviews

- salmon: my friend got this dish and it was alright - he wasn't too crazy about it

Rice was over-cooked.

Whoo hoo, I thought (thinking that's an extra $1 I could give to the waithelp for standing in line for 5 minutes to sign up for their free card).

-ok, better than average food, but not quite up to the hype

Steak Tartare- Worcestershire Gelée, Cornichon, Egg Emulsion

Seaweed salad - 4 stars

Brussel Sprouts - Ok

2.  Drinking in the pool.  People are allowed to have their cocktails and beer in the water.  I feel this is inappropriate in a family area. I saw several people dump beer into the lazy river.Overall, we enjoyed our stay.  Not the greatest, but not the worst.  We had a voucher for our stay.  I would probably stay here again, but only with another voucher.Tahiti Village is not like the Bellagio or MGM or the Palm, but it is a pretty good place to stay when you're in the Sin City. The room's big, clean and comfortable. There's TV, a microwave, refrigerator, stove, hairdryer, just like home. I like the little living room next to the kitchen.Affordable rates.

Pancakes are good, bacon unfortunately tasteless. They have good dinner deals but a overwhelming menu. Not the best sign.

-She does prenatal consultation

Margarita = very good

one star for Brent, our awesome waiter.We used to come here a lot more frequently, but then they changed their fry recipe. The new fries aren't terrible, but they taste like disappointment. And disappointment tastes pretty bad. If you like kettle chips, imagine them thicker, hotter, and with a hint of rosemary. That is how the old fries tasted and we couldn't get enough of them. Now when we go here, it's usually because the husband is craving their peppercorn hamburger.  I always order the mushroom burger and it's really good (juicy and flavorful), but don't put green stuff on my mushroom burger. We haven't ordered much else off the menu, except once I ordered the special which were three mini shrimp po'boys. That was a mistake - burgers are definitely their specialty.Overall, if we're craving hamburgers with fries, I'd rather go to Delux or the Parlor (which has some of the best fries). If you don't care about fries, then give The Grind a try, because their burgers are thick, juicy, and flavored just right.Love the concept but not completely sold on the food.  There were a couple of good things and a couple not so good.Roasted Rosemary Cheese appetizer - yummy!  It's roasted brie with salt and rosemary on top served with a side of this yummy strawberrry topping.  A bit salty at first but that's easily fixed by scraping the salt off the top.  What really made it good was the side of strawberry topping to go with.  Did I mention how good it was yet?

Service 2.5Futo Buta is obviously still working out the kinks.  As Corey M pointed out, I think they're a little overpriced on the pork belly buns -- totally delicious, but should be $6 not $9.  Also, the day we went at lunchtime, with a fairly simple order -- pb buns, miso, and gyoza -- why it took 45 minutes with it not being that crowded was a downer to me.  Hopefully they'll get that part of the equation in order, and I'll be backGreat atmosphere and attentive staff. The ramen was good. The pork belly was lacking in proportion to the size of the ramen bowl and the cost. I enjoyed the experience, however I will continue to explore Charlotte eateries before making a trip back.The service was friendly, the food was okay, but the price was just too high for what you get. We had lunch on a Saturday at 2:00pm and they were out of tonkotsu and vegan ramen already. Maybe if we had a chance to taste those, we would have been blown away... Our group tried 2 appetizers, both types of buns, and 2 types of the available ramen left on the menu and we just weren't satisfied by the quality or quantity. The place definitely has a certain charm to it and I think they are going in the right direction, but I think the prices need to come down or the quantity go up to really feel satisfied by the experience. Would I discourage people from trying it? No.Will I go back? Probably not.A foodie coworker of mine and I went for lunch on a Friday. She had been before, but it was my first time. Thanks to all of you who told me exactly how to get there because she and I met there, and I would've been lost! Park behind Crispy Crepe and walk toward the light rail.I was the first one there at 11:30 (they open at 11:00), and I was immediately greeted and ushered into the small dining area. There are a ton of tables with umbrellas outside along the light rail, but it was muggy and I couldn't have mushroom hair the rest of the day. Our verrrry enthusiastic, verrry chatty waiter got me some water while I waited for my friend, and when he found out I hadn't been there before, he literally told me about every single item on the menu. Wowie. For lunch, I got the pork belly bun ($10) and Brussels sprouts ($7). They were delicious, but the pork belly bun was only 2 smalls buns, and the sprouts fit on a tiny plate. With tax and tip, I spent $22 on lunch. What the what?! My friend was the same way. She got the Rice Crispy Squares and the eggplant and zucchini bun and spent $21 plus tax and tip. Let me repeat - ON LUNCH. Although the food was good, I won't be in a hurry to go back til at least the lunch prices go down a little.A few of my friends and I decided to come here because of all the great reviews from our friends and online. The restaurant has a wonderful  casual ambience and is right next to the light rail. The staff is so sweet and friendly. My friends and I had a great time here. I thought the appetizers were a little overpriced considering they only gave you small portions for the appetizers but my friends ordered the gyoza just to try it. Once the food came out, everything smelled great! I was told the  gyoza was delicious but looked very greasy.  Unfortunately my ramen was a little bland and greasy from the sesame oil. They did offer Sriracha sauce to add flavor to the soup which I highly recommend! Overall, the food was ok but the waitress and waiter were great!Having been to japan I've tasted a lot of different kinds of ramen, so I came here with pretty low expectations. Of course you can't compare to Japan's, however Futobuta's ramen was alright. When I came my broth although deep in flavor, was not salty enough. Also they gave me siracha as a side to add to my ramen, no Chile oil, no sesame oil, or seasoning. For 14 dollars, I definitely did not get my money's worth in my opinion. The atmosphere is nice and it has a hipster-ish feel to the place, but ramen wise, I'll pass.Futo Buta is a straight 3 for me. The food is above average for sure. The duck bun I had was delicious and the ramen was pretty good as well - the noodles are made in house from local wheat (?) and the soup was tasty. But when you take the price into consideration you tend to also reconsider the food. Ten bucks for 2 duck buns - that's 5 bucks a piece. That's one expensive bun. The ramen fills you up for sure, but my friend had the beet greens and kale salad for almost the same price as the ramen and it looked like a straight up appetizer portion, and it was hard for her to find any kale in the salad too.  I ended up paying $20 for my one duck bun and pretty good ramen. All in all, my stomach enjoyed the food though my wallet did not. Would go again if someone else paid for me LOL #moochplaceDecided to try this place for the first time after going to Red Clay Cider's grand opening. We shared an order of smoked pork belly buns and each got ramen. The pork belly buns were good, little surprised they were sliders instead of buns, but the breading was still the steamed bread you would associate with buns, delicious and I would get them again. I got the tonkotsu ramen with spicy ground pork added. The spicy pork chili was a nice addition to the dish and probably a must if you plan to get the ramen. The ramen was good, though smaller than competitor offerings and on the pricy side as a result. Tonkotsu $14 + Spicy Chili $2 and 2 pork buns $10. While I would go again, I think I favor Yama Izakaya or Musashi for ramen. I used to think Yama's ramen was pricy, but Futo Buta charges the same amount for less ramen. It used to be hard to find a place that served tonkotsu ramen, it's nice that it is becoming a more common offering. I'd try them all to pick your favorite as each was good with a slightly different take on it.I would have given them at least a 4 for quality of their food, but they are definitely overpriced.Thank you to the previous Yelper who provided instructions on how to find this place! If you don't know where it is you turn on Rensselaer Ave (Or at Crispy Crepe if you are spatially inclined person like me). You can park for up to 3 hours at the Post Southend Parking garage at the end of the road. Futo Buta is straight toward the light rail from there. The restaurant was very crowded when we arrived and we decided to sit at the bar instead of battling the intense summer heat. This is where they lost me a little bit - the chairs are so close together there is no hope in edging around and sitting in your seat. You must pull the stool all the way out and then awkwardly scoot it up once you have gotten near the bar. The service at the bar was phenomenal. Our waiter was extremely friendly and kept our water glasses full and checked on our food and gave us suggestions. I ordered the tuna tataki to start. I wish they had this item on their regular menu and not just a featured special. It was a truly amazing and expertly seared tuna with a delicious sauce. The man ordered the pork buns which were good but were eclipsed by the tuna. The main event of the visit unfortunately did not deliver as hoped. In the interest of full disclosure my experience with ramen has been the high MSG pseudo-filling packets you can get for a few cents from your local Walmart. The ramen noodles served at Futo Buta were completely different to those sad little packages so frequently eaten by college students. The broth however was bland and would have been better sans ginger slices. The pork in the broth was super tender but also rather fatty. The bowl was very filling and I took about half of it home. I will probably go again when it cools down enough to sit outside, but at over $20 for a small plate and ramen I doubt I will become a regular.As a native New Yorker, my review may come off a little harsh. I've had my fair share of exponential ramen with rich broth. Futo Buta came short. Their broth was very bland, and not well balanced with flavor. The pork belly was cooked okay, and the noodles were fine. The broth needs to improve significantly. I will say however the gyoza were pretty good though. P.S. Turn down the air in there, or turn ON the air. It was SUPER hot in there, and I am a person that gets cold easily.I feel like I set my expectations too high because of all the great reviews I read about this place! The place is too small but the decor is too cute! It's pretty crowded even on the weekdays. My ramen was WAY to salty. I couldn't even finish it, it was pretty good just overly salted. I also ordered the duck buns which was sooo fresh & good!! I defitnatly will be coming back for the duck buns but not the ramen.This Japanese Ramen place is pretty decent. Coming from New York where there is numerous ramen places in the city, Futo Buta was pretty good. I would recommend getting their pork belly buns. It's a bit on the pricey side for what you pay for comparing the size of the buns, but it's still worth a try. You must get their soft serve! Their sweet corn flavor is a must!I have been to Futo Buta twice now and every time sadly I have enjoyed almost everything else and been a bit disappointed with my ramen. Is that so bad? Not really unless you are a ramen joint, which this happens to be. womp womp womp insert sad face.The decor is really nice here. Lots of wood tones with huge anime influence (go to the bathroom if you don't think so). Service is very nice and peppy as well and very receptive to any requests or problems you might have as well! They were super nice when I brought my baby corgi along and set out a bowl of water for him to promptly knock over.The first time here I started with shishito peppers which were great with their soy/sesame glaze and the random hot one really caught me. A very enjoyable dish. The fried brussels sprouts are very similar in the taste department though extra umami is imparted through the bonito flakes sprinkled on top. The three ramen entrees I've tried here are the Niwa, Miso, and Tonkotsu. The noodles are nice but they always taste more like soba to me than ramen? Are they buckwheat noodles? Who knows, the broth for the tonkotsu on my first time was super fatty. In fact there was at least a centimeter of grease on top of it. Luckily our server noticed my displeasure and traded out for the Miso which was much more tolerable. The second time I just went straight for the mild Niwa (vegan) ramen. Unfortunately this is lacking a bit of flavor and salt compared to the other two. I am not saying this while biased against veggies as I grew up with a vegan mom.I think next time I'll eat the small plates and skip the ramen. The convenience is very handy for this place's location if you take the light rail and if you take the car then there is actually some handy parking in the nearby parking garage.The Miso ramen was tasty.  I received only 2 slices of pork belly & hoped for more.  The cabbage or scallion that was part of the meal was like a huge broccoli stalk end that I navigated around.  I would hope for a little more in the way of corn or the veggies in the ramen.  At a certain point, it felt like a huge bowl of miso soup w/noodles vs. additional items.  The soup was slug slow to come out.  I'm wondering if that is to steep the flavors or some other reason.  Sitting outside & it started to rain.  For the exposed tables on a busy Fri night there wasn't enough room to seat everyone inside.  Luckily, I had completed my meal so I was able to leave vs. stick around for the mania that ensued trying to accommodate the other patrons.  I'll try this again & maybe a different dish vs. ramen.  The buns the table next to me had looked pretty tasty.The sign of a good bowl of ramen is an empty bowl of ramen. My miso ramen bowl tonight .... was half empty. Thank goodness for the pork belly steam buns. The broth was too salty and the ramen undercooked. Ambiance was lovely and I eyed some great sake so I'll be back for another try. Can you tell I'm desperate for some decent Asian in this city?I'm a avid fan of Ramen, but this place is just a-ok to me.  I had the Tonkatsu, which was very rich in flavor, but very salty.  I love the hipster way they served the food, but sometimes I couldn't get passed the ladle for a spoon.I give 3 stars for this restaurant. It is not an authentic Japanese ramen restaurant. To be honest, when you walk into a Japanese ramen restaurant and see there is no asian chef in the kitchen, well, it is time to leave if you are a real ramen lover.There are 3 main factors of a ramen: Broth, Noodles, Side dishes. The key of a good ramen is all about the BROTH! Without a good broth, the ramen cannot be good or even qualified as ramen. For this restaurant, I only want to give 1 star for broth(I tried the Tonkotsu). It's flavourless and it definitely makes the noodles flavourless either. When you enjoy a ramen, you want the noodle fully absorb the flavour from the broth and never want them in a seperated condition. Secondly, the noodles are not bad, they have a springy texture. But the side dishes for ramen are pretty disappointing. In stead of adding traditional side dishes (bamboo shoots, bean sprouts) into ramen, they added some wired stuffs, like mushroom, pickled ginger into ramen. I understand their innovation or they just want to cater the locals' taste. But indeed, they make it worse and wired.There are 3 highlights of this restaurant. 1. The atmosphere is pretty good. The place is well decorated and staffs are friendly. 2. Good smoked pork belly. It is qualified. It is flavorful, juicy and tender. 3. Impressive Green Tea Ice cream. Good flavour and it tastes rich in green tea and it has a silky and firm texture.To make a long story short, this is not an authentic Japanese ramen restaurant. I will not recommend it to a real ramen lover.I've tried the shoyu, tonkatsu, and fire&ice.. and the ingredients and overall flavor are okay, but the broth is not good. It doesn't seem like they cook the stock for the necessary amount of time, but instead just put it together on the fly. Therefore, it's hard for me to say that this is a real ramen restaurant. I'm not sure that many people who give this place good reviews understand what real ramen is supposed to taste like.Yama Izakaya in Plaza Midwood has better ramen in my opinion.Was super excited to try a new Ramen place because my favorite is way south of Charlotte and a pain to drive to.  Futo-Buta is hidden along the train line in a very small space which, while clean and expertly decorated, is incredibly hard to fit a party of more than two in.  We were treated as an unwelcome obstacle with a party of 6 and told we could only stand at the bar to wait for a table to open up until people came and wanted to sit there because we couldn't sit outside.  (My friend has Lupus, which I explained, and can't sit outside in sunlight on a 90 degree day) The ramen was good, but very oily by all accounts of our group.  The restrooms were clean, the table service was prompt once seated, and we would go back, but never with more than two people again.  I will say this was at noon on a summer Saturday in July, so maybe things have changed since then.Best pork I have had and the appetizers are absolutely delicious. However, with having tried ramen in about 10-15 diff cities across the country, I think the broth itself is lacking flavor. Once the broth is perfected, everything else should fall into place. Great potential and apps though.It's pretty good. As a person who lived in Japan and am very locked into what I loved about Japanese food...they have taken some liberties with what "Japanese" food is and played way too far outside the boarders for me. It's not bad but it's not Japanese. It's funny all the people proclaiming it's Japanese when it's an American's take on other American/Japanese restaurants. So hard for me to like this place after living in Japan and it's wrong to call it Japanese at all. Just because you use Japanese words....does not make you Japanese. Sorry guys. I think you had a good chance to be a great "Ramen Stand" but you missed the mark in my book.I finally got a chance to check out Futo Buta. For the most part, I felt underwhelmed. The food was just okay, which, when combined with the price, was a bummer. I got the miso (hungry) and it was not bad, just not worth $12. I also ordered the duck confit buns which were also good, just not worth $10. I topped the meal off with ice cream and it was tasty,  just not worth $5. Are you seeing a theme here? Overpriced for what you get, in my opinion. The highlight to the experience was the service. Everyone was super friendly, and our waitress was top-notch. She talked to me about their sake selection, and explained how sake works (for lack of a better word). She was extremely nice, and checked in often.Ultimately, I feel neutral toward this place. I can't exactly recommend it, but also wouldn't NOT recommend it, if that makes sense. I think if you're willing to spend the money, you could do much better if you're not set on ramen; but then again, ramen is a unique dish and I don't know of any other ramen places in CLT. So... Give it a try. Or don't. Whatever. And thus ends the most useless Yelp review ever!Been looking forward to trying this spot since it opened. Yes, I'm pretty late. I checked it out today because I finally figured out where it was located. They definitely need some signage from the street. I give 10 stars for customer service, however the ramen gets 1 star. I'm biased when it comes to ramen and gyozas since I grew up in Japan. I had the Tonkotsu ramen and Gyozas. Broth was bland, and didnt have that traditional opaque pork broth base to it. The egg was way to soft for ramen, and the noodles had almost a buckwheat taste. The portion was also small for the price. The best part of the ramen was the smoked pork. I will definitely be heading to Musashi on Johnston Rd. when I need my ramen fix.  I would return to Futo Buta and try other items, great atmosphere, great staff, but definitely not a spot for ramen.Recently went here for the first time, it was good! The staff was friendly and the service was fast (although our waitress forgot to bring out our Pork Buns). The ramen was average, my bowl had a lot of noodles but not enough broth. I thought it was a little overpriced. I paid $16 for a bowl of ramen and $10 for pork buns. If you want it spicy, they charge an extra dollar. I would come back.Had the Tonkotsu Ramen. I like the toppings and extra stuff, noodles had good texture, broth just tasted salty, no other flavor. Very small place, I loved the ambiance and the decor. Ice cream was definitely five stars! Definitely go back for it. A little pricey.Pretty good food. Didn't mind the cramped space at all. It reminded me of Wagamama in London. But $14 is a lot for ramen...and there isn't a lot of protein with that. Really enjoyed the chicken appetizer and the little fried rice bites that came with one of the other dishes (a friend ordered), so order those and you won't mind the lack of protein in the other dishes :)Recommended by a work colleague, attended together. A little tricky to find by street address alone but located right on train track across and down from Taco, near parking garage and across from the media school. It was a Tuesday night and the place was packed, with a wait. It is a small place (hope you like cozy) with a combination of long tall table seating, short shelf against the wall, bar and traditional sit down. I can only imagine the wait on the weekends. We started off with some small plates, hands down the KUROBUTA PORK AND GOLDEN SCALLOP GYOZA did not linger long. Could have easily put another plate away, def recommend. The TORI KARA AGE (JAPANESE FRIED CHICKEN) I thought was OK. I would pass next time, but then again not a big fried fan. The LOW COUNTRY SMOKED PORK BELLY bun was again decent. We also tried one of the featured sushi rolls and some salmon tartare, both were decent. The FIRE N ICE Ramen - kimchi broth, hot smoked salmon, fresh mint, cabbage, shaved carrot, radish, black sesame, was every bit of wonderful and I do recommend. We ended the meal with some flavored soft serve they feature, which was a very appropriate ending after all the spices and flavors we encountered. The bar features sake, wine, and beer. Spices offered on the side to use at your own discretion include soy sauce, sesame oil, and Sriracha sauce. The crowd mostly was comprised of young professionals.Extremely hard place to find,wait staff was awesome prices are high on some things, spicy tuna and rice crispy rice is way to sticky and very small portion of tuna, steam buns need some work not fluffy and don't hold together but the product was taste, definitely give it another shotAtmosphere is nice, it's a cute little place. My favorite item are the pork belly buns, which are pretty good if you like pork belly. Futo Buta's ramen is pretty overrated for the most part. I can never finish my ramen because it is either too oily or not appropriately cooked (noodles tend to be undercooked).I am giving this place 3 stars because I always feel like I've wasted my money on the ramen - I go because of the hype but I'm always left hungry and unsatisfied (like I could go eat somewhere else) at the end of my meal.I want to give Futo Buta 5 stars based on the food alone, however, the service has lost 2 stars. We went in on a weekday around 7pm to sit at the bar and catch a soccer match while enjoying some ramen. It took the staff around 5-10 minutes to get us menus, and another 5-10 to get us waters. This all regardless of the fact that their expo was commenting on the game. I'll go again because I loved the food, maybe try takeout though.Well I just typed up a whole review but accidentally deleted it. The food is average; however I did not try any appetizers as I wasn't starving. Maybe those are noteworthy.  I had the Shoyu ramen bowl. (Pecan smoked pork belly, bamboo, scallion, onsen egg*, wakame, roasted spring onion.) It wasn't bad but it wasn't "WHOA this is good." It kind of reminded me of Miso Soup with extra stuff thrown in. Waitress was great and the concept is cool but all in all the food is just average at best.It's a ramen/weeb/hipster mix. It's fine.Situated at the corner of a street, the sign of the place only appears at the front door, but not on the side of the restaurant itself, so if it wasn't for the patrons sitting outside, I might've missed it. Ordered the toro and the Miso ramen on my visit. The toro was cut fairly thin, which is fine for nigiri, and I get that toro is expensive as hell, but having just three pieces for $16 kind of hurt internally. Especially since I've paid less for more and better fish grade for toro before.The ramen itself had a good full flavored broth with decent fixings on it. Personally could've done without the sprouts. But that's a personal preference.It was an okay experience.It's pretty convenient for those who use the light rail as it's right on the line but the ramen itself is decent.  It was not crowded with I went which was nice but I'm not sure about other times of the week.  I think that the ramen could be more flavorful but I will definitely have to come back to try again.Not exactly the most authentic Japanese ramen, but maybe I'm just spoiled. Great atmosphere and service though!Good food but did not get very much of the protein I ordered.  My fiance didn't either.  I would go back...not sure my fiance would.This ramen place is conveniently located right off of the Bland St. light rail station. The music was really loud inside the restaurant so my coworker and I decided to sit outside, which is a nice patio area.Since this place is called Futo Buta ("Fat Pig"), I thought I should try something with pork belly. We ended up ordering the tofu skewers to start and I had the miso ramen as my main dish. The presentation of the meal is good, and makes it look pretty authentic. I like the fact that they make their noodles here but wish that the noodles are a little more chewy. The broth was OK, like many other yelpers mentioned, the soup isn't very salty, which I don't mind so much, but it's not very super flavorful overall and is definitely on the greasy side. The pork belly was good and looked appetizing, but also not as flavorful as chashu pork should be (it didn't feel like the pork absorbed the flavors). I did enjoy the corn they added in the ramen, which was very sweet.I think it's unique that they do soft serve here (although a bit pricey, $5 for an order), but super awesome when it's a hot sunny day. We ended up ordering each a soft serve and tried both the strawberry banana and yuzu mango flavors they had that day. I preferred the yuzu mango flavor because the yuzu gives it a nice uplifting citrus taste to the mango's tropical flavors. We had a very filling meal and the total came out be about ~$25  per person.Pretty good food.  The restaurant is kind of small and feels overcrowded at times.  But the service was good even with so many people to attend to.I'm a fan of ramen. Yes, even the cheapo stuff. Unfortunately, like Michelle, I'm also old. I remember when you could get ten - yes, ten! - packs for a dollar. Maybe that's why I like it so. It's tough to eat so much food for a buck (sure, you need water, and heat, and it's not just a buck, but you get the idea).Anyway, it turns out that ramen has come a long way since back then. Even in the grocery store, you're paying almost twice as much. When you go to somewhere like Futo Buta, it's a whole lot more. You could buy a truckload of the stuff - even at the much higher prices.Sure, you get a great location along the light rail, and some awesome names for the dishes, along with sides like brussels sprouts that are nothing like your mom used to make (has everything changed? is nothing sacred in this world?!?), but ultimately, it's still a bowl of noodles, and yes, it is a beautiful one, but is it worth it? That's up to you.We enjoyed a great lunch there (once we found it), but it was mostly because we were sitting on the rail trail on a great day out. You see, the service wasn't so great. The food wasn't particularly memorable. If we had brought our own ramen in a thermos (yes, I used to have a thermos in a lunch box, and I could even use my OG Yelp lunch box in a pinch), I daresay it would have been about as good, and maybe even better.But the place looks great, so there is that.Montreal needs more wine bars, so I thought I'd check out this newish spot. The wine list is fairly long, but surprisingly only 3 whites and 3 reds by the glass were available. The food menu is not long, but there's a decent variety of lighter fare. I had an ok salad of grilled broccoli, etc. with a chunk of buffala mozzarella plunked in the middle. Even though I would have liked a second glass of wine, the server did not come by until after I had finished my salad. Kind of disappointing all in all.Mandy's proves you can make friends with salad. Meal-sized and then some. Fresh ingredients (and lots of 'em to choose from). No matter what regimen you're following, there's something for you here. But let's also be real for a hot minute: salads do not equal healthy if you're loading the blue cheese + candied pecans + cranberries + waterfall of dressing. (Then again, LIVE YOUR LIFE!)Had an early dinner, was intrigued by the window signage that it was just salad, well it was very good salad you have two choices you can either design your own salad with any number of options, or you can choose from the menu options. The portion of the salad was very large it is for sure a "big salad" ( Seinfeld anyone?) The price for a salad as a main was very reasonable. An enjoyable meal for sure :)Outlet was OK....not the same as the retail store.  Merchandise appears to be the same but there are little differences...thats why its the "outlet store" Make sure you check your items carefully before purchasing.  If you've never bought from the retail store, you may not know the difference.Beer 4/5

The Ugly:

Bathroom was well taken care off every time and every visit

1045pm food arrived

You don't owe me, we might change

-Volcano roll used to be $11.95, it is now $12.95.

-Great service from front desk staff and hotel staff

-Creamed corn was a joke, served in a condiment cup, it tasted like canned corn, mixed with milk and sugar. It was so watery. Not good. I have been here before and had a great time with really good food, maybe they were having an off night but i feel like it was a big waste of a meal.Decent place but the overly loud and neurotic redhead manager/waitress lady is nerve racking!!!If you go here to relax with a nice meal and a drink she will kill it. Her loud voice and constant complaining is like nails on a chalkboardStopped into this joint on NYE to grab a bite. It was dead (to be expected). Service was great! We ordered the fried pickles to start. Quite a large portion size but left the bottom of the basket covered in grease. We each ordered a lunch platter of 2 meats with a side. Was slightly disappointed in the price of the meal compared with the portion size. The sides were tiny (2-3 bites). The pulled pork, brisket and ribs were DELICIOUS. Tender, juicy, flavorful and cooked to perfection. The two sauces they have we're fantastic as well (sweet & smokey and hot &sweet). Overall, Porkopolis is a great contender, but doesn't win out over Rudy's BBQ in my book.Food was pretty good. Service was very nice. Good for kids. Would come back if in the area.The burnt ends we ordered as an appetizer were pretty good. Some pieces were a bit dried out but I am sure they're hard to keep moist. Each of the BBQ sauces were alright. The sauce on the actual burnt ends didn't have much to it. It could've use some spices, salt and vinegar. The "hot and sweet" had zero kick to it and needed more acid as did the "sweet and smoky." The Jalapeno coleslaw completely lacked salt and vinegar and again had no kick to it. The beans were also under seasoned. The Porkopolis Chef Salad was good but it again lacked seasoning as did the ranch dressing. They definitely know how to BBQ here! But basically everything was just under seasoned. This place could be so good! Keep it upMeh. That's my one-word summary of my experience. Meh.Walking into Porkopolis, I immediately liked the atmosphere. It's casual but nice. There was good music on throughout the meal. The staff was friendly and attentive throughout the meal. So far, so good.We started with the Redneck Tacos. Considering the size and flavor of this "appetizer", we should have just stopped there! This was probably the best dish of the night. Three corn cakes came out with heaping piles of cole slaw and pulled pork piled on top. Admittedly, I had gotten myself thinking it was going to be more like corn bread with those toppings on it, so I was a little disappointed that the corn cake flavor disappears in the pork and cole slaw combination, but this was pretty tasty!After sharing the Redneck Tacos, two of us got the 4-meat combo platter. I will say that the portions at Porkopolis are definitely big portions, because this 4-meat platter put the two of us under the table. Unfortunately, the flavor of the 4 meats really isn't much to write home about. We got brisket, turkey, and a double order of ribs.Brisket - I judge a BBQ establishment by the brisket. This is not good brisket, in my opinion. It came out in huge, thick slices, which was an immediate bad sign to me. It had big chunks of fat on it. Those two things right there are bad signs to me for brisket. It ended up being greasy and just OK.Turkey - I am fairly confident that this is processed turkey. We were joking around before it came out that we had ordered sandwich meat, but I was confident that we'd get nice turkey breast. Instead, we got thickly-sliced sandwich meat. It was very rubbery in consistency and just not very appealing.Ribs - This was the best of the meats. It was falling off the bone, though, which means that it probably was overcooked. And considering the amount of sauce on it, I'd say that they know that the meat was dry from the overcooking. But they were still pretty decent.Green beans and baked beans - The stars of the night, honestly. I really enjoyed the baked beans and would have liked a serving that was more than a couple spoonfuls. It was the only item of the night for which the serving was entirely too small. And the green beans were just plain delicious. Perfectly cooked with delicious seasoning.The green beans, baked beans, and Redneck Tacos are the only reasons for 3 stars on this rating. The meat itself is 2 stars at best.Maybe we should have listened to the server and ordered the meat loaf. It sounded pretty interesting on the menu. I don't think I'll be back, but if I ever am, maybe I'll take that route.Meh.I had the Porkopolis 3 meat platter with brisket, pulled pork and baby back ribs.  It comes with 2 sides, I chose BBQ beans and mac & cheese.  The meats were all delicious.  The brisket had a perfect burnt top and the meat was juicy and fell apart.  Meat fell off the baby back ribs.  The pulled pork was also good, but I chunk of turkey or chicken fat in the middle.  The BBQ beans were good, however they were rather small and seemed more like a sweet chili.  I didn't care for the mac and cheese, Kraft is better.  I was going to give 4 until I found the chunk of fat in the pulled pork.We had previously tried Brady's BBQ at the 4 Peaks Locals Festival BBQ Competition back in April and were quite impressed.  We happened to be the in the area and though, when in Rome eat some pig.  Although I enjoyed my BBQ at the festival, it wasn't as good the 2nd time around.  We arrived for a late lunch/early dinner and the restaurant was pretty empty.  We were greeted right away and offered a table in the bar area.  Our server was also the bartender and was a nice guy, was helpful with my menu questions and very prompt on delivering our food to our table.At the Festival, I had the chance to try their burnt ends and their ribs from their competition team and decided to go that route again.  This time the love got lost somewhere, the ends were good but not as good as I remember.  After taking the first layer off the top, the basket was revealed to have a ¼ inch layer of standing grease in the bottom.  For entrees I ordered the Beef Brisket French Dip and The Boy got the 2 meat platter of pork ribs and brisket.  My French dip was just ok, the au ju it came with lacked flavor.  The boy liked his ribs (fall off the bone) and the brisket was just ok.  The 2 sides he ordered were really disappointing.  The mac and cheese looked delicious but was deceptively spicy and the mashed potatoes looked like someone had scooped them out of pot and plopped them on the plate.  I am not expecting presentation but the potatoes tasted as lack luster as they looked.I think some of my love was also lost because everything there was spicy.  Now I love me some flavor, but everything we ordered was heat spicy from the mild BBQ sauce to the spicy salt on my fries.  At one point I was so over the spice, I wanted to steal the slice of white bread off his platter just to have something that wouldn't burn my mouth.The final off put was the staff.  I know we got there early but there was at least 8-10 staff members just milling about.  A couple of staff members at the bar, not sure if they were all staff but 2 of the 4 were wearing company shirts and their loud topics of conversation was not work appropriate and were offensive.  One waitress even proclaimed to be the "Khaleesi of Feral Cats" which was just, odd.  Idle servers are the devil's work, especially when I have to ask for a refill on my empty water.Hopefully our experience was just an off day at Porkopolis but it will be some time before we return to see if things have changed.I almost feel guilty writing a review when all I had was a salad...at a BBQ joint.  Any way, I got the brisket salad.  Brisket was ok...sauce was good.  Candied pecans, blue cheese, strawberries...good stuff.The rest of the menu looked good so I guess we can chalk this review up for the salad and I will update when I have some true BBQ.We have eaten here before and the food was good but not tonight. We ordered for pick up and the most of the meat was very dry. My son could not even eat the brisket it was that bad. Not sure we will go backGood just not as good as expected.  Fan of  owner's radio show, so  probably have high expectations from always hearing about this place. Brisket had good flavor,  ribs over cooked, pulled pork a bit briny. Pork rinds were also good.  Siracha sauce was good. Service was above average.I had such high hopes for this place!  I ordered the mac and cheese with the pulled pork and crumbled bacon and corn bread.  The pulled pork was awesome, great flavor, not too sweet and not too smokey.  The service was fantastic as well but the mac and cheese and the corn bread were less than stellar.  The cornbread was COLD yes, cold no butter nothing!  The mac and cheese had zero flavor.  It literally tasted like buttered noodles with some cheese sprinkled on top....I love mac and cheese...I even eat microwave mac and cheese and it was better than this...I was sad.  I might try it again and maybe have a dish with a different side but how can you serve cold corn bread.... :-(Been hearing about this place for a while.  Finally got to show up.So, as I always do in a new place, I get the pulled pork.  That is my measurement standard for BBQ places.  My wife got a platter that had pork and brisket.  So "how was it?" you ask...My sandwich was pretty good.  The pork was very tender (as it should be), and the sauce was OK.  I would have liked a bit more of a smoke to the meat, maybe a bit more rub too.  But it was pretty good.  My wife's brisket was fall-apart tender, but again needed a bit more smoke and rub flavor.  To their credit they go light on the sauce.  You want to add to the flavor of the meat, but not cover it up.  They were successful there as I could taste the meat very clearly.  Which is how I know it needed a better rub and some more smoke.I got beans as my side.  The quantity was a joke.  Seriously.  Not much bigger than a shot glass.  Maybe two regular shot glasses.  And that's it.  Why even bother?  I also got to try their french fries.  Lightly seasoned, but heavily salted.  Too much salt (and I LIKE salt!).  The dirty rice was very nice (I got to sample that also).So Joe's Real BBQ has nothing to worry about.  They stomp this place into the ground.  Dave's also beats them (by a bit in terms of flavor, but by a LOT in portion size).  And Rudy's is probably better too.  So I don't really have any reason to come here.  They are "pretty good", but nothing to get excited about.  There are several better choices in the east valley that I could go to first.Been hearing the hype on the radio show for a while now. Drove an hour to try some hyped BBQ.I really wanted to love the place. Honestly it was severely average. Let me be fair and say that if they had one closer, I would be an occasional customer, maybe once or twice per year. Since they are so far, I won't likely be back. Don't think it's because of the distance. This fat boy will drive for HOURS to eat somewhere awesome. I plan my vacations around food. The food isn't worth a long drive.My brisket was dry and it needed a fork and knife. I think as BBQ connoisseurs we can likely all agree that brisket should NEVER need a knife. Fork tender, pull apart, what ever you want to describe as your idea of proper brisket cooking, this was none of them.Mac n Cheese was pretty good.

I am little bit disappointed.The prices for 2 burgers (veggie and peanut butter burger) and 1 lemon pie homemade (with over-dozed sugar flavor in one side and strong lemon taste at the center) total $20-ish.Peanut butter burger was good especially for them who love peanut butter in their burger.WOW  what a gem- cool spot for a off the grid epecurian delight.  Mike and Lou got it covered from Wiskey to Grits and Carlonia slaw  Fried chicken  a must  get the Big Jim or the Carol.  I will be back for Brunch next time I am in PHX. They serve PBR...Get that... PBR 16oz...Need to stock some Old Smokey shine...Went here with some friends on Saturday for brunch. Ordered the Big Jim and sunrise. The big JIM was a little salty and the sunrise just didn't hit the mark. The chorizo was excellent.  The holy puerco was the best dish, I highly recommend. I will return for lunch and dinner to see if it gets better. I would recommend going at least once, don't be afraid of the neighborhood.Thank you again fellow Yelpers!  I tried this place based on your reviews and I am happy that I did!Tonight I had the PB&B burger.  Crunchy peanut butter, B&B pickles, bacon and cheddar.  I selected fries over coleslaw.  I also upgraded for $3 to Poutine fries.  Add on tasty beignets dusted in local honey and powdered sugar for desert.What are Poutine fries you ask?  They are the staple food in the Toronto area.  French fries smothered in country gravy and melted cheese.  A little to crazy for your taste buds?  No worries.  They have normal food too.  Welcomediner.netWe were looking around for a restaurant to go to in the Phoenix area & saw the raving reviews on Yelp of Welcome Diner in the heart of Phoenix, so we decided to stop by. It is completely in the middle of no where ... and in fact, for a minute or two as we were driving down Roosevelt St, we really thought that Siri was getting us lost. We got to the diner at the perfect time, however, because they were just turning on the lights and the small outdoor restaurant space was illuminated, making for a perfect setting to enjoy a Saturday night meal.As far as the food goes, I left thinking, "yes, fried chicken, absolutely delicious ... Everything else? Well, it was just alright."We ordered two Hurricanes for drinks and a Bumblebee, a Big Jim, and the Poutine Fries for our meal. It was still happy hour (goes from 3p-7p ... pleasantly surprised that it was also on a Saturday), so the Hurricanes and Poutine Fries were $6 each (instead of regular price, $8). The Hurricanes were tasty but after a few sips, it kind of tasted like orange juice & liquor (not complaining, just saying it wasn't anything fancy). The Poutine Fries, in my opinion, had too much gravy but my date enjoyed them. I kind of wish we would've just gotten a plate of their regular fries because the fries themselves were really good. Their sandwiches were of course huge, very messy, and a little difficult to eat, but the fried chicken with the honey on the Bumblebee was so tasty, it was worth it. I removed the chicken off the biscuits and the biscuits were ignored; also, I thought that the honey mustard was unnecessary and I'm not a huge fan of pickles so I picked those off too. I'd say that I really wouldn't mind just ordering fried chicken and honey next time if/when we go back. My date enjoyed the Big Jim. He liked the combination of cheese, gravy, and chicken all together.The people who worked there were really nice and came by and asked us if everything was good. After a while though, I could feel that what I had eaten was way too heavy. In hindsight, I probably would've ventured to try the Vegan Jackfruit Po'Boy or the fish po'boy since those seem like lighter options.Definitely a place worth checking out ... Just not one that I'd visit frequently.I think I'm being nice with three stars...but I seriously had high hopes for this place! My friend and I came here so pumped to try this hidden treasure.Our drinks were on point. I got the Hurricane and my friend got a Whiskey Sour. Then the food came out fast. Maybe too fast. We both got a burger. One was the one with the jalapeño slaw and the other one with peanut butter. I kid you not, the biggest concern was that the middle of the burger was practically raw. There was no grilled crisp to the burger and even the outside of the burger wasn't very hot at all. I'm hoping they were just busy and this was an off night because that was really disappointing.To give them the benefit of the doubt, I did order a burger with peanut butter on it and it was the first time I've ever tried something like this but not only did I feel underwhelmed, my friend did also.To top it off, the bill was over $20 and the food was sub-par. Will I try this place again? Possibly with some liquid courage.I want to love this place, but the service is terrible. However, the food is AMAZING. We came here on a Friday night at around 7 and it was decently busy. The thing about this restaurant is they make you tip before you get your food. I made the mistake of tipping 17%. While the food came out pretty fast, the staff forgot my boyfriend's drink, and left a whole entree off of our order (which we paid for!). All we got was a "sorry". After finishing our meal, we had to wait a whole 15 min for the side of fries we ordered to be brought with our sandwiches. No offer to make up for their mistakes. Being in the service industry for over 10 years, I have to say that that is no way to treat a first time customer whos experience was ruined due to lack of attention to detail. I would have expected a free drink or dessert, but it seems like the staff could care less about keeping patrons satisfied. I can't blame them though, they are super understaffed. I feel bad for any bartender who also has to wear the hat of a food runner AND a busser. Be weary of tipping over 10%, you don't want to regret it like I did. Come here for the food, not the service!Great burgers, but we waited 45 minutes to get our food ... That's crazy.  Kitchen is way too small, and service people were friendly but clueless.A great spot to come to for some late night dining. The food isn't amazing, it's greasy and certainly not healthy, but at 1am who cares. Definately not the cleanest joint in town, but character makes up for it. I reccomend it if you've got no other options.I am going to hold total  judgement on this hippy hangout but be warned: check the prices BEFORE you go.  Two tiny  biscuit orders and gravy fries will set you back $30 and then add a drink with tip and tax you will be out $40.  I mean really.  Nice  place for skinny females who eat like a bird but if you are a construction worker who wolfs down 3 Big Macks, fries, and jumbo  soda at the burger stand, eating like that here will cost you a weeks pay.I liked it.Pros: loved the atmosphere, the ambiance, and the food.  It was downtown fun and hipster.  The food I ordered, fried green tomato sandwich and the big Jim, were very flavorful and tasty!Con's: Big Jim needed more gravy!  It was so good but after 2 bites the gravy was gone and I was left with dry biscuit on awesome fried chicken. So the two bites I had...great!  The rest....a little dry.  And I hate to say it, but it took 45 minutes to get our food, 30 to get a single drink order.  This killlllss me!! Buuut it is a small place.  Verdict:  Glad I went and had a great time!  Will I be back?  Nope.  Once was enoughFun place. Music is mostly good. Drinks over priced. Lot of hot latin guys. But its hard if u dont speak spanish well. N clickish. But becareful lots of cops in area.Ihavent been here in a year. I used to love coming here but i realized the djs suck. Never play a request and dont know how to keep asteady beat. Its probably the only 18+ club for gay guys on the weekend next to forbidden or whatever they call it now. I havent been during bar hours cuz i just turned 21. The crowd is all latino gay guys with a couple of black and white guys. The outdoor patio is pretty big with benches tables and a huge fountain that looks like everyones been in it someway or another. The dance floor is medium sized and has a few mini stages in every corner. 5 bucks fridays and saturdays for 18+ after 2am. If u ask me, its not really worth it. If you do go, get hi or drunk before you do.Cute little latin club. Only been here Sat nights and it's $5 cover past 2 AM. Good music but dance floor gets packed and not the biggest. Parking can get to be a pain on those nights too. A plus for the younger crowd is it's an 18+ club. Neat patio area in the back. Give it a try!Great atmosphere and music, definitely fun to dance your butt off - after 2pm there is no alcohol and it turns into 18+, stays open until 4am.only complaint was the drinks, pretty watered down and each bartender had a different price for the same drink..Everything you could want out of a run of the mill strip bar.Decent looking girls..

 Karaoke forms a popular part of the weekend goings on here and during the Fringe the function suite is utilised as a venue for PBH's Free Fringe for comedy performances so the crowd in what is not a particularly large space can swell to very intimate numbers.

All types of Vegas souvenirs

swimming pool area not big enough. Other than that it was all good. =)Decent rooms.  Comfortable beds.  Monorail stop inside the hotel was a definite plus.  Seems like the clean staff likes to park their carts near the rooms that have the "Do not disturb" signs on their doors (i.e. mine) and proceed to bang their supplies and talk super loud...which is not cool when you're trying to sleep off the night before.  Also the walls must be pretty thin if I could hear nearby toilets flush.  Allegedly, there is free wi-fi included in whatever miscellaneous fee they tack onto the bill, however not once was I able to tap into it with my tablet nor my phone.  Also the room seemed to be pretty dusty as both myself and my sister left with agitated allergies and unhappy sinuses.  Plus a fart-fan in the bathroom would have been nice... no bueno.  But for the price, it's exactly what I thought it would be, thus the 3-star rating.2nd time staying at Harrah's and it is what it is. Small pool, older rooms but cheap and a good location.I have stayed at Harrah's twice now in the past 5 years.  After reading thru some of the other reviews on here I feel like I have to give it the review the hotel deserves. This is going to be long winded!This is NOT the Wynn.... this is NOT the Venetian.... this is NOT a five star hotel.  If you didn't realize that before booking it maybe you should skip your vacation.  But if you are looking for clean rooms, friendly staff and prime location this is your place. They also do not offer free wifi - but if you're lucky you can pick up on the Venetian's.This hotel is in a prime spot on the strip - right in the middle!  That is why you stay here.  You also stay here because you can get crazy good rates on the room nights and not waste all your fun/play money on the hotel that you only spend time in to sleep!The pool is the type of pool you would see in a regular hotel that is not a resort or destination.  It is not a jumbo or luxury pool that most of the other hotels offer.  They don't make any indication that you would get that type of pool either.  It was too hot for us to sit by the pool while we were here but we did take a look - and it was just what we expected an average run of the mill hotel pool.The first time we stayed we were in one of the towers that was right next to a large parking garage - you could hear everything outside the windows.  The second time we stayed in the renovated tower and could not hear one sound from the outside. Both times we upgraded our room for about $15 a night - that is a really good deal.  We landed around 11:30 and planned to drop our bags and do some sightseeing before getting into our room - there was no line at the reception desk and the wonderful woman was able to get us a room that we could get right in to that also included a mini fridge (these do not come with the room and unless you need it for medicine there is a small nightly fee).  The rooms were always clean.  They did have trouble with their AC the second night we were there but fixed it as soon as they could.The casino/main floor is always kept clean and the staff were always friendly.They have the carnival court right outside that is a really fun way to end the night with some really entertaining bartenders.They offer a shuttle service to any of the other Harrah's affiliated properties for free.  They also have a shuttle that will take you to the airport for $7 a piece - beats a $20 taxi ride!Excellent casino floor, but the rooms are haggard. We had a handicap room and the shower was abysmal. The water pressure was awful. I like that there are TWO Starbucks in this hotel, though. The pool is decent but basic. Finding the parking entrance is a pain in the ass.Stayed here 3 nights. Waited 30min to check in. Requested to be near our group. Was given a room in opposite tower. Had to get back in line to get it changed, per the rude lady at counter who ushered us to another desk. Paid for premium room with view of the strip. Was given a basic room with view of a parking garage. Had some unidentified nastiness on the wall. Outdated decor. Can hear neighbors and people in the hall. Casino population is a lot of older folks.Pros: Toby Keith's bar is awesome. Great atmosphere and music. Had $15 all u can drink for ladies on night we were there. Great location on strip, near McD's, Denny's, chipotle, mall at Ceaser's. We would not stay here again but I would stay somewhere near here as it was a good location along strip.For a cheap hotel located in the CENTER of the strip, this is excellent. It's way better than what used to be Imperial Palace (now The Quad), which is located right next to it. Rooms are standard and spacious. Be aware though, they don't really clean the rooms thoroughly - the cabinets in our room were sticky when we came in. Yuck. Anyways, room service is friendly and were always speedy when we asked for more towels. The hotel itself did not smell like smoke which was a plus. We stayed in Carnaval tower so I can't be the judge for anywhere else. You're able to check out from the TV which is an interesting feature. I don't stay in hotels often so sorry if this is old news. It wasn't working in our room though. Parking here isn't that great. It's actually kind of hard to find! Located in the back!We are Harrahs fans as we go to Atlantic City 4 or 5 times a year so we booked Harrahs in Vegas. We did get comp rooms so we can complain really. Staff over all were quite friendly, Sue & Jenny Pow Gai Poker dealers were nice and helpful as we had never played before. Jon on the Craps is a very friendly guy and has great customer service skills.

-Alarm clock was set to wrong time

Lemon tart - 3

Very Comfortable beds



O as in "Oh!"

The  burgers are tasty and the quality of meat is 3 1/2 out of 5. The toppings are fresh and choices endless (this is the reason I'm giving them 3 stars)

Would like to try their food next time.  They have a interesting menu items I would like to taste.Not bad. I come here because it is so close to UNLV. Good drinks- try the waffle macchiato!Food is A-OK. I like that they have vegetarian and vegan options, but the waffles and sandwiches aren't anything too amazing or memorable to me. It's worth a try if you're really into waffles, but for me the food menu items are just whatever. So far I've had the cinnamon waffle, elvis, and vegetarian wafflewich. I'll keep trying more items and update if anything deserves recognition.

Curries - really large and good flavors

The burger.  Although my brother's was good, I have to give my rating based on my food mainly, and the burger needed help.  I think this is probably a consistency thing however, not a major problem.  Once in a while food is not perfect.What would make this place 5 stare?I'd have a hard time making this a 5 star joint, which has nothing to do with its food, but its marketing.  I think a 5 star joint has to be at the top of its particular field.  Wine 5 actually sits between two types, upscale and diner/breakfast place.  Since it is not at the top of former, I can't give it the full 5.  But that's just how I play the ratings game...Bottom line:  Great menu with fresh variety and something for everyone.  I'll definitely go back to see if I can give it that fourth star...This place will get 3 stars for now, based off of the food. I will go back and try it again, and maybe I will revise this.We went here for Sunday brunch. They don't have too much of a selection for brunch and they stopped serving breakfast at 12. We like to sleep in late on the weekends, but I like places that serve breakfast until later on the weekends. So it was a bad choice for us. We both love eggs benedict, so that's what we both ordered. They only had one kind available, and it was sliced pork. It was a little odd to me, and it was good, but different. I'm usually very open minded when it comes to a lot of things. My mother is Filipino, and they eat some really odd things. So I've tried everything more than once before I usually make up my mind. The sauce wasn't hollandaise sauce either. I couldn't figure it out for the life of me what it was. The other odd thing is they served carmalized onions ontop of some of the fruit which made it warm. That was not very appealing to me.I would like to try a couple of other breakfast dishes here again. The place has a pretty good selection on the menu and it's a quiant little place. The serve was good, but the waiter was a little too attentive. Such as making a little too many odd remarks and checking up a little too often. It was a little slow in there, but you shouldn't bother your customers too much when they don't seem needy.Food, service, and price satisfactory.Interesting breakfast with a flair from Kenya.  The great burrito is my daughter's favorite.  The smell of the waffles is wonderful but its arrival prove otherwise.  Try the Kenyan ginger tea!  Slow service with each meal prepared fresh for the customer.The service was excellent I would give 5 stars for that.  Only thing i hope improves is the hush puppie was cold as if it was just taken out of the fridge and not fresh same for sweet potatoe fries or whatever they were were cold, hard and perhaps microwaved a day before then slight reheated?Catfish very good.As usual I'm trying to be objective and rate an establishment on three aspects: food, service and interior space.Food:

Parking lot sucks...

I eat escargot all over the world and this was one of  the worst ....visually it looked good but far too much "fufu" around the tiny snails, very little garlic taste and served warm. ... My error in not turning it back immediately.My venison was cooked correctly and tastes very good, my wife's filet was more medium than MR,  which she had asked for.Sides were excellent in taste but way overpriced for the small portion

   The prices are on the high side. And that is why I only brought one item: a beer for later.I have never actually been in the store. I go to this Albertson's to refill my water bottles. So this ***REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE GLACIER WATER REFILL AREA***. It's always clean around the area. It's a little far away from the store but it serves its purpose. The last time I went, the machine would not accept my money. Just kept spitting the coins back out. In Colorado, the Glacier water machines take credit cards. Maybe u all should update. It is 2013.Certainly not the lowest price supermarket, but they do have some good specials occasionally. My biggest complaint is not specifically towards this store, but all Albertson stores in general...as all Albertson stores removed all their self check out registers....which means, if you only have a couple of items to buy, your still forced to wait in long lines at the regular cashiers.7-11's in my opinion are all the same. Nothing ever stands out unfortunately. This store is no exception. Needed water and they had it, duh!  Price for 2 bottles of water was $2 no tax. A-ok with me.You can ever get good service in gas station. They think you don't need to get good service when you are pumping gas.My mom found this place in 1998. She purchased a sapphire ring. It was a very nice ring and unique and she is very happy with it. The only issues I have is with the service and prices. I think the employees should be a little more attentive to customers and the prices could be a little more competitive.I've had a bunch of watches recently cleaned and new batteries and by all means that was great. My aunt recommended them and i needed some bracelets re strung with new clasps and don't get me wrong they came out perfect. Unfortunately she never sized it correctly and 1 dost fit at all and the other is tight. craftsman ship is on point but i was never given the option of choice of clasp and was never sized correctly.There is only one reason to give an otherwise-mediocre convenience store a review. And that reason is Slurpees. Coming from a state that doesn't have 7-11s,, you had to pay for a $10 movie ticket, then shell out about $5, to get Icees- and that was as close as you could get to a Slurpee.This convenience store is conveniently located and gets multiple visits from me. On good days, I'll celebrate with a Slurpee. On bad days, I'll seek one out as comfort food. Needless to say, the convenience has made my frequent Slurpee habit border on addiction.BF gets lucky when I stop here, and I'll often grab him some sunflower seeds, beer, or a treat from the pastry case for something sweet. Downside to this location is that they inconsistently stock some of their foods and it's always hit or miss whether or not they'll have the whole seeds in stock without having to grab some bizarre flavor like dill pickle.Staff here are friendly in a way that you don't usually see in a convenience store- they'll make conversation and remember you after a few visits, unlike cashiers I'm used to getting who look like they hate their lives and wish they were anywhere but work.Outside sparkles and looks fun and inviting.  Clothes are unique, but not well-made at all, and very, very expensive. $450.00 for a little Lycra t-shirt with not well-stitched seams.  $950.00 for a similar skirt.  However, I like the idea of the place.When you feel nothing to do, you can come here.Really wish they would mix up my green tea latte. Seeing bits of green on the sides plus a line of green powder on the bottom & getting chunks thru my straw was not my best Starbucks experienceMy go-to Starbucks when working in the Hendo area! Definitely always busy and a lot better since the renovation! Drive-thru is one of the slowest, much recommended to get out of your car and go inside! Can't complain for always satisfying my coffee cravings!Well, I mean, it's starbucks, what's there to say? Drive-through is efficient and convenient, drinks are consistent with typical Starbucks quality. One incident, however: that was definitely NOT a soy latte *gurgle* .... -___-If you want something quick and pretty good "asian food" go for it.  I wasn't disappointed it was exactly what I expected.  The old Teriyaki Chicken Bowl from Jack is better.I love Teriyaki bowls,  They have these little franchises around the valley.  You get a good sized portion and they have various options.  I go to this one because it's by my work. It can get pretty crowed at lunch. There are usually a couple workers who are doing back flips in the kitchen.  The only complaint I have with this location is it usually takes a long time to get your food.  The last few times I have gone I noticed that people where picking up called in orders.  I always forget to do that.  This is why I only gave them 3 stars.  The food is great though!  Get the spicy chicken bowl and add veggies.  Cheers!Good, but left my ipad there.......went looking for it. A very expensive lunch. Plus the person who took my order had a bad attitude. To many other good places in the area to deal with that.Teriyaki in a bowl ? quick order? SPICY chicken? I'm sold, although how its right next to 24hour fitness throws me off a bit. But their meat is nicely marinated and cooked, along with veggies and an option of either white or brown rice, and even noodles!I have only tried this place once so I cannot comment on much of their food however I can tell you about what I got. The stir fry with noodles and veggies was really good and I had Chicken Katsu on the side. The Katsu was okay, nothing wrong with it at all... I mean honestly the food was good.... not great... but good. If you are in the mood for this type of food and  you are close by I would absolutely stop by. I myself would probably not come back on my own accord. If a friend invited me I would for sure go again.. however my choice.. I like L&L much better. Give this place a try for yourself and you decide. It was not horrible... but it was not that great...easy location, good service.  they were out of stock on a 7/8 hose 90d elbow, but came up with a solution that works.After the leaving the UPS store in Pebble Marketplace, I drove to Von's for a money order. Coincidental there is a UPS store in the Von's  shopping center. I decided to see if all Henderson UPS stores are customer unfriendly. You know, telling you in a rushed way that they don't do money orders after 2 PM, when it is 2:15 PM, one person serving customers, etcetera (please read my review of the Pebble Marketplace UPS store).

2) The menu! I loved the garlic knots, and the prices are reasonable. I have to come back and try the pizza, I've heard its great!All in all.... a good time was had! I will be back!I like Danny, like eating, so  tried Vamp's. Thursday afternoon lunch service was slow, one waitress, food good  and fair  priced.  The drinks, however,  were weak and expensive in $8-9 range, really didn't want to order too many rounds while waiting  for the Bella pork  ribs $15. They were tasty but took  a little under an hour to leave kitchen. This restaurant experiences reveals Danny's  darks  side, medieval hatchets, skulls and black alligator leather seats an interesting contrast to the fresh outgoing  persona we see on TV greeting strangers.We went in here to grab some beers & kill some time during a weekday afternoon.  The screens were playing blurry VH1 rock videos from the 80s & the place was dead besides a couple of guys wearing NASCAR jackets sitting at the bar.  I'm guessing it reels in plenty of tourist considering who the owner is.  I was in the mood for a nice cold beer & asked the bartender what were my options?  It was very limited.  I asked her what the house blend or whatever they call it was on tap.  She informed me it was similar to Coors.  Wow...I hadn't had a beer that watery since high school.  I ordered one Stella, drank it swiftly & was on my way. I won't be coming back to sample their ales.  I'd be curious to see a live show there sometime...or maybe not?  I'm sure it's better at night on the weekend.  Again...this review was mid-day mid-week.  They do need to get some some craft beers in there though.  2.5 stars is more accurate for my experience, but my experience was swift & limited to a single beer.kinda of a crazy rocker bar...

I am still a skeptic of everything he did. Not sure how he did, other than the volunteers were part of his group.

I slinked away around 12:30 and by this time it was filled up quite nicely.  My buddy seemed cool with this, but he was drunk, wish I had been too.PROS

- poolside = nice area with two large pools.  but closes at 6pm.  hello?  what is the point of that?  the sun hadn't even set yet!  and vegas is full of drunkards and people w/out poolside etiquette.  this means towels and trash left all over the place.  open chairs were hard to find.  they had 1 waitress for each side of the pool.  there were at least 60 people on each side.  needless to say, the food/beverage service sucked. - valets = very courteous.

I wish I would be more excited but unfortunately my only experience is that it was nice and not more than that.It was okay. Nothing extraordinary. The meat was cooked perfectly, but the overall flavor of the burger wasn't anything memorable. The fries were hard and not very good. The jalapeno peppers were good. Honestly, I'd rather have eaten at Red Robin. They also serve Pepsi and not Coke products. I know that's not a big deal to some, but to me the quality of the drinks is important when enjoying my meal. The chairs are also really uncomfortably low to the ground. Every time I would see the server seat someone you could tell they couldn't get comfortable because of how low the chairs are. Our waiter was nice and very knowledgable.It's was a pretty good burger but not worth the overall hype.   Definitely not worth the long wait I still feel bachi burger is better. The fries were okay as well. But having to wait an hour to be seated and another hour to be served killed the experience.Burger was wonderful.  The fries were horrible. The wait was super long and there were plenty of open tables with no one sitting at them.Burgers are juicy, kale salad essentially had minimal kale leaves, waited 20 minutes (still waiting..) for the check, our waitress was a lot nicer to the Caucasian group a few tables away.. Had better expectations.Went here expecting a fantastic burger! I was slightly disappointed. I got the Hells Kitchen Burger. It was good but did not knock my socks off. It was nothing extra special. The truffle fries were the best part. The parmesan and seasoning was throughout the entire thing and not just on the top few fries, which I liked. But the burger does not automatically come with the fries, you have to order them separately. Burger $15, fries $11.  Also had the antioxidant berry cocktail, again, good but not worth the $13 price tag. It is more expensive then it should be but you are on the strip and in a Ramsay restaurant so that was to be expected. Honestly, I would rather go to Red Robin for my burger and fry needs.Been here a couple times first time the service was terrible so bad I left change on the table. This most recent time the service was way better for the waiter the hostess looked pissed and didn't even greet us. The fries were good but weren't cooked fully. We had the parmesan truffle fries the mayo sauce is awesome! Ordered one of there specialty drinks the spicy margarita and it came with some leaf that ruined the entire drink I couldn't stop smelling the weird leaf after i took it out. Had the farm burger and had to have it sent back as the egg was over cooked took another 20 minutes for me to get my new burger which the egg was cooked right but the burger was burnt this time. I ended up paying and leaving after taking 2 bites. Overall I most likely wouldn't go back they need Gordon to come in and give them hellDon't want to say too much food was good but not so wow for the price, service is ok the big problem is the waiting time to get inBlah. Not impressed. First off I want to say, what a waste of gas that's fuming at the front of the store! NOT NECESSARY.Anyway the vain Gordon Ramsey is everywhere in this restaurant. You see his face in the front, throughout inside the restaurant, so creepy, felt like he was watching me eat my food. The burgers were just OK. Very described and difficult to picture. It's also very messy. Also their jalapeño poppers are fried to brown and you dip it in some mayo that does not sit well after you eat.The staff was friendly though :)I really had high expectations coming in, and it really was a good experience.  I just think 120.00 for burgers and fries for a family of four is a lot.  If fries were included with the 16 to 19 dollar burgers it would definitely rate four or 4.5 stars.  The Parmesan fries were the family favorite and they went quickly.  We also got the jalapeño poppers for the table and they were spicy for the kids, but we're done pretty well.  If your gonna get a shake I recommend the toffee.  It was almost like eating the best part of a Carmel sundae.  The burgers were very good and cooked as they were ordered and the kids ate them up quickly, no complaints.I m a big fan of Ramsay's "Hell" series.  Everything is okay about this restaurant.  But the design of the table is the worst.  Table is too low n waiter/waitress look at you like Hawk Eye.  Ramsay, how you put this German architectural design into your restaurant ;)Being a HUGE Gordon Ramsay fan, I was beyond ecstatic to try BurGR. It was good, but nothing more than that. I wouldn't say I left disappointed, but I went in with such high hopes and it wasn't all that I had expected.Lacking a good local beer selection, maybe I just didn't comprehend the lack of local beers in a city like Las Vegas. That said I took the recommended squatter's hop riot for $7. Beer was served in a highball glass, not a pint glass, a bit pretentious for my taste.The location of this is a bit odd, in the lobby of Planet Hollywood, but attempting to separate itself. My original server was great, but as soon as I made my food order he seemingly disappeared. A kitchen assistant delivered my food, and another server bussing table refilled my water. A third server brought and processed my check, I never saw my original server again. Having come at opening, that was a bit of a surprise.At $15, the hell's kitchen burger left me wanting a bit more, as in quality not in quantity. For something that's supposed to be the best, it just isn't. Good yes, best no. It's a cut above average, but nothing that blew me away. Maybe a trip to the $100+ per person Ramsay Steakhouse would leave a better impression on me.This burger was better than your standard burger. But I have a smaller appetite and this was what I would consider to be a much smaller burger for the price. On top of that I didn't find this burger particularly outstanding in any way. Its way better than your standard burger but with so many craft burger joints out nowadays I wouldn't rate this among the top by any means. The wait for the place did not help. 40min wait for a sub par burger. Don't let this stop you from an experience. As I do believe this is one of the places to say, "you've eaten at" in Las Vegas. Just don't expect to be blown away.There is long line, especially there is more than 3 parties. (You need to ask for a seat for more than 3 parties on the front desk.)In my opinion, foods are good if you drink with beer or wine because burgers and fries are  little salty and strong seasoning. I just ate them with water.And they asked me to add extra mushroom and eggs on the burgers. I said "Yes" but didn't ask about the additional costs. each side is $3. (total: 6 dollars for mushroom and egg)

2. Picking up someone isn't too bad except at busiest holidays.  They really seem very obsessed with keeping the traffic flowing. These traffic cops are don't put up with BS and will ticket those who make it tougher on everyone else driving in.

for the most part these can be done at home or down the street @ bike saviours for pennys on the $

*Great Location and Offers Multiple Locations

Service: not so muchMy friend's sandwich was missing BOTH type of cheeses that were suppose to come with it. And yes, I know it was 4am in the morning when I arrived. You probably dealt with a buttload of drunken rude biatchz right before me such as that ***** who was annoying the heck out of me thinking she was cute slurring her 10 words sentence into one word, but it gives you no right, NO RIGHT at all to take it out on us! Will I come back? I sure will! Pretty good for a 24 hour joint, but it's not on my must visit any more. Good bye, dear friend! See you when I'm starved and there's nowhere else I rather go.Will make this short and sweet: overrated. Every sandwich tastes like a higher-end item at Jack in the Box or something. Luckily, price range is right around there as well so you don't really expect TOO much.Nothing better than a great sandwich to help nurse a hangover! Much higher quality than the normal Subway or Quiznos at a great price for the strip. The bread and mustard totally make the sandwiches and the salads are appropriately dressed (unlike many of the patrons). This is a great stop either for lunch or late night snack.Maybe I hyped myself about this place too much? Maybe I was feeling too crappy to enjoy my sandwich? Maybe it was the rude ladies working behind the counter that gave me dirty looks? Whatever the reason, I didn't think my full montagu sandwich was as delicious as everyone hyped it about. I'm a tad bit disappointed, but fully ready to go again and give this place another try. Will updated this review again once it happens.First of all, let me just say how long I've waited to try Earl of Sandwich (over a year), how excited I was to try Earl of Sandwich (fuckin excited), and then how pissed I was when I couldn't even take a picture of the thing because it was so pathetic-looking (really fuckin pissed).I think like six of my friends ordered the Full Montagu, so I decided to go with the Original. It usually doesn't get much safer than "the Original," but I was so disappointed. No, I was devastated at how much of a letdown this sandwich was. The bread is good, but it was the best part about the sandwich. The fuckin BREAD. I could tell that Earl was going with a completely different concept with his sandwich than Ike (@ Lime). Whereas Ike mindfucks you with an avalanche of ingredients and flavors, Earl keeps his sandwiches as simple as possible. My Original had bread, meat, and sauce. That's it. I wanted so badly to appreciate the simplistic beauty of it, but I couldn't. It's just too boring.I had a bite of the Full Montagu, I was not impressed. I had a bite of the Italian. I was decently impressed. I've heard good things about the Hawaiian, so I'll come back to try that. If it sucks too, then I am done with you Earl. You've literally broken my heart. Bastard.Thank you for being there for my post-Krave insanity at 4am. You totally helped mitigate my hangover hours later.We hit up the Earl of Sandwich because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews here on Yelp. Overall, however, the food was just okay.We tried the Full Montagu since this was the most highly recommended sandwich of the lot. Not really flavorful, just okay.We also tried the tomato soup and chicken Caesar salad, again, all just okay.  The chocolate chip cookie we got for dessert was the tastiest part of the meal.Relatively cheap for Vegas, but definitely not worth the wait.Solid sammiches ... Very inexpensive ... Not as broad a selection as I'd likeFor the Strip I guess it's good.  Since I stay away from that area at all costs, I can't really comment on too much that goes on since I prefer to not get rooked and eat in the burbs instead, The place was 'ok' and I'm glad that I gave it a shot.  I had the Cannonballs and it was nothing to write home about.  Service was fast, but it seemed rather small.the sandwiches are awesome here! i would totally give earls a 4-5 star rating based on my previous experiences BUT last weekend's experience left me very unsatisfied. The food was good if they had spoons! I ordered a sandwich+soup and found out the spoons/forks were out. I went and asked the server for a spoon and he just looked at me with a blank stare. I explained to him that they were out and I needed it for soup. He completely ignored my request. I understand that earls isnt a high end restaurant. But cmon! Any other establishment would offer me the basic utensils.Earl of Sandwich possibly saved my life.I was wandering The Strip in the wee hours of the morning trying to sober up.At 5:00 am there really wasn't much left to do but get the fuck out.Luckily, I stumbled into Planet Hollywood and remembered hearing about Earl of Sandwich.I didn't really know what I wanted or if I even wanted to eat but I went with The Full Montague and some frozen lemonade.Don't know if it was yellow or pink lemonade, since I didn't bother to open the lid(pink lemonade is manlier btw).Someone ripped a pretty stinky fart in that place(may or may not have been me), so once again I ate in the car.One of the cool things about this place is that they give some sort of gadget/coaster/computer thingy that starts ringing when your order is ready.I didn't know wtf it was or why it was beeping until some dude next to me clued me in.As for the sandwich, The Full Montague was pretty badass.Roast beef, turkey, Swiss& Cheedar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard being hugged by artisan bread.My only complaint is that it's a pretty thick sandwich and the bread does fill you up fast.Ended up eating only half and I think i left the other half in the glove compartment.I see why people are crazy about this place, but there's still something I can't quite put my finger on that's keeping me from giving it a higher rating.Maybe another visit will clarify things for me.6 bucks for a decently sized sandwhich.The line was so long! We waited like, 7 minutes just to order.

This is our local Leslie's location,Has most supplies and equipment you need. I'm not satisfied with the quality of their product. For the size of this place they do know how to pack it in. They have a lot of inventory, and it changes very often. They also offer free water test for your pool. Place isn't to bad, may be a little over price. But it is very convenient.Good place to go. Been there many times! Bob is the best go to him if he is working. The other guy who is usually working with him needs to have some soft skill training as he is not that great at interfacing with customers. But the good news is that he is usually trying to hide in the back while Bob does all the work anyway ;-)They check your pool water sample for free and print out what you need to add to get your chemicals correct.My hubzy got a haircut from there,

3. decently clean place. Just OKI've only gone here 3 times. Once because I had a great coupon & the other 2 because it's close to the office. I get the chicken teriyaki bowl. It's ok. Today my chicken was either over cooked or reheated too many times. Only half of the chicken was edible.The place is odd, sort of a cafeteria feel. Three restaurants in one.Average at best. Food is not that good and the customer experience is not good. Would not go back anytime soonStopped by for a quickly grocery run after seeing the raving review. I got some produce  and I was not impressed.The garlic I got were half rotten. 10% of the green beans I got were bad as well. The onions were acceptable. I got some ground beef as well, and that was good, but pricy compared to other stores.I don't think I would come back again with better options closer to me in chambana.This is for the This was a very well organized event.   I loved the atmosphere.  Although, it could have had a little more carnival atmosphere to it, in my opinion.My favorite cocktail of the night was the St George Spirits company's cocktail in the pickle.  I'm not sure of the name, but that was a great drink.  I did get the recipe... Yea for me.  Visited the Yelp/Don Julio Suite.  Great Cocktails there as well.  I loved the Sangrita the best.  I have to try that at other restaurants too.Highlights/Lowlights1) tough workouts

YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (413/500)Been eating here for 3 years, only order the Steak Bowl, recently the Quality of the steak has become tougher, and I have noticed I constantly have to repeat myself or the orders are totally wrong. If the person filling your order is new the order is going to be screwed up, watch while it's being made or you may get home and find its not your order.When they get crowded they skimp on the protein and if they run out of the steak they barely cook it and its bloody. Also they are so busy talking that they forget how to do your order...Three times I said no red salsa and each time you put it on there.  Three stars because its hit or miss.Another classic 3.5 stars. I'm not quite a fan, but it's better than 3 stars. Food is better than average, not great, just better than average.

They have good stuff for a $1 compared to the $.99 store.It's a store. They sell stuff for $1. They call it Dollar Tree. Ingenious.What's there to really say? It's a Dollar Tree. Everything in the store costs $1. The quality at Dollar Tree is much better than our local 99 Cents Only store, but the two stores carry different merchandise which makes it fun to shop around! Dollar Tree seems to pride itself on the fact that they cater to a more 'upscale' clientele. I go here mainly to buy cheap greeting cards. They have cards that are 2 for $1, making it an easy and cheap way to send cheer in the mail (people throw out cards anyway so why pay Hallmark prices)? I've also found some good deals on household cleaning products and name brand health and beauty items. This store has recently put in a frozen food section at the back of the store. Be sure to check out the refrigerated cases because the food selection changes. Most of it is junk or questionable "brands" but sometimes you can find a total score (I once got a full size box of real Steak-Ums for $1 and they sell for $6 at Albertsons). Not everything is a good deal so make sure you know your brands and prices. Lots of the stuff for sale is junk that is manufactured specifically for the Dollar Tree (look on the label for the "Greenbriar" brand, that's their house label). This Dollar Tree would get a higher rating from me if it weren't for one major issue -- the checkout lines are always ridiculously, crazy long! It sometimes takes as long as 45 minutes just to check out (lord help you if you go on a Friday afternoon after payday, you'll be in the line 'til next Christmas)! They rarely have more than one lane open even when the line snakes all the way to the back of the store and there are plenty of employees stocking the shelves. This drives me bonkers and on more than one occasion, I have walked in the door and then immediately turned around and left because the checkout line was so long (with ONE person working ONE register). It's a good dollar store with wide, clean aisles and of course great prices.This is your typical dollar store. This one is pretty large, has a good selection and seems to have plenty of stock of the items I need. People think that it's the dollar store so instantly it's a good deal, but you really have to watch on some of the food items...it can often not be the best deal.I come here a lot to buy items for my Arbonne business - plastic tubs for foot soak at my spa parties, marbles, cheap wash clothes, little hand towels, spa/bath give aways like loofah, sponges and scrubbers. I don't feel so bad when I loose them or have to toss stuff when it was cheap to begin with. Other things I can find here:

DESSERTS omg the chocolate everything...

- Recently this location has been getting busier which is a good sign

Expect to wait at least 10 minutes at the drive-thru even when it's not busyIntercom system needs to be updated because of noise interference Drinks and food are overpriced Space and seating are extremely limited and it feels crampedDrinks are not made with the same consistency as other large chain cafe's often areThis used to be my favorite coffee shop in Las Vegas. They served high quality coffee consistently prepared with care, offered amazing desserts, and provided good wifi--24 hours a day!  Unfortunately, my last two visits have left me disappointed.  The baristas are no longer knowledgable about the coffee they serve or how drinks should be prepared.  The macarons were stale and crumbly.  And it seems that prices have crept up to Strip territory, which is unconscionable for a strip mall on DI & Durango.  At least the internet is still good.What a neat coffee shack! The art on the wall is cluttered with hipsterism, bleh, but you have to appreciate the free wifi, outside view of the park and strip, outdoor hookah, and 24 hour service!!  YES 24 HOUR SERVICE. I appreciate the milk alternatives: Almond, soy, hemp, and coconut - thank you! There's a house blend and drip which is okay, anything expresso will have you bouncing off the walls and that's ok for me :) most drinks are super sweet, the pastries look promising but I've only had a blueberry muffin which was just ok. The service is slow and sometimes the staff is unorganized, so I dunno, it's an ok spot to have coffee I guess and chill out for a bit.I went there on a Thursday and got a 24oz ice chai tea with soy. There was only one person in front of me in the drive thru and it was fast. It cost $6.76! I can see an additional charge for the soy, but soy prices are comparable to dairy prices. It's 2016 people. The barista was pleasant though.  In addition, I used to come here to study randomly since it is open 24/7. It was busy and hard to find a spot at night but I was still able to focus.***Update: I ordered one of their strawberry smoothies and didn't like it, it tasted like a melted snow cone tbh they just use syrup. Everything else is pretty good tho.Place was cool. Coffee was good. But service was slow.This is a decent place to get a coffee drink or a solid sandwich. It is a popular spot. Bust in the evenings.

Placing me on hold for 5 minutes when a drunk guy was singing in the hall way in the middle of the night so that by the time security was called the guy was gone.  F

Both times we have eaten here I have had the tofu dishes.  1st time was sesame tofu with brown rice and the 2nd time was Mongolian tofu with brown rice.  Both times, I thoroughly enjoyed the tofu.  The meals are greasy delicious chinese fast food and I can have leftovers the next day.My bf ordered chicken dishes.  The 1st time he ordered the orange chicken.  I tried it and it was ok, but 1 bite was enough for me and I ended up sharing some of my tofu dish with him.  The 2nd time he ordered yellow curry chicken.  It was bland in every aspect,  The color of the curry sauce was dull, the spice and flavor of the curry was light, and the consistency of the curry sauce was watery.  The chicken had a weird taste and texture and he ended up only eating a few bites and I had to give up a big portion of my tofu.  Later that night he started complaining about not feeling well, and ended up getting sick.  He normally has a strong stomach.So, Yummy Yummy, I will be fair and give you 3 stars strictly for your tofu dishes.  I enjoy my friday nights when my bf and I get take out and watch a movie, but it looks like I will be doing it alone if I want to order from your restaurant again.Poor Yummy Yummy...why do they get such bad reviews?Firstly, I don't eat meat very often (sorta Vegetarian) so maybe people have had some poor dishes based on that. Secondly, I haven't stepped foot into the restaurant once (in my experience strip mall Chinese places aren't always the nicest looking on the inside)...Those two things aside, I get take out from them often. The quality is good, they're super prompt, and the food is always hot.So for what it is, it's convenient and decent. I like that they'll sub anything --- If you want make it a Tofu dish, or Shrimp.I usually get the Tom Yam Soup with Shrimp - Very good

Always the adventurer, I tried the Parman Patty Melt. The sandwiches are served ala carte so I tried the Chicken Tenders as well.  The Patty Melt contained the normal "melt" ingredients (grilled onions, swiss cheese, grilled bread, burger) but also was topped with sauerkraut and a slice of braunschweiger). I have no clue why they decided to offer up such a sandwich (other than to lure suckers like me to give it a try) but overall, the flavors worked. I don't know if I would ever order it again but I did eat it all.  The tenders were hand breaded and were accompanied with a homemade ranch sauce.  They were a solid choice.  Nothing to write home about but also nothing to complain about.  This sums up also the restaurant in general.  Nice waitstaff, nice decor, good food but that's about it.  If I lived in the neighborhood and it was in walking distance, I would probably stop in because it is convenient.  But I don't think it really is a "destination" restaurant.  Parking is limited to the street and the food just isn't special enough to warrant it.As a big fan of both Marigold Kitchen and Sardine, I was fairly excited to try Gates & Brovi. It has some hits and misses, but overall is a pleasant enough space to have dinner, and given the restaurant desert that is its location, a welcome addition to the area. As others have mentioned, the parking situation can be nightmarish, but if you arrive at 7 or later, you are officially allowed to park in the Mallatt's Pharmacy lot in back.The decor is casual but clean and rustic, with lots of reclaimed barn wood. The tables and chairs are somewhat comfortable, though nothing to write home about. I do wish there was some aspect of the decor that absorbed sound, but there isn't, so it's fairly noisy. Also, if you want to watch the game while eating, you'll practically have to sit at the bar. The bathrooms are beautiful and clean, though. All waitstaff are quite nice and attentive, and those with long hair are careful to tie it back - always a plus in my book.The first time I visited, I came for dinner with my boyfriend. We shared the cheese curds with homemade ranch as an appetizer. They were closer to The Old Fashioned's style than, say, Culver's - more free-form and greasy with less breading. They tend to clump together a lot, a mild annoyance. The homemade ranch was quite good, though. I ordered the brown sugar roasted pork sandwich (a la carte - the cheese curds were so filling). It was delicious but incredibly messy; I had to use a ton of napkins, the bread was soaked by the end of the meal, and I still had to excuse myself to wash my hands at the end of the meal. Not a problem for me, but if I were dressed well I might avoid it. My boyfriend ordered the G&B burger and a side of fries. I'm not sure why it comes with American cheese as the default - anyone who's tasted real cheese knows that American cheese tastes like the plastic in which it's wrapped. My boyfriend substituted cheddar, and it tasted fine, but not up there with the real burger champs in Madison (Dotty's and Blue Moon being high on my personal list). He was a little bummed that it didn't come with fries automatically, but given that the burger is only six bucks, it seemed fair to me. The fries were crisp and hot on arrival; they reminded me of the delicious fries at Sardine. The old-fashioned I had to drink was quite nice, just the right balance of booze and mixers.The second time we visited, I just had a beer (Anchor Steam in a cold glass straight from the fridge), but my boyfriend was craving a root beer float. You'll have to order one of their "ice cream sodas" with root beer, but it's great. The ice cream is rich and tasty, and my boyfriend loved their choice of Stewart's for the root beer. They only pour half of the bottle into the glass, but they do give you the rest of it to refill at your leisure. Since he finished his "ice cream soda" before I finished my beer, the bartender courteously brought him some water without request, which I thought was a great touch. They were touting a new menu which starts today, so I will be returning to see how that is. I also look forward to trying their oyster happy hour someday, since I've liked Sardine's oyster happy hour so much.Gates & Brovi is a place to bring your kids or grandpa for a Friday night fish fry. The wooden am-in-the-galley-of-a-ship? interior is charming and the beach town checkered baskets of fried seafood might have you forgetting you're landlocked.I went in to score what I had seen on Yelp is a great vegan burger. I asked our waiter and it turns out it has egg in it (bummski). I got a beet and avocado salad which was tasty but, at the end of the day... a salad when I wanted a burger. This is a place to get yo' fingers and shorts greasy (am I the only one who still wipes their hands on their lap? I told you this was a good place for kids) and wash it down with a pint of beer. The selection is limited but I had a great Lake Louie pale ale, so no complaints here. The service was quick and our waiter was friendly. Solid three stars in ma book.We went on a Friday night and it was packed with families at 6 PM.  We were luckily able to nab a spot at the bar and not have to wait 20 minutes for a table.  The bartenders were busy, but we never had to wait unnecessarily long for service.  They have a very large beer selection and a well-stocked bar.  They had about 6 signature drinks.  I didn't get one, but I saw the mint vodka lemonade being made and it looked good!  They used fresh mint and muddled it. The menu was a little limited.  Lots of seafood options, so I don't recommend it if you aren't a fan of seafood, but if you are, it's a great place for you!  I got the Friday fish fry and had the option of cod or blue gill.  I chose the cod and it was pretty standard fish fry-nothing too special.  It was good and I enjoyed it, but it wasn't great.  I did like that they offered malt vinegar for the fish and fries and they served it with Ranch without me having to ask.  The coleslaw was good but a bit too acidic.My fiancee got the G&B Burger and enjoyed it.  He especially liked the special sauce.  However, I was disappointed that it didn't come with any fries or other sides for the price that it was.

There are always plenty of cabs outside...the baggage never seems to take too long...and even at 2am..the staff doesn't seem to be in any less of a decent mood then at 2pm.Home base airport... Tourist need to let us implode this like we do with all of our hotels once they've been open for 25 years and rebuildWelcome to Vegas.It's not about who gets lucky or wins the most money.

I guess it is a good place if you need WiFi and place to work, but I can't recommend it as a food place.My first time at Second Cup and  my friend and I both ordered the white hot chocolate - it was delicious!  I was super pleased with this selection!  The downfall, I paid with US dollars and somehow my bill of $7.64 CDN turned into almost $10. with the exchange rate!?!  Huh???  I inquired and was told that it was correct and that their registers are updated each day with the exchange rate and it is correct... I knew it couldnt be, so came back to the hotel and looked up the exchange rate - buyers beware if you are paying with USD and use your credit card instead, I didnt on this one transaction because it was so small, but lesson learned.....Being on St. Catherine, this location is always going to be packed and noisy. They have a decent selection of sandwiches if you need more than java, but the bacon, egg and cheese muffin tasted like something you'd get out of the freezer section and microwave at home. Not exactly worth $3.75 plus tax.Malheureusement seulement 3 étoiles pour un Second Cup .... L'endroit est est très beau, on a vraiment envie d'y travailler. En plus, C'EST GRAND alors ce serait surprenant qu'il n'y ait plus de place nulle part pour s'asseoir.Le gros point négatif: Le Wifi !! Si tu réussis à te connecter, tu vas constater que c'est vraiment lent. Sinon, tu seras juste tout simplement jamais capable de te connecter! C'est vraiment dommage parce que pour le reste c'est très bien !! (À la hauteur des autres Second Cup que j'ai visité, et même plus)Si tu veux juste jaser autour d'un café ou d'un peu de bouffe, go for it though !!Café situé sur la rue Ste Catherine, près du métro Peel. Il est ouvert 24h sur 24 ce qui fort pratique pour les gens qui sortent de club ou pour les clients d'hôtels qui souhaitent prendre un petit déjeuner léger tôt (les hôtels commençant le service habituellement vers 6am). L'endroit dispose de plusieurs tables, pratique pour les groupes ou les étudiants. Je recommande de ne pas prendre les options salés comme les sandwich, ils sont dispendieux et pas si bon. Le pain n'est pas très frais. Toutefois, les desserts et viennoiseries sont de bonnes options. J'adore les tartelettes aux amandes et fruits (bleuets, framboise) ainsi que leurs tartes et cheesecake. Le service est très rapide et courtois surtout pour un endroit aussi achalandé c'est surprenant. Les employés demeurent toujours souriant.Not too big of a fan here...environment is pretty crappy but food is as good as it gets. Everyone else in the family is a huge fan of this place so go fig. A good place to try out for fast service and desi food :)Tired property in need of a major make over, but the concierge level food and drinks help make the visit comfortable.Free WI FI for gold members only.I really liked this hotel. The have great front desk service, a real concierge, a doorman and there are a number of shops inside the hotel: Starbucks, a cafe, a beautiful bar and restaurant, a gift shop and more. The room was a little small but so what! Everything was clean and fresh. No it wasn't the latest and greatest but perfectly adequate. I had a fabulous view of the city. I also enjoyed the pool and hot-tub. The bed was very comfortable. The TV service was awful, don't watch TV, go out and experience Montreal.This hotel is close to St. Catherine and the walk to old Montreal is not that bad. Only a wussie would need to take a taxi. Maybe a 15 - 20 minute walk, enjoy it. Right outside is a bike rental station so you could rent a bike too!Apparently they are renovating some of the rooms so when you approach the hotel, the first things you notice are matresses piled up in the lower windows. To me it looks like they are planning for a major distaster. Stayed there twice in the past two months. The housekeeping staff is super-nice. It's like they hovered outside of my room waiting for me to take off the "do not disturb" and were thrilled when they could come in and tidy. Concierge lounge is nice although they charge for drinks and are closed on the weekends.The Marriott Chateau Champlain is a decent full-service hotel in a central location to the business district. It's a little far from the main tourist attractions in "vieux Montreal", but the rooms are fairly large and offer some nice views. The front desk staff was friendly, if a bit slow, but the bar and front door/bellhop staff were terrific. The lobby area is in desperate need of updating, as is the extremely tiny bathroom in my room. The room was clean, with a nice selection in the mini-bar, a good amount of US channels on TV, and I have no complaints about the bed or linens. The water temperature, however, fluctuates wildly between "waaay too hot, and Lake-Champlain-in-winter cold", and the internet doesn't workNot bad if you can get a decent rateCheck in was pretty painless, but the room they assigned me to hadn't yet gotten housekeeping. Gross. Glad I didn't walk in on the people before me because based on the disheveled bedsheets, I likely would have caught them in the act.The concierge lounge on the 35th floor has great views of downtown, especially Mary, Queen of the World Cathedral. Continental breakfast for Elite members from 6:00-10:30, Monday-Friday. Hors d'oeuvres from 5:30-7:30, Sunday-Thursday. Dessert 7:30-10:00.Pretty tough to beat the location. About a 15 minute walk to Old Montreal.$24 daily parking in the garage below on the hotel.Nice room with oval window if you get a city view room.  Bed was comfortable and rooms are quite (I was next to the elevator).  Front desk and all service were friendly, attentive.About 5 min walk to wherever restaurants/shops are (big blocks here in downtown)... not even a single restaurant within one block.  So it's ok location but not the best.Coffee machine in the room has no sugar/milk.  Just coffee/tea. Two worst part of stay:1. Worst wifi connection ever. I chose upgraded faster internet connection but still couldn't get connected to open a website/checking email unless I wait for a few min to get connection each time.  2. Exec. lounge is similar or worse than hampton Inn level for breakfast/evening snack.  All alcoholic drinks are not free.  Each night, there is one meat-item (e.g. pork sandwich or chicken satay and salad/cheese). Breakfast has fruit, yogurt, bread and hard-boiled egg, cheese.   In addition, if you have a guest, there is a charge of 20 CAD!!!This eventually made me change the hotel after 2 night stay.We are Marriott Platinum and so you could say we are a fan of Marriott properties. We thought it was just "ok". It definitely could use some updating. The pool was AWFUL. No hot tub, and the pool itself was small and old. And the woman working at the spa (that you have to walk through to get to the pool) was very rude.Service at the restaurant was inconsistent. Also, the trash in the lobby was overflowing for most of the day. Just not what we are used to seeing at Marriott properties.When we come back to Montreal, we probably won't stay here again. We will try another location.If you are staying over for a Habs game....this is a great spot. Literally a 3 minute walk to the Bell Center. Nothing fancy room wise. Everything was clean, check-in was efficient, parking and room fees were reasonable. Starbucks on premise is nice also. Solid 3 stars for location and valueOlder hotel, probably built for Expo67. Nice lobby and conference facilities. Larger rooms with well lit bathroom mirrors. Taller hotel means rooms are dark and quiet. Bed wasn't a pillow top and felt as though it's springs had sprung. The towels in the gym appeared grungy/dirty, but may have just been old. The gym equipment looks like it may have been the original equipment with the hotel. No newspapers delivered to rooms. More expensive than many other hotels with fewer amenities. (Eg fairmont provides paper, and turndown service, Hyatt has hot breakfast and evening snack).Really good all you eat Sushi, probably the best I've ever eaten. if your hungry and you want sushi definitely give this place a try.it's a good place for lunch, a shorter menu but still an all-you-can-eat for 15$ and it goes really fast, you don't have to wait for your order.for dinner it will cost you 25$, with a larger choice, but unless you really eat a lot (not my case), i found 25$ a bit expensive as the quality is correct, but not impressive, and when it's crowded the service is really poor, we had to wait a lot the waiter each time we wanted to reorder some food (and also wait a long time for the food, each time)As a served buffet sushi restaurant, Kanda would be a rare bird on the west coast, but is surprisingly a common style over here. For your $15-25 (depending on when you go) the result is very much dependent on the ebb and flow of the restaurant.Why? Because you literally order from a list. Each table has a sheet that you fill out with a pencil - maybe you want 1 roll here, 1 gyoza there - in an all-you-can-eat format. Some food is going to be cooked specifically for you, while others might come as part of a larger batch. (There's a price penalty for uneaten food.)In theory, this is great. You could order one from everything on the menu if you have the stomach for it! In practice, this means there is batch cooking, which means you might get something piping fresh one minute and something from the waiting line the next. (The busy nature of the place seems to ensure your food is mostly fresh, though.) For better or worse, the chaos spills over to the waiting too; while food delivery is almost always prompt, drinks/orders/bills may take some chasing to make happen.I think the Kanda experience is best described as a search for "surprise". The menu is build to have you hunting outside your comfort zone, trying out various items you may have not tried before. As a group experience, that's great. As a seasoned sushi-connoisseur experience, you may want to look elsewhere.This place has a super sweet location, being directly across the street from my school and all. I've tried probably everything offered on their menu or close to it and everything is normally super yummy. But I feel like the menu has shrunk since my last visit. This makes me quite sad because the fun part about all you can eat sushi is trying out the coolest sounding sushi possible. Their maki rolls seem to all have the same ingredients in them which is also disappointing. My favourite thing here has to be the peanut butter dumplings. The staff has been pleasant every time I go there. Overall it is a good all you can eat... But they could definitely use more variety in their menu.Pretty good all you can eat sushi. They dont offer the full menu on weekdays for all you can eat which was a bit disappointing. The sashimi was good however and the waitress was very friendly.Usual all you can eat sushi. Service was OK. Although the wait just to start serving us was way too longer. Off all Kanda's I was in unfortunately this one had worst service. But food is still great.Le Tabascobar est une institution connue dans le quartier Côte-des-Neiges.  Ce n'est pas un établissement époustouflant mais il réussit à offrir ce qui manque au coin. On retrouve donc une grande terrasse, un sous-sol à l'ambiance club le soir, des machines de Loto Québec, des télévisions diffusant du sport  et un deuxième étage avec des tables de pools et de babyfoot. Il y a donc un peu de tout pour plaire à un large public. Cela faisait longtemps que je n'avais pas visité l'endroit. Durant mes années étudiantes, c'était le coin parfait pour un 5 à 7 qui devenait un 5 à 3 heures du matin... Mon impression aujourd'hui est que l'établissement a besoin de quelques réparations surtout les salles de bains. Le personnel est omniprésent; j'ai pu remarqué que seulement notre serveur avait l'air de travailler. Le pauvre, malheureusement il devait manquer d'expérience mais avait toute la bonne volonté du monde.  Sur la terrasse, on observait un étrange mélange d'étudiants venus boire des sangrias et une clientèle plus âgés d'immigrants venus boire un café et discuter de leurs vies avant leurs arrivés au Canada. Ça représente bien le quartier; un mélange de personnes qui cohabitent mais vivent des réalités différentes. J'ai commandé une salade style Cobb qui m'a surprise par ses excellentes saveurs. Elle comprend de la salade, du poulet grillé, du bacon, des tomates, des avocates, 1 oeuf dur et de la vinaigrette bleue.  Une des meilleurs salades que j'ai mangé.THE BELLE PRO IS NO LONGER AT THIS LOCATION. It is now a police station - no word yet on the quality of their poutine, but the early returns are looking good. Basically, if this location comes up as an option when you're downtown and needing a poutine, don't go. Because it's not there. Do go to another Belle Pro however. This review is less a knock on Belle Pro and more a knock on Yelp for including out of date information.Il est pas trop mal ce petit resto chinois situé sur Côte des Neiges. On nous offre ici les classiques de la cuisine chinoise version canadienne. La bouffe est correcte. Le menu est varié. Les tables d'hôte sont à prix abordable.J'enlève deux étoiles parce que:1- rien de très original au menu. Même la serveuse n'a pu nous dire quelle était la spécialité maison !

Dr. Doyle Bio II 182 Lots to memorize but very organized.

Service was very good. When waiting for a table, they will take your number and call you when something is available. Our waitress was very attentive, checking on us often and refilling drinks and taking empty plates away.

3) Special showings Other than that, this place was clean, easily accessible after you park in the parking garage, the employees were friendly and ticket prices were ridiculous.  Pro Tip: Don't forget to bring your parking garage ticket in for validation!Average AMC overall, but I LOVED that my dad and I got the theater to ourselves this afternoon. Though not good for business, I enjoyed the vacancy as it allowed us to spread out and walk in late without disturbing anyone. The parking, on the other hand, is less than ideal, but completely understandable when you consider the central downtown location (especially being near a couple schools). We definitely had to park on the very top level of the garage because the garage is mostly reserved spaces. on the flip side however, the parking validation they offer to cover the fee is really nice though, so props on that!Cheap, non-crowded, and convenient for me! Parking:  Get validated so you don't have to pay for parking in the garage. Tickets are fairly decently priced. This location is dead.  We went to see Spotlight on a Thursday night. There were three other people in the theater, and it's such a good movie! Food: Typical pricey movie food. The pretzels are awful. Do not buy these! My friend had not eaten in a while, so we bought all this food. I took a bite of pretzel and had to not eat anymore of it- bahh!I was kind of creeped out here.  We went to an afternoon movies and when we arrived, we two were the only ones in the theater.  One of the videos before the movie advised us to pay attention to who was around us - warning us, kind of, like a crime might happen and we might be in danger.Then, just after we saw this video, a lone guy came into the theater and did not take a seat.  He just stood there.  We were a bit concerned and scared.  Then others came and we felt fine.Really, I have never felt scared in a movie theater before this day.  I think maybe I'll stay in the suburbs.The girls are wonderful and now that JoJo is gone there is not reason not to visit. JoJo murdered my head, gouging the clippers into my skull. I looked like I was jumped. Terrible stylist.Taco Bell is one of my go to places when I need to eat on the go.  I stopped by this location to grab a quick bite.  Ordered my usual:7 Layer Burrito, $1.99

Vegetable Samosas:  Delightful.  Lightly spiced, and delicious.  I went back for thirds of these, and they are really nice with the mint chutney.

-It can get very crowded on big game nights, and as such service can get very slow or the servers may even not be told you've been seated (the hostesses aren't great).

- staff are friendly and knowledgable on the booze they sell

Yes I've had better and yes there is better, but like I said before:It is what it is and I like it for that. It's not gourmet, it's not fancy or original probably not even authentic, but it's dependable.

Staff was pleasant and helpful. Place was clean. Food is okay, it's not authentic Italian by any means. You can probably make better Italian at home even if your Irish but it's quick and familiar, it's just easy. I love the salad and the bread sticks.Skip the Rice Balls on the 4$ menu, it's pretty much white rice mixed with cheese, breaded and fried with marinara...totally tasteless.

3. Copy and fax machine in the room (however, the ink cartridge was empty)

2nd-My appointment for a friend was scheduled on the wrong day and perhaps Tammy was having a bad day but she was not kind in any way. She said "what I am trying to explain to you" with the worst attitude ever and when I asked her name she was sure to annunciate Taaaaaammmmmy! Rude!

Convenient to my house - Good.All aspects are "good" and consistently so.  This is a great place to go when you are hungry and don't want to gamble.  Meeting Friends? Go here, they have something for every one and no one can complain later.I think it's always great to know where the hottest place in town is, but you also need that ace in the hole every once in a while and that's the beauty of Babbo!Had a pleasant but mostly unremarkable meal here on a Thursday evening near closing (9 pm).  The highlight of the experience was the service, which we found friendly and gracious despite our having arrived just before closing time.  The server proved attentive and acted unhurried, though I expect he was eager to wrap up the work-day.The food was okay.  Menu items sounded appealing, but quality of ingredients and/or preparation was just adequate.  The chopped salad had pale lettuce, meat in the steak pasta tasted very salty.  We probably would not return, given the large number of better, comparably priced Italian restaurants in the area.Eat here about 1X/mo.  We like the happy hour here.  Order 2 margherita pizzas and roasted asparagus and it's a full meal for us.  We have eaten here for dinner and their pastas are fine.  The staff is all young yet pleasant.i absolutely LOVED the bread they served almost like "tapas".  it was to die for...and they even gave me a small loaf to take home.  the pizza, however, was really way too think and it was ok. nice setting outside.My family of 4 visited Babbo on a Monday evening primarily to try the Spaghetti and Meatball Dinner Special for $5.99. Babbo is located in a strip mall on the SW corner of Tatum and Cave Creek Rd. From the outside Babbo doesn't have much curb appeal, but when you walk in it's much nicer.After the server took our drink order she brought over some bread that was cut into small strips and was accompanied with a small plate with olive oil and balsamic. We ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and also the Mista salad which includes mixed greens, tomatoes, olives, mushrooms, pepperoncini, mozzarella, Parmesan cheese tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette.I enjoyed the salad but the spaghetti was swimming in way too much sauce. The meatball was also good. Overall the food was good especially if you are only paying $5.99.I am knocking off a couple of stars because Babbo didn't wow me. The service was also lacking as our waiter only visited out table twice throughout the entire dinner, once to take my order and once to bring me my bill. Our drinks were never refilled and she made a big deal about my 3 year old kids splitting the meal. I don't mind if I have to pay an additional fee to split a dish but this was never offered. She made it sound like she was doing me a favor because everyone had to have a plate in front of them or she would get in trouble.....it was kinda weird.I have only gotten take out there but overall have been very pleased.  Both the Steak' N Blue salad and the Chopped Chicken salad are good portions and if you order a large ,it definitely is enough for two people. The bread that comes with it is warm, fresh and has good flavor. Unfortunately ,more that a few times they have forgotten the extra chicken that I ordered and i was not pleased with the stuffed portobello appetizer. Overall, it is a good place to grab some dinner to take home.Well, this was a mixed bag and I wish I could have given it four stars!We really enjoyed our food.  Surpirsingly good for a chain!  I ordered the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Beets salad, followed by the Ricotta Manicotti with Italian Sausage Ragu.  DH ordered the Salad Mista and the Cacciatore-Style Chicken.This is where the mixed bag comes in---our server was super nice, but the service not so good.  However, for this I blame management.  Our server was trying to handle a table of 10 and two tables of four and us.  It was obviously too much.  He took our order for two glasses of Montepulciano (which was priced a little high at 8.50 per glass, imho) and two tables that came in AFTER us had their appetizers before we had our wine, because the birthday party of 10 and the other two tables had the poor server hopping.  We finally had to wave at him and the wine was delivered by another server.  Then he took our orders and asked if we wanted our salads first---yes please, said us.Well, fairly promptly (considering the wait for the wine) our salads arrived---DH said his salad was crisp and fresh and tasted just picked.  I can't say enough good things about the Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Beets salad.  Yummy, perfectly roasted little sprouts, sweet, earthy beets, tangy goat cheese, nestled in a bed of fresh, crisp butter lettuce---I enjoyed the TWO BITES I was able to enjoy before the server arrived with our entrees.  So now I am torn---do I enjoy my salad---which was soooo good, or let my entree cool.  Ridiculous.  A total pet peeve of mine---poor timing by the kitchen.  (That, and someone sweeping by my table when I am trying to eat)  And I do blame management.  At the one table (that had their food before we had our wine) a stocky strawberry blonde in a Babbo t-shirt came and sat with the customers and yakked for at least 10 minutes.  Since she seemed to know them and actually sat down at the table, I assume she was management and was too busy socializing to notice that one of her servers was in the weeds and other patrons were not being cared for.  Anyhow, my salad was really good and I was pleasantly pleased with my entree.  The sauce---and I am not a huge fan of tomato sauce---was a light tomato, not chunky and not sweet.  Just a lot of great taste.  The ricotta in the manicotti was seasoned just right and the sausage in the ragu was just spicy enough.  It was pretty darn good.  DH's cacciatore-style chicken wasn't my fave---but he enjoyed it very much.  Discussing it later, I was commenting it lacked the depth and complexity of other Chicken Cacciatores I have had in the past and DH reminded me the menu said "style".  He thought they were saying it had peppers and onions and tomatoes, so it was kind of like cacciatore but not quite.  In that case, it was pretty good.  I know DH really like his portion.  And the bread and olive oil/balsamic dipping oil and the foaccia was DELISH!  Honestly, my salad was so good and such a fabu combo of flavors, it would have elevated this review to a four star, if it weren't for the lackadaisical service, and as I said, I think that's management's fault.  We did not ding our server's tip for something we felt was out of his control.  We will go back and try it again----the ambiance was nice---it was showing a little wear and tear after a busy evening, but I had to comment to my husband how incredibly clean and sparkly our wineglasses were!---I didn't love the shrieking baby in the corner, but that's a poor parenting issue---the wine was a wee bit over-priced, but our meals were good and boy, do I want another of those salads.  Only next time, maybe I'll get to enjoy it a little more before our entree arrives!Oh, btw---the people complaining about the parking?  It's a freaking shopping center!  There's about five acres of parking.  If you have to walk a few feet---well, you're about to eat 10,000 calories---it's not going to kill you!Second visit.  Service still so-so, but the server did do me a favor when I wanted something light for dinner.  I added shrimp to the brussel sprouts salad.  Toe-wiggling yummy!  Place was not as clean as my last visit, there was something smeary and crummy on the table and when I told our server, she ran a damp cloth over, sending crumbs into our laps.  Ick!  But for the Roasted Brussel Sprout and Beet salad (now with addition of shrimp), I'll be back.  But maybe I'll try take-away next time.food is great. but service was rushed. not why we became regulars a long time ago. miss you Shanna!I really enjoyed eating at Babbo's until recently.  I have been eating there with my family for about 4 years now.  Great food and wonderful service.  But over the past year some of there dishes have changed.  It's almost like the restuarant has changed the vendor who they purchase their food from.  The first thing I notice was their delicious bread was different.  The bread they served before was to die for.  The bread they have changed to very lack luster.  It taste bread that you can get an any number of restuarants.I always noticed the beef in their Firecracker Rolls and on the Steak and Blue salad are different.  Both of those were my favorites to order but not anymore.  The last time I had those meals I was pregnant so when I did not enjoy the taste I thought had to do with my hormones or something.  I had my baby in March and I tried those meals just last weekend and I steal do not like the taste.  Please Babbo's go back to you previous food vendor.  My mom and brother have also made comments about the meals not tasting the same.  I need your original bread in my life...lol.once again some ones children can ruin a night out for dinner, and management did nothing about it.   What a shame, that management is afraid to say something to one table but allows 10 to 15 tables to suffer the screaming, and constant running of a child thru the restaurant.   i could have given them 5 stars had they just said something to these people.   Had it not been for the good taste of the spaghetti and meatballs, i would have given them only 1 star.Wake up management, because of your in action we will not be back, and the table next to us that was ran into by this child say to us they would not be back.......      SORRY MANAGEMENT BUT I WORK TO HARD FOR MY MONEY TO SPEND IT AT A PLACE THAT DOES NOT RESPECT THERE CUSTOMERSMediocre food. I had "grilled" chicken added to my pasta. It tasted like freezer-burnt chicken that had been defrosted in a microwave. However, the sauce and penne pasta were pretty decent. We went our whole meal with empty cups and never offered a drink refill.I finally stopped by this place after driving past in numerous times. I ordered a steak   burrito. It cost about $6.00. It wasn't to bad, I feel like though it needed some salt. I don't know if they forgot to put it on but it was kind of plain. Had it had a more flavor I would of given it 4 stars. I will try it again though as the prices are pretty fair.I have been here a few times. So far the chimichonga is the best thing I have had there. The rice and beans were good, too. The inside is very small so you can't really bring a large group.Not terrible just very bland food. No seasoning. My kids like it because there is absolutely no spices.The food was good! It's a hole-I'm-the-wall joint for sure, but I love Mexican food. I got the green beef burro, and I was pleased. Not over-the-top amazing, but worthy of testing.Friendly staff, good food, reasonably priced. Glad to have this little joint so close to home!We stopped there to try it out and it was ok nothing great...I always judge a place by how good there beans or rice is and they werent that good..havent been backGood breakfast burrito, I'll normally stop on 2-3 mornings a week. A bit pricy though, and the price is always different. Have not done lunch there but I would guess they do a decent lunch. Much cleaner since the remodel from the fire and still has the good old queen creek feel, which most of the older places in the area are starting to lose.Ugh! Can't this bar make up its mind? So, the former Friends bar becomes Cherry Bar and now it's under a transformation into something I just don't get. Whatever, I think it still has the potential to be a kick-ass bar. It just needs to identify itself as such and proceed accordingly. While I like that they've removed all the excess TVs and streamlined the interior, I still have to wonder where the owners are going. I'll reserve my judgment while the transition is being completed. Until then, I wish Cherry Bar luck and hope to be back...on a night when I'm not lapped on by some other guy's boyfriend.Now it's back to Friends after yet another management owner change. As far as gay bars go in Phoenix (which is pretty much nowhere) this one is at least clean and has lighting where you can see who you are talking to.Now that the asbestos/mold/DNA palace of Cellblock is torn down, this is the last leftover of the almost dead Indian School gay bar row.after a takeout order that had me waiting in their lobby for almost 30 minutes after the pick up time i only do delivery now, mainly because this is one of the few places that delivers to my 'hood. twice, the delivery driver has claimed my house doesn't exist at my address. say what? i know it exists because i live here. a quick review of the directions caused my pizza to appear, cold, at my door. the qualify is good, but inconsistent. often we end up baking the pizza in our oven on 170 degrees for awhile after it arrives  side note: if you keep it in the box, this is a great way to keep any pizza warm without burning if you aren't going to eat it right away.a word to the wise: the wings here are weird. not like the wings at most places. g and i don't like them because they aren't saucy ... it is like the sauce is baked into them or something - we're used to places that toss the wings in the sauce. still, this is a fine option for delivery, given the number of places that will venture to my house. that is, if they can find it.It was a long long wait for our app.  ANd, we ordered a pizza and hte app came out like 2 min before.Food was good would try again.You frickin' guys... uggh. I was disappointed to say the least. Delivery times made me so hungry that I had to eat it. It got here in just enough time to make sure it was almost lukewarm.  Had the Napolitana with penne. Tasted like it was straight from a can, also had minestrone, and it was the saltiest thing since the dead sea... Not getting my vote for a second chance, maybe for pizza because that's sorta hard to screw up. I think their hearts are in the wrong place in this business...I had dinner here on a Friday with a few friends. Food was ok, server was fine but annoying, atmosphere was about what you'd expect, kind of loud and a baseball team full of middle schoolers and their families arrived while we were eating. Full disclosure: I did not try the pizza. I shared fettuccini alfredo with spinach and chicken and angle hair pasta with pesto and zuccini and also the garlic cheese bread to start. I was disappointed with the cheese bread but I was hungry enough not to care. I also snagged some of my friend's fries and enjoyed them (although definitely not the best fries I've ever had). It did the job and we weren't hungry by the time we left, but it wouldn't be worth going back. My friends advised me to get pizza from Spinatos in the future. I was going to give the place 2 stars, but one of my friends left his phone inside and the waiter ran outside after us to return it, so that server gets an extra star :)The pizza was good but the wait time for pick up was far too long since we had called it in WAY ahead of time. We even hit Wal Mart before going to pick it up and we still had to wait for our pizza...First time at Streets of New York. Arrived at 11:40 on a Wednesday morning and there were seven other groups-good sign. I was seated right away and my server immediately asked me if I wanted iced tea, which was correct. I didn't study the menu much cuz the first item on the lunch menu was what I wanted: six wings and a slice. My server brought my drink and took my order. He started to walk away until I asked what came on the pizza. He was confused so I just told him what I wanted on it. He started to walk away again until I asked him if they had bleu cheese. After writing that, he walked away again until I told him I wanted the wings 'hot'. Frustrating. Later he brought bread and marinara. It was either policy or an apology, not sure. The wings were steamy, meaty, crisp and perfectly sauced. The sauce had good zing and I would recommend them. The pizza slice was big with plenty of toppings. The crust and sauce were done right and I would recommend that particular lunch special to anyone. The server never said one more word to me, ever. To the owner: the host and bartender were very pleasant when I walked in, the food is great. The server that I had today cost you two stars with his apathy.Another week, another try at Streets. I got the same server as last week. He seated me right away and took my drink order. I ordered the same as last week too, since it was so good: a slice of pizza and six wings. He stayed to listen this time and even asked for clarification on a couple things - that's all I wanted the first time. Excellent. I did get the bread and marinara again, so I guess that's a Streets thing. The pie was perfect again but the wings were far from the 'hot' I ordered. I also got ranch instead of my bleu cheese. It seems someone reads their reviews (the server) but the cook was off her game today. Too bad cuz I would've liked to give them five stars. I think they can do it but they need to put it all together for a memorable experience. I recommend Streets of New York for a quick, delicious lunch but pay attention to your order.I have a problem. I like Chinese buffets. Whenever I travel, I try them. When I'm at home, I sneak away for lunch. (My wife disapproves.)Dragon House is relatively new, situated in a former Shoney's. Parking is ample and well lit. It's a busy neighborhood and I would recommend being especially aware of your surroundings.At lunch time, the buffet is fresh and restocked often. The usual chicken dishes are available, from Bourbon to Indian to General Tso and with Broccoli, as well as some beef dishes and broiled salmon. There's even a "Taco Chicken" which looks suspiciously like a quesadilla. The salad bar also has a tray of sushi, which I found to be medium fresh (it's the avocado that gives it away). Lo Mein and Fried Rice as well as a couple of soup options as well. All the standard offerings that you can expect.Don't miss the Mongolian BBQ station, which is decent. Mongolian is like fresh stir fry, pick your own meats, vegetables and sauces and the grill chef prepares it in front of you. It's not the largest selection I've seen but for a Chinese restaurant, impressive.Cleanliness is adequate. The wait staff is attentive and my waitress brought hot mustard on request. If you're planning on using your laptop, I did find one power outlet in the back, but none anywhere else.My fortune cookie: Your charming smile is attracting everyone around you.Food has good flavor. But could be warmer.  Eating at 8pm might have something to do with that. Mongolian grill is very good. Although there were fruit flies/knats on the pineapple. Teriyaki chicken (served off the stick) was very tasty. All in all pretty good eats. Just stay away from the pineapple !Not too bad. Decent location, decent selection, decent price, and it's pretty clean inside - just stay clear of the sushi (awful rice and mostly just filled with krab) and the fried dumplings (as previously noted - chewy beyond belief). The mongolian bbq is a nice plus, there are lots of chicken and beef dishes (though not the biggest fan of their mongolian beef), soups, steamed options, and veggies. The stuffed crabs were a little heavy on the mayo/creaminess, and the stuffed shrimp lacked flavor, but when it comes to wanting piles of rice, noodles, and fried proteins smothered in sauces - it hits the spot. Service is pretty nonexistent, but they did make it around before my water glass was completely empty. (I did check on their sanitation score beforehand, since I remembered them being mentioned as one of the areas worst for september - but my main concern, the food not being kept hot enough on the buffet, was addressed - the buffet and most of its contents were definitely steaming!)This place definitely satisfied my appetite; the stuffed crab is good and the grilled salmon. I have been to other buffets and this I like in-particular because of the Mongolian grill. I get to choose any meat and vegetables and a sauce and watch as they do their hibachi thing. Although their selection is not as big as the others I have been; the selection is good and the food is even better. My fortune cookie said people are saying good thing about me, but then again so did my wife's? What the odds? HAPPY HIBACHI!!Food is good. Lady at the front desk with attitude bad. She acted like she was doing me a favor by me eating there. When will Charlotte get a restaurant with hand pulled noodles?good place for lunch sushi better than dragon buffetThere is quite a bit of variety at this buffet which is great but the food was just okay. If you're really hungry this place will do but I'm sure there are better buffets in Charlotte.Service was good and price was right. I ordered a veggie delight cooked in spicy garlic sauce with tofu extra crispy(not on the menu but they said they could make it). To my surprise there was chicken instead of tofu. The server informed me that they did not have tofu and the cook used chicken instead. They made the dish again with a smile. I ask for brown rice which they said they had. It was white rice stir fried with soy sauce. The garlic sauce was kind of gooey(gelatin like) and that is not my style.  I left it alone and ate the majority of my meal. My wife on the other hand had the buffet. A lot of the hot items were not hot. Judging by what she did not eat after a couple of trips her experience was ok. What appeared to be locals along with PD seemed to patronize the place. A lot of buffet carry outs. Personally I would not recommend to my circle. I guess you could say I'm spoiled when it comes to Asian dishes especially vegetable delight in spicy garlic sauce with tofu extra crispy. *I came here because the reviews were not bad but I should have taken note of one review that mentioned the food had an Asian Latin combo thing going on. My dish missed on the seasoning. Service was good thus the rating not dipping below 3 and they did try to accommodate me.Pretty good buffet, not enough veggies...but green beans are good chicken wings, terry chicken, fried shrimp, Mongolian beef are my favorites.  Always busyi have hung out here several times and had dinner while waiting for flights...the food is better than most you find in airport restaraunts, and the drinks are good.  the best part though is if you sit out in the "patio" area that faces all the people traffic...the visual entertainment is well worth any issue you'll have with the food.Very average.  Not a lot of other good choices in the airport.Don't go here if you are in a hurry to catch your flight.

I don't love you back, ice cream. $5.50 for ONE scoop and another $2 for one more scoop. Served in a small cup that you can easily wrap your hand around. What has our world come to?I got the pineapple ice cream, thinking it would be some Dole-pineapple taste. Wrong! There's barely any pineapple flavor! It's more creamy-flavored or some kind of coconut flavor. It's hard to even tell that it's pineapple without knowing you bought it. Not great.The service was really rushed. The guy behind the counter asked us if we were ready while still skimming through each flavor. Everything looked good on the outside, but for $5.50/scoop, I think I'd rather go to Sbarro's or some Italian gelato/ice cream shop. Ciao, ciao!I give it three stars, because while the gelato I had was delicious, it was really expensive (too expensive for what it was) Alas, it's Vegas, but still.A nice little treat after eating at any of the restaurants nearby.  Its pricy, but the gelato is very good.I have have not tried the beverages, and that may be where its at. I wouldn't make a special trip here.it's a bit overpriced.overpriced gelato ($6 for a single scoop). coffees ($6 for a cup of joe's).  drinks.my friend got the hazelnut and i got the pistachio

+ salmon = salmon roll

- THE COST! OMG, THE COST! $27+ for a medium and large sandwich, plus 2 large drinks. If the sandwiches were amazing, I'd say it was still pricey but worth it on occasion. This was unfortunately not worth it.  :/Jersey Mike's still reigns supreme for me.I enjoy coming to Which Wich for a quick lunch experience, even though it's not consistently that.I like that you can go in & mark your order on a paper bag, making it somewhat quicker than other sandwich establishments where they ask you whether you want to add this, that, & the other at the last minute. I like the variety of ingredients that can be put on the sandwich to make it full. Now & again they're not consistent so not everything that I on the bag show up on the sandwich. Even so it's probably one of the better sandwich places in town.Work ordered us all the boxed lunches today... Small sub, chips, and a cookie.. Not bad, not bad at all..Just wish they included a pickle instead of a cookie."It has been well said that a hungry man is more interested in four sandwiches than four freedoms." ― Henry Cabot Lodge Jr. Oh, Which Wich... What can be said about this sandwich joint?  You walk in, grab a bag, check off anything and everything you want, and sign your life away to whatever masterpiece you've created.  While I'm not bonkers or a crazed enthusiast of this joint like some of my other friends, I'll admit that they can make a delicious sandwich for a hefty price depending what you get.  Buy a cookie, a shake, and grab a punch card.  The ingredients are fresh and everything I've ever had tasted decent.  Come here when you want to switch things up.  For me, I think I'll stick to another sandwich place with the initials of JJ.  ;)A little pricey quality not the best..probably a good place to bring kids. But I like telling someone what to put on my sandwich and the order taker asked which Wich did I want..went home found it had nothing on it...always read the fine print...Make sure you have some free time.  Ive been to the chandler location twice now once when it opened and now.  On both occasions it was moderately busy around 5-10 people and every time its taken a minimum of 30 minutes to get a cold sub.  On the first occasion their registers went down but I chalked that up to them being new.  The owners were there and very polite about it.  This time they ran out of ingredients.  After 20 minutes had passed with my bag sitting there all alone the sandwich finally arrived it would have been nice for them to let me know rather than waste my time.  I was the only one left in the restaurant waiting soit wasn't hard to spot me.The food was good they have interesting combinations and a ton of ingredients to choose from.  It is a little more expensive than most sandwich shops but if there is an ingredient you just have to have the price is worth it.  Overall it is a decent sandwich shop with a good selection.  Just make sure you have half an hour to burnThe cost!!! My god, the cost. $14. For a single sandwich.  That is nuts. The food was the same quality as subway.  Honestly, if you're going to charge that much, your quality or speed must be a differentiator, and they were not.Save money and time, and hit the Subway for the same quality sub.Great Sandwhich, but slow service. Took about 15 minutes to get my order. Quicker service would make it 5 stars in my opinion.Food is good but the service takes forever!! I literally waited 25?minutes for my food when it was not busy at all.Was excited to try out hot pot for the first time as my roommates said its awesome. I thought it was a little expensive but wasnt too disappointed as there was a huge selection of meats and vegetables. The only thing they can work on is to hire waiters/waitresses that speak a little better english and to make the rice less mushy.I always get the chicken sandwich, but recently tried a cheeseburger here. The cheeseburgers are pretty tasty. I was pleasntly surprised. The service is quick and is what you would expect from most  Cook Outs. The prices are on par for what you get. I have yet to try the shakes.The owner of this business contacted me after my initial review.  It took quite a bit of convincing, however I was swayed to give them a final attempt at having a different experience.  Initially my gut knotted as I handed over my smart phone; by the end of the day I was asking to thank Abraham personally.  He genuinely is trying to provide a good service, and reputable store.  If you're having any difficulty or think you should be having a better experience, ask for him directly.I've been here a couple times and they fixed my phone.  Always a line to talk to front desk guy.  They've done good repairs, but they have customer service opportunities.  Not good on the phone when I called for a status update (I only called because they said it would be ready by that time).  They're also more expensive and take longer than competition down the street (Phoenix I Phone Repair). $150 instead of $105 and 4hrs instead of one hour for a screen replacement on a Saturday morning.  I don't think I'll be going back.The set-up of the restaurant is not so great.  The front door doesn't have a second door so anyone sitting near the door was freezing.  I had asked the waitress to move me to a table further away from the door since it was so cold and the place was relatively empty.  She sat me down and said, "Oh, sorry for the weather."  Um...k?  I had the pho last night.  It's actually pretty decent tasting, almost on par with the popular Saigon Noodles on the westside. However, the pho came in this ridiculous bowl that would make it difficult for anyone who really loves to eat the noodles with the broth, to eat both together.  My dining companion's dish also came in a ridiculous bowl that didn't really work for her vermicelli noodles.  The waitress wasn't that great; she forgot to bring me an actual spoon to use and left me with a ladle.  She also forgot to bring out the condiments (bean sprouts, basil, lime, jalepenos).  When I asked for it, she gave me a weird look and said, "Oh yea... I'll go get that for you."  All in all, the pho was decent and I'd probably come back for it.  The service wasn't great and the food is overpriced, but I guess it has to be that way since it pays high rent on State Street.  I'd still be more likely to go to Saigon Noodles for pho and spring rolls over this place though.It's okay just. Since they changed the chef. It's not as good as before thoI've been to dragon i twice. As other people had mentioned, the service needs to change. The staffs were friendly but they seemed like they don't really know the menu.Also, my friend won a gift certificate to Dragon I during a cultural festival. However, the owner set the expiration date a week after we received the certificate. It seems like he wasn't too willing to give out that certificate and hoped that we won't remember to use it before it expires.When we were there, we ordered beef pho, chicken curry, and kimchi fried rice. Overall the food quality was good but I think their food is a bit overpriced. It is worth to mention that they have karaoke there. It is not a bad place to go with your friends to hang out on a weekend night.The have a good karaoke place!

Shoestring fries just aren't my thing. And the Bacon Double Cheeseburger was just okay. Couldn't taste the bacon like you do at five guys...and no fresh-grilled smokiness like FG either.As far as ambiance, it's Fast Food Grade but even the patio tables were being wiped down diligently, which I appreciate.Doubt we'd go back unless it was the only thing around.

Bottom Line:

- Carnitas were good but not impressive

After we got our food we sat for a very long time with no drink. Our waiter seemed to of disappered for 20 min. Maybe they have things to do in the back before their shift ends. but, the hostess walked by us several times. I think she should of asked us if we wanted refills.

3) It pretty much looked like it usually does, but slightly better.4) Their styles pretty much are the same. Straight or curly.

1 star for the Poutine and Garbage friesStopped to have burgers with family.  Burger is pretty good.  Pricey for a burger, wasn't worth the $$, especially to not have fries.  Service was average.  Not very attentive.   Too many tables for the waitress.  Food came out quick and was hot.  Probably would eat again with a coupon. With great service and better value, would be 4 stars.Yes the burgers were better than average but when we received our bill of nearly $100, I quickly thought it was not that good.... My daughter's milk was not part of the kids meal drink, only a soft drink... yet they gave her a milk in a kid's cup and still charged me for a regular milk. Definitely overpriced....Nothing starts off a weekend of bachelorette awesomeness like a tasty burger.A friend & I split a Caprese burger which I thought was a nice flavor combination; & I liked how the restaurant's name is branded into the top of the bun. Our group also shared some Garbage fries & some Fried mac 'n cheese nom noms. My best description for the fries is that they are like chili cheese fries on crack. To be honest, they weren't all that special, but the jalapeño somehow kept me going back for more. The nom noms (yes, that's really the name) were nice & crispy on the outside but the actual mac 'n cheese was bland & had a weird grittiness.The service was great as I think the waiters/waitresses have plenty of experience handling large groups of guys/gals. This is a good place to check out if you're in the mood for something quick, casual, but still good on the Strip.Solid burger joints are always a plus for me. The burgers here were very good and I felt the portion was just right. They have interesting burger toppings and a variation of fries and shakes. And yes, you can get them "spiked". Also the service was great. Check it out next time you're at the Venetian/Palazzo.this is a good burger joint, it did the job.  I feel that fries should be included in the price of the burger as it's just potatoes and that isn't that expensive to make and at a cost of $7 is just not justified in my books.   I had the Dante burger (blue cheese and onions).  it was flavorful and tender but the cost was $14 and fries would have been an additional $7.00 so didnt' get them.    I Love Burgers - its time to cough up fries with your burgers at no additional charge.I also had the strawberry milkshake it was very very good, however again it was a bit high for the amount you get.  (a small slender glass with a 1/4 leftover in the milkshake shaker).   So if you got the burger, fries and milkshake it would be over $30.00 too high......Server forgot my side salad and the avocados on my burger that I asked for. Flavor is lacking. My two friends asked for medium cooked meat and one got medium rare and the other one got well done. Only leaving two stars because our server was nice and I feel like he tried his best.Update: increased it to three stars because our server gave us a discount and he didn't need to do that but he did so great job on the customer service.I had the I (heart) bacon burger. I ordered it medium and it came well done. It was just OK quality. Also overpriced. You would get a better burger for less at a diner.I like their daring, different types of specialty meats and cheeses...THIS IS NO STEAK N SHAKE!  That being said their pricing could use a little work.  The fare did not justify a $30/burger bill, however, location, location location!  It may have something to do with the fact that it's located in the heart of the Palazzo.Went in the morning before the start of a show. Had the egg and bacon sliders. Stuff was actually really good with added quail eggs. Unfortunately, the staff could have given less of a damn and stood around talking to one another to get us silverware and other stuff sorta needed to make a meal happen. Terribad service also screwed up two orders by delivering literally the entirely wrong offering to two in my party. I at least had good to go service :/. I love burgers. This place might...but their service said otherwise.It's ok.  Not worth $20 a burger. Service was average and the Burger was below average.Okay, the staff is great but i expected better burgers. Although we got sliders and not burgers, I still assumed they would have been just as good, but they were decent. The fries and mozzarella sticks were better. The staff was nice and there are $4 beer during happy hour. That's all I got to say about that.Very nice server. She was super attentive to our needs.  Some kitchen problems.  Order took about 30 minutes although it was fairly slow at 11:30 on a Sat. Two of our six orders had to be sent back.  First one incorrectly had cheese on it and second was requested medium ears and delivered well done.The food was decent. I had the Standard burger and shared a few fries. I liked that it says the restaurant's name on the bun of the burger. It's very filling; six hours after eating, I still wasn't hungry. Service was good. The waiter was friendly and promptly gave us our drinks and check.Went here for dinner with the family on Wednesday night. We were seated right away. The ambience is very casual and low key. Server came right away and brought drinks. She was very friendly and wonderful. Except was covering a lot of tables so kinda slow with service. The menu is not extremely large and had decent sounding burgers. Biggest downside is that it is pricey $11-25 per burger and non came with fries. We ordered the loco moco and I love Seoul burger. The loco moco had decent flavor but the portion was on the small side. I thought the Seoul burger was too big and messy. Flavor was just ok. The parties were both large and almost over cooked (medium). We got the Garbage fries with it and asked for no olives. The fries of course came out with olives. The server was flagged and she apologized for the mistake and reordered us another one (took another 10-12mins). The fires were essentially a chili cheese fries with cilantro and jalapeño. All in all, I was underwhelmed by the meal. I would probably not come back.A-OK basically sums this place up. We came here for breakfast Friday morning and you feel like you're walking into a giant mushroom house (very strange, I know, but if you go there you'll understand). Lots of staff on hand but the place was practically empty. I ordered the French toast combo; French toast, 2 eggs any style, hash browns and bacon. Replacing the bacon with fruit was an extra $2. Huz ordered an egg white veggie omelette. Food was eh. Kind of what you expect from a diner. Nothing special.Came here specifically for the loco moco, which they only serve during  breakfast hours (8-11:30 AM).PRESENTATION: 4/5

I think they have a $5 min. if you want to use your credit card.With a name like No 1 Boba Tea, you really have high expectations. After eating at Noodle Pot, I really needed some boba, so walked over to the little plaza within the plaza ($18 foot massage upstairs!) and ordered a lychee smoothie. Friend got the pineapple. Lychee was delicious and I had little lychee jellies in mine along with my boba. The pineapple didn't have much flavor to it, unfortunately. Is it the best boba place ever? No. I think they were $3.50 each. But if I do need a boba fix while in Vegas, I'd stop in.I used to love this place. The drinks are still good, but the customer service has dropped ever since the awesome old lady left. She was honestly what made this place- always had a smile, remembered me, just a generally friendly and pleasant person. I don't know what happened since they opened their second location, but that's when the place sorta fell off for me. Still where I'll go for my boba fix, just not as often anymore.2.5 STARSFor a place that dares to call itself "No1 Boba", I was expecting the boba to be amazing. This was hardly the case. The boba tasted like it had been sitting there for awhile...With that being said, I got the mango smoothie. It was very refreshing. I saw the lady put in fresh mangoes :D For the price of $2.95, I have to say, not too shabby either.So next time you're in the mood for a nice fruit drink, this is the place for you. Just order whatever fruit smoothie and skip the boba (or opt for the jelly)!Living in Anchorage, I miss the days of heading over to my favorite NorCal boba shop and getting some passionfruit green tea boba.  So when I saw this place on my trip to Vegas last week, you bet I abruptly turned the rental car into the parking lot to get a boba fix.  But alas, I was not impressed.  I asked for the passionfruit tea boba with half-sugar since I'm not a fan of super sweet drinks.  Even with half-sugar the tea was ridiculously sweet, so sweet I didn't even finish it.  The actual boba were tasty - chewy but a little firm, just the way I like them.  So I fished around to get all the bobas and threw the rest of the tea away. Sigh.I had a little trouble finding this place within the chinatown mall setting amongst all of the other stores, and when we got there, I was kind of disgusted with all of the weird looking fishes they had on display. Despite that, they also had huge jars of strawberries on display that looked extremely appetizing. The people taking our order were kind of rude to be honest. They kind of ignored us for around 10 minutes even though we were ready to order. That seemed very inefficient to me because a huge line had formed and they weren't taking any orders.I ordered a peanut butter banana smoothie, and it was delicious. I've never had such a good combination at a boba place. The peanut butter wasn't overpowering, and the banana really shined through as well. It was the perfect balance. I will definitely want to try that combination again at other boba places in the future to see if it measures up. Overall, the service was slow and kind of rude, the place was pretty ugly aesthetically, but the boba was delicious. I will most likely be back if I'm in the area, otherwise, I'll stick to EasyLife Boba.It makes me sad to write an update for this, removing a star rather than adding one. Since my last review, I have came back several times with only a week apart of each visit. It's like each time I come here, the drinks are getting worse and worse. So far, I've tried their honey dew, watermelon, canteloupe, mango, and papaya --all fruit slushes (non-dairy). Honey dew is my absolute favorite of all. The rest just weren't as memorable and definitely not something I'd come back here for. Well, I ordered my honey-dew again just a few days ago and maybe it's the fact that it's all fresh fruit and the season is just off that it's making the drinks taste really, REALLY bland. The customer before me even came back and asked to have her drink changed because it tasted like just water and ice blended (which is most likely true). The worker or owner seemed to give them a difficult time about remaking/reordering a new drink. I may have even overheard them saying there was a service charge to re-make a drink (what?). That left a bad taste in my mouth, but who knows, maybe they ended up doing it free of a charge after I left. I can't say that I would never come back to this place again because I still have hope! You just have to order the right drink, at the right season. How difficult right? It's so worth it when it's all perfect timing though.Still yet another average boba place. I had the avocado slush with boba. it was good, quenched my thirst. but i wouldn't jump for joy saying man this is the sh**! It was good, small place, and they use real fruit/fresh frozen. that is a big plus. moderately priced. great place. inside chinatown plaza mall. so they don't get much clientele compared to volcano tea.Kinda hard to find, but it's inside the main building in the Chinatown mall/plaza. The boba is pretty soft. Milk tea with boba is decent, 3.5/5. The price is average.It was ok, it didn't wow me but I'd come back if I were in the area.So we've been coming here since it first opened. It was really great a few years ago. I'm pretty sure this place has changed ownership and since my last visit about a week ago, I'd say the quality has suffered a little. I usually get the lychee flavored boba. They used to put pieces of lychee in the drink. No longer. It's just lychee flavored and that's about it. So I guess I have a hard time thinking that it's worth the $4 and some change it costs for a medium. They're still fast and convenient, but not as great at it once was.Well, based on reviews, I had high hope for this place.  Sadly, it's pale in comparison to other places that I've been to before.  I ordered the Taro bubble tea, my usual.  I just can't pin point where the miss is.  The bubbles are fine and soft.  Just something is missing.  I hope this is not the best that Vegas has to offer.Had the almond milk tea for approx $4 for the large.Good: not as sweet as usual almond milk teas

The amenities are good. However, the towels in mutt room were grayish, certainly not white. They didn't smell that great, either.

The bad part was the restroom. Oh my god it was nasty!! Toilet paper in the floor. No one cared about flushing it neither!The service was amazing!!! Our server was Alex and she was amazing. She was very attentive and always replaced my margaritas. The house margaritas are amazing. BUT they are STINGY when it comes to meats with your meal. I ordered ceviche and It had only 3 small shrimps. My friend ordered a tostada and it had lots or cheese but only 4 shrimp. It was very disappointing. The taste was yummy but the portions are ridiculous for the price. I would definitely go back to have margaritas but for the food go some where else.Honestly not a big deal as people make it seem. I got a burger and my boyfriend got a sandwich the chicken sandwich is really dry and lacks flavor the chips and salsa are $3 for bottomless but the sauces are way too garlicky. I really enjoyed the theme the ambiance. We didn't see out server much & when we tried asking for the check the guy was busy talking to what seemed like another co worker that stopped by he did t have a uniform but he was behind the counter and it took us a while to get his attention. The fries are good tho!Valley Goldmine has done two fundraisers at my school, and that I do appreciate. Personally, I had one great experience with them and one unpleasant. For my first experience, I brought them my husband's ring from his first marriage. I very quickly got a fair price and was written a check right then and there. The second time they came into school, they had only one primary staff member there (which was probably appropriate since the attendance was far less than the first fundraiser), but as it turned out, I would have appreciated a second pair of eyes. This time, I brought in a gold and silver bowl that had been a gift from a Turkish boyfriend years ago. The guy seemed less than interested, and quickly dismissed me with "there's no stamp." That's funny, because when I took it back to my desk, I saw a stamp- in the middle of the bowl. I guess he didn't want my business, or maybe it was going to be too much of a hassle to figure out the weight and pricing for an unusual item like a gold and silver bowl, even though I was his only "customer" at the time. I sure wasn't interested in going back and arguing with him about it, given his demeanor.I know this business has been rated the best in the Valley, but I hestitate to use them again. And I have no clue where to take my bowl now.Micheal serviced my Bosch dishwasher that is around 7 years old. The main control switch was the problem. The fees for the main control switch and labor, plus and additional $40 to come out to my place was quite pricey. At nearly $280 total, I felt a little taken. I was only able to save $20 with the Yelp discount of get $80 for $60 and it didn't make much difference in the end--especially in lieu of the coupon NOW on Yelp, offering 30% off total bill!! Mike said that Yelp monthly fees are quite high and he barely gets anything out of them--well then I guess he is passing that loss on to me, the customer. The job was done, an easy replacement of a part. Had I owned the tools to check the wiring myself I could have done the job. #1) owning a Bosch means that you are at the mercy of whomever is willing to service them.#2) living in FHIlls means that many won't even consider travel to Shea and Saguaro without charging extra--which is ridiculous. If anyone out there feels differently or similarly, please feel free to chime in.DON'T buy from their online site. They may not have the books in stock. They also don't answer phone calls because "they're busy." They also don't answer their emails. I suggest you do a side by side comparisons with the CSN Bookstore and Amazon (or wherever you get your textbooks) before going here. All I ask from them is to at least answer my emails about canceling my order. This was resolved when I actually went in store to only find out they don't have it in stock and closed the item for me. Therefore, only go here if you are positive that they're the cheapest because Renttext is NOT always cheaper than their competitors. They also work best if you actually visit them in store. Otherwise, they are helpful in that aspect.I went to this particular store today just to buy ornaments.  This store is not too different from the other Hallmark stores in the area we've been to recently.The Christmas ornament collection here is actually pretty well stocked.  We were in some of the other stores in Moon and Robinson and we had trouble getting the 4 Songbirds (12 days of Christmas) ornament for this year.  This store had quite a few of them so if you seeking this one they had a bunch.Hallmark has a coupon on their national website that is save 5 dollars for your purchase of 10 dollars or more and we were able to use no problem.  We did have an issues at the store at 1717 Cochrane (Emily's Hallmark)  just minutes before as they refused to accept this coupon.  This store in Mt. Lebanon gave us no such hassle and they were quick and friendly as well.This was my first time trying out Dickey's.  Upon walking up to the door, I was greeted by the smell of smoked bbq which is always a good sign.  The inside is very nice but is a little tight in some spots.  I ordered the brisket, which was pretty good. The sides were average.  The Mac and Cheese was very thick. It tasted like instant MAC and Cheese and did not have the originality I've come to enjoy at most bbq joints.  The potato salad was average as well.  I will say the iron waffle fries were very good.  I took a few from a coworker.I think you should definitely check this place out.  It's nice to have a bbq joint in Ballantyne by the office parkSo when I used to travel to Texas I would always make a stop at Dickey's in Dallas. They were everywhere and were always great. This location is not consistent with the Dickey's I knew from Texas. The location is very small. Not like any Dickey's I have ever been in. It's also poorly laid out. I don't think they really thought that design thru. The drink area is a one person at a time ordeal with no return if there is another person there.When you order you have to speak loudly and it feels very unorganized. Too many people asking me what I want and I have no idea who is filling my order. The one person at a time thing takes a long time to order even with 5 or so people in line. I can't imagine that place during a lunch rush.The eating area is small and cramped. The food was OK but not up to the Texas locations I have been to where the food is much better and taste really good. There was something missing and the meat lacked flavor or intensity like the Texas locations.There seemed to be a fair amount of confusion as well. On top of that there was a young lady working there who seemed to like to roll her eyes a lot. This is extremely annoying. She came out to wipe tables and rolled her eyes when she found a misplaced napkin. When she found something else she again made some half cocked comment and rolled her eyes and when I asked about the sweet tea she again rolled her eyes at me while one of the other women (who looked like they were owners or invested) helped me. She looked to be related to someone or maybe just has a bad habit or rolling her eyes every time you ask her for anything but it's annoying enough to never want to go back and look at her roll her eyes at me every again. It's just disrespectful.Everyone else in there was nice and engaging but there are still lots of kinks to sort out. Let's hope they decide to move to a larger location cause Texas BBQ can't be in a space that small...it needs a Texas sized location!The beef is actually pretty good..the sauce very good.  The meat portions are very small.  There is is guy slicing the meat very thin and weighing it on a scale.  Holy smokes people, this Texas BBQ, put some meat on the plate, raise the price if you have to.  The sides, especially the beans, are ok.  This is a BBQ place, it is should be about the MEATI have to say not bad at all for a chain BBQ joint. BBQ had a good taste to it but what got me was the sides we got was very good, I really liked the baked potato casserole. You also get to take home the drink cups which are hard plastic cups, I know it's the little things! Service was good but they could use a lesson on when to not talk out loud when customers are in the place. But I would go back again for sure. They also play awesome music from TX over the store.On the plus side... Enough employees to make extra-fresh hand-made Japanese-style bites. Nicely presented combo-boxes. Very reasonable prices.But... Enough employees to make me question the profitability of this venture. Dreadful lighting.Kind of a staple at times. Only marked 3 because of the parking at times. Can't beat the price though.The staff was friendly, and that's about all I really have to say in a positive fashion.  There is a new chef Mod, the restaurant has been remodeled and honestly it's just too strange for me for me now.  The food is strange, the artwork is strange, and servers using orange skate boards as serving trays is certainly strange!

-Despite the variety, none of it is particularly memorableIf you can stomach the long wait the Bacchanal buffet is probably one of the best in Las Vegas!  They think their new ticketing system works well but to me and most other guests it's a complete clusterfuck!While we were standing in line my friend E.L. made an interesting observation.... she said (and I paraphrase her..) in 3rd world countries people wait in line for clean water and vaccines that could save their lives,... in North America we wait in line to stuff our faces with food!!!  Wow EL. what a revelation!  I never expected you to have the depth to make a comment like that!!!  Haha!  ok....  I could only stomach two average size plates.... 1 dinner plate and 1 dessert plate....  Maybe sitting there watching all these people gorging themselves took my appetite away...   I kind of remember this place being really good last time I came here...  this time not so much!  I think it will be a while before I come back to the Bacchanal Buffet again!I'm not sure why people think this is the best buffet in Las Vegas.  It's definitely a good buffet, but not close to the best.  I'd rank the Wynn, Aria, and Bellagio buffets above this.Cost-wise, this buffet is pricey.  At over $50/person, it's ridiculous, especially with the crazy lineups.  They have a nice kiosk feature which is great, but still, if you don't plan ahead, you're looking to wait 1-2 hours just to eat.The worst part is, how the buffet is designed, it's always over capacity.  There's a lineup to get food, after you lineup to get in.  It's crazy.  People lineup to get the seafood items, which aren't very good.  The oysters are tasteless, the crab legs are small and salty, and they don't even have King Crab during the weekdays.For better value, stick with Aria, Bellagio, or the Wynn!  You get much better bang for your buck.I'd give this a 3.5 stars... Came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon. Took about 1 hour to get a text telling us our table was ready. It wasn't actually ready, we had to first pay, then wait in line for another 30 mins for a table to be ready. Once seated the server promptly took our drinks orders. We then went scavenging across the buffet. There is a huge assortment of food here. From Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, meat, seafood, to a basic salad. I tried out the crab legs as they seemed to be very popular. All the food I tried was excellent. My favorites were the mac n cheese, the lamb, and the cheese board. Dessert was a bit disappointing. The cookies and cakes didn't have great textures, but the ice cream variety was pretty impressive and delicious!Layout of the dining room is good. Never had to wait to get to the buffet. We ended up having 3 different servers, which was a bit weird, but they kept our drinks topped up the whole time.Overall I was quite impressed with the selection and quality of the food. I'll probably come back at some point, but I'll test out a few other restaurants on the strip first.Don't believe all the hype. Yes, it is good but no better than Wicked Spoon, M or Wynn.  Ate here on Saturday for "brunch".The good:  NO LINE. Got right in with no wait at 10am. Food was all good quality and tasted tasted good. Memorable were the charcuterie selection of meats and cheeses (some fresh baked baguette would be good there).  Truffled scallop potatoes. Pizza and Asian selections were good. Eggs Benedict had no flavor at all. The less than good:  sorry guys, the dessert selection sucks. Lack of selection and all gelato was so weird nobody wanted to try - "beer shandy gelato", nah. NO PRIME RIB. Really? For brunch?  LAME. LAME. LAME

-Hawaiian Poke Stack- watch out sometimes the tuna is not that fresh though lol

Vicktory's sports bar good fish n chips weak martini

-a lot of young hip "cosmopolitan-ish" crowd, meaning eye candy

The kitchen is always packed, there aren't enough shelves for everyone, they let me use a dusty shelf that had stuff that hadn't been claimed, old peanut butter, stale cereal etc, I had to clean it myself. There are a couple of big, dirty fridges where you put your labelled food. They have a tv room, and a dining room in the main house, where there's the office, this area is closed between 1am and 8am. The rooms have their own yard at the back, you use the code to let yourself into the yard and your room key for the room, that's 24/7.When you check in, you get a set of sheets and a pillow case. There's already a blanket that is not clean on the bed. I noticed that they never changed those in the seven days I was there. I know it's summer in Vegas, but the AC is impressively cold, therefore people tend to cover up at night, it would be courteous of them to wash the blankets before letting the next person use them.

Ive never dealt with this b4 and Ive been all around the country! and all of the sudden 2 rest. within 300 ' of each other both do it??? oh well, about the food.

Tiramasu is one of the best I have had.Meatballs are unique. Half pork and half veal.i can't wait to go back for a NY Back Door pizza.I don't  think it is as good as Gaspers though but I will go back and try something else. And I loved Joe at first sight. Ahhhhhh good ole NewYorkers! I miss it!Excellent bread and the meatballs are to.die.for. Veal and pork with little-to-no binder. The meat is ground fine and the huge portions are super-tender. This is the real deal, no doubt about that! Service at the tables was excellent, I had a nice wine pairing with my dinner, and the bread is delicious with the spicy oil and herbed butter! I liked how the owner worked the room like Artie Bucco - that was a nice touch. This is a real family establishment. Service at the bar disappointed me the most, though. Although I had a seat and the bar was not full, no one seemed to give a shit that we were sitting there for 10 minutes until Artie came out to see what's doin' and that was when we were able to tell him we wanted to order drinks. And then he told the bartender to get us something, which she did, silently.I had to ask to be served, then ask for a refill, then ask for my tab, then stand there awkwardly waiting for the bartender to return with it while she attended to other business in the meantime while holding my card...?Tried this place today for the first time. Great ambiance and equally great service. My husband bought the Italian sausage which he absolutely loved. I got chicken fettuccine  which actually tasted exactly like the Italian we make at home using the packaged vodka sauce sold at Fry's. This definitely was a waste of $18 for me, I wish I had ordered something else which was more of their delicacy.For the price we paid, I probably would have rather spent the money someplace else.A friend and I visited Aiello's on a Thursday night, our reservations were for 8:00 and we only had to wait about 5 minutes for our table.  The hostess was unprepared and there is no space for waiting.  The place was just finishing the dinner rush.  We sat at a table where we could see into the kitchen.  We ordered the Eggplant Rollatini as an appetizer and it was a very small portion, though it was delicious.  The bread was fresh and the herbed butter was delicious.  We both ordered the Pesto Gnocchi.  We enjoyed our dinner, but felt it was a bit overpriced.  The waitress was very unattentive.  My drink went unfilled for quite a while and it took ages for her to take our order.  If the service were better I would have rated this restaurant 4 stars.  As I said, the portions were small and the service was lacking.  I will not return.Great atmosphere, small place though so during peak times I am sure you will want to have a reservation. The stuffed artichoke appetizer was amazing. They even let me order it at lunch when it isn't on the menu. Great service. The meatball hero was very good. the salad that comes with it is just ok, the balsamic house dressing is a little strong and may not be for everyone. My guest had the spaghetti and meatballs and thought it needed some garlic or oregano, something to give it some more flavor. My meatballs were covered in cheese.Our meal at Aiello's Italian restaurant was just okay.  We expected more - more flavor, that is!  Mostly the food was bland and tasteless.  A Groupon deal was our  motivation to visit this restaurant.To begin with our friendly server suggested a wine - we were surprised to learn it was a pricey $12 a glass. And my lunch buddy said he didn't particularly like the wine either.  Be sure to check the wine list BEFORE ordering.  A warm basket of bread was brought to the table. However, the bread was not chewy or tasty but had an odd cakelike texture.I was expecting a hearty minestrome soup.  This was not hearty - a thin, bland tomato broth with lots of pasta.  Adding some grated parmesan gave some flavor. Olive Garden's pasta fagioli soup is 100 percent better.I had the seared salmon over curly pasta in a light creamy sauce.  It was tasty probably due to the crushed red pepper I asked for.  Leftovers that I removed from my frig the following day were rock hard.  I guess the sauce wasn't all that light - probably lots of cheese and butter.  My buddy liked his pork panini although the huge leaves of rapini made for messy eating.Had to try the Italian ricotta cheesecake but wish I hadn't bothered.  It was a big slice, bland and flavorless - 8 dollars a slice!  Lately other restaurants are offering smaller desserts which I like - less calories and cheaper. I guess we'll stick with Olive Garden.  We enjoy their meals a lot better.We've been here twice now & both times were just okay. Very noisy place! We prefer Oregano's better...portions are heartier there.  (Sorry, Aiello lovers). ps....At least at Oregano's, they show old time classic movies instead of the usual football game on their TV's...Let's leave football games to the Sports Bars, not at a nice italian restaurant.The entrees were really good and the bread was fluffy and tasty. However, I found the calamari and cheesecake dessert rather bland. The batter on the calamari didn't have any taste an relied somewhat on the natural flavor of the squid, which isn't alot. And the cheesecake lacked sweetness and needed additional sugar. Still the atmosphere was good and the service was exceptional. Still it was hard to make up or the cost of the calamari and cheesecake.I had dinner at Aiello's with eleven others last Saturday.  Upon entering, I was hit with the wonderful aroma of Italian food and quickly took note of the cozy ambiance (always important to me).  This seemed to be a good date spot as there were several tables with couples.  Also, the restaurant was full of patrons but did not seem crowded, which was nice. They did not have my white of choice, Riesling, so I opted for a glass of the Salvalai Pinot Grigio ($8).  We skipped appetizers and instead noshed on the fresh bread and dipping sides (loved the spicy peppers). I wanted to try the pesto gnocchi but when I saw spaghetti alla puttanesca ($15) on the menu, I had to order it.  Puttanesca is one of my specialties, so I was interested in finding out how their version would compare to mine.  When the waitress set the plate in front of me, I was excited; the smell and look of the dish was right.  However, when I took the first bite, I noticed right away it was too salty.  The olives were served whole (there were quite a few of them) and the chef was a little too heavy-handed with the olive oil and anchovies.  Since the puttanesca sauce require ingredients that are already salty (capers, olives, anchovy fillets), it's especially important to balance the salty items with the rest of the ingredients.  When I make the sauce, I slice the Kalamata olives, which helps to temper the briny saltiness. I also add a bit of dry, red wine for added flavor. For dessert we ordered the tiramisu and cannoli.  I took a bite of each and thought the tiramisu was too light (barely any coffee flavor), but the cannoli was delicious!I was too distracted by the conversations at our table and only managed to get a few pictures of the dishes from that night.  The others gave the food two thumbs up, so this gives me hope for my next visit.Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  Kudos to her for being willing to split the check multiple ways.i may have to give this one another try but the two times i have been were only so so.the first time i had tea and a scone. the tea was good and loose leaf floating in the jar. the scone was terrible, dry and tasteless. the chef did bring out a sample of his pork which was very good and quite nice of him.the second time i took my mother and the tea was good. we went with a tart and once again it was not good.i am sure i could have said something to the owner but i was just too tired and didnt feel the effort was necessary.based on the other reviews here i may have to give it another consideration. i know that the owners are very nice people but nice doesnt get everything in the restaurant world. you also have to deliver.Admittedly, I had prepared to hate this place with a passion you only see in the movies.The name just screamed "flax seed and watercress salad".Not that I'm hating, mind you. I'm sure the same people that just had a foodgasm thinking of flax seed and watercress will look right back at me and go "raw fish? chinese-mexican fusion? GROSS". I just realized that's the first time I've ever used the word "fusion" to describe a restaurant. I finally feel like I'm grasping the intricacies of foodie lingo. The next test is to say the word "shi shi" in a sentence with a straight face. When we sat down in the purgatory of warm, earthy tone-laced interior design that was the restaurant, the waiter informed us it was "soul food night". Normally, when some restaurants say it's "blank blank night" that usually mean that's what the special is or that it's a bargain. No, at Urban Tea Loft, "Soul Food Night" means that's all they're serving. We all ordered what we thought would be amusing forays into "Chandler nightlife with a hint of elegance" or some nonsense. After browsing the extensive tea menu, we settled on a pot of Rooibos Chai, iced. The waiter brought out a pot of lukewarm tea and three glasses with ice in them.Kay......I realize, in retrospect, that serving the ice separately was the wiser move, but I remember feeling really confused at first.It'd be like saying "I'd like that on the rocks, please" and the bartender gives you your drink in a martini glass and a shooter full of ice cubes and lets you at it.Actually, that's not "like what happened" at all. That's EXACTLY what they did.In its defense, the tea was magnificent. Fantastic, really. It was spicy, creamy, and smooth. I almost wish we could've afforded to order more of it, but we just had to try the food. Stupid hunger.For 13 dollars I got a meager filet of shake and bake catfish, a cup of watery coleslaw, and a cornbread muffin. And not even the puffy, scrumptious muffins you find in grocery stores.No, that was not to be my fate. The muffin was barely poking out of its holder. I remember being upset that for 13 dollars they couldn't even be bothered to take it OUT OF THE FUCKING PAPER, but I realized that was for the better; the moment I took it out of the paper, the muffin disintegrated into crumbs, and I spent the rest of my meal spooning it up.The coleslaw was soggy. Yes. I said it. Soggy. I know, right? How can something that sits in mayonnaise all day be soggy?I DON'T KNOW EITHER!Perhaps I've been spoiled on British and German cole slaw, but I expect it to have a bit of a crunch to it. It's not boiled cabbage, after all. It's not wrong to expect some life in  your slaw. And not to call a "tea loft" that serves soul food unimaginative, but c'mon, where's the creativity? Where's the apple or pineapple chunks? Usually with such a pretentious atmosphere you get a little "experimentation" with the menu to make it seem "urbanized".Oh well. The catfish, while crunchy and delicious, just wasn't filling. Again, in their defense, most places that serve fish try to gip (sic) you on it.No wonder people stick to Red Lobster. It's corporate and soulless but at least you don't have to hit a drive-thru on the way home.Look, I know we live in a land-locked state, but it's not like you're fishing for the damn thing yourself. I don't see you out there with a harpoon. Don't try to fucking fool me.Misty S got the vegetable plate for 9.75. By far I think the best deal. Sure, it's just a bunch of little trays of sides and is even less filling than the aforementioned meat entree, but you get twice as much of the "New American" feel and flavor.Fun Fact: Having spent my childhood in Europe, I was raised to believe that fish does not count as meat, and I still have a hard time remembering NOT to suggest sushi to my vegetarian friends.So, come for the tea, and stay to pay for the bill. BUT ONLY FOR THE TEA.Anything else and you're just wasting your money.Which can't be that bad. Everyone's doing it these days.Amirite, GMC?As a SF Bay transplant taking another SF Bay transplant out for dinner, there is a certain level of one-ups-manship to our dinner plans. What, you thought the whole "everything with me is a competition" bit was just talk? With both of us coming from the land of non-chains I was desperate to find a venue that was quirky, urban, hip and made me seem a lot cooler than I am. Urban Tea Loft, that's your cue.The yelp reviews swayed me, the charming interior lulled me, the super polite staff put me at ease. The seating was a modern blend of "I'm a couch, no, I'm a booth!" mixed with tables and chairs. Buddy, Jetta R. and I decided to order a pot of Rooibos Chai to start. It was the last smart decision we made.Weekends are "soul food" only. That's cool, I like collard greens. You're allowed to chose your "meat" and one or two sides. Vegetarians can chose three sides. The menu leads you to believe you'll be getting a meal. Don't be fooled. While Jetta R.'s catfish was exquisite and a decent portion size, the sides are served in tiny little cups. My "three meatless sides and we'll call it a vegetarian option" dinner was...not enough. When have you ever seen "soul food" in tiny portions? Doesn't that defy the cuisine? That's like non-fat Indian. See also: Bombay Spice.Everything we tried was delicious, and it's a damn shame the portions are barely large enough for you to figure that out. TL;DR version: Visit this spot to relax, bring your own company or a lap top, and stick to the fare this place is named for - the tea. You won't be disappointed.I've been to Urban Tea Loft several times to buy and try to buy tea. Once I got a warm feeling I want to remember and other times I got a prickly feeling that takes me a long time to forget. The difference is who happen to be there. The owners = warm feeling, the employee staff = prickly feeling. I now feel compelled to tell the story.

Silver medal -  Good portions

2. Great mix of blue cheese crumbles and spicy buffalo sauce.

for the same price, i would rather stay anywhere else. i'm certain service would be better anywhere else.This year, for my group's annual Vegas weekend, we stayed at the Cosmopolitan, because we found a rate online that was roughly half that of what we usually pay at the Wynn.  Four of us booked a room with two double beds for a couple hundred bucks a night.  Sounded like a real deal.CHECK IN:  When we checked in, they claimed that the reservation was for 1 person and that if we wanted to add three more to the reservation, there would be a $60 surcharge per person, per night.  Uh, no.  We definitely booked the room for four and wouldn't have booked at the Cosmopolitan if it weren't for the quoted rate.  After some "whatever, I don't care" attitude from the lady at the front desk, eventually we were given three keycards.ROOMS:  Spacious and clean, but tiny windows with no view and the bathroom lock didn't work.DECOR: Guess they're going for some sort of hybrid fin de siecle / James Bond thing, but I wasn't really into it.  Felt a little cheesy, with the strings of diamonds and whatnot. GAMING: Felt particularly heavy on slots at the expense of table gaming.  Only 6-8 blackjack tables, mostly full.  4-5 craps tables, all full from 7-10.  Space is definitely at a premium, but all of the dealers and croupiers were personable (although I wish they had name tags).  Sports book was tiny and on the second floor, away from the tables - plan on watching somewhere else.This place would be great if it weren't for the crappy guests...Cosmo is pretty and quirky, but it tries too hard to be cool. It's "that guy".The public area music is electro-pop crap. The whole building feels like a "Let's Go To The Club" pre-party, with trashy, smelly hipsters and hill trash EVERYWHERE.BUT, the staff is friendly and the neat things are still neat. I feel like I'd LOVE Cosmo if they closed the club for a week.Nice room terrible service at check-in.   This must be a recurring issue since while I was waiting for 5 hours fir my room I heard from a dealer at the blackjack table, without even mentioning anything, that she could help make the experience at the front desk better.  All I asked her was to deal me good cards.   If they expect to be part of Ritz Carlton they better train the front desk staff to act like it.  Otherwise the rooms are very nice and the rest of the facility is great.Luxury but with a But...

4-Seating available (limited but still there)5-Credit/debit available at many vendors

The atmosphere is fun & even though it could use some TLC it's still a fun place.We ate 10pm which is late, however service takes forever. It took about an hour for the food to come. They also have a steak special but you have to sign up for a card which takes a while. The steak dinner comes with string beans, potato and a beer. It tastes pretty good and standard, not bad for $9 in Vegas. The small casino/brewery isn't ritzy but has a lot of character.However, just expect to wait a long while late at night!A Vegas trip won't be complete without some steak and eggs! I remember the days when these use to be $3.99, fast forward a few years...the steak and eggs are now $5.99. Just $2 more, but worth the price! If you go to Tuscany, their late night specials still include the steak and eggs for $3.99. My friend and I were on our way out of Vegas and decided to drop by. For a Sunday lunch, the wait time was 30 minutes. That's not a problem because we decided to hit up the slots! They will also give you a pager to notify you when your table is available.  If you open a new reward card with them, you'll get a chance to spin the wheel to see how much you'll get on free slot play. The range is $10 - $500, but I think everyone just gets $10. The machines are good for this small casino. They have some of the newer machines that you'd find on the strip. When we finally sat down, we placed our orders. I enjoyed my steak and eggs. I wasn't expecting anything fancy for $5.99. I also ordered some orange juice and coffee (the orange juice was awesome! freshly squeezed). Oddly, the price of the drinks was just the same as the steak and eggs, so my total was approximately $12 for the meal...not too shabby! Overall, I am giving this place 3 stars because it includes both the casino and restaurant. The place is off the strip, so it's attracting a different kind of crowd. Also, the casino was really dark. The restaurant offers good deals and that's probably the only reason why I'll come here again.Service is slow as hell.  Had a waiter that kind of looked like Rick from Pawn Stars.  Took about 15 minutes before we were first greeted and then it was at least another 10-15 minutes until we could order.  The prime rib was excellent though.  Only thing that hurt my experience was the slow service.Beers are relatively inexpensive for proximity to the strip. Some shady characters chill here but it makes for great people watching.This place is classic "old" Las Vegas, but where the Rat Pack would hide their distant second cousins, not "Golden Age" or old school glitzy.  It is where you'd find Clark Griswold's cousin Eddie arguing over the size of his $8.99 steak (which admittedly is smaller than you'd expect).  All in all it is not a bad off-the-strip place but the staff is crabby and the patrons are a little scary (as in staring at your own mortality scary) and the cigarette smoke is omnipotent and inescapable.  But it was my cheapest stop in Vegas and the Prime Rib wasn't bad (better than the steak looked, which my dining companion ordered).$5.99 8oz steak breakfast special can't be beat. And the lady who served us is really nice. But the $3.89 orange juice a ripoff. C'mon, draft beer here is $2.25. Get yourself the beer, not the orange juice - I guess orange juice is just not for Vegas. :(First time here.  I tried the BBQ place, 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 a chicken, baked beans, coleslaw, corn on the cob and garlic bread,  all that plus their in house made root beer for $17.00.  So for the price you can't really complain.Next time I'll try the other side of the restaurant and check out the Prime Rib.We got the lunch special (a small steak with fries) and it was OK.They cooked the steak perfectly (medium rare) but it was very hard to chew, flavorful but tough meat. The french fries came kindda cold and the service was not very helpful.

We were told the restaurant closes at 1030 pm.

The only thing is if you need to use the restroom, you have to leave the restaurant and use the one on the casino floor.

On day one in Phoenix, I had awesome Mexican food, so I thought it came with the territory, not exactly so.I ordered chicken nachos, you can't really go terribly wrong there, right? Service was slow for what we ordered and the fact that they weren't crowded.All in all, it beats the snacks and sandwiches on the plane.Not bad but very commercialized....would be nice to have authentic here at the airport. I'm sure that's to much to ask in this fast paced environment.  Beer was great!First come first serve. Only sit down restaurant in the Delta terminal. Service is fast but supply can run low on staple items such as olives/olive juice for a martini.  Food is standard, still better than the cold sandwiches you can get from the refrigerated cart occupying the terminal hallway.  Nice way to kill time waiting for your flight and especially if you're still craving some mexican good while here in the south.Last time I was here the margaritas were awesome. Today-not so much. Found out that the mix is made daily and varies depending on who made it. Would definitely order beer or wine next time. On a side note-the nachos and tacos were really good. Much better than I expected. Yes I will be back but let's face it there is not much of a choice in terminal 3.Stopped by for breakfast, didn't have any alcoholic drinks but ordered and was served pretty quickly at 530 AM. Ordered the carne asada and huevos which was ok...egg was not bad, steak was too salty and the potato was a little too soft. But service was super fast...it's the airport, can't expect too much right??Service was fast and courteous. Food was subpar. Potatoes were good, but toast and bacon were terrible. Eggs were OK. Wouldn't return to this place.Finally, just what we've allllll been waiting for. Sarcasm aside, this place turned out classier than expected, and if I squinted my eyes a bit I almost felt like I was in Vegas (until the cocktail waitress asked if 'yinz want a crab cake?'). Anyway, I was lucky to come on a soft-opening (VIP/charity) day, so the crowds were at a minimum and you could really check out the facilities. Machines are organized into smoking and non-smoking sections, and they have "video" table-games which are as close as you'll currently get to a dealer for now. With these there's actually a huge flat-screen tv with a real (recorded) person 'dealing' to you. Everything was super clean, but new, sooo that's expected. One thing I do have to point out is the lame names of the bars within the casino. Spiral bar? Drum bar?? Levels??? Really???? Anyway, the bottom line is I was expecting the worst - and was somewhat surprised. You definitely have to check it out at least once. I personally can't wait and return when it's open to the public and it's just a sea of black & gold (I mean literally - the number of steelers/pens/pirates? jerseys will be amazing).Another Gem in Pittsburgh's Crown!This is a tasteful slots casino offering a smooth and sleek decor with excellent views of the three rivers! PREFACE - I do not really dig buffets - that said...Check out the buffet! It's nicer than other non Vegas casinos I've been to. Good service and great views give the buffet an edge. I'm excited to try other eateries on the property in the future. This is a good place to bring out of town guests.21.95 for brunch that includes all you can drink champagne, Bloody Marys and beer...I am there! Brunch at the Rivers seemed like the perfect cure for my hangover the day after Halloween. The food was ok...it was a standard buffet fare. The champagne and Bloody Marys weren't bad either. My only grip is the servers gave me an eye roll every time I asked for a drink! I don't want to feel bad for ordering another round. I was not visibly drunk, loud or rude. I just wanted to hang out with friends, talk about last night's debauchery and enjoy a glass of champagne. Well joke is on you Rivers...I ate your food, drank your booze and walked away with $20 in winnings! The house didn't win this time!!! :)Nice buffet. Free parking. Attractive place. Wide variety of slot machines. Table games are imminent.I HAVE ONE COMPLAINT - how the Players Club point system is promoted. The casino makes a big deal about how you can earn a double or a triple diamond card if you collect enough points. BUT ...there are presently no brochures available at the Players Club desk (I asked twice) to explain the program and nothing on the web site (so far) explaining how points are calculated or how many points are required for each level.To make matters worse, the casino arbitrarily wiped out everyone's earned points on June 1, 2010 and reset everyone at zero points. They told me it is called a new evaluation period.Also misleading (I feel) was a promotion run in June 2010 on each Wednesday. The Rivers promoted that players would receive 7 times the normal points for each bet made on Wednesdays. What they do not tell the public (unless you question them closely) is that there are different kinds of points. The seven times points are not "base points" and only "base points" count towards earning the double or triple diamond cards. Every player I spoke to misunderstood how this 7 times points promotion works. Surely given the hundreds of millions of dollars spent on this casino, they could afford one page on their web site to fairly explain their point system for their heavily promoted players club cards.Went on Saturday Night.Hit for $100 on two separate occasions playing Keno on $20 worth of betting.all table games had a $15 minimum.The place was crowded and it was difficult to get in a craps game or get a seat  at the black jack table.   It seemed like they could've opened up more tables to accommodate the players standing around waiting for a seat.  The dealers on the whole were a bit shaky with numerous recounts and mistakes made for and against the player.  The poker room was packed and again it seemed like the room could've been bigger for more games.   All the bars are cool and different so its fun having a drink at each one.  If you order a drink at a table be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes for your drink unless you tip extremely well.   I will have to check this place out during the week to see the difference compared to a post-bucco game Saturday night.Really torn on Rivers Casino....The good: Personally, I really like it. Go down to play poker about once a week, and I love their poker room. It's open, spacious, comfortable, and pretty busy.The casino interior is nice, looks a lot better than your average non-Vegas slots parlors across the country.I enjoyed the buffet all but one trip, but that was really late right before they closed, so it wasn't busy and the food wasn't being filled fresh. Every other time was really good.

- Red velvet pancake

--ONE coconut water... Great tasting, Healthy, alternative to other sugary     drinks or soda

The beer was good. I had the Red. Now the reason I gave this three stars is that it is named Old World BREWERY. I definitely expected more, but they only had 5 beers to choose from.Wait, no...they only had 5 beers on the menu. They were out of 3 of them. This place is good enough though that I am willing to give it another shot.Dark Knight Porter was excellent.  The Irish Red seemed off.  We were there on a Thursday afternoon.  Looks like they have bands play in the back on a regular basis.  Can't comment on the entertainment, but the beer was ok.

A bite of chicken enchilada with sour cream.

I'd come back if I had some type of coupon.  This must me a good source of protein for body builders, there were a few in here getting in their GAINS.My one week stay at this Residence Inn was fairly good.

Also my friend had a root beer float that she said was okay, they gave her the rest of the unused bottle, but the root beer to ice cream ratio was off as there wasn't enough ice cream. She wondered if they would charge her to top it off with a little more ice cream.Overall, it was decent, and I like the interesting non-typical burger joint options ( fried pickles, fried veggies, sweet potato fries, and some yummy looking salads.

Calamari: lightly battered fried golden okay on the seasoning

spend your money, build a place

In summary, this place is perfect for vacationers with a sense for value.

+ Veal was a bit on the salty side, but tender and fell off the bones!  Yum!!  The mashed potatoes were a good complement and helped to lighten the saltiness of the veal.

(roasted sweet corn & Anaheim chiles, hominy, cotija aïoli) with cilantro and lime.

Fresh Scallop - pretty good (I don't care for the yum yum scallops the Japanese sushi places serve here in general)

Bathrooms were not as clean as I'd assume a brand spanking new bar/restaurant should be and as early in the evening as it was.  And I can promise they would run out of all supplies halfway through the evening due to the minimal amount that was stocked in the ladies room. I didn't eat at this visit.  Overall, it was ok.  I might go back if someone drags me, but I'd rather go to the other two locations (Faith in South Charlotte is an AMAZING server!)

Baked Pork over PeanutsI have to say that everything was good; highlights being the Crab Claws and Fried shrimp.  The Fried shrimp were almost twice as big as Ping Pang and the Crab Claws were bursting with flavor.  Overall, I still like Ping Pang more for the variety and overall quality.  If your on Spring Mountain and you have a taste for Dim Sum, give Cathay House a try.Cathay is A-Ok. Good food, good prices and good for groups. Its not a fancy place to eat but the food is always good. They give you tea which is so refreshing to start your meal. Depending on how busy they are really seems to correlate with the service you get. We have been there with great service and then other times I think they forgot we were even there.It can get really busy there so make sure to go early. The weekends are the busiest but if you go before 11 you should be able to get seated pretty quick.All in all- a solid place for decent, well priced dim sum!This place is alright. I didn't enjoy the food much but the rest of the group liked it. The waiters were kind and the food arrived quickly. The good thing about this place is that it's open late. We came after 1am and there was a fair amount of people in here. I guess it's a popular late-night spot.I wish you could do half stars because it isn't a 3 it's a 3 1/2.  Unfortunately, they are the best dim sum in town.  Ping Pang Pong is way over rated.  Seafood harbor is not really a dim sum place.  And that all day dim sum place is just too dirty and it isn't quite as good either.  If you want dim sum, Cathay House is it.Service was bad but the food was great.  I thought they were closed when I arrived but by the time I left there was a wait to be seated.This place has become a must go spot for me whenever we visit Vegas.  They generally have very good dinner service, but dim sum is somewhat lacking behind when compared to other places nearby (although still better than those places down in Chinatown).  The ambience is like any other Chinese restaurants, table placements can be too close depends on where you sit, but it's generally clean.  The service has been decent to average.Dim sum in the morning is ok, not good, but still not bad overall compared to Chinatown.  I would rate it somewhere in the middle.  Dinner is the best part of this place, they have a great selection of live seafood and often time there are special deals going for live seafood.  I especially like their fresh live shrimps and lobsters.Overall this place is a must-go for Chinese seafood dishes during dinner time, but for dim-sum in the morning is definitely a secondary choice.Dim sum ends at 3pm so note that. Came with my mom and ordered the usual dim sum dishes (chicken feet, shrimp balls, shumai, etc.) Service was fast, but the food was EXTRA greasy (as in, more greasy than typical dim sum food). Beyond the limits of typical Chinese food greasiness.My mom also ordered some fried squid dish that I've had before at other places but I'm pretty certain it was NEVER AS SALTY AS THIS PLACE'S. WHAT IS UP WITH THE SALTINESS LEVEL OF THAT SQUID, YO? I walked out dizzy from high blood pressure.It's cheap though so I give them points for that. However, I'm from LA and the verdict here is that I've had better. Way better.Not a big fan of their dim-sum service anymore. Definately not as good as it used to be. Especially after the last couple times they've changed management. We don't usually come here for dim sum anymore. I like going for their late night food. It's cheap and pretty good.Hmmm, I've been to the Cathay House 2 times in the last 3 months and one time, it was great, the other time, it was barely good.  I hope that doesn't mean you have to go with a Chinese friend for it to be great! lol  They kinda embarrassed me because I took a friend who I'd been telling how great the dim sum was.  I'll still give it 3 stars but if I go next time and the dumplings are not great, I probably won't go back... even though I love their steamed Chinese Broccoli!Might see ya there.We went here about a month ago for brunch/dim sum. I had only had dim sum once before, and my wife had never had it. So we weren't too sure what to expect. We tried about 8 different items and they were all pretty good. The shrimp balls and shumai were our favorite. While we enjoyed our meal, we were disappointed to see the B health dept. rating as we were leaving.My son and I went to Cathay House with some friends because for us adults, we wanted some Dim Sum. I am only giving three stars because one is for clean appearance, 2nd star is for good customer service - we were greeted right away and seated right away as well. The third star was for decent. I got my chicken feet, fried sticky rice, shrimp, and much much more plus desserts.Cathay House has been around for as long as I can remember....so basically since I moved to Vegas in the 90's. It was THE place to go besides "Chang's on Decatur and Trop"....Changs was called something else previously I believe or "Orchid Gardens on Sahara and Lindell". In any case, Cathay House is still the same as I remember it, so loud in there that you can barely hear yourself think. When I go for dim sum, I go for the generic dim sum items. Haw gaw (shrimp dumplings), shu mai, haw churn fun, law may gai (sticky rice in a banana leaf), turnip cake, bbq pork bun, tripe, etc. I don't ever venture away from that with the chicken feet, etc. Overall food is decent...nothing out of this world.  Not the best dim sum I've had, but also not the worst. We came here on a Sunday for lunch for four. Our bill came out to 56 dollars with tip....pricey lunch??? I think it's a bit pricey for Chinese food. Like many Chinese places, service isn't #1 priority, but we made it in and out in less than a hour. I know we will be back, we can't help but go back for more.Dim sum got cold quick and the service was so so. Unfortunately.I didn't Yelp. I came here with a group of friends 2 years ago. It was OK. The camaraderie was more memorable.I came here with one Caucasian this time. It's 11:30 AM on a Saturday. It was not very busy. The wait staff somehow seated 4-people group frist, ahead of us and another 4-people family who had been waiting. Not a big deal.Dim sum selection was good. But the foods were not hot on the push-cart. And they got cold quickly on the table. Could it be the AC from a distance? I had to ask the servers to get us a few plates straight from the kitchen. Did she just microwave it instead? I cou;dn't tell by the taste.The wait staffs were reasonably attentive to clear the empty plates and fill the empty tea pot.I couldn't comment on the actual price since it was a treat by friend this time.So diners, I hope the cold food was just one time thing. Otherwise it's just the standard dim sum fair for Vegas.Dim Sum was authentic and decent.  However, selection was very limited.  Lots of Chinese people were here for lunch so that picture painted a thousand words.We went after 9pm, they have a special menu.  You need to ask for it.  We ordered 9 dishes, these are the ones that suck out in my mind:1.  Peking Spare Ribs - Flavorful, crispy, and just so good.

Five dollars to park.Fully stocked bar is good to know,

I have had some good professors especially with the higher level classes.Dr. Bains with organic chemistry I and II very step by step thorough approach.

I had the Atchafalaya Crawfish Delight.  The blackened catfish was great, as was the cajun rice.  The "seasonal vegetable medley" turned out to be green beans.  These were clearly frozen green beans that were heated.  I gave them to my kid who is used to eating such veggie delights so it was cool, but I expected more.  That being said, the crawfish-etouffee-covered-blackened-catfish was good enough for me to get over it.

I would recommend Freeman's to anyone. I worked with Joel during my experience there and he was very helpful and a straight shooter with me.I called in one day and spoke to him about my issue and he briefly discussed over the phone then told me to come into to discuss further. I drove up there and he explained and demonstrated the difference of sound with various equipment. This was very helpful and informative in my decision of what equipment I was going to need. I had him make me up a quote, everything was priced great. I compared his pricing with online retailers. His original quote contained the same price for the sub on Crutchfield. Then I spoke to him again and I asked him to match Crutchfield price for the amplifier and he was able to go lower than Crutchfield.  Install price was very very reasonable compared to a few other places I looked up. My total invoice when I paid came in $5 less than my quote which I was very pleased about, no extra nonsense added later.Install was great. I had a few minor requests which Joel didn't hesitate to tell me they could accomplish. I didn't notice any broken parts of anything from installation. Everything looks like it did when I dropped my car off, except when you turn up the volume! Sounded exactly the way I had described to Joel what I was looking for.One of my favorite parts was the bass control knob placement. I had only expected it to be up under the dash, but what they did was awesome. They were able to place it on the center console of my Jeep Wrangler in a vacant spot under the arm rest that makes it look as if the knob was OEM. Such a cool added feature and I've realized how much more convenient it is.Again, I would recommend Freeman's.I have been wondering where I could get Greek food in Charlotte since I grew up in Astoria, NY where Greek food was a-plenty.  I didn't even know what Showmars was even though I pass by it every day!  Thanks to Yelp, I checked out the reviews and decided it was worth a go for a quick meal close to home.Given that it's a cross between a diner and fast food, I was pleasantly surprised.  I had the souvlaki platter and my husband had a gyro sandwich.  They weren't the best we ever had, but they definitely did the trick to fills us up with plenty of leftovers.  The best part is that it's really decently priced.  A ton of food for less than $20 for the both of us.  Not bad!I will definitely be back!Good value, pretty good food.  Can't beat that for a fast food diner place.  They have a number of different options to choose from with burgers to souvlaki and gyros.  Surprisingly, their onion rings are a decent sized side item, and they're better than most diners that serve the cheap frozen ones.The service is helpful there and you can go in and out pretty quickly, or stay as long as you need.  There are locations in multiple spots around town, so if they're consistent, will always be a failsafe spot for the Greek craving.Food was great: fast & fresh food wasnt greasy at all :: customer service lowered there stars:: overall it was OK it was clean:Thanksgiving shopping is DONE! We went to HoneyBaked early Sunday afternoon and got the ham and the turkey and a few fixings. Very helpful staff who walked us through what we wanted and helped us determine the right quantities. It sure isn't cheap though!This stuff doesn't have to be bought the day before, ya know? You can get it a little earlier because the line tends to grow as the holidays approach.I would stay here again only because the rooms are clean. The staff tends to look right past you, and watch out when you out at the pool there is algae by the latter and I watched about 6 people slip and fall and they weren't even running. It got to the point to where I laid down a towel on the ground so nobody else would fall.No problems here at all, and the room was very clean and the bathroom was perfect. Decent bedding and no issues with parking, checking in or checking out. We didn't arise in time for the breakfast so I can't comment on that. But I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.I've ordered from this location many times with no issue. Of course, the one weekend I'm ordering pizza because I have guests over, my order is messed up. I partially take the blame for not double checking the box before I walked out. I ordered a Pepperoni pizza, The Works pizza & a large cheese stick. My quoted pick-up time was 15-25 minutes, it probably took about 30-35. No big deal. When she handed me my order, I checked the stickers on each box of the contents, and assumed since the stickers were correct, so was the pizza. When I get home, I open the box labeled 'The Works' only to find the literal exact opposite: A plain cheese pizza. The cheese sticks and pepperoni were both correct. I called the location and the phone operator said "oh, we were wondering where this extra Works Pizza was supposed to go". I didn't feel like driving back again, so they gave me a credit for a free large pizza next time I order from there. The phone operator was very nice and apologetic.Pizza is fine, I just hate seeing Papa John's creepy ass and his weird sexual tension with Peyton Manning. Overall: CTheir slogan is "shelter from the mainstream".  If their content ever matched their slogan I would read it voraciously every week.  Coming from Chicago where they acquired and demolished The Chicago Reader, which was a great example of alternative entertainment editorial that provided a thorough review of weekend activities coming up, I must say I resent what they did to it.  Everything you'll read in the Loafer is in the past tense because they only report about what's already happened the previous week.  The day they get ahead of the game and report on upcoming events so we can actually read about and go to them,as opposed to telling us what their reporting staff managed to attend last week, is they day I become a true fan.I have mixed feelings about Creative Loafing. It sometimes feels a bit snooty, and not in a "Oh, aren't you cool to be reading us?" kind of way...more like "Are you sure you're cool enough to be reading us?" And I agree with Jason L. that the only way to get information about upcoming events is to read the ads, which is what occupies much of the space in the paper anyway. I've often found myself picking it up, flipping through and looking at the pictures, and then tossing it aside. The writers fail to engage me, which is sad...I wanted Creative Loafing to be our version of the Village Voice. It just isn't.Their website is a great resource with listings of things to do, however, so I tend to visit it with some frequency. They also occasionally have some coupons you can buy to get half-off gift certificates for restaurants...I got a few for Creation, where if you spend $25 you can get $50 in food. It's a hard deal to beat.So I've come to accept CL as a kind of necessary evil...I do hope that it will one day be more of a positive force. It's got potential to be a real shelter from the mainstream...I really can't pinpoint if I like Creative Loafing or not. It's a free weekly pick up for me, so that's always a plus. But the content is too hit or miss for me every week. They have their main cover story, which never seems to intrigue me, considering their slant on things. The only thing I usually check out are the advertisements, which is kind of weird, & some of the little things such as "News of the Weird" & horoscopes.The advertisements always clue me in on what's going on in the Queen City in the coming weeks, from bar specials, to bands playing the area. It really is odd that it's one of Creative Loafings best things, but I really do enjoy looking at the ads.So yeah, I'm not too keen on this publication, but I do pick it up every week to check out the little blurbs & advertisements. It's pretty amusing to read, even though I stay away from the cover story & editorials.It seems like the only time I ever read CL is at Luigi's. I've been there lots of times, so I've picked up a few copies here and there. It's not usually hard hitting news, though occasionally the deep story slips in that never seem to get the same level of coverage from the Observer.Great sections on the local music scene and the sex column is usually good for a giggle. As for the Food and Dining Out, well, I've since discovered Yelp and so I'm using the Talk threads a bit more than CL.But hey, it's a neat little paper and good for a distraction if you don't want to use your phone to get news.Was stuck in Charlotte overnight due to a missed flight. The nice girl at the front desk said this place delivered till 1:30. And they also deliver beer. I needed that. We had the honey hot wings which were great , the fried mushrooms where awesome , the beer was cold. The one bad thing , the pizza sucked.All in all great place to end the night after the day I had.Decent little bar, grill and pool hall. Bottled beers are icy cold.  Oysters are always good and cheap too!  Chili is pretty good as well.  Definitely deserves better than 2 stars! Music can be a bit loud at times...First things first, the drum room here is amazing!  There is a separate room for percussion with every type of drum you could imagine, not to mention, they let you play on all of them with sticks that they provide.  I must have stayed in here for two hours making loops on e drums, beating on drum kits, and handling the hand drums.  There is also plenty to love in the rest of the store with amplifiers to test out and guitars galore.  I recommend this place to any music lover young and old alike.This place has been many music stores, and unfortunately, Sam Ash is the latest and not-so-greatest.The building itself is huge, and there is a section dedicated to every type of instrument or noise-making tool: drums, guitars, pianos/keyboards, other stringed instruments, etc.Mars Music occupied the store formerly, and I really enjoyed that store. The selection was great (I mainly stick to the guitar areas) and the service was helpful and attentive without being annoying.Fast-forward to Sam Ash...it just seems more of a Wal-Mart now. Everything is still in the same location, but just seems a bit on the lighter side.The dedicated acoustic guitar room is nice, even though the quality of instruments isn't what it used to be. There are still some nice models in there though, and the counter service in there is probably the best in the store.For me, Sam Ash is a nice place to actually put your hands on an instrument, or similar instrument, but for high-end stuff, I've found their selection to be a bit lacking.Whoa, look at all those drums! The space really opens up as soon as you walk in the drum department. They even have a lamp rotating different colors on their mountain of drum sets...gives off the concert feel, I guess. If you are into drums, you can be set free to play on every set they have as long as it's 5 minutes if others are waiting, which when I went there wasn't anyone around so my husband could play to his heart's content. There are lots of bongos and other instruments too so if your kid is at that age that he or she needs to pick an instrument, take them here to have them try them all out. Seriously, it's better than a hands on museum!!I also checked out the violin section. Decent prices, especially if you are shopping for a used one. Like others mentioned, customer service is lacking. I spent the first 30 minutes hanging out without any acknowledgement, however, when all you want to do is play, you don't need anyone interrupting. Others said their stuff is more expensive than competitors, but they have signs all over the place saying, "The guaranteed lowest price!" Also, they may have concerts or something every once and a while since the middle of the showroom has a giant stage with rows of seats facing it.I always find this petsmart a little dirty for some reason? They are always stocked well, but Petsmart in General is a little high in price knowing their customers are willing to pay more at a dedicated pet store. If you have special needs or need grooming ( well your pet that is) then they should have what you need. Love to go on weekends when they have pets for adoption but hate to leave them behind.What's not to love about furry, feathered or finned creatures? I have cats and dogs (they live with their mom at the moment) so I haven't been able to do nearly as much treat-buying and toy-purchasing as I would like. Instead, I live my life through the squirrels I see foraging in the wooded area behind my apartment. Petsmart is great for the bird seed that squirrels love to "steal". It's hard to steal when I'm tossing the stuff off my deck so these cute little ones can gather it.Whoa. Back to the review. This Petsmart is nearly organized and divided by cats, dogs, etc. Everything is very easy to find, the prices are marked clearly and the staff is helpful.A-OK!For a national chain, this one is pretty good. Certainly NOT the lowest prices in the world, but they do carry a very wide variety of products. I happen to have a Mountain Lion masquerading as a cat, so I have to buy more litter than the average cat owner (big stinker!). And since he's eating me out of house and home, I tend to switch up on his dry cat food which they carry PLENTY of. In fact, sometimes I've overwhelmed with the choices! But I guess that's better than not enough, huh?So this really is my go to store for pet products. OH....my TIP: STAY AWAY FROM THE ADOPTION CENTER!!!!!!!!! Trust me, you'll want to take one (or more) HOME! Soooooooo many kitties needing homes....I wish I could take one but my Mountain Lion wouldn't accept that....he's too old for a new brother or sister. REVISED TIP: GO TO THE ADOPTION CENTER IF YOU HAVE THE HEART TO RESCUE A SWEET LITTLE KITTY!So after they Closed the one in Pineville this has been the only large Petsmart in Charlotte. This one has all the stuff that the one in Pineville used to. They replaced the one in Pineville with a smaller one down the road by the Popeyes in The space where the Petco used to be. This is the only Petsmart left with a good fish department based on the number of fish tanks. good fish departments are not in every Petsmart. I think this one is far better though because as I said The one down the road is smaller. Because of that, they cant Carry as much Stuff.Clean rooms, clean sheets, clean towels. Problems....breakfast was weak...only waffles, muffins and cereal. OJ was watered down one day, the other day it was sour. They should have had fruit and bagels. Water temp fluctuated in shower. Not the worst place we stayed at. Close to train which was convenient.I'm a fan of dive bars so take this review with said grain of salt. Here are my criteria for a solid bar:

Every other item on the conveyor belt was topped with mac nuts.Sigh.So I couldn't fully partake in the conveyor belt fun-ness.  Oh well.Everything else I ordered was great!  The service was super friendly and quick.  And.....They had fresh chopped wasabi!Went here for lunch to try it out instead of our regular sushi place. We sat at the conveyor belt to see what it was all about. I first saw this kind of setup at a place in Folsom, CA. I like the conveyor cuz  you can get routine stuff quickly and also try something new that looks interesting.The place wasn't real busy but the waitress was a bit inattentive in getting our drinks and the Udon I ordered.Good place but not the best in Chandler for sure. It wasn't priced less than our regular sushi place (that we love) so I can only rate it OK. Would gladly go if someone wanted to go here but if asked to recommend a place this would not be first on my list.Meh...it was ok. Service was on as the waiter was always there. We ordered the sashimi platter which was ok. The fish was fresh but the presentation was really drab - fish daikon and lemon slices.  The conveyor belt thing I can see as an attraction to some, but seemed silly to me. The whole vibe inside was a bit off. e were going to stay longer but tabbed out and went to Siracha Lounge down the street instead.The sushi were average, but the staff were extremely helpful and attentive.  Since we had our infant and our 2 year old kid with us, they were attentive to our needs.  Just wish the sushi was better.My friends invited me to eat with them at Sushi Eye in Motion a week or so ago and I am glad that I went.They had some great names for their rolls and the Sashimi Toro was excellent.  The rolls were really good as well.One of the funniest happenings of the evening, besides the plates used as giant eyes or flat boobs was the server who did not hide her emotion well at all.  When we asked for separate checks she was not happy at all.What I DO NOT understand is how a person who works mostly for tips doesn't jump at the chance for separate checks.  More checks equals more and bigger tips - say yes, act nice and get more money.  She wasn't rude at all, it was just humorous to see her distaste at the request.  The location is a little bit of a drive for a central Phoenix person such as myself, but it was worth it.The rolls were pretty bland per my wife (I'm not generally into rolls).  The wild blue fin and toro nigiri sushi were very good.  The shiro mutsu (escolar) was disappointing, which was a first.  Overall, the service was pretty good.  We had a restaurant.com coupon that they honoured on Saturday.  However, they did say that the rules said that they didn't use them on Saturday, which do not appear on the coupon, but do appear on a sign on the door.  Either way, I appreciated them accepting the coupon.We'll be back.  Proximity and decent fish in Arizona is a combination not easily found.Nice atmosphere and a good value. Lacked in variety but everything was fresh and yummy.Get there before 9 so you can enjoy the sushi revolving belt if not be prepared to pay full price for the rolls. Overall good sushi, a tad over priced, with a decent atmosphereThis was the first time going to a sushi place with a conveyer belt type of atmosphere.  You had several types of sushi, nigiri, and sashimis floating around.  One thing I would recommend to the owner if he/she is reading this is that the items should be labelled.  I am still relatively new to sushi, so I am not going to be able to recognize everything.  If the items from the conveyer belt did not fit a person, they also have the regular menu where you can order rolls, appetizers, noodles, etc.  We got combination of conveyer belt items and freshly ordered items.  The conveyer belt items I got were white tuna sashimi, tuna nigiri, and edemame.  They were all okay and nothing too spectacular.  We ordered lobster roll and fried California rolls from the menu.  Those were a little better, but I didn't taste too much lobster flavor.The service was so-so, but it was basically a couple servers handling the show.  I would come back here and give it another shot, but I am not sure if I would bring a date here.I like the novelty of conveyor belt sushi.  It appeals to my primal instinct, like I'm actually fishing for my own dinner off the moving belt.  (Can you tell I'm a city boy?)At Sushi Eye, the conveyor belt is better in concept than in practice.  At 8pm, the cold dishes looked warm, the warm dishes looked cold, and every small serving of food on the belt was priced at $4.50.  We stuck to the menu.They have a wide variety of sushi rolls at a wide variety of prices.  The specialty rolls go from $6-14.  My wife loved the imaginitive Atkins roll, although it may be a stretch to call this a sushi roll without rice or seaweed.  Crisp cuccumber strips wrapped tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and avocado.  Each roll slice was held together with a toothpick, making it a great appetizer option.  We also enjoyed the crazy horse roll, which is pretty much the same thing as the Atkins roll, only with a the traditional rice/seaweed wrapping.We also had a yellowtail & scallion roll, which tasted fresh and delicous, and a vegan roll that was totally overwhelmed by the brown sauce dizzled over it (and we weren't crazy about the shitake mushroom filling either.)  In the past, I've tried the eel rolls there, and they come with the added texture of crushed macadamia nuts.  This unique addition of nuts sounded better than it tasted.  I would have preferred the eel alone.All in all, it was decent sushi at a decent price, which translates to a decent 3-star review.Went to this place on a recommendation from a coworker.  Food was good, but not really matching the price.  Most of the sushi that was decent was on the more expensive plate, only had 1 or 2 choices for the lower price and didn't have that many on it.  Service was ok, but notice a few errors on bills.  Price didn't match what they showed on chart/menu...but whatevers...won't be back anyways.  For that price would rather go to a better place and could get the same food at better pricing (Teharu).The place looks bland but they have decent food. I would go back if I was staying at the StratisphereVery decent Mexican food. I was pleasantly surprised to find this in the Stratosphere.This place wasn't bad.  I actually ate here twice during a one week stay at the Stratosphere.  My biggest gripe was that the signs located around the retail shops at the tower advertised the Chile Relleno.  Both times though, they did not have the Chile's.  Also, the salsa bar only offered 4 types of salsa.  I'd loved to have seen a real variety here.  The food was edible though, and it's nice to be able to stay at the Stratosphere and  not have to be stuck eating the same things over and over again.Just moved to this area and went in to check it out.  Its funny there are 2 Italian restaurant's on the same side of the street and both claim to be the best.  I have to say both are just as good as each other.  First off JRS Place doesn't sound to much like an Italian bar/restaurant, and the interior doesn't seem olive garden ish. It looks like a normal Vegas bar with a separate seating area.  I sat at the bar and looked at the menu.  It was a bit pricey but the bartender told me it was all worth it.  So i had their meatballs and OMG they were out of this world.  I had a beer as well and the staff seemed to be very nice and helpful.  next week i will go in and have a proper dinner there and update this review. But as of now i would recommend it.In town for vacation and wanted to visit with the family. I know it's not much, but if your kids love history this is a very good place to visit. Will I every come back? Most likely not! But if you have never been there and is nearby, you should check it out.My son and I have only been here once and what CGRNM had to offer indoors was great and they had some displays that children can handle. It was also very reasonably priced! The ruins themselves...well, they weren't that special. When my son and I went we were not able to go inside the ruins. I'm sure since the last review was in 2009 there have been structural changes to the ruins. It mostly looks like partially melted mud huts and since you can't go inside you'll be done with that part of the tour in about fifteen minutes. I also don't recommend going in the heat of the day during summertime there is no shade anywhere out doors and it's brutal.I found this place when preparing for a long road trip.  I had just Google'd "Road side attractions" and this came up.  It's not a "roadside attraction" because it's actually a National Monument.  I think if you're in the area, stop on by.  Preferably if you have an Annual "America The Beautiful" national parks pass.  It's $5 per person.  Dog friendly, but not inside the museum (so you have to pick up your dog to go through the museum before heading out to the ruins).It's definitely a wonderful site to see.  Cool b/c you can actually walk RIGHT UP to the ruins.I had to take my son to a National Monument for a scout merit badge requirement and we chose to visit the Casa Grande Ruins. I was really excited for the experience. the $5 fee is reasonable and the museum part of the tour is small but really interesting and informative. I learned a lot. I would warn against selling the idea as exciting to kids though. If you are really interested in this kind of history etc. you will enjoy this stop. My younger son enjoyed it, but was pretty much ready to leave in about 20 minutes.If one has a very strong interest in archeological building fundamentals and possibly primitive housing design, this might be for you. Myself, my interests are in visuals, historical in nature or visually interesting....and there are many located around AZ that fill this bill, but this CG ruin site was not for me.We made a day trip out here from Phoenix so that Kid could earn her Junior Ranger badge.  This is definitely not one of the more exciting National Monuments, but the Visitor Center is really lovely and educational, and the rangers and volunteers are incredibly kind and knowledgeable.  They do a great job of making sure that you learn something while you are at the site, including hourly tours conducted by passionate volunteers that take place under a shaded shelter.  Still, in the end, you're basically just going there to see what pretty much resembles a well-protected block of mud walls.  Even the landscape around the ruins is pretty dull--especially for Arizona.I think I would really enjoy visiting Casa Grande during a festival or event of some kind, but as a stop on a road trip, I can only really recommend it for those with an intense interest in archaeology.JUNIOR RANGERS: The workbook here is really well designed, and offers good activities for all ages.  You will need to explore all areas of the site to complete the requirement, but the site is small.  The badge is a custom wooden badge with a Native American design.  A patch is available for sale.Drove from Phoenix to visit & we enjoyed it very much.  It's very small, nice museum & gift shop, the ruins were fascinating!  I'd give it a higher rating, however, it's very quick to go through and there's really nothing else around so while the ruins and park were amazing in itself, we were right back on the road again to head home.  It would be a better stop to break up a longer trip, altho it is well off the interstate.  Seems like they need something else nearby or a more direct interstate exit to access it.  In spite of that, we enjoyed it very much.I have been here 3 times before writing this review.  I love the restaurant next door, but sometimes you just want a good cheeseburger, you know?Well, I have to admit, the first time I was here, it was great.  The second time, it was TERRIBLE.  The third time was pretty ok, maybe it could have been the company that helped.The food is always great, its the service I find lacking.  It took almost 1 hour for me to get my meal.  1 hour?  I didnt even order fries!*sigh*The salad topping choices are awesome.  I have yet to have a milkshake.Inconsistent service is a pet peeve.Although I''m reluctant to go to a theme restaurant inspired by an SNL sketch I found cheeburger cheeburger to be better than a theme restaurant with mediocre food, I was here once before when Tempe marketplace first opened and was overwhelmed by the topping choices Think last time I had a burger with feta, mushrooms, and olives trying to imagine a Mediterranean    burger, really what ended up happening was flavor overload that I couldn't really taste the burger so I decided to give them another try, this time around I got 1/2 lbs burger (sorry a pound is just too much food) with cheddar jack, bacon and sauteed mushrooms, we ordered a half order of the "best of both worlds" which is a basket of fries and onion rings with a side of cheese , the fries are good very crispy well seasoned and appear to be fresh cut  or at least a very convincing fake, the onions rings are very crispy with a light batter that almost takes on a yellow tone, my burger was well prepared they use sliced whole mushrooms instead of pre sliced, the bacon was crispy and the cheese was nice and gooey, so all in all it was a pretty decent burger, I must say my burger was a bit greasy I cut my burger in half to eat it and by the time I moved on to the second half  my lower bun had become one and fused with my burger pattyOverall my experience was good, and I would go back but I don't see it being a frequent choice and not just due to distance, the main attraction seems to be the wide variety of burger toppings and the build-your-own inspired menu, despite the food being consistent and good it's nothing I haven't tasted before, though if I ever get the urge for a pepperoni, peanut butter, coleslaw, Sri racha burger, I can sleep easier at night knowing I've now got that issue handledI've been here one time. I plan to go back and take on the 1 1b challenge. I was happy with my burger and side items. Was this best burger/fries I've ever had no, but was pretty good.The variety of shake combinations is great Nice location, service was good, not great.Before going to see a movie last night hubby and I set our sites on a restaurant at Tempe Market place.  He really wanted to try the place and I thought why not.  The place wasn't busy but it did seem to take an incredible amount of time to be seated in a dead restaurant, with signs ALL OVER Place telling us to wait to be seated.  Now that we've been seated it's time to look over the huge menu, which is basically your normal burger fare with lots of options.  I ordered a portabello mushroom burger with mozzarella cheese,  sun dried tomatoes, and mayo.  It was Yummy!  We had the Frings basket that was really good with one of their specialty  condiments and I had a cherry soda, made the old fashion way of soda water and cherry flavoring.  It was not worth $2.79.    If you are looking for a lot of choices for your burger this is the place to go.  They have options that even I didn't think of.   Otherwise, there are a lot of better choices at Tempe Market Place.I have come to the conclusion that it is impossible to get good service ANYWHERE in Tempe. Here was no different. Me and my buddy sat outside because it was glorious out. It wouldn't have made much of a difference if I sat across the street. Our "waitress" (if thats what you want to call her) was a disaster. The food, however, was actually pretty tasty. I got one of the meal deal thingies that came with a burger, a salad, and fries or onion rings for $10.99 which was a good deal. The burger was really good and the onion rings were super crispy and delicious. I wasn't a fan of the salad but that's because I don't like olives. They also have a plethora of milkshakes to choose from and I was stoked to see that they had a mango one. I was a bit disappointed in the milkshake but like I said the food was pretty good so I'd probably eat there again.Each time I eat here...I always look at the menu and end up having the same thing - the ceasar salad with salmon. Nothing else really interests me on the menu. The service is good - no complaints there. But its nothing special. But I will tel you this - there is nothing like a cold beer on a hot day!Very average burger joint.  A little expensive for what you get.  Didn't know any other places in Tempe.summerbrau is light, lots of citrus, low alcohol% and 40%-off menu specials before 4pm--hummus and goat cheese salad with chicken; it's worth the trip.

Maybe chef had a bad bay .The reason this review is not five stars is because our great experience was tainted by the negligence and poor service given by the sommelier. After ordering our bottle with him we were offered a taste of champagne, but after out first course came and went he hadnt returned with our bottle so we complain to the server. She comes by with a glass of champagne as a peace offering while she tracks the somm down. Our main course is half eaten and he walks over with the bottle half open and apologizes for forgetting us. He didn't ask us if we still wanted it, especially considering that dinner was 15 mins from being done, he just opened it.We get the bill and the bottle's not on it so we thought that was a nice gesture for makes us having to wait all dinner. He comes back and says he forgot to put the bottle on the bill and rang our cards with the corrected bill... I'm like wtf is wrong w you. He drops the check with someone else's card and bill. We have to send it back. I know it's just two ladies so our bill was only $200 but still... Wtf is wrong with you. Nice service should come no matter how high roller your table is. He was terrible. The hotels getting an email about it too.Bone marrow agnolotti was amazing. The other four pastas I tried were below average. Spaghetti was boring, I dislike foie gras. The caramel dessert was awesome. Tiramisu was great. The other two desserts were average. Service was good. Kinda priceyHad high hopes. I ate at the bar and service was competent, but cold. I ordered a glass of Pinot noir that was delicious. I also ordered the yellowtail which was bland and overpriced, though the fish was really fresh. For my entree I had the veal ragu with fettuccine. It was ok, but something I could have made better at home. Plus, it was overpriced for what it was. The best part of the meal was the bread basket that contained a Stromboli with a side of marscapone, caponata and olive oil.Overall, it's fine, but there are better Italian places in Vegas.Sommelier was too harsh with the wine pouring.We were still working on our appetizers when they tried to rush us to move to the pasta dishes. Big no-no!!Dishes were good but not worth the Vegas price.The restaurant itself was very nice, we got a table right by the window where it had a great view. The menu was very simple. we ordered the braised short rib as an appetizer, the meat was very tender and had lost of flavor. we ordered the duck ravioli and it wasnt as good as people on yelp said it to be. the sauce was a very sweet but bitter sauce and overall wasnt that good. We also had the roasted chicken which was good, but had that same sauce that made it taste funny. We ordered the spaghetti just to try it, and it was very plain, no meatballs, and the noodles were a little harder than what they shouldve been. for dessert, we had the coconut panna cotta that had caramelized pineapples and a guava soup with ice cream which was so good!So had an excellent experience here over a year ago, so came back with my brother and his wife expecting the same thing.Service: excellent, they were on it and very helpfulView: excellentFood: so complete mixed bag... *got the lobster appetizer... it was adequate, but really not terribly good and REALLY not worth the price*bread basket was great*aged steak... complete waste of money.  It wasn't ruined, but ive gotten similar or better steaks at mom and pop shops for 1/5 the price... not terribly good and really overpriced... cooked fine*spaghetti and basil - still a rock star dish, even though its pretty plainI am less than impressed than anything beyond the most basic dish is pretty mediocre, probably wouldnt recommend unless I only suggested the spaghetti and basilThe service was awful: although with courteous and knowledgeable staff, we were rushed through the main course. Portion size is decent, but for American standards it might seem too little. Other than that its a great spot.Before I went there I had read a few yelp reviews and I have to say that I expected something more. Not that it's a bad place, just nothing to write home about.The interior is very classy and elegant - dark wood, candles and comfortable white couches. The light is soft and dimmed, so it's a perfect spot for romantic, candlelit dinners. As in the majority of such sophisticated Italian restaurants the menu is very short and well-considered. There is no banality there, the flavors are mixed in surprising, interesting ways - you can see that the chef wanted to do something different. They also have a lot of vegetarian and gluten free dishes, which is not so common. The waiter was very professional and knew exactly when the food should be served or taken from the table. He also recommended great drinks and desserts.The bread they serve as a apetizer is fresh, soft and savoury - delicious. For a main course I decided to try short rib agnolotti with brown butter, horseradish & toasted breadcrumbs. It tasted good, but was a bit on a small side and left me still hungry. My friends' portions were a bit bigger and they were satisfied with the flavors. The really good part were the desserts, we ordered mascarpone cheescake and banana souffle. They were perfect, not as heavy or as sweet as I though. The Berry Smash was also great! I had a few and I have to say there is waaaaaay more alcohol there than in Poland, where I live. It's easy to get tipsy.So why only an "ok" grade? The prices are pretty high and the food is just ok. The concept itself may be interesting but the result is no so great as to overpay. There is probably a lot of Italian restaurants which are just as good or maybe even better.Not your typical Italian. I'd call it fancy Italian versus traditional/family Italian. It was good. I had the noodles that are made from squid. Good but next time I will probably go in a different direction. It was good to try something new.Just okay. Perhaps I should have ordered that spaghetti that everyone raves about. I ordered the short rib agnolotti instead. It was just okay. The foie gras ravioli was just okay too.Our table, however, was amazing. It overlooked the window with a view of the Bellagio fountains. We got to see the water show several times during our meal. Overall three stars.The faro risotto was outstanding however the white truffle pasta was... Ok, I don't eat truffle very often but cook with it somewhat regularly and the flavor was underwhelming. Great service! The more a drank the water the fuller the glass was! And that never happensMy fiancé and I dined here tonight to celebrate his birthday. First, the food was delicious, however the service was not. When we walked in there was no hostess at the podium , so the very nice and attentive bartender went to the podium to greet us and acknowledged my fiancé's birthday. Then the hostess finally came back and showed us to the table. The ambiance was very nice, we had a nice table next to the window overlooking the Bellagio fountains. When our server finally came, he seemed very rushed and was VERY short with us. The appetizers were not listed on the menu, so we asked him what appetizers we had to choose from and he seemed irritated that he had to explain. After choosing our appetizers we also ordered our entrees before he could walk away. My fiancé had the beet salad to start with and I had the spring salad with "blood orange" dressing, both were tasty. Then we both had the short rib agnotoli which was delicious, however if you plan on getting stuffed this is not the place to do so since the portions are small. Once we finished our entrees after quite some time, the waiter finally came back and we ordered some dessert. We waited about 10-15 minutes for our dessert! I've never waited that long for dessert in my entire life! When it was time to pay, we gave the waiter our card. After he ran the card and had our bill in hand, he walked right past us without giving us our card back! After about 5-10 minutes he finally came back! Smh! We've had better service at the Cheesecake Factory! Although the food was delicious, we just don't see ourselves returning to the restaurant in the future due to the bad service.Had a later reservation, 9pm, expected a larger crowd but the restaurant wasn't that busy. We were seated in the larger dining room with an excellent view of the Bellagio fountains show - did not realize the fountains could shoot that high into the air?!?! Wow!Ambiance was nice, relaxed, easy. Selection  on the menu was great, something for just about everyone. Wait staff gave us 5 star service. Value was a 3 because although the meal was decent, we had read so many excellent reviews and this restaurant came highly recommended by peers from work, yet the food didn't blow us away. We ate recently in Napa at Bottega and paid the same amount ~ $125 for the meal and neither of us could stop talking about that meal. At Scarpetta, the $125 was expensive for the food. We shared the Burrata salad, which was delicious. - I recommend it. I had the turkey dinner special (a Thanksgiving special item) it was good, but the taste was average. She had the lamb and we thought the turkey was better. No dessert. Wine selection was excellent. I'd recommend the restaurant but wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.Food: Three stars

- Perfect: Beef, gruyere, bacon, herbed mayo, oven-roasted tomato, and a red-onion marmalade

Star (potentially) for portion of food/price of lunchService was great.  Food not so great.  Only OK flavors of chicken and veggies. Soup was OK..husband liked it more then me.This was my first time here and I can see why this place is rated 3 stars.... now granted, I only tried one dish here and it was the Pad See-Eu.   I didn't care for the sweet brown sauce that they used.  And their noodles wasn't what I was expecting.  I don't think that I will be a frequent visitor here.  I do know that my co-workers loved the Pad Thai. On the bright side, this restaurant was able to accommodate a large party without a reservation.I went to Thai First with a coworker for lunch. We walked in and were seated immediately. It wasn't much of a crowd for it to be noon. We were also able to give our drink and meal orders pretty quickly. My coworker ordered the Thai Lover. Their Masaman Curry sauce is her favorite. I ordered the Three Flavor Shrimp and an appetizer of the Shrimp Rolls. As I ordered the Three Flavor Shrimp she explained that it would take a bit longer to cook and asked if that was ok. I asked her how long it would take and she then replied "not long". Imagine my confusion. But we had time so I ordered it anyway. Plus we had the appetizer while we waited. The Shrimp Rolls came out fast and looked delicious. I bit into it and it was piping hot. Their serve them with my fave, Thai Chilli Sauce to dip. I must've missed the ground chicken though. Was more like deep fried shrimp, but still good. Though I doubt i'd order it again. Our food came out and it looked amazing. So amazing that I forgot to get my yelp pictures for it lol. I dived right in. They were both served with a side of rice. We shared our meals and they were both absolutely delicious. All of the flavors came through and just danced on my palate. But, were they worth the $20+ prices? Nah. Their prices are a bit steep. I mean I only got like 6 shrimp and a bunch of vegetables. How is that worth $25?We finished up our food and asked for our checks so we could head out. This was a 30 minute process even when telling her we were rushed to get back to work. We asked for the check, took her 10 minutes to come back with them. When we gave her our cards, took another 10 minutes, then she came back and we asked for boxes, yet another 10 minutes. She also rarely came to our table to check on us while we ate. Was weird as there weren't many people dining. So we finally head out and get halfway through the parking lot and the waitress comes running out saying they charged me for the wrong check. O-M-G!!! Now i'm super mad because i'll be even more late! So I go inside and she shows me the correct price, so I ask them to charge the difference instead of voiding and re-charging. She takes my card, and comes back with a voided check and a new charge. Then I ask for a receipt for the new charge and voided charge, they write "void" on the old receipt and give me the receipt of the correct charges that doesn't show my credit card charge. I've never gone through something so ridiculous in my life. And guess what, this took another 20 minutes to do!While the food is good, I doubt i'd return to Thai First on my own....I keep waiting and waiting, but, so far, the New Wave of Pizza that's been sweeping much of the rest of the continent for the last decade, has caused little more than a ripple along the banks of the mighty St. Lawrence. Magpie gets an "A" for ambition--it's a nice looking pizza joint, they've outfitted it with with an impressive-looking wood-burning oven, and they've put together a decent menu--but the pizzas have yet to come into their own. The combinations of toppings are fine--some are even inventive--but it's the crust that's lacking. Too much cornicione (in terms of area, not in terms of volume), too droopy in the center, light charring, not nearly enough character. Give 'em another chance? I've given them three since they opened last fall. At this point, I'm waiting until I hear of a marked improvement. Otherwise, I'm saving my shekels for my next trip to New York.I have eaten pizza here twice. It's good restaurant with fun decor. The food last night was decent, but I do think I could have made it at home with Jamie Oliver's Italian cook book. It's not too expensive, however, so long as you moderate your alcohol, which justifies going there. It can also be fun, with the nod to the retro decor and interesting hipster patrons an staff. Our hostess was great and the waitress not so good (didn't ask how things were until the meal was almost done, didn't ask me if I wanted another drink, etc.). The rustic style pizzas do remind me more of true Italian pizza than one would normally expect of a North American pizza joint. The name Magpie, after the bird, is a very commonwealth reference, which may seem odd at first. It is, however, one of a number of restaurants with British references that have opened in the past year or so in Montreal: e.g. Sparrow, Lawrence, Brit & Chips, the Burgundy Lion, etc. All in all, I will go back, but with moderate expectations.What a beautiful restaurant, that's what I thought everytime I walked past this place. I finally went there a couple of weeks ago and wasn't disappointed with the atmosphere of the place. Food wise, I had the pepperoni pizza, which had an unbelievably generous amount of pepperoni and cheese. It was really quite a delicious treat. However, perhaps because of the enormous amount of pepperoni and cheese, that evening I felt really thirsty and had to drink gallons of water. But that's just me. The only thing that didn't sit right with me was that the otherwise lovely crust was a little too burnt to my liking. At the end of the meal, I ended up with black burnt stuff swimming in grease on my plate, which was not a pleasant sight.We were welcomed to our table by polite, friendly staff, before being promptly supplied with chilled table water (which was topped up throughout the meal). Three of the party went for the special, a mediterranean pizza (with lots of olives) and enjoyed it, whilst I went for the "safer" pepperoni option, something I instantly regretted - a typical pizza base topped with mountains of what I can only describe as spam... very sloppy, very fatty, and not very tasty. My advice, steer clear of the pepperoni pizza.

2) ... And I'm glad it was that big too, cause for the 40 some odd dollars that it cost I was thinking, "this steak better wax my car and give me tax advice for 40 some odd dollars!"

b) Decent selection of seafood, even thought they did not have tobiko/ikuraThe improvement areas:

- no peanut noodles.  the BF had chow mein, which he said he enjoyed, but was sad there was no option for him to have hand-stretched.

1. Sign waiver

- The pressure sensitive fridge has no room for storing your own food. We were there for a week and would have liked to be able to bring leftovers back or store some snacks.(This is now The Waldorf Caledonian . . . or "The Caledonian: A Waldorf-Astoria Hotel," depending on where you look.)  An old and musty though nice and elegant hotel.  The hotel is showing its age, but renovations are underway.  (Which, unfortunately, is why I can't speak to the fitness center or pool.  Timing is everything...)  There's plenty of weathered, well-carved, polished or painted wood around you in the rooms and large hallways (the latter often with loudly creaking floorboards).  The rooms themselves are good-sized and have modern bathrooms.  Even the more 'public' bathrooms in the hallways near the conference rooms are kept very clean.  What I mentally termed the "Great Room" on the main floor looks like a former outdoor courtyard that has been enclosed and covered with a large skylight -- it's beautiful and very comfortable for resting in the evening.The staff is wonderfully friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient; especially the lobby staff at the front desk and the concierge.  Also, the hotel's outstanding location is within easy walk of many sights, food and drink options, and transportation.Best it seems to get in here early if you want a seat. We arrived around 9pm so only stayed for one pint as it was standing room only by that time. Reasonable atmosphere though, good range of ales and the bag of books I managed to leave behind was safe under the bar until I went to retrieve it the following night (when it looked to again be impossible to get a seat and that was at 8 on a Sunday) so probably somewhere I'd frequent again.What's not to like about a £5 lunch?  The Hub has a great location on the Royal Mile, an attractive dining room, pleasant servers, and has a set deal of £5 for soup and sandwich.Plus by the time we got there after touring the Castle and strolling down Castle hill, we did not want to go one step further.Was a former church...

I came here on NYE and waited for 30 minutes for a slice of white pizza for $5. The pizza was good. I prefer my pizza with thick crust, but the flavors were there. I think that $5 for a slice is a little high and the wait was too long, but it's Vegas on NYE so I understand.We had ended our night at XS and wanted to try Secret Pizza, so we made the drive and weren't amazed. The line is long but it moves rather quickly.The others got pepperoni and sausage & pepperoncini, both just ok. I got the white pizza, flavors were delicious. Sadly, they don't reheat the slices, so ours were cold and our cheese hardened.Perfect for a night after Marquee, but wasn't worth the drive for us.$5 a slice!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-pizza-las-vegas?select=X6KFkFPwPA8My53L3XTX4g#X6KFkFPwPA8My53L3XTX4gSure them be some damn good slices of NY style pie, but damn Gina, even in Vegas $5 felt a bit steep for cheese and bread. Just know that if you go on any busy night, it will be a long wait in a long hallway. Bring some drinks or something to kill the time. If the line is out of the hall, expect to wait almost an hour for above average $5 a slice pizza.$30 for a whole white pizza. It's not cheap but what would you expect on lv strip unless you are getting fastfood? I had the white pizza to go and it was pretty good but not the best I have had. Next time, I'll just get a few slices of different flavors.The place is a bit tricky to find. It is located 3rd floor cosmo right off the escalator and right nexg to the steak place. You will have to literally just go in the hallway that looks like it is leading you to a game room.I've been to Secret Pizza twice now (most recently this past weekend) and I give it an average rating only because of the quality of the pizza. Granted, it is a great place eat at 2 am when you're wasted and hanging out at the Cosmo. I felt like the price paid ($5/slice) for the portion size given was unacceptable.  I know it's Vegas, but you can get a slice twice the size for $3-4 in New York City a.k.a. The mecca of pizza. They also didn't have much variety this time.  I had a sliced sausage and pepperoni pizza which skimped on the sauce and the crust was too chewy.    We waited about 30 minutes in the line which we didn't mind so much, but it's kind of a letdown when you're overcharged and don't feel completely satisfied at the end. It's still decent drunk food, but I would never consider going there in any other circumstance. Being from Texas, I didn't really understand the whole "No Ranch" thing.  It's just ranch dressing.  Its not that expensive, you could probably charge a small amount for it and still profit and make tons more customers happy (This is for all of us in TX and the Midwest who require ranch dressing).Next time you're in Vegas and it's late and you're drunk and hungry, consider Secret Pizza for a fix, but realize there are other options that are just as, if not more appealing (Hash House a go go, Earl of Sandwich, etc).My friends led me here and I didn't even know this place existed next to Marquee. I came here pretty sober so I didn't actually find the pizza place to be all that tasty although I could imagine how amazing it would taste as drunk food. It was $5 pizza per slice and only $25 for a pie so we tried to order one. They told us it would take 20 minutes and we were strapped for time so we ended up just ordering 4 slices of pizza. Next time, I'll be sure to place an advance order for the pie.Secret Pizza lives up to its name. It has no sign and I have no idea how I found myself to this restaurant.Each slice is about $5 and the slices are decently large. I thought this was pretty expensive. The pizza is just normal pizza to me as nothing was really special about its construction or toppings. I thought that the slices were very flimsy and it would have been better to eat it with a knife and fork.There are not many seats for this place so prepare to stand and eat (there is nowhere outside either).First off, thank you to everyone on Yelp giving directions to this "secret" spot - my brother made it sound very mysterious, so when visiting Cosmopolitan while walking the Strip, I told everyone we had to check it out. We lucked out going around 3pm with barely a wait (I'm sure late night it is crackin'). It's a cool concept, I'll give them that. The fact that there is no signage and the corridor is only marked with records makes you think you are going down a hallway to a restroom or back alley. But the blaring music and everyone outside standing around eating pizza slices makes it a dead giveaway. For its prices, it's decent pizza. They have a handful of slices to choose from, so I went with my typical white pizza - how I wish they put spinach or another type of green on top! My friend's husband got one with meatball topping and my boyfriend got traditional pepperoni. Our slices were warmed up quickly (my boyfriend lucked out with a fresh slice) and we grabbed our drinks and sat outside the pizza place near the pool table. Crunchy thin crust covered with decent toppings and lots of cheesy goodness - it's hard to go wrong. But I've had great pizza slices all over New York and San Diego, so I can't say its the best pizza I've ever had. I would love to give it more stars, but with all the pizza places that serve slices late night around Vegas (the one in Aria is just as delicious), Secret Pizza has some competition.We were in town and decided to have a little food adventure to find this place. We were a little disappointed because it wasn't as "hidden" as we thought it would be but that just may be because we hyped it up to ourselves so much. As far as the pizza, it was fine. A little too greasy for my taste but the pepperoni was tasty. So was it the best pizza I've ever eaten? Definitely not. Would it be very satisfying at 2am after some drinks? Absolutely.I wasn't impressed.During the start of a girls weekend in Vegas, we set our sights on Secret Pizza early on.  Once we "found it" (super easy to find), we walked down the album covered hallway to discover minimal seating and zero ambiance.  The pizza is about as good as an average NY pizzeria (which is to say, it's better than most places =P), so if you're looking for a slice of home, that is what you'll get.  Nothing too special, definitely solid, but this stop was definitely made for post Marquee fuel.  If you want better pizza spot with more ambiance, head over to the Aria and hit up Five50.Been here couple times since my parents always stay at the Cosmo hotel! Good decent place for a quick bite. There is only a couple seating in there. It is located on the 2nd floor in a little hallway with a bunch of records on the wall. Very easy to miss!!!! I've had the pepperoni and the white pizza! Both are ok , kind of oily .Far from being a secret as far as a pizza joint. One of hosts walking around even told me it's easy to find, it's right around the corner when I asked for some direction. And when I got there, the line was as long as a concession stand at a Lakers game during halftime! Guess the whole building knew about this secret joint! The pizza was decent... I've had better. Main reason two stars fall is because I woke up the next morning with more gas than a Chevron station!Ok.. the pizza here is good... but I don't understand the hype! My friends always want Secret Pizza whenever we go to Vegas.. but WHY... To me.. Secret Pizza is just pizza... nothing special.. but if I had to recommend something, the white pizza is the best out of all the other ones I've tried here. Conveniently located in Cosmo for those of you who like Marquee Day/Night club.. I guess it's something you should at least try once. But don't have too high expectations!Inside The Cosmopolitan at a 'secret' location, there are no visible signs pointing you to Secret Pizza. However, just look for a line of people that'll lead you up to a counter filled with meaty pizza pies to take away.They bake pizzas with various toppings - sausage, pepperoni, mushroom, bell peppers, etc. or just plain cheese. You can take slices or request a whole pie with your choice of toppings. You can also add toppings to an existing pre-made pizza, and they'll pop the slice back into the oven for a couple of minutes. My friends and I opted for the mushroom and pepperoni pizza, with sausage added on and warmed up in the oven. The pizza was tasty, but i think it would have tasted much better had the sausage been an original topping and cooked from the beginning. it didn't have any smokey flavor that I had hoped for.I mean, this is a decent place to grab a 'quick' bite, if you'll call it that. We waited around 15 minutes to order and then another 5 minutes to get the warmed-up slices. I've honestly had better. Or perhaps my expectations were just too high.Expect more out of this place. It is pretty secret. No signage or anything. Just a narrow hallway filled with photos. A whole pizza is $27 with one topping. Something like that. There's like four stools inside to eat at so most people were in the lounging area eating like my friends and I were. We got two whole pizzas which took 40mins. D: Hungry hippos. The counter lady seemed totally pissed off and pretty much ignored us when we asked about our pizza. It was only 8:30, no drunkies to ruin her night yet. :x Pizza was just ok to me. Not a lot of flavor in the mushroom and cheese.It's A-OK.  Not worth all the hype.Great idea...not really secret but what else is open until 5am? Earl of sandwich is too far away if you are staying at the cosmo. The line is long at 3am but by 5am you don't wait too long for your pizza. It's very expensive $4-6 a slice?...but at that point...I don't think it matters.I'm from New York, so I'm pretty judgmental about my pizza. This place does alright - if the pizza is fresh. If the pizza has been sitting out for a while the crust dries out super fast (not enough oil in the dough likely) and becomes way to hard. Basically the pizza is a 4 star slice when fresh or a two star slice when stale. Serviceable no doubt, but nothing special.36.00 for a whole pizza.. the wait was about 30 mins.. did a phone order so i dont have to wait in line.. it's good but i wouldnt say i would wait for this.. the only reason i did it was because my friends wanted to eat this..I was surprised that so many good reviews for this pizza. So I went to find it, it's really hard to find it by yourself since it isn't on the list near the escalator. Better to ask the persons working there. The place is small and simple, very different from the environment. I cared about the environment of the restaurant a lot! This place is not a good place, I have to say.But the taste is good, I think. If u want to have a meal fast, it would be ur option.I had high expectations when I came here. I think this place is popular because it has no name and just known as secret pizza. The pizza is ok. Hardly any seating. It kind felt like I was getting pizza at the mall. The staff was friendly and it wasn't too expensive.The cheese pizza  was great.  Because of its popularity, there's probably a high turnover, so they probably keep bringing in those hot cheese pies.  As for the other pies sitting just there, they don't have that hot out of the oven taste.  The pepper and pepperoncini pizza was not good at all.  Not as hot as the cheese, and the taste of the pepperoncini  kills that pizza taste.  So for the taste itself, one great slice of the cheese, and one horrible slice of the combo, and factoring the high price ($4.75 for the cheese and $6+ for the combo, it was a little disappointing.  Stick with the cheese slice, and you'll be happy.  It's pretty good, but I don't have that urge to go back.  Curiosity satisfied....how much better can a cheese pizza get?  NextAn hour wait for a whole pie? Sorry, not worth it at 3:24 a.m. *I'll up my review to 4 stars if someone gives me a free slice RIGHT NOW. Also, drunk chicks are THE WORST.Personally the hype is not real... Perhaps it was extremely over-hyped up, maybe it was because I 100% sober haha. Idk it wasn't worth $28.50 for a pepperoni pizza. I live in Vegas and if you live here or visit I still think Verrazano Pizza and Rocco's Pizza are the best and waaay cheaper.We got the traditional pepperoni pizza and maybe that was my mistake because I hate salami pepperoni. If I happen to ever go back, I will try one slice of the raved white pizza.The price at Secret Pizza is RIDICULOUS... but what do you expect??? Vegas + Drunk people = Strip pricesThe New York in me loves Secret Pizza. It really does. It's probably the closest I'll get to having a NY slice (that doesn't mean that their pizza is spot on though!)Why 3 stars then? Well, I went on a Tuesday at around 1:45 in the morning and stood in line for 30minutes. Not too shabby. I wouldn't say that they were extremely busy and they seemed to be well staffed too. Thing is, it was DIRTY. The parmesan, oregano, chili flakes and garlic powder was scattered all over their counter tops as if they were having a party. I don't mind dirty when you're slammed and short staffed but there was absolutely no excuse for dirtiness that night. Especially since there was an employee stuck to her phone in the corner. She didn't even TRY to crouch down so that no one could see her. Not to mention the fact that the guys there didn't seem too enthusiastic about being there. I know that I wouldn't want to be at work at that time in the morning but, come on. At least be a little pleasant? Anyway, if I didn't have to consider their employees they would've been a solid 4 and a half stars.Don't let my review scare you though. Pizza dough was crisp and the small burns that it had was still enjoyable. There was a good amount of cheese and, was perfectly melted. Pepperoni had that juicy yet still crispy feel. Their Blanca slice was OK. Nothing too special but you definitely see and taste the ricotta. I would definitely go back since the pizza's great. I just hope they step up their customer service.Get there early, it lines up quick!This is definitely no secret anymore.  You have to be looking for it, but more people know about it these days than not.  The pizza slices are pretty fresh and a good size, however they are not out of the ordinary.  I can get this same style pizza, similar flavors, same price and quality in San Diego at over a dozen places.I would go again, as long as the line is not too long.  Its a good spot to check out for sure, however I don't know that it really lives up to the hype.  Its typical.While the novelty of getting a Sicilian or thin crust slice at 4:00am is great, this place is a bit pricy. The NY style (thin crust) was my favorite of the two. Food is GOOD!

- portions were a good size

Well, back to my sour grapes. I loved my Roadrunners hockey, and after the team left, the complex never took down all the Runners' signage...I was left with consistent reminders of my now defunct team for a good 4+ YEARS AFTER they left. Who is so lazy, as to not take down signage like that? Also, the acoustics in the place are not even 1/10th that of Jobing . com Arena....their music system and acoustical layout FAR exceeds that of US Airways...yet they get all the big acts because the scheduler definitely knows who they need to know....Also, the food stands suck. Really lame food. Once again, 1/10th as good as Jobing's wide variety.~The Down Low~

I had to stop for a few nights

-The boobies! Well, the dancers, really. They were supremely talented and in-sync throughout the show. I noticed some of them holding their breasts during the show but without sounding tacky I think it was meant to help keep the nipples at attention...

Custard Cream Donut

*Tons of stores - no matter who you are or where you are from, you are sure to find a store with something of interest at Concord Mills (CCM)

The friendly head nurse gives you a admittance bracelet and dresses you in a hospital gown.

Located in the upscale area of chandler this place has a trendy setting. Its blue and inviting for trendy families looking to spend big bucks on OK food small tastes of food. limited seating and during busy hours will get you either a bar or outside seat. We sat the bar.Service:Initial walk-in we were greeted and waited on with friendly staff, with no seating left we sat the bar. If you are a costumer service snob then this is not the seat for you. Through the course of our meal, we could hear every thing going on, which as a customer I don't need to hear a loud discussion about why a person is getting so much ice cream and the response be like "well they paid a high price for it and im giving them more then one scope", which gives the vibe that this place is very cheap on their serving sizes for the amount you paid.Sitting at the bar also, the staff uses my dining space as a prep table, as they take out scopes of ice cream. Almost felt like cough on the ice cream to see what the staff will do, but dont worry i didn'tFood:

I teach ways to achieve an alcoholic spiritualism...of sorts.Yes, through a fairly consistent regimen of lies and drinking, you can become a more enhanced version of yourself, and there's no better place to do this than at the Temple Bar.Here are my recommendations:Don't go directly home from work. You need time to wind down. To ponder how you're going to execute that co-worker who just ratted you out  to HR for stealing lunches out of the office fridge.This is your quiet time.Time you can count on to not be bothered by anyone, including your server. Time you need to come up with a massive cover-up lie, explaining to your wife how those panties she found in your glove compartment are really yours...and how you have a 'thing' for women's undergarments... that you might need psychiatric help.And finally, time to wipe the day's smudge off of you.To get ready for the next, as you devise a scheme to suck-up to the boss with enough vacuum pressure, he'll give you that bonus you need to cover the abortion costs of your 19 year-old mistress.This means shots.

 As to the atmosphere, its clean and very well groomed.  overall, ok.This place is ok. The girls behind the counter are about as friendly as an iceberg...they don't ever smile! Boba drinks are ok and prices are reasonable. It will satisfy your craving for the time being. I always get the Passion Fruit Slush with Boba.Seems to be a hang out place for young Asians.The tapioca balls were soft but the iced coffee drink felt like I was slurping Straight SUGAR. Way toooo sweet. :( The location is right next to a Chinese supermarket. They have a lot of different flavors (iced tea, slushes, smoothies) but overall nothing that special.Most of the staff workers looked like high school students.Went here with my friends on my trip to AZ.

- Garlic knots.

The pizza was good but not the greatest - I still love Settebello!!!

Hours: 24/7The Korean BBQ was decent. We ordered the Kalbi (2 pieces per person), pork belly, beef brisket and the large intestines. They were all yummy except for the large intestines. It was too tough to chew. The Kalbi is highly recommended. I was really disappointed in the seafood soup, it was not spicy, contained no seafood, and was way too salty.Overall it was my first Korean BBQ experience and I really enjoyed the idea of it. The place was really dead at 10PM. We were the only table there.I've wanted to try this place ever since my friend told me that the meat quality is really good. She said ever since she had this place, she can't really go to the cheaper places like Tofu Hut. This place closed down for a little bit because of the fire. I got the chance to go the other day. We ordered beef ribeye, beef brisket, beef tongue, pork belly, pork neck, large intestines, and kalbi. It might be because I don't have refined tastes, but I didn't taste any difference in meat quality. They did have more meat variety than other places usually do. I did like the beef ribeye. It was really flavorful. The saving grace was the kalbi. You are only allowed 2 pieces per person. It did taste amazing. The pieces were huge. We first ordered 6, but the waitress said 3 for now. We were like... uh what, but we'll go with it. We understood once we got them. They were huge pieces. It was delicious, and the meat was so soft and tender. The only downside is that it's sweet. I wish they had a non marinated version. A friend said that at Gen in California has both marinated and non marinated. This place was decent, but I wouldn't agree that it's worth it for the price. I'd always wanted to try it, so it is good experience. A perk is that they do have side dishes like soup, steamed egg, and topoki. Side note, after cooking our meats, the server tried to clean our pan with a napkin, and ended up ruining our cooking area because there was tissue residue. They changed our pans twice which was just unnecessary.  It was nice, but I felt bad that they just kept trying to change the plate. In their side dishes, they included 4 slices of radish, and when we asked for more they only put 4 more. Service was just mediocre.I am newly introduced to Korean BBQ.  My BFF is obsessed with Korean culture and just recently got me to try it.  To my shock and awe, I actually like it (I'm the pickiest eater ever and eat nothing but chicken fingers & mashed potatoes).  So, with the discovery of Korean BBQ, we, with a group of friends, decided to go to Lee's.  First of all, before you even think about getting the all you can eat BBQ, everyone at the table has to agree to it.  The dinner pricing for AYCE is $29.99, which isn't absolutely terrible but still a lot to pay for one meal/per person.  They really do let you keep it coming.  The food itself wasn't bad at all.  We got pork belly, pork shoulder, bulgogi and a variety of other things and, of course, it comes with the normal spread of traditional Korean eats like kimchi.  What I like about Korean BBQ is that I can cook it myself for as long as I want (I like my meats a little burned - I know, I'm a weirdo.)Anyway, like I said, the food was good.  However, this place is only getting 3 stars because the service was awful.  Our waitress looked like we were wasting her time.  She really couldn't give two shits about us & the fact that we were all paying $30 each to eat (which is a lot for one meal/per person!!).  We repeatedly asked for drinks that were never delivered.  When she would pass our table, we would say 'excuse me' in English & Korean (we had a few people that could speak a bit of Korean with us) and she completely ignored us until she decided it was time to check on the table.  She got super pissed when we asked for the beer that she never delivered.  & then we sat for probably close to 30 minutes waiting for the check and finally had to ask a different server for it.  As I re-read this whole review, I feel like downgrading a star but I'll leave it at 3 since the food was good.  But man... they really need to get some servers who can at least pretend like they care about the customers.  Next time we want Korean BBQ, we are going to Tofu Hut!With the exception of their delish super tender and marbled fattylicious kalbi/galbi short ribs (which is now limited to 2pcs/person ayce), this was your average ayce kbbq experience for a higher price. It's now $33/person and all at the table must get ayce or nobody can. Blah service - they were very nice since I had my Korean aunty with me, but also very forgetful despite it being empty except for maybe 4 other tables. Had to ask twice to get a refill on hot tea, I also ordered squid twice, which they then proceeded to forget both times. Only remembered once we were ready for the check and I didn't want it anymore. Agree with what a couple other people said - they're ridiculously stingy with their banchan and since they rarely stopped by except the 2 times they brought food, it's hard to get things replenished. This dish with broccoli and soft tofu literally had 4 small florets, and they gave us 1 onion slice and literally 1 round slice of zucchini to grill for 3 of us. I don't get being so cheap with cheap things, it was just weird.  I'd only been here before just for soup, both of which were bland and forgettable. This town has a lot of other Korean places, and I don't think this one is worth your time or extra money. Actually, the kalbi was very good and since ala carte for that is around $30 - I'd say ayce could be worthwhile if they go back to not limiting you to 2pcs/person. But since that's very unlikely to happen - I say pass on this place.oh one positive is that they did let me take home the big rib bones (with meat on it) for my dogs. I figured they'd say no since there's usually no leftovers with ayce.CONVENIENT HOURS...Came to eat here with a couple of friends from out of town. We had the A.Y.C.E. which was 32.99 I think and the selections seemed small.

Even though the prices are fixed doesn't mean you get a good deal.

Balcony view of the Strasophere Hotel/Tower

Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw

My dining companions seemed to enjoy their food (pasta with clams, and another veal dish). So perhaps I was the unlucky one.Cute place, nice staff, but very slow service and inconsistent food. Something strange must have been going on in the kitchen that night, as the manager and the waiters were  all lined up most of the time looking into the kitchen through the pass- through. Was there a hidden kitchen disaster, or was it the dark- haired, very expensively dressed diner in the starched white shirt, whom the waiters appeared very nervous around? Was he an owner?  He received very prompt service!The food : salads and bread were quite excellent had the one with dried steak: delicious! this was followed by the squid ink pasta with mixed seafood, and the scallops could have been fresher, they tasted somewhat of ammonia.  The capellini with shrimp lacked any lemon cream sauce, as described on the menu, and the shrimp was overcooked and rather tough. The rigatoni with  tomato sauce was nothing special. The pasta with salmon cream sauce was pronounced delicious by my sister. They ran out of the olive appetizers at 6 pm, which we thought rather strange. After an hour of waiting for our main courses, one of our party had reached the limit of her patience, then demanded to see the manager. Our food came out very shortly after that. No manager was then needed, but none came over to make sure things were OK, either, he was still glued to the kitchen window. . Our waiter was pleasant but I think we only saw him three times in an hour and a half: when ordering, when he told me how much I seemed to enjoy the food ( well, I was hungry and my mother taught me to eat what was in front of me), and when he gave us the bill.  The busboy was very attentive, though, we had much water refilling . We declined dessert, but they never offered us coffee after dinner, which one of our party thought was unusual.  As others have noted, the olive oil and balsamic vinegar was served in a high- walled container that did not lend it self to mixing of the two when bread - dipping.We sat next to a wall opening in the restaurant, so I had one type of music from the restaurant  in my right ear, and music from the hallway in my left ear, which was very distracting, until I was able to tune out the hall music.  Very small wine pours, too, although the wine menu was excellent. We had a half- price entree deal through half price tickets, I think the Price- fix dinner was a better deal. I don't think I would go back, as there are many other dining options in Vegas. We did love the newly decorated Flamingo: light, bright and smells of coconut, not smoke! I would definitely stay at this hotel.I'm not a fan of Italian, but a friend took me here, and who am I to turn down a free dinner? It was solidly OK. I felt like having some kinda baked cheesy comfort-foody goodness, but shockingly there is nothing like that on the menu. Not even lasagna! So I settled for the shrimp risotto, which was pretty good. We shared fried risotto balls for an appetizer, and they were pretty good too. The bread basket was uninspired -- just regular lightly toasted sourdough slices with oil & vinegar. My friend had the pounded veal cutlets, which he found a tad dry, but they brought him some marinara on the side and then he liked it ok. The custom cocktail list is fun, and the drinks are really good. I had the ginger mojito, which was fanTAStic -- served with a sugarcane garnish -- and my friend had some fruity vodka thing. Both our drinks were chock-a-block with fruity minty greeny goodness -- they do not skimp on garnishes here!For dessert, we shared the profiteroles, which were also good. The main problem as far as I can see is the atmosphere. It's BORING. The place is located on a walkway in the back of the casino, very claustrophobic and dim, with not much of a view -- just hotel patrons walking back to their rooms. Although I did see a bride, in full wedding attire, carrying a bag of Hooters-to-Go...so I guess the people-watching is OK. Overall, if you're staying at the Trop then yeah, try this place. Otherwise, it doesn't stand out. I probably won't be back.Our biggest problem with Bacio was the inexplicable length of time it took from when we ordered our meals to their arrival at our table. An hour and fifteen minutes, despite being only one of TWO seated tables in the entire restaurant on a Thursday night.Our waiter, whose name I wish I could remember, was amazing: attentive, polite, personable, and honest. He did the best he could given the other let downs we experienced during our dinner. As for our meals, we were all very divided. I ordered some sort veal dish, which I really enjoyed BUT I have had better veal on numerous occasions. It was a forgettable albeit filling meal. My father-in-law had veal prepared in a different fashion that was too salty for his taste. My husband had a surf and turf combo on special and it was decidedly the best meal on our table. The other two members of our party had a salad and lobster ravioli, which were "fine" and "good" but again, they've had better. It was a mediocre experience, and when I'm in Vegas I like to kick it up a notch from mediocre. Bacio exudes an upscale modern vibe but falls flat in the taste-bud department. This is not a Vegas-must.My wife and I placed a to-go order from Bacio, hoping (praying) that the meal would be better than the horrendous meal we had at the Beach Cafe (24 hour restaurant at Trop). The soup was hearty and filling and not overly seasoned; however, the accompanying bread was too salty and the consistency was that if an under-done crouton. We also ordered the rigatoni which was tasty. The vegetables in the sauce were cooked nicely and still had some bite, and the sausage was spicy and flavorful and didn't have too much anis. We were pleasantly surprised but, again, our expectations were very low. In our Vegas experience there were many other restaurants that would warrant a visit before Bacio.One thing to mention: the service was fantastic and Steven was very accommodating to our needs.After reading about how good the food is at this place especially for the price, the girlfriend and I decided to give it a shot. Upon arriving, I was a little surprised that the restaurant is located in upstairs hallway of the casino. It's not too noisy, but you can still hear the background noise of the downstairs casino from the patio where we were seated. We were told that it would be a 15 minute wait and waited about 10 minutes for one of the 5 or 6 empty tables located in the hallway that had been empty from the time we arrived.I was a little disappointed with the ambiance, because when I think of a nice Italian restaurant in Vegas, I think romantic, darker lighting and a little bit of privacy to your table, but that's just my opinion.Our server did a very good job. He was very quick to fill our water glasses and serve the calamari appetizer that we decided on. Calamari came with fried zucchini and fried fish as well which was delicious. I ordered the Gnocchi which was very good and the girlfriend ordered the Rigatoni which had spicy sausage and bell peppers. Very spicy, almost too spicy to really enjoy. We enjoyed our food, but if seated inside the restaurant, its possible that I would've added another star to my review for ambiance.This is has been on my list for a while now...Mainly because I've been trying to get a 1000pt reservation with Open Table.

Their milk tea, I am sad to say, I did not enjoy. It's too cinnamon-y for my taste.

Are you kidding me with $62 for a 12oz filet and $12 per side?!  I know it's Encore and I know it's Vegas, but I also know what these things cost at the grocery store and I don't even buy in bulk like a hotel!!!My husband and I decided to split everything. We started with the iceberg lettuce salad with blue cheese, bacon and tomato. It did not wow me, but it didn't break the bank either.  We ordered the 12oz filet and a side of creamed corn. I like my filets still mooing and he likes leather shoes.  Mine came out medium and his came out medium well. Not good for a steak restaurant to mess up their main event, but we were in a time crunch, so there was no sending food back to the kitchen!!!

Chicken skewers -3/5 coconut batter was off putting

2) Bathrooms are not close....if I recall...we sat at a table literally overlooking the strip...and the bathroom was in the way back....which is typical in Vegas (reminds me of the movie Labyrinth with David Bowie [1986])

5. The service writer offered to check for any recalls on my 2009 Odyssey.

Food = 1-3 stars (Appetizers & burgers are good, skip the big $ stuff)

Hot water was just warm for one night. We called the front desk and they sounded like she was pmsing. Someone came to fix the problem fairly quickly though.Towards our last night of stay, we ran out of hot water at 2am and they said people are off work already, and we would either have to wait until 6am or do a room change. We were not allowed to just go to another room to shower, but we were asked to move EVERYTHING at 2am in the morning. NO THANKS! So we waited until the morning to shower.EW. 3/5Very spacious rooms.

I can't comment on the pool area or anything because it wasn't open.  I'm sure it's decent.

Food - 3 Stars

I paid 3.75 for a coors 12 oz bottle and 4.25 for fries on sunday when i could haveHad the special 6 wings and a draft for 5.95

- Oh, not mentioning the server as he pretty much was MIA as soon as a table near us was sat with a local chef around the time the bread arrived.The price for our 3 (three) dishes + two iced teas and tip? Just shy of $100. Let's recap. a veggie dip mini plate, pasta and a chicken breast. Yes, I was on something. A bad trip. One I won't make again.**Edit** totally pushed out of my mind (for good reason) that we had a grey hair in our crudite oil. When pointed out (after I fished it out of my mouth as it tagged a ride along with a carrot) the hostess just said - we don't have anyone with grey hair in our kitchen (neither me or my friend has it either) and just took the oil container off the plate and brought a new one. She was completely indifferent. We didn't even touch the remaining items. In summary, if you are a food purest, and you don't often treat yourself to farm fresh food or chicken, this may knock your socks off.  If you are looking for something you can't do yourself at home - go next door to Pizzeria Bianco.Not 100% authentic HK style cafe, but there is no other choice n Phoenix. Curry is more like Thai yellow curry, cutlet pork chop can use a little bit more flavor on the sauce. Over all the food is OK, service is excellent.I was super excited to hear there was another Hong Kong western joint in town.  When I am in HK or Cali, I love going to them.   The menu is what I expected to have a mix of HK staples and with a western flair.  We had a table of 10.  We placed our drink orders and some of the drinks started to trickle our way.  But some of our drinks were missing, then repeat drinks started to show up.  We had to tell them 3 or 4 times what else we were missing.  Then 2 folks came a little late, I am not sure if they ever got them a drink order.  That should have gave us a clue what we have in store.  We had one person place our order, but we were ordering everything and sharing.  Good way to taste everything!!!  It was total chaos after the drinks.  They bought dishes that were ours, then dishes that were not our, then they brought dish that were repeats of the dishes we have already have, and then some of our dishes never came.  WOW....  If we were dishonest, we could have eaten a lot of dishes for free.   Only the desserts were correct.  Maybe they are better with smaller tables orders?Here are all the dishes that I tasted.  We had more but I did not taste them all:1.  Condensed Milk Toast:  Basically it is Texas toast toasted and has condensed milk for a spread, served with fries plus a hot milk tea.  I requested the hot milk tea be iced and I know I was paying an up charge of $1.  The toast was good, I remember the crust on the bread was suppose to be cut off.  The fries were good.  I got my drink but it was hot, I reminder the server my drink was cold.  It took about 10 mins before I got my drink corrected.  But the milk tea did taste legit.2.  Scallion Pancake:  I like the flakiness and layers of the pancake.  The flavor was pretty good not it is not super oily.3.  Beef Pancake Roll & Chicken Pancake Roll:  We got the beef pancake roll so it was flavored beef rolled in a scallion pancake.  The beef was very flavorful.  Our chicken pancake roll never came out.  We asked about it the server said she forgot to enter it in the computer, but at the end of the meal during dessert the chicken pancake rolls show up.  4.  Meat Sauce with with Spaghetti:  The meat sauce was super tasteless (watered down).  Simply just was NOT good at all. 5.  Baked Chicken & Cheese in Creamy Sauce with Rice:  This dish smelled and tasted delicious!  Chicken with bell peppers and onions in a cream sauce baked on rice and topped with a crusted cheese.  OH was da bomb!6.  Hainanese Chicken with Rice:  The rice with the meal should be enriched by garlic and it's aroma.  I did not taste it.  The chicken was moist and flavor but a little red/pinkish on bone on some parts.  The dipping sauces were ok in flavor. 7.  Wonton Noodle Soup:  The wontons were ok but the noodles were not that good.  Normally the egg noodles are cooked al dente with a light crisp/crunch when it is done correctly.  The soup base was just ok too, more flavor is needed in the broth.  That makes a noodle soup fantastic good. 8.  Curry Beef Stew with Rice:  This dish was spot on.  Very freaking good.  The beef stew was tender and packed with flavor, then the curry sauce was made to perfection.  I loved this dish.  Makes me think I was in Asian again.I have visited twice recently. For us it's a hit-or-miss. The first time we had the baked pork chop rice dish and the seafood pan fried udon noodle dish and they both were good.  The second time we visited we had the won ton noodles and ordered the shrimp tempura udon bowl.  I ordered the udon bowl and I was expecting the Japanese style, instead it was more like pho, and was loaded with cilantro, which I hate. My husband generously let me trade soups. I enjoyed his won ton soup, but he though it was at best average. We went with other Chinese family members and they all thought it was average and there are other places that are a little better.  It's a very trendy place in a popular area, though it's not the best Chinese food we've experienced.So, you want to know what a Hong Kong Canteen is like? This is my recommendation - go here for a small lunch, enjoy the decor and ambiance and get a general feel for everything. Then for dinner, go Asian Cafe Express, don't mind the crappy decor and mismatched furniture and enjoy yourself wholeheartedly because it's definitely the clear winner in this round. Came here the other day with family and it was definitely nice to see something like this pop up. This place used to just sell drinks and pastries, but they seem to have expanded with an actual food menu. Regardless of reviews, this place is definitely here to stay to service my fellow FOBs at ASU who will most certainly flock here like it's the new holy grail. Drinks were either too sweet or not sweet enough, but there's a vat of sugar at your table to try to remedy it. Drinks are served in pretty tall glasses so you could save some $$ and share with someone. We ordered 10 dishes total to share - a mix of hit and misses. I highly recommend everyone order the fried chicken appetizer. It's super crunchy and the size of the their chicken is ridiculous. Like where-the-hell-did-they-find-this-giant-chicken ridiculous. We ordered a variety of noodles including chow mein, udon, and lo mein. No worries as they definitely have their noodles down pat. As for the misses it was mostly anything that included meat. Their baked pork chop had an off flavor and texture (mostly the rice) and their beef was dry and hard. Probably the worst thing about this place? The service. It is dreadful. The servers seem like they're literally afraid to approach you so if you want your water refilled, have any questions about your food, or want to order more - good luck. You're better off at the DMV. I'm going to give it another try and come back here for lunch. The sandwiches are always the main stars of a Hong Kong canteen and I have a hunch that this place is more satisfying as a lunch establishment than dinner. A warning to all, parking at night is a straight up nightmare as they share it with BWW and Ihop so be prepared to do some parking lot stalking. Essentially, if you're not too picky about your environment decor and would like bigger portions for less $$ that are tastier and more authentic, go to Asian Cafe Express instead. You'll find more menu options, speedy gonzalez service, and food that'll remind you of the asian mother you never had.Southern Rail is on the right track but at the time of this review is brand new and possibly still working things out. The servers seemed well polished and the cocktails we tried were tasty and strong.We shared a small plate of House Smoked Trout with Pea Cakes and Tomato Jam. I thought this dish was put together well and was my favorite of the plates I tried. The Trout was smoked nicely and wasn't too much smoke. The Pea Cakes reminded me of Falafels but green with fresh peas bursting out and the Tomato Jam wasn't just sweet Tomatoes it had a little Kick to it. They all harmonized nicely together.The starter plate of Cauliflower Casserole was for my taste (maybe not yours) was overly generous with cheese and seemed to lack the onion cream that was in the description. For me this plate was too heavy and I think someone just slipped with the cheese that wasn't in the description of this dish. Possibly an opening hiccup. I need to reveal a full disclosure that I am sensitive about smoked foods and only care for a mild smoke taste that might differ from you.I tried the Chicken and Biscuit Dumplings. I received a bowl of many nicely made cheesy dumplings in a very smoky dark sauce with 2-maybe 3 ounces of nicely prepared dark meat chicken a few very thin shaves of Local McClendon Carrots, Chunks of Mushrooms and some fresh pea tendrils. I was slightly disappointed for a few reasons. As good as the Biscuit Dumplings were and they were. This dish for me was too much Dumplings and should have been called Biscuit Dumplings with Chicken. I could only eat maybe one and a half and had I think three maybe three more dumplings. In the description of the dish was the mention of McClendon Carrots. I was expecting carrots to have a co-staring role and not to be  just a few shaves for color.  For my taste the sauce was WAY too smoky but might be great to other people who like smoky food. My husband tried the Smoked Chicken and Andouile Sausage Gumbo. He said it was good. He eats Authentic Gumbo whenever he is in New Orleans and said the one at Southern Rail was good but thinner than other Gumbos he tried and also more smoky than others he tried but still good to him.3.5 stars On the right track but a LOT of Smoke a little steam.Will have to revisit in a few weeks once the kitchen works out the kinks. The menu looks a lot like Beckett's table in layout, but with a southern twist.  Warning, the place can get spendy.  You'll order some fried green tomatoes, some mac and cheese and the brioche rolls and then tuck into a cocktail, an entree and dessert and you'll find yourself dropping about 80 bucks.  The interior is very welcoming and bright.  You can't beat the location next to changing hands bookstore.  Warning, do not park next door in the business building next door.  They will tow!  Our table found things a bit over cooked with the only flavor being salt rather than more nuanced smokiness, also the lack of hot sauce was a little disappointing.  I loved the brioche rolls which come in a pool of butter in a cast iron pan, although they are a buck a roll.  The fried green tomatoes are what enticed us in, but we found them on the thin side with a breading that seemed like something premade and dredged, the pimento cheese needed a kick.  Like I said, it's never fair to judge a place this new, but it's great to see something new go into the old Beef Eater's space which was languishing.  The interior bar is (there are two) is great looking and one of them opens into changing hands. I have a feeling there will be a lot of blind dates going on there :)Cool atmosphere!  Looking outward while the light rail goes past, you feel like you are in a train station (or at least I did).  The decor is bright and clean; but seemed to get louder as the time passed.  Our reservation was at 6.  We were greeted and seated timely and courteously.  I'm glad I reviewed the menu online as I still wasn't sure what I wanted to order.  We started with the Fried Green Tomatoes (how can't you?).  They were pretty good, but not like the ones my grandmother would make (hers were thicker and a different breading).  I ordered the Blackened Prime Flatiron.  The steak was good to order, but I felt it lacked anything to constitute calling it blackened - no crust, no extra pepper or spices that I could tell.  The succotash was hardly worth talking about, but then again, I don't ever recall an excellent succotash?The other 2 people in my party ordered the Cider Brined Pork Loin and the Chicken & "Biscuit Dumplings".  Both of them enjoyed their entrees.The staff was friendly and on spot with filling up our water glasses and escorting us to the restroom, when asked where it was.Dessert.  Not sure I have ever spent $11 on a dessert, but last night I did.  I ordered the Bread Pudding a la mode.  It was pretty great.  Another person at my table ordered the Pie in a Jar, apple a la mode, and said it was great as well.My biggest gripe would be the noise level.  They had music on; by the middle of our meal, all I could hear was the bass under the loud voices.  It made it difficult to have a conversation with the 2 people at my table.I know this establishment is brand new, but look forward to going back and hopefully seeing some improvements.Went with two friends last night. Overall a solid place. NOISE is a major issue, we were seated in the back room and I can honestly say the noise level was the worst of any place I've ever eaten and have lived in five major cities before Phoenix. Hopefully they can go back to their designer and see if they can't do something. My friends said they would not go back because it was so unpleasant. So the decor looks cool, but doesn't function well.

little on the strong side, but I could live with that, thanks to ice cubes and creamer.

Slow roasted short rib, caramelized and picked onion, arugula and melted cheese, served on country bread. A plate you can share!  This crunchy and unctuous sandwich made also came with horseradish garlic sauce which really complimented it.  It also came with salad which I decided to have the cream of asparagus instead!  It's quite cheesy and greasy and all around good.  Although not the best grilled cheese I ever had, it was the greasy spoon I needed after a long weekend of drinking ;) PASTA CARBONARA (lunch pasta & salad special) - $12.50

Mongolian Beef - was good, your standard Mongolian beef

- Crystals at CityCenter, adjacent mall...only popped in...we didnt wanna shop...looked like a reg mall except they were high end shops

-Limo service was really nice, and our driver was very chill and entertaining.

J'avais pris un milshake fraise qui était plutot pas mal, un burger végétarien et une frite.

Location:  3/5 Worth the drive if you live in Las Vegas.  Otherwise just buy it online and have it shipped.

IStopped in for a quick bite before catching a movie. Being a Saturday night, we were worried that we wouldn't be able to get in before our movie time. We were seated as soon as we walked in. The menu here is huge! I have to be honest, I was a little overwhelmed with how many choices there were. We both placed our order and I swear five minutes later, the food was at the table. Both of us ordered the one item combination plates. My wife had the chicken enchilada and I had the carne asada burrito. Combination plates come with your standard fare, rice, re-fried beans and a tiny salad. One thing that wasn't standard, at least not to my knowledge, was the bowl of fideo soup that accompanies your meal. All of the side were good. I especially liked that the beans were not greasy! The burrito was tasty. My only complaint if you will, was that I felt the tortilla that was used might have been a little thin. More along the lines of an enchilada rather than a burrito. The carne asada was cooked well and was flavorful. I could see myself coming back. Preferably when I have more time to look over the menu and try something else besides a combo plate. For now, I will rate this as a three star visit. The service was good. The interior was colorful and lively. So if you are in the area, give this classic restaurant at it's new location a try!I really liked the fact that the restaurant carries an extended menu, you could definitely find something you would like to eat. They offered complementary chips, salsa and fried beans, which were pretty good.  I ordered the enchiladas and although they were good, they were not very impressive! I was very disappointed with the margarita, I could not taste any alcohol! ::( the service was decent and the atmosphere is very nice.. Overall, not a bad place but nothing out of the ordinaryIs it Almost Excellent Food and Service? Not only is the meat prepared fresh it is good juicey and flavorful. Not sitting out dried and bland. They actually cook your food well. Some dishes are not seasoned well but at least offer well cooked meat. Sauces should be made not canned. Perhaps if the menu was streamlined this could work, too many choices and offerings. Stick to a few authentic recipes and this place would rule. Even with canned sauces it was better than most. In Las Vegas however this is as good as it gets. The outside decor looks like a cheap sports bar but inside the staff is hospitable and atmosphere inviting. Pre dinner food is tasty but not better then other Mexican equivalent offerings... That being said no dry over heated meat and some fresh seasonings. Get some authentic homemade sauces that aren't purchased at the local Mexicali grocery store then we are talking. Season your own food! Don't use a can!

-The menu is on a chalk board only, so anyone with his or her back to it is out of luck.  Also, it isn't visible from the bar area, so bar patrons are reading it over your shoulder.  Really, you're so high on yourself that you can't print it bilingually and on paper?-The much-talked about app of bacon and cheese stuffed between two pieces of fried foie gras is very good, but not worth writing home about.  The bacon was pure limp fat and the foie coating was oil greasy (not foie greasy).

Amazing Jake's bowling wasn't good.  The shoes aren't fit to give to the homeless.  The balls have more gnashes and bumps in them than Mickey Rourke and Ray Liotta's faces combined (sorry, dudes).  The lanes are unevenly waxed.  The score-keepers end your game early.  There is a serious lack of available weights and sizes of bowling balls for smaller bowlers.  One good thing was that the staff (when there WAS staff even there) made wrong things right and were decently pleasant about it.  Not worth the price, though.  I'm sorry.  Find a local bowling alley, try to get coupons for it, and go there instead. We didn't do the other attractions. The buffet?  About 6 kinds of pizza, a nice selection of salad stuff, two soups, breads, your usual pasta suspects, very few dessert options, and a large variety of fountain drinks.  The pasta was quite tasty believe it or not.  The pizza will suit kids.  The salad was fresh.  Its 10 bucks for adults and 7 something for kids 10 & under.  You'll use the toilet, no doubt...

I had a regular girl who did my hair every 8-10 weeks. She did a cut and color.

Hopefully someone can address this.Very nice scenery. It's nice even walking into the Wynn and seeing all the flowers in the lobby.  The food wasn't as good as the atmosphere however.  It was fine, but overpriced.  The service was a bit snooty.  You could definitely tell this was a more high end place.  To add to it, there were birds yelling and flying very close to the food!Nice breakfast place with great decor.  Alice in Wonderland meets Italian.  Really good coffee.  Ginormous pancakes.  The hash and omelets were just okay.  Outdoor seating is also available.We came here for lunch on a Sunday and thought the food was okay. We were told that we had just missed brunch and they were only serving lunch which was a bummer. Especially since a table that came in later was allowed to order from the brunch menu.We started with the s'more shake which was rich and chocolatey. I had an enchilada with rice and beans. The entree was pretty good. I wouldn't seek this place out, but it would be a decent option for someone staying at The Wynn that wants a quick meal.Vegas is all about opulence, and the Wynn seems to take his mission to heart.  The Terrace Pointe Cafe, with its fantastic sunlight views, extremely attentive service, and meticulously clean environments, made me instantly enamored with the restaurant. If you're a fan of eggs benedict, you'll love this place.  They offer crab cake, pork belly, and classic eggs benedict, or a trio of all three with *no sides*, so it's all benedict, all the time.  My friends got the biscuits, which were similarly drowning in gravy (though she loved it), and my friend got the steak frites, which were pretty passable, though it cooked medium despite asking for medium rare (understandable on such a thin cut, though).  The main issue, I think, was just how *heavy* everything was.  Their hollandaise, while still tasty, is a crazy heavy, especially when paired with thick, salty bacon and/or fried crab cake.  Their bloody mary, at $16, was garnished with just a lemon and an olive, and even after I squeezed the entire damn lemon in, was still pulpy with tomato and salt.  A dash more lemon juice in both food and drink would have gone a long way :P  The service, and perhaps the unwillingness to wait in The Buffet line, are the main draws of this place.  Our servers were warm, attentive, and quickly brought us the check (as we were in a rush.)  Overall, I think there are better dining options, unless you want to be fawned over for an hour or two.  Then, I'd probably give this place another shot.---sweet: great service

Unfortunately I have never eaten in any of their many restaurants, but they all look nice.Back to the casino...It has all the usual slot machines, table games, a poker room, etc., but for some reason, they recently got rid of their penny Keno machines. It's a shame because that's one of favorite games.

La entrada cuesta 18 dólares por adulto.

Chintzy décor, no eye candy, a tad overpriced for what you get, yellow circus awnings, drab atmosphere, no wifiIn sum, if you are in the mood for a hamburger, a quick bite to eat, and are in the vicinity of a Fuddruckers, this place delivers.  If you are looking for a real local place, fun atmosphere, and better food, look elsewhere.So I went there at the beginning of this month with a friend...for the first time...yes believe it or not I had never been to fudd's.It was OK...I mean not that big of deal it's a burger joint with a pick your own toppings bar...big deal...some of the nostalgia on the wall is cool.The service was not that great..but the people that did come see us were at least friendly.You know how in the first Ghostbusters movie how Sigourney Weaver's apartment building was a conduit for negative and dark forces because of rituals that had transpired that caused the framework to work as an inherently evil gateway to be used by Gozer?That's how I kind of feel about this place.  Only, instead of being a gateway for evil, it's more like a gateway for absent-minded people who will stand in your way and/or walk behind you MUCH TOO CLOSE.  You know the kind of people I'm talking about.  The people who made it why the sneeze-guard had to be invented... people so careless and dumb they'll sneeze on food.This place is depressing.  It's true.  I mean, it's as though everyone in town who wants to bitch and moan and ooze out piss and vinegar decided to come to Fuddrucker's.  This is a shame because I actually really enjoy the burgers.  I think they're fabulous.  And the fries are really good.  They're those potato wedges with the skins that I enjoy.  They have a make your own burger bar and their to go system is brilliant.  They give you enough cups for everything so that you can make 100% sure that your burger will NOT be soggy.  It never is.  Plus, and this is a bonus, they have round pickle slices for your burger and they also have like those half pickles, too.  So, you can have a pickle on the side without looking like a pickle-slice collecting weirdo.I do think the food is great, but I hate, hate, fucking HATE going inside.  It's depressing to me.  It's not dirty or filthy, but the building works as the antijoy.  It saps your joy in the same way that antimatter can make things seize to exist and create gnarly explosions.If you can get in and out really quick, you will get a great burger.well this isn't the same fuddruckers I was last at a couple months ago, things have changed for the better.They have jalapeno cheese sauce now. Up until today, it was the only fuddruckers I had been at that did not have it. There was also a lady in a blue shirt (manager maybe) wandering around the dining room filling drinks, asking how the food was and taking away plates. It was something I wasn't used to coming here before and was a nice touch, almost like a real live sit down restaurant. It was a great improvement since the last time I was here and it was very welcomed.I wanted to test this place out so I brought in a simple alteration to start-a dress with no lining that just needed to be shortened about 2in. Yes, you have to struggle a little with the language barrier but in my experience that's the case with most tailors. Lets face it most people nowadays are not going to sewing school to open shops for alterations. These ladies have been doing it for years and generally know what they're doing if you can keep the communication simple. They don't take credit cards-only cash or checks (I had to run to the ATM and run back). The craftmanship was done well and the dress was ready when promised. $18 to shorten a dress w/no lining.So far so good. I'll use them again and next time I'll bring something more complicated and see how they do.It was my first time taking my dog Pickle to Canine Preferred. I called in on my way to the salon and they took him right away which was nice. When I dropped him off my first thought was, "Wow this place is noisy!" There were dogs all over the place and some were very loud. Pickle is a pretty timid dog so I'm sure this frightened him. I was hesitant to leave him there. They tied him up on one of leashes on the counter top that had a nice little pillow where he could wait. I was advised to leave so he didn't get more sad. I was told he would be done 2 hours later and he was going to be $50. However, I was told my appointment was next when I would later find out that I was not. I came back two hours later and he was still not done. I waited about an hour later in the lobby. The woman who did the cut was nice. She wrote my information on an index card when I first came in. The cut was good. He looked happy and relieved he was done. He came home and was fine (normal behavior). I would recommend going back however, I noticed many other dogs come in and out as I was waiting for him to be finished and their dogs were the similar size and breed as Pickle but their haircut prices were much lower than mine. I could only assume that was because they were regulars but did initially make me feel a little confused.Great happy hour.  The bar is comfortable and serves big portions at a good price during its happy hour.  I haven't had a full dinner here.  Super heavy/rich food. Meat intensive. If you are searching for a meal that involves the adjectives "light" or "healthy" this is not the place for you.The bar is the place to be, even when it's not happy hours.  Their saloon menu is probably better than the dinner menu.  The Green Chile Pork Stew and Roasted Chicken is a better value and taste as good as anything they have on the dinner menu.  Food there is nothing special.And their $120 gift card costs $100.  Great deal if you're on business and need to expense receipts.  Another way to beat the system!  ;-)Interesting location - really don't expect that type of decor inside a corporate building. After hearing so many positive reviews, I finally tried it out last week but couldn't say I was overwhelmed by my experience.The tortilla soup ws okay, nothing special - could have been more spicy. I had the seared tuna as my entree. While the presentation was beautiful, the flavors were a bit too extreme - however, the roasted beets were a nice touch, but the salsa did not fit with the dish.The bacon biscuits in the bread basket were out of this world.Service: prompt, very attentive, and unobtrusive.Conclusion: overrated!Roaring Fork, oh Roaring Fork.  How do I love thee?  Let me counts the ways....1.....  Okay, I guess I don't really love you.  But I do like you, okay? First off, what an interesting location.  I could have been killed getting in the parking lot.  I had a reservation for 8:30.  No, my table wasn't ready at 8:30.  I found that very interesting because there was no one waiting in the lobby.  And wouldn't you know, they seated me by the kitchen.  Okay, folks, I know how long your food was sitting there Friday night and it's not pretty.  Their staff is like a bunch of crazy lunatics, but that's okay.I opted for the Huckleberry Margarita, nice but nothing to write home about.  Doesn't begin to compare with Roy's signature drink, but that's for another review.The bread basket was full of unhealthy little taste treats, I especially liked the bacon & cornmeal bombs and the buttermilk, bacon, artery cloggers.  Yum, yum, even better slathered in chipotle honey butter.  My salad was great, I opted for the wild greens disguised as the iceberg wedge.  I'm a red meat girl, so I had the 8 oz. center cut filet mignon.  Eight is too much for any girl, so I was unable to finish.  But I did order it medium and since it was barely medium rare, I did have to send it back.  Luckily, I was close to the kitchen, so the re-cook didn't take long.  The flavor of the meat wasn't really remarkable, but satisfactory.  The green chile Mac 'n' Cheese is a really great idea and something that I will try to duplicate at home.  If any of you yelpers have the recipe, I would be interested in it.  Now, I'm thinking that since I didn't finish my steak, my server deemed me not worthy of a dessert, it wasn't even offered!  But that's okay, I guess I didn't really need it.All in all, pleasant, but nothing to write home about.My experience at the Roaring Fork during Restaurant Week was peculiar.  It's difficult for me not to take on the judgements of my co-diners, but I'm going to try to limit this to my experience only.It took FOREVER to get order our drinks and actually receive them.  All I wanted was an iced tea and I received my drink last, and it was given to my co-diner seated 4 seats away from me.  And, while we were waiting for our drinks to arrive incredibly slowly and one-by-one, I started to get really, really hungry.  I'm waiting for the guy to take our order, but he hasn't even brought all the drinks yet, but he has brought a huge basket of bread.  So I start munching on bread, which was so-so.Finally, he takes our orders for appetizer and entree.  And it takes forever for something of which they probably have a big vat sitting in the kitchen.  But it eventually comes out: 7 green pork chili and a tortilla soup. Except wait a minute, they only brought out 6 green pork chili and a tortilla soup.  So again I wait, and wait, for my waiter to come check on us. 10 minutes or longer after everyone else is served I finally get my appetizer.And it was really good. Tender pieces of pork in a slightly spicy green chili sauce, smothered with a ton of jalapeno jack cheese, served in a little cauldron with three large buttery tortillas.  But it was enough food to be the entree.  If I had known it was going to be this large, I would have ordered the salad.Then it takes awhile for everyone to finish, plates to be cleared and entrees to be brought out.  We were seated at 7:30, it's now close to 9.But then it finally arrives.  My rainbow trout with almond slices and capers with a piece of jalapeno cornbread.  The fish was almost as large as the platter, easily 4 servings if vegetables were included on the platter, but there wasn't.  I'm very curious to find out if this is how they normally serve their food because I'm not used to getting a big plate of meat with nothing else.  Again, it was delicious.  Lightly battered and smokey, it almost tasted meaty it was so rich. This fish was yummerriffic.Then it's time for the dessert, not that any of us have room for dessert, but it's part of the package.  The server informs us that there are only 3 creme brulee left.  Luckily only two of our crowd wanted this dessert, but it was just another way that I was a little disappointed with the service.  I ordered the Chocolate Lava Brownie with Vanilla Ice Cream.  It was pretty good.  Not phenomenal, but good.I loved my food, and maybe I would check out a happy hour.  It's a shame that the service was so mediocre, because this restaurant could easily have won me over with their food.  And I never would have gone here if it wasn't Restaurant Week.I was so excited to try Roaring Fork for the first time given the positive reviews.  My husband and I met a group of Yelpers for the first time as well.  While we thoroughly enjoyed the company, the restaurant...not so much.Service was marginally acceptable.  While our server took our water order right away, it took a ridiculous amount of time to order any other drinks (except for water) and even a more obscene amount of time to get our dinner order taken.  Where the hell was he?  Taking a class at the Culinary Institute down the street?  There was no logical progression of the dining experience or even the ordering process.  Finally, Houdini arrives with bread.  The  dinner rolls were decent.  There were also some kind of bacon biscuit, but the flavor reminded me more of those "Baco" bacon bits than smokey good-quality bacon.  I ordered off the Restaurant Week menu.  For my starter, I had the green chili pork stew.  Very very good.  Quite a large portion for a starter-would be a fabulous lunch.  Because I wanted to save room for dinner, I refrained from finishing the stew.  Big mistake as my rotisserie chicken was a disappointment.  While it wasn't bad, the chicken was a little dry and  relatively flavorless.  I spent most of my meal focusing on my fond memories of the green chili stew I so foolishly let go.  I did try my husband's trout and it was delicious.  Damn I hate it when he gets a better dish than I do.  The lava brownie for dessert was good, but not as warm as I would have expected either.  I think it was nearing breakfast hour by the time we managed to complete our meal.I'm not certain if the lack-luster experience was due to Restaurant Week or our server lost the coin toss when our group pushed our two tables together.  I will come back and give Roaring Fork another shot, however.  Maybe Houdini will have disappeared for good.  Ahhh, he wasn't that bad, very nice, just not on top of things.I had the opportunity to dine with some Fabulous Fellow Yelpers at The Roaring Fork last night. While the night was fun and full of laughs, The Fork just didn't deliver.Our group of 9 people had a dinner reservation for 7:30pm. Let me first hit on our reservation. Because of seating limitations, Jenn W and I had to make 2 separate reservations, and they were made through Open Table. We each noted our reservation with each other's names and stated that we wanted to be seated next to each other. I also noted that we were Yelp members and that we wanted the AZ Restaurant Week menu.  We received a confirmation etc.The day of our event, I received a phone call confirming our 8PM dinner...umm... no. I explained I set it for 7:30. The girl fumbled around and finally said "Yeah ok." and finally apologized for the oversight. I am SO glad I thought to ask her about the further instructions regarding Jenn W and My table being seated together, because they would have dropped the ball on that too. In my irritation, I finally said "What other important information do you miss because you guys don't actually read your Open Table reservations?" more apologies...yack yack.Fast forward to dinner time!I arrived around 7pm to meet a few Yelpers for drinks at the bar. I didn't feel comfortable actually sitting at the bar because the seats are jam packed right next to each other... heaven forbid there's a fire! It took a while for the bartender to notice that we actually wanted a drink. He served me a fantastic Zin. I don't know what it was, but it was good!Our full party arrived and it was dinner time! I was STARVING at that point. We were seated at 2 separate tables that were next to each other. We decided it was silly to sit a foot away from each other and put some muscle into moving our tables together. Our server, Joshua, took our water order very quickly. Unfortunately, that was about all he did quickly and accurately all night. Our actual drink/cocktail order was painfully slow both in being able to order it and delivery, plus a random diet coke showed up in the midst of our order. At this point we didn't want our drinks we wanted food. A couple of bread baskets were delivered with so-so varieties of bread. My favorite was the cheddar bacon biscuit. It was just interesting to me. After we depleted our carb baskets, we hoped that our food order would fare better and get to us quickly.It was time for the first course. Everyone's first course was delivered except for one. Jenn W was left to sit and wait an unreasonable amount of time for her order. In fact, instead of making sure everyone had what they needed, our waiter delivered another table's appetizer first and walked away. BIG NO NO. Jenn finally received her order and I could finally dig into my food without guilt. I ordered the green chile stew. Fantastic! I loved it. It had the right amount of spicy kick. The meat was tender and not at all fatty, and the tortillas that came with it were hot and buttery. I could have just gone straight to dessert after that. I was very pleased with my appetizer.What goes up must come down right? Well my blissful high was broken up by my boring rotisserie chicken meal. I was hoping that the chicken might be moist and smoky, or maybe rubbed with some interesting spices... no. I know I've had a better seasoned, and more moist rotisserie chicken from a grocery store. Yes, I said it. I did have the chance to steal bites of the trout from Jenn W and Matthew K. How I regret ordering the chicken!! The trout was moist and meaty and full of so much flavor it was silly!! I also had a few bites of Amanda B's short rib dish. The sauce on the short rib was tasty and smoky; the short rib itself was almost too fatty. I know short ribs are supposed to have some fat content, but this was like eating blubber in some bites, not appetizing. I had high hopes for my dessert.Our dinner dishes were finally cleared away and we were left to chat for a bit before our dessert order was taken. I had the molten chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream. Meh... the brownie wasn't exactly as molten as I expected and considering my ice cream was largely melted I was hoping the whole brownie was warm, nope. The melted ice cream was possibly our "speedy" waiter's handiwork.Our waiter was kind enough to allow split bills and there was no problem in mixed up tabs or anything which was great. I think I will go back to the Roaring Fork for a happy hour or to try some of their more creative dishes. Maybe a basic chicken dish threw them for a loop; I hope they can wow me next time with something different!I joined several yelperz for the UYE Restuant Week excursion. It was SO much fun sitting there and laughing around with everyone joking about God-knows-what. If it weren't for the company - this would have been a TERRIBLE night!! The food was good... my green chile pork stew was good and I enjoyed it. However, it made my "date" sick. Poor thing! But my braised beef ribs were a HUGE chunk of meat! lol! and it was so fatty! A good 25% of it was fat. gross. But the beef was falling off the bone and very good. My creme brulee` was just... creme brulee`. Nothing great, outstanding... or amazing. Heck Carraba's creme brulee` is better! HA! The service was ATROCIOUS! I never had such slow service! The waiter was friendly and a lil bit of a smartass (which was actually really refreshing) and really nice but MAN he was WAY off his game. We waited over 30 minutes between courses and every single course someone was left out. There was one less soup, one less entree, one less dessert. Every time someone would have to wait for their food. I felt bad each time and really it was uncalled for. I wanted to just go off on the manager who I saw spend over 20 minutes sucking up to a different table and wanted to only spend 2 minutes with us. But alas, I didn't want to scare my fellow yelpers and chose not to say anything. double grrrrr... By then of the night - I spent over $120 on a meal for two (the MOST I have ever spent on one single dinner! Ugh, is this what it feels like to be a man??) and got know some more of my fellow yelpers. Which of course, makes it worth it. Straight up - I'll never go back. It's waay too far, it's WAAY too expensive and the service is WAAAAAYWAAAAY too shity and is NOT worth the gas, money and time to go there. If I have to pay over $60 a head, the service better be fucking great!! Cuz straight up, the food wasn't THAT good to where I'd look over all their flaws and go anyway. Methinks not!Stopped by today and was surprised to see how slow business was.  Last time I was here for HH, my companion and I had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, and then later had to share it w/ two other couples.  I later had a chat w/ a chef, who mentioned that business on Tuesdays, for some reason, almost always is slow.  But then again, most businesses have slowed down...I actually wish I could give four stars for today's visit.  All the servers (and chef) I spoke w/ were very friendly and accomodating, including bartender Ryan, who recommended I have a glass of the Cab ($5) w/ the Fondue Pot w/ Lamb Chops (reg. $14, but only $9 during HH!).  I only had to ask to be able to watch the Australian Open and Ryan made it happen!  Later, when Ryan asked how I was enjoying my meal, I said "Very much, but I wish there were more bread", and five minutes later, voila!  So, four stars, maybe even five, for service.  Spotted a new complimentary item (to me!) on the bar (and other tables) being served along w/ the pretzel, peanut, and oyster cracker mix- house-made beef jerky!  Decided to try the jerky (had to avoid the snack mix due to probable * ingredients in the pretzels and seasonings) while sipping the Cab.  Both were satisfying.  The jerky was a pleasant addition, esp. since the portions of butternut squash (2- 2"x1" pcs) and bread (about 4 pcs, ranging from 1"x1" to 1.5"x2"), and the lamb chops left me wanting more!  Actually, the lamb chop portions would've been satisfactory if all four pieces were cooked to medium, but only the two sliced ones were; the other two were cooked as one, not sliced, and were basically served rare.  W/ the exception for sushi and sashimi, I do not particularly enjoy chewing rare meats.  Come to think of it, I don't know why I didn't speak up.  Probably bec. I was enjoying the tennis match, the conversation, and, to be honest, I was already tipsy w/ the wine!  (Hey! I was sipping iced water, as well... what can I say?  I'm a light-weight!)  BTW, do try the fondue pot.  Ignore the notation of "chile-pecan" for the bread.  It's really chile-pistachio.  Very good, esp. dipped in the spicy monterey jack fondue.  The butternut squash paired well w/ the chops and the cheese-dipped bread!  Mmm... If only all the chops were cooked...Average food.  Three of 4 people had food served, after 5 minutes we asked the waitress about the left out meal.  OOOps. An apology, but after 10 more minutes it became irritating.Everyone I knew spoke so highly of the Roaring Fork that I couldn't wait to get to Arizona and try it out. Needless to say I was disappointed. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very unique and different and has a mountain type vibe to the decor. The place is always packed and we couldn't get in until about 830 on a Sunday night. The food is overpriced to say the least. Side dishes are all $7 and the french fries were a disgrace. The menu was limited but did feature a wide array of fish. The friend chicken was dry and tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a good amount of time. The braised ribs were average and a little went a long way. The sides overall were horrid and the service was shotty to say the least. The banana desert was a home run! One of the best desserts I have ever had and I highly recommend it! I may give the Roaring Fork another shot if I am in town again because of the dessert. Maybe I ordered the wrong dishes, who knows.Very nice place but the food was too heavy on the butter and oil.  A few artistic options on the menu make it worth a try but will not be on my list of repeats.The food took awhile to come, but it was decent.  We had the Dr. Pepper Short Ribs and the Dr. Pepper Baby Back Ribs.  The meat was cooked well but it was not seasoned well.  The chili macaroni cheese was not very memorable either.  The server was attentive and the manager did drop by to check on the table which was nice.  But we suspect this may be because it was low season.I have been hearing about this place for a few years now. I finally made it in tonight. A friend suggested we try their summer menu. It is a 3 course meal for $25 dollars. It was a wonderful selection and a huge serving. The food was yummy. All three of us got the trout and were all pleased with it. It was a huge portion. The shrimp cocktail was also a large portion. The bar here was much busier than the dining room because they are known for a great happy hour. The decor of the dining room was a little stuffy. That would be my main complaint. Our server was wonderful. Very attentive and helpful. We were not there for a special ocassion but we did walk past a table with a sign that said "Happy Anniversary" from Roaring Fork with a red long stem rose. I thought it was a nice touch and worth mentioning. I will have to ckeck out the happy hour next time. Otherwise, unless it is a set menu like tonight, I don't think I would eat in the main dining room again.We came here for a business dinner on a weeknight.  Everyone in the group went for the three-course meal for $25.  The wine list is pretty good, with a lot of choice by the glass.  If you order wine by the glass, they will bring it out in a mini-carafe, and you'll get more like 8 oz than the usual 5 oz or 6 oz, which turns into more like two glasses of wine.  I had a nice Opolo Vineyards Zinfandel that worked well with the appetizer and main course.  I started with the tortilla soup, which was fine but not very complex, and could have used something to brighten up the flavors.  The pork carnitas was the best food I had that night.  The portion size was incredibly large.  It could easily feed two.  The custard of the crème brûlée was underwhelming somehow.  The service was good.We went for happy hour one weekday and ordered a glass of wine, mojito, and a burger.Happy hour prices were good, the burger was pretty good, but very big, my husband & I shared it, and were full for the rest of the evening.We found Roaring Fork to be about a 3.5 stars, it was good but not great.Does anyone else think that writing these multiple reviews makes you tougher and tougher to please?  Am I being tough or is it that all these restaurants seem so much alike?  I liked this restaurant.  The food was good.  The waiter, Kevin, was great.  But, geezuz, I didn't think there was really anything special about it.  I guess it will go into my "count on them for consistency" file more so than my "new and different" file.Good meal, but the service was terribly, terribly slow.  They were quite busy, but several other tables that were seated well after us received their main course before we even had our salads and soup.I gave roaring fork 3 stars because although it was expensive, I felt that the food was mediocre and the portions were small.  My friend's boyfriend is a chef there and she had recommended the restaurant.  I can't complain but it wasn't anything I'd write home about.  I will suggest the Dr. Pepper prime rib, It was excellent, very flavorful!As far as food goes, this place was a solid 4. Service was a 2. We initially sat outside, but moved in since it took a lot of time to even get a glass of water. Once inside, we spent even more time waiting for someone to bring us the full menus. Apparently they could only spare two for our table. The bathrooms were far away... A little strange. We ordered beers and received chilled (nice) but 6 ounce (weird) glasses.On the plus side the food was excellent.  The green chili pork appetizer was very good as was the dr. Pepper short ribs.There is a lot to like about Roaring Fork, however a few hiccups lead me to a 3star review - with a couple fixes, I could easily add a star (maybe 2).  Went to Roaring Fork for happy hour last Friday.  It was a fairly warm day, although nothing like the summer days we've been having.  The bar was packed, so we opted for a spot on the patio.  We got there shortly before 5, so we were surprised that it was already that full.  That being said - easy fix, go earlier on a Friday.  The chairs out on the patio are fairly uncomfortable.  I'm not an enormous guy, but I'm also not 120lbs.  The narrow, weird shape of the patio chairs were fairly uncomfortable.  The women with us did not notice a problem - every guy did.The overall value is great for happy hour.  Most drink specials are $5!  $5 in Scottsdale.  Hard to beat.  The Sweet Carolina (?) was a combo of Sweet Tea Vodka and lemonade - just the right amount of sweetness, very tasty.  The guava mojitos were also a highlight.  Very tasty.  The wife enjoyed the huckleberry margaritas as well.  All $5.  The food was solid.  We shared the green chile pork with warm buttered tortillas.  I'm a bit of a tortilla snob so wasn't thrilled by the thicker (think Mission brand) flour tortillas, but the green chile was very good.  Not really spicy (would have been nice), but great flavor.  The best part of the food in my opinion, was the 1/2 rotisserie chicken with tortillas.  The chicken was perfectly tender, juicy and seasoned.  Great bird.  Service was somewhat slow - but they were jam-packed, and we were outside on a hot patio, so I suppose that can be overlooked.  While they were slow, they were very friendly, very helpful and overall pleasant - just needed to come around a bit more often.The restrooms, especially for the guys are a bit of a trek.  You walk all the way to the back of the restaurant, make like you're walking back into the office building.  Just before you re-enter the offices, you hit the women's bathroom.  The Men's restroom is actually back inside the office building - just a short walk down the hallway.  A little inconvenient, but let's be honest - I'm not going to count out a restaurant just because their restaurant isn't exactly where I want it.  I have legs, so I can walk.  Overall...3 stars.  I would definitely return.  I would love to sit inside and see if service improves.  I would also prefer to sit at a booth rather than outside on the patio chairs.  Apparently my giant ass was not meant to sit there.  The food and drink, not to mention the happy hour prices make this place more than worth it.Even tho' the food is outstanding, I was thinking of giving four stars, but, the dining experience was uneventful. What I mean by that is it felt to us that they wanted to serve the food, bring the check and get us on our way  out of there.This was our 29th Wedding Anniversary and we've been having it there for the past three years. The rose that they leave at the table has seen better days. It looked as if it was used several times before. I should have taken a picture of it.

Shrimp on a stone. Enough said. Baby shrimp with garlic, lemon, and cajun seasoning with a pair of dipping sauces, one sweet, one spicy. The spicier of the two has a wasabi kick to it.  I could come here, eat this and a have a glass of wine and be content.The view. AMAZING. And not your average Vegas strip view either, which I appreciate. You pretty much have a view from anywhere in the place.Carlos, our server. He was excellent. I would not say that service from everyone else was as up to par as he was. We had a 10-15 minute wait before being seated. I attempted to go to the bar for a glass of wine while I wait. I was in the bar for 5 minutes without being acknowledged so I left. Even if you needed a minute, at least acknowledge I am there, just basic customer service.The food. The chicken picatta was very average. The risotto was cooked perfectly, but overpriced with the fish special, and not a very large portion for the $38 price tag.The mussels, again just ok, I have had better. The desserts were super commercial. Not impressed. The appetizers both were on point. I want to come back alone for these. Next time I will be trying to risotto balls.

- The burger looked so insanely delicious, but it was well-done instead of the medium my husband had ordered. Now, of course, this didn't stop him from eating all of it. But then again, it's not like our server came over to ask how it was. (We were pleasantly surprised when the check arrived and the burger was taken off.)

overall I will go back when in the area.The store is huge and very organized...also clean.  But I love shopping for a bargain and I just wasn't getting it here.  The clothes were very over-priced for used clothing...I would rather shop new at Marshalls and get a better deal.  If you are looking for inexpensive books then this store is right for you.  Not impressed and won't be back.Decent Savers location. Could be kept cleaner and better organized. Gotta dig hard for those good finds but they are there.When I first stepped into this restaurant, I was impressed.  You could tell that they put some thought into the décor and made it look modern and open.  They have quite a large selection on their menu, with a Vietnamese food section also.  The prices are reasonable, but the dishes are a little on the small size.  I had the stir fried beef rice noodle from their lunch special menu.  With this you get a free drink, so I got the green tea drink.  The drink was very refreshing.  The beef noodle dish was quite tasty, but very skimpy on the noodles.  There was actually more beef than noodle.  But because the taste was quite good, I will come back and try some of their other dishes on the menu.  3 and  1/2 stars!Came here for lunch today. They had a regular menu and a lunch special menu. I believe their lunch specials were about $4.95However we decided to order off their regular menu, which was still fairly cheap. We ordered filet with veggies, beef fried noodles, wonton soup, and salt and pepper calamari.Food overall was just OK. Not bad, but maybe not worth a repeat visit unless necessary. Servers overall were friendly and restaurant was clean and spacious. I think I would only come back if my usual go-to places in Chinatown were closed or busy.Had a Living Social coupon for here. Went late night (after 10pm) was told @ the door by "O" that the kitchen was already closed, so he reccomended another restaurant that ended up being fantastic.The following afternoon we went back to The Shack. It was nearly empty,  the bartender JT  was very friendly and attractive (trust me)

 They were located at the American Leadership Academy on San Tan Pkwy and I came around 6:00. The other trucks were empty as hell and there was only two people in front of me waiting on their order. I ordered two waffles: banana/strawberry/nutella/cream + banana/strawberry/biscoff/cream and paid $18.50 with tax. I got burnt ass waffles and I'm not happy that I had to saw the heck out of it when eating mine!! Sorry but this time really disappointed me and my friend.4th time here. The first 3 were amazing! Couldn't say anything better. But this time really sucked. There were no adults on board managing and it was just

I have had take out that was coldThe dine in experience is better & did enjoy the meal.

Bone-in Ribeye 18oz+Foie Gras - good

4.5-Attentiveness

-- Great selection & variety of food - one of the best I've seen in a long time, actually, especially when it comes to the breakfast selections! - just be sure you order exactly what you want, since sometimes the menu items feel a little more restricting than they actually are.

- Alcoholic milkshakes

-1 the  bartender was rude and would tend to ignore people who wanted to get the free absolut since it was happy hour. We still tipped him even it was happy hour, it wasnt like he was working for free.My sister-in-law raved about the kobe burger which she said was so good it brought tears to her eyes.I HAD to check it out.(It was alright.)I think what my problem was, was that I ordered the burger the way they have it listed on the menu, which is with minimal toppings. Onions, aioli, lettuce. something like that. I suppose that's to enhance the flavor of the meat itself, which of course is what is supposed to be happening. I shoulda done the build-your-own which comes with every different meat choice, a bunch of cheeses, all kinds of veggie options, too many sauces, and choice of a ton of breads.The pub itself is pretty cool, though, with more tap beers than you can count and they have root beer on tap, too! they dont brew their own but it's still pretty damn good that way. I dont know what root beer it was (shoulda done my homework before writing this review) but it didn't taste bitter or too licorice-y, and it wasn't too sweet as well. It was a really good balance and was great for me coming down off a three-day alcohol-prepaid bender."The Pub" no longer has the four foot tall beer towers. The food was good, everyone in the group liked their burgers, but its a bit spendy (~$10 for every burger on the menu). This is a nice big place with a lot of space, easy to get to the bar even when its crowded.Loved the ambiance and our group was set up in a nice little private room, which was great as we are a loud bunch.Nice beer selection and the apps were decent...chicken nachos and assorted fries, but seems we all were a little, eh, about the entrees.  For me it was beer battered fish and chips, cod as far as I know which wasn't that great.All in all it was a fun night out, but probably would just go back for the finger food/beers.(short review alert!)During the Vegas trip the guys wanted to hit up a bar...  Being a Vegas veteran knowing that there really isn't any "stand along bars" available so decided to check it out.  (Most of the bars in Vegas are infused into the casinos as a Bar/Lounge style next to the slots)  The pub's got a cool logo of a whale with fire coming out of it's blowhole so I guess that was the draw of my attention.  (I enjoy these little things)Once we were here, we noticed that it was more of a restaurant than an actual bar.  The place was wide open with decent decor, dim lighting, and dark furniture around the facility.  Since we were looking for a bar and my friends were more disappointed because it wasn't an actual bar (and actually wasn't crowded at all), so we decided just to have quick bite to eat instead.Ordered chicken quesadilla with mango sauce, calamari with 2 sauces, and nachos...Quesadilla was great... I mean, how can you go wrong with tortilla, chicken, cheese, and sweetened sauce?  An easy and safe choice.  Calamari was fried to perfection with decent sauce accompanied with the dish.  Nachos were humongous in portion, but it was overly salty and the cheese looked fake... so the nachos wasn't a hit at all.We didn't get any drinks as we were really looking forward to a bar, so after the meal immediately we left the pub so that we can get some drinks in our system.  The entire meal (appetizers) cost us almost $40 so it's not a cheap meal by any means, but I guess you are paying just like the whale with the fire out of the blowhole....(is that why he is burning inside?)I may or may not come back to this place... some entertainment was happening on stage but it wasn't really grabbing anyone's attention so perhaps Monte Carlo have to rethink their strategy by having this place within their facility.  It's just another another mid-high priced restaurant with mediocre food...Now you see why this is such a short review...Pros: space to dance, live singer and DJ, sports tv's, had 2 for 1 drinks coupons, inside and outside area to drinkCons: janky music choices, expensive drinks even with couponsOverall all this place was arrrright. It was one of those nights though where we could have been anywhere and had a good time so The Pub was lucky we stayed ;)I rated this 3 based on two visits. The first visit was a Sunday evening about 9pm, just for some drinks. The place had quieted down since all the football was over for the day. We sat at the bar, and I ordered a Pyramid Haywire Hefeweizen (something I can't get on tap back in Denver, but it's my favorite beer) and my husband ordered a Blue Moon. They were out of both. My second choice was Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat. Out of it. My 3rd was Widmer Hefeweizen. Finally, a beer they had. But my 3rd choice. I realize it's a Sunday evening after a busy day of football, but when you boast about how many beers on tap you have, you really should have them. Our bartender was very nice, super social and apologetic for the lack of beer.The next night we went for dinner during the Monday night football game. Our meals were excellent. My husband had the Hangover Burger and said that it was almost TOO much for a burger, but delicious. I had the Fry Sampler, which had two types of french fries and sweet potato fries plus accompanying dipping sauces. All 3 were awesome. However. Again I ordered my Pyramid Hefeweizen. On a Monday, thinking the beer was likely delivered that day since they were out on Sunday. Nope. Still no Pyramid. I did get my 2nd choice, at least. The bartender was not very attentive. He had 7 people at his area of the bar, and spent his whole time conversing with a couple at the far end of the bar. He was nice enough when he came to serve us, but it took a while for him to do it.Would I go back again? Probably not. The food definitely was good, but if I'm paying $8 a beer, I'd rather not chance that they have what I want. Yes, ladies do drink free from 9-10, so maybe I'd go for that, but otherwise I'll check out something else.The pub has been remodeled just recently.  Never saw how the old one look but the new one looks mighty fine. Now they have happy hours for men and female but for the me the happy hour sucks.  They only offer you deals on Miller Light and Bud light YUCK

Nonetheless, I always will opt for a local coffee place, so I would still frequent this place if I lived in the area despite the not so great first impression. I was impressed they roast their own beans (as advertised on the menu) and they had a lot of unique drinks on the menu instead of just being a copy cat (which someone in another review said... I think they misremembered).

- The easiest way to enter is by driving south on Providence Road and turning right into the gas station. - If you are driving east on Ballantyne Commons Parkway, your best bet is to make a U-turn at the Providence Road traffic light, then immediately turn into the gas station parking lot on the right.  If you were to turn left onto Providence Road, you'd have to make an immediate left across two lanes of southbound Providence traffic (not smart), plus the turn lane (really not smart). - If you play the lottery, you can grab tickets while you're here.After stopping at the Providence Farms Produce in Indian Trail/Matthews with mom, I could not wait to get over the the Providence Rd location which is less than a mile from home.  The blackberries, corn and zucchini that I purchased in Indian Trail were AMAZING, I ate almost 1/2 of the blackerries in one day.  Alas, upon going to the Providence Rd location the very next day, the blackberries from there were chemically tasting and bitter, even after washing them a few times, and the zucchini were much smaller.  I am sure the items all come from the same farms/locations, but the difference in quality in location and 24 hours was amazing and disappointing.  I made several visits for their delicious corn, which was tender and sweet with huge kernels.  The last two times I went, the corn was a lil pitiful, so I guess we are coming to the end of the season.  The heads of cabbage were HUGE though, they looked like green basketballs.  I appreciate the local produce and the great pricing - it's a great place to stop for many of your produce needs and very reasonable prices.  The employees at both locations were extremely friendly and helpful.Prob one of the best of the fast food type burger places but way overrated. They definitely have a cult following.I have to say the burger is really good especially as animal style (one of the not so secret menu options). It is so small though you have to get at least a double or even a triple to be satisfied (3x3 good option). So once you have ordered a 3x3, animal style you got a nice sized burger that has all the right cheese gooeyness, grilled onion and sauce to boot. (prob is it hikes up the price).I have to say the fries just suck (these are fighting words to the in-n-out lovers). They are cut fresh but they don't cook them right. They are soggy little suckers so i have to say Fry well (or well done) to get them in some sort of crispiness but then they are almost cooked to much. So i usually don't order anymore. They need to learn how to do the twice cook method (blanch then crisp)Shakes are ok but nothing special what so ever. I do like how they have little hot yellow chiles if you want them.Great burger (specially the protein style) but the worst drive thru wait time ever!!! I'm talking about be ready for 25mins plus.Good burger if you need something quick. Great prices! Service is always great. Everyone that works there is always so nice. Burgers are a little on the small side compared to other places but tasty. I am from Texas so my heart will always belong to Whataburger when it comes to fast food burgers like this.In and Out burger...what can I say.  Goes down well, comes out easy.Secret menu allows you to stretch beyond the mediocre 6 item menu.  Burgers are decent.  Quite frankly I think they are over-hyped.  The chain has an almost cult-like following.  Not sure that is warranted.  Definitely better than typical fast food joints, but it is just that...fast food.Animal fries (aka chili cheese fries) pretty good.  Burgers are fresh.  Fries decent. Always use drive-thru.  Line looks deceiving long hit moves quicker than shorter line inside. Worth checking out if in a hurry but not my go to place for a quick meal.Lovely studio with fresh instructors and late classes which is a necessity for me.First week for newbies is $25.  I tried 4 of their classes and enjoyed them all.Commercialized yoga--notwithstanding the fact that all western yoga is commercialized. But that's not necessarily a bad thing. The studio was very nice and included a locker room with showers. I thought all the teachers were solid. Standard big-city prices. Check their website, but I think it was ~$12-15 per class with all sorts of package deals etc.After a day of driving from LA to PHX, I needed a good unwind and stretch. Sunday morning flow sounded like a great idea, and this place seemed like the right place to go.The class was described as a level 2-3, which sounded more intimidating than it turned out to be. It was slower paced than I'm used to, and not super hard IMO. The instructor was a sub and although he suggested modifications, didn't seem to do much hands-on adjusting with the students which I usually like. Either way, the class was good for the $10 student admission fee I paid. But if this was located in LA, I probably wouldn't go since there are much better (and more challenging) classes at home. Call me a LA yoga snob (#dontcare).I bought a Groupon for two months unlimited - sort of wish I hadn't. I ended up badly injuring my shoulder during an all levels flow class one month in, and they refused to freeze my account. It'll be 4-6 weeks before I can attend another flow class, so there goes half of my Groupon. I'm hoping that my shoulder will be good enough to attend a simple Zen class, and then maybe my Groupon won't be a complete wash.As far as the physical studio goes, it's actually HAS an "urban" feel to it, and I really loved that. I often avoid closing my eyes in class because I like to get lost in the pipes and patterns in the concrete ceiling - the design (or lack thereof) is pretty ingenious and calming for a big city girl like me. The music selection is great - much better than some of the Top 40 crap they insist on playing at Sumits. The variety of classes and instructors is also very nice. The negatives? Well, this is commercial yoga. I don't think it's anywhere near as bad as Madison Improvement Club, but I don't get the personal one-on-one feel that I like in my yoga studios. There's very little in the way of adjustments and corrections with most of the instructors. I think some instructors just don't do it at all and others don't when the classes are too large, which is almost always. One of the instructors was just straight rude - I was actually pretty shocked at the way she was speaking to some of the practitioners. Sadly, she was probably one of the most hands on and helpful instructors, I just didn't like her personality so I never went back. As far as the classes - the daytime weekday classes are a good size but the candlelight flow and community weekend classes are always way beyond capacity. It gets hot, sweaty, crowded, and is just not relaxing at all. The "all levels" classes are also way more advanced than I expected, and that sucks for beginners like me. I never got around to the Foundations class because of it's odd 6pm time slot, but I assume that should have been where I started. Haven't really decided if I'll buy another membership. There was at least one instructor I really enjoyed and I'd probably go back just for her Friday community classes. I think if you're a practiced yogi, you'll like the environment and selection of instructors and classes, but as a newbie, I'm not impressed.I was a little disappointed in Green Onion.  I went in for the first time to try to get some lemon grass for a soup I was making, but when I got there I realized I didn't know what lemon grass looked like.  That would have been ok, except that all the produce was either unlabeled or not labeled in English, and also shrink wrapped (preventing me from smelling any of it to help me figure out what it was.)  I ended up guessing ("what looks the most like grass?") and when I got out to my car and ripped the shrink wrap off to smell my purchase immediately discerned that I had Bok Choi and not lemon grass.  I hate Bok Choi!!  They did have a better selection of rice wine (sake and korean varieties) than anywhere else in town, and about 20 kinds of mochi (I love mochi!)  I'm sure it's really hard to get actual asian produce to champaign, so I guess in retrospect I shouldn't be surprised that most of their inventory was varieties of asian noodles and dry grains.  I can see why, if I were an Asian student, I would like to come to Green Onion to get my brand of noodle bowl that I can't get anywhere else.  However, as the gringo aspiring chef that I am, I am sad to report that this isn't the place for me to get the sauces and spices I need for my asian cooking as I hoped it would be. On the bright side, my trip did make me realize that Schnuck's actually has an acceptable variety of the ingredients that I usually need (e.g., fish sauce, vegetable oil, chili sauce.)If you are preparing a hot pot event, then here's a convenient place for the thin-sliced meat. I commend them for differentiating hot-pot lamb/beef/pork from shabu shabu lamb/beef/pork although i really don't think there's difference there in the meat itself.The butane burner and butane gas served their functions well. The pot has a funny name printed in Chinese, Chrysanthemum Pot, no idea where this comes from but heated up fast and no weird taste or smell.Store Review:

* The wifi is spotty. I wound up using the nearby resto's.

       The food was decent, nothing spectacular, nothing terrible. The staff was very kind and courteous. Bottom line....  Nice healthy eats with a premium price attached.It was a good experience. The tofu fries are surprisingly good and the food is wholesome, but it didn't really blow us away. Customer service was friendly.Ok here's my review after 4 times eating here....the owner was genius for putting it in a place where after a workout....its this or Starbucks....and giving that extra closing time for late night snacks after strength training....BUT HOWEVER....that's how I got caught here more than I would like to.i give 3 stars for location,hours,menu,and decor....I DO NOT GIVE more stars for the over priced UNDER flavored meals I've had...Tofu fries....PERFECTO'....juices & smoothies...nothing special and go raw cafe bears them with drinks by a long shot....the food costs way too much money to have to go home and re flavor. Rumor has it....don't quote me....they cook vegan dishes on the same equipment as meat dishes without cleaning....I DO NOT KNOW if this is 100% true,but I've heard and read about it too much to not mention. I'm trying the veggie burger right now and hopeful it stands up to its price range. I really want to love this image....the harvest kale salad was a joke,veggie pizza (vegan) decent,but over priced. Please owner.....step your game up...I want to be yur fav customer....I need you lolFeta scramble with tofu fries was good. The smoothies are all a little over priced. I still frequent there because of the limited options for similar type of food in eastern. The service is great and fast service. Which is always appreciated.My smoothie was good but the sandwich I ordered wasn't seasoned well and neither were the tofu fries. However, I would give this place another try.I would give this place 5 stars for their food, it's delicious.  But I would only give them 1 or 2 stars for service.  I've ordered twice on line and both times the order has not come out right, got a wrap instead of a bun, wrong type of wrap, or missing the avacado which costs extra.  When my husband went to pick up the food I ordered today, the person at the counter said I never made an order when the order was right behind them with my name clearly on it.  They then told him he needed to pay for it again, which he would've done had I not told him I already paid for it before he left.  Get your sh*t together green and proteins!We came here for breakfast on a Sunday morning. We originally were going to the sunrise cafe next door but they had a long wait and the place was packed so we decided to try this place out. The layout is not bad and it has a clean feel. They have a good selection on the menu. Customer service was not bad but not that great either. The girl at the counter wasn't too friendly but wasn't rude either. I decided to have the breakfast burrito and my girlfriend ordered the Acai bowl. The burrito was pretty good. Not too big but enough to be filling. I was not a fan of the  tofu potatoes that came on the side. But that's not a deal breaker.Here is the part that knocks off a couple stars. The acai bowl was almost completely frozen still. It had possibly the worst texture and consistency I've seen in an acai bowl. It was topped with granola and fruit which is nice but no honey or agave which left a lot of flavor to be desired. If I'm going to pay 8$ for a bowl, at least make sure to take the time to finish blending the acai instead of sending the bowl out half frozen. So this place isn't terrible but could use some friendlier customer service, and I recommend shying away from the acai bowl.My friend and I came here yesterday after our workout. It was kind of pricey and honestly I didn't like anything that much. I really was just eating because I was hungry as fuck and also I spent a stupid amount of money on a juice so I felt obligated to finish it. I did have a $1 off juice/smoothie coupon for checking in when I got there but $7.50 for a juice is a little insane.

We found the food court to be useful, cheaper then the buffets, and convenient. Lots of options too.

i. Cocktail waitresses had weird hours. I didn't get approached once for a drink on Thursday night, but was asked 4 times in an hour on Saturday morning at 9AM.j. Had to walk to another floor to find a working ice machine.k. No ventilation. The casino REEKS. Again, gamble at the Luxor. The Ugly:

We ordered the wings without the sauce. They were okay. A little dry but we just doused them in blue cheese and ranch. There are plenty of other options so unless you're craving wings try something else. We also ordered the Buffalo Blasts. Now these things are freaking delicious! It's chicken, cheese and buffalo sauce stuffed in a wonton and fried. You can always sign me up for anything with the words "fried, chicken and cheese" in the description. They were ahhhhmazing! Crispy on the outside juicy flavorful meat stuffed on the inside (and they are not stingy with the filling) served hot with ranch dressing...like Nike says Just Do It! You can thank me later! Dinner:I ordered the Herb Crusted Salmon. It comes with mashed potatoes and asparagus over a lemon sauce. I'm a huge fan of the lemon sauce (always ask for extra) but last night the salmon just didn't do it for me. Don't get me wrong, portion size was not the issue. But it was just very bland. The potatoes are chunky with pieces of the red skin, not a favorite for me but that's just my personal preference. The asparagus was cooked perfectly and dipped in the lemon sauce....simply divine! Overall, the meal was just okay. Nowhere near as good as I used to remember but not bad by any means. I'm sure I'll be back...and yes I'll make sure to get a piece of cheesecake.Your average Cheesecake Factory in a mall. It's super busy but the food is reliably yummy so you keep going back. Service isn't the best but they aren't rude, so it's fine with me. I usually have sandwiches for the Liz Lemon side of me. Try the ranch dressing with your fries, it's so good! We are big fans of the mango key lime cheesecake but I also can't quit my old favorite, cookie dough. It's yummy, just go.Good restaurant but employees are horrible and rude. The managers aren't any better there policy of "we don't do reservations on the weekends" only Monday-Thursdays what kind of policy is that?!!??!?! Wouldn't it make sense if they just had reservations on the weekends ? That way they wouldn't always have such a long waiting list ???? The manager Kyle Davis or whatver his name is is so rude spoke to him on the phone and he got very sentimental and took everything too personal...such a girl!  this place is a joke only because the employees make it!!!!!There is no denying the food is wonderful here. This review is about service. My girlfriend for lunch here on Saturday afternoon and we set the bar. I have the skinny menu in my hand and order the skinny shrimp summer rolls. If it comes out and I wondered why they were so big. After eating one, I asked the bartender if they were indeed the skinny ones. She said no, they were the regular ones but the only difference was there was more and they are bigger.  She asked me if it was too much food. I told her yes, that was why ordered the skinny ones.  She said oh sorry I didn't hear you say that. I get the bill and they charged for the regular ones. And they weren't going to fix it until I said something. Things like that drive me absolutely insane. I shouldn't have to pay for something I didn't want or order. I brought the bartenders attention, his demeanor immediately changed. RUDE.I  prefer non- chain restaurants and haven't been to the Cheesecake Factory in six years, but amazingly the same menu items that I chose then were still on the menu. I got a Caesar salad with fried chicken and hubby got a buffalo burger ! Colleagues got a pasta dish, salmon dish, and chicken dish and all plates were consumed happily. Since we are all away from home we splurged on cheesecake too! TCF is typical and reliable. See you in another six years.Ordered Curbside TOGO for an Oreo cheesecake, strawberry cheesecake, key lime cheesecake, and a Snickers bar cheesecake. Yummy!!!! They are open on Saturdays despite what it says here on the app! Curbside quoted me about 25 minutes, However it took longer than 25 minutes for my order to be delivered to my car, almost an hour. Ordered at approximately 8:24pm and finally received my cheesecakes at 9:15pm. The curbside waitress was polite and explained to us that the dessert orders were insane tonight so we understood! Cheesecakes were yummy though! :)This chain is always reliable. I don't go often, maybe once a year or two.  It does have good food, good service, and good dessert. I tend to get overwhelmed by the menu though! They have everything from american to mexican to asian. It is a bit crazy if you think about it. I ordered the lunch everything pizza, which comes with a salad this time. The portion was huge! This one order is certainly two meals in one. It was very good! I know the bowtie pasta dish is good as well. This was the first time I had the banana pudding cheesecake with fresh banana slices. It was amazing! Not too sweet. In fact it was perfect!This is just an OK place.  Every time I try something new, its just OK.  I would rather they have a smaller menu and are able to focus on the taste of their food.  Cheese cake factory is always packed.  I understand if you want to come and have dessert.... But dinner?  Not good, not mind blowing.... Just some mediocre food.  The only dish that I actually really like is the fried Mac and cheese appetizer. And their desserts are good.  But the food is never worth the wait to get a table.OK, I went in with really high expectations from everything I've heard about this place. We went on a Friday night around 8 and only had about a 15-20 minute wait. We were seated and our waiter seemed very nice at first and told us to take our time and soak in everything. I was amazed at the menu, it had anything and everything you could possibly want and then some.  The fried Mac & Cheese balls were AMAZBALLS and our food was delicious.I was very disappointed with our service though, he started off great, and I don't know what happened, but it seemed like we were bothering him by sitting in his section. He treated the other two tables he was waiting on very different and was super friendly but any time he came to the table we had to request refills on drinks and he just never checked in at all. This was a huge disappointment because like I said I had super high expectations coming in.   Bad Service aside, the Cheesecake is to DIE for!!!!! Oh My Goodness, My husband tried the original cheesecake, but I had to go all in. I got the Chris' Outrageous Cheesecake and let me tell you it did not disappoint.  It was a layer of brownie, topped with a coconut chocolate chip cheese cake, topped with chocolate cake, and if that wasn't fat enough it also had a coconut pecan frosting on it.  Yes it was a completely fat *ss item, but it was so worth it. I would stay on the elliptical all day to have that once a week. Overall it was an ok experience.  The food was AMAZING, but the service was very disappointing. :( I will definitely  give it another try and for sure at least get some cheesecake to go.So listen... it's not BAD. They're just not consistent. And when I say that, I mean it in every sense of the word. You could get something spectacular one night and order the same dish again the next night and not get the same quality.I went there with the lady and another couple to celebrate achievements on all of our parts. The girls ordered drinks, which they thoroughly enjoyed.  And then the food came out.I ordered...uh... some jamaican jerk thing? With chicken instead of shrimp? Jeez, it's so hard to remember when the menu is that big. I'm sure that there are a bunch of jamaican jerk things with chicken. But this one had beans and a mango pineapple salsa! And plantains!  The chicken was excellent, the slaw was good (but room temp, not cold), the beans were okay (they lacked seasoning), and the yucca was seriously overcooked. I was with my Irish buddy who had never seen plantains before and he asked me if I ordered shit (yes, they were that charred and shriveled. I gotta say, I don't blame him). However, it's really hard to mess up the internal flavor of a plantain, and overall, it was fine.The lady ordered Fish Tacos, and she was not pleased. But I can't blame her, they had soaked the damn thing is so much sauce that the actual tortilla broke when she tried to pick it up because it was too saturated. She said it also lacked any flavor, though I didn't try it.The cheesecake IS consistently wonderful though. I do wish they gave a weeee bit bigger slices, but what can you do. I do enjoy coming here, I really do, but... it never turns out to be as good as I think it's going to be. Phew. Feels good to get that off my chest.Gene was great as our waitor.  Can't say the same for my Orange Chicken.  The chicken and rice was dry and boring. No spice and hardly any flavor. I have had better at the local Chinese restaurants and Jo Jo China Bistros. Try anything else but this dish.Love the food.   Service is another issue.   Work in the area so used to eat there 2-3 times a week.  Since I usually eat with coworker, anywhere from 2,3 or 4:00...at the bar.  Most times service is reasonable, bartender always attentive.  However if 2 females sit at a high top in the bar area....good luck!  If you're a female eating alone....you better BRING your lunch!! Guys and couples ALWAYS get served first...even when they arrive after us! Their orders taken promptly, bread, drinks come right away ..and food is served usually in 15 min.  We are good tippers...and quick to order since we have an hour.   However when it now takes 35-45 minutes to get food, even when bar area is not busy, we don't have time to eat.....Too expensive to have to inhale the food and not enjoy a bite.  This never happens when a male coworker joins us....go figure!!  4 Stars for food/1 Star for ServiceI give three stars because service started out okay, it took a tad bit longer for the server to greet us. Once greeted she definitely seemed rushed. The food was very good, as usual. Service just was so detached, the bartender who brought our drinks was better then our server. I know it's a job but she should at least fake it for the sake of her tip, we ALWAYS tip well above 20% so she is lucky to of had us and not one of those $5 tippers. Let me add one of our guest never received their meal, it was boxed to-go; the meal was comped but still you don't go out to eat to take it back home and reheat it.I love the Cheesecake Factory.  HOWEVER, we were celebrating my Mom's birthday and my husband ordered his favorite dish.  Chicken and Biscuits.  This is the only dish he has EVER ordered in Atlanta and here in Charlotte and obviously LOVES IT.  WELL!!!!  They changed the recipe and presentation of the meal.  Before it was served in a lovely deep bowl with delicious chicken, carrots, peas and yummy white sauce between the best biscuits ever.  What did they change it to?  The meal is put on an oblong plate, the chicken and other ingredients are swimming in the gravy which isn't appealing and the kicker, no more biscuits; They now serve muffins.  CHANGE THE MENU PEOPLE TO SAY  Chicken and Muffins.  Our very nice waiter informed us some genius in "Corporate", figures, made the change and they have had complaints.  Well here is mine.  Listen to your customers and your wait staff who inform you what customers like and don't.  Otherwise the meal overall was just ok.I ordered a salad off the "superfood" menu that proclaimed to have a plethora of nutrious goodness and ended up in a bowl fit for three people comprised mostly of iceberg lettuce. Dissapointing. The service was slow, too. However, I also got an avacado tartare, don't remember which fish was used. That was adorable and tasty but it had waaaay too much soy sauce that was not on the side and included hella fattening pita chips, a classic American adulteration of something supposed to be so pure, gah. It was tasty, though.OK, I went in with really high expectations from everything I've heard about this place. We went on a Friday night around 8 and only had about a 15-20 minute wait. We were seated and our waiter seemed very nice at first and told us to take our time and soak in everything. I was amazed at the menu, it had anything and everything you could possibly want and then some.  The fried Mac & Cheese balls were AMAZBALLS and our food was delicious.I was very disappointed with our service though, he started off great, and I don't know what happened, but it seemed like we were bothering him by sitting in his section. He treated the other two tables he was waiting on very different and was super friendly but any time he came to the table we had to request refills on drinks and he just never checked in at all. This was a huge disappointment because like I said I had super high expectations coming in.   Bad Service aside, the Cheesecake is to DIE for!!!!! Oh My Goodness, My husband tried the original cheesecake, but I had to go all in. I got the Chris' Outrageous Cheesecake and let me tell you it did not disappoint.  It was a layer of brownie, topped with a coconut chocolate chip cheese cake, topped with chocolate cake, and if that wasn't fat enough it also had a coconut pecan frosting on it.  Yes it was a completely fat *ss item, but it was so worth it. I would stay on the elliptical all day to have that once a week. Overall it was an ok experience.  The food was AMAZING, but the service was very disappointing. :( I will definitely  give it another try and for sure at least get some cheesecake to go.Im a regular takeout guy, & every time i call its Long time to pickup the phone, understandableThey're busy but it's consistent. Then as of a few months ago they removed the only dish i ordered every time I call!It's the Cheesecake Factory, initially I'm not a big fan because I've been there done that since high school back home in Chicago. However I have a teenager and this place ROCKS to teens so we end up here from time to time unfortunately.When I'm forced to eat here I enjoy the small plates menu items which include the avocado rolls, salmon rolls & mushroom pizza. Our teenager ALWAYS indulge in the Buffalo Blast as an app and chicken tenders with fries as a main course. The hubby alternates between Jamaican Black Bean chicken and the Miso Salmon. I personally LOVE the Miso however this location is off on flavor and the whole Miso experience. It's pretty weird that Grand Luxe Cafe and Cheesecake Factory are owned by the same company. I prefer Grand Luxe as its much more upscale and the food options are better and much more tasty and presented better. Grand Luxe would've been a perfect fit for SouthPark mall, wishful thinking as I'm a Chicago girl and we have it ALL.The dessert choices include the Lemon cake/cheesecake, the red velvet cheesecake and the chocolate cake.Enjoy if you like 1,000's of confusing options and the pain of the mall traffic and long waits without the ability to make reservations.Long, long, wait times, but the food is good. The server I had, Pierre was excellent! The menu prices do seem a bit over priced but let's be honest. The only reason we're going to this place is for the cheesecake :) If they could somehow fix the crazy wait times I would give this place 5 stars. But it's been like that for years now. A great place to go every once in a while.I am usually a Cheesecake Factory fan, but my experience this time was only sub-par.  I arrived at 12:30 pm on Sunday and the wait was over 1 hour.  I realize this isn't the fault of the restaurant, but that time just seemed excessive.  I was actually seated in about 35 minutes.  I ordered the Salmon and Steak Diane combo and asked for the Miso salmon instead of the herb salmon and the server said that would be okay.  They have done it for me in the past and I figured they would do it again.   Well, they brought out my meal with the herb salmon and I was sadly disappointed.  The server seemed a little busy and a bit disheveled. I tried their special salted caramel cheesecake.   It may be my new favorite one.   The cheesecake is work 5 stars, but the service and food brought it down to 3.Not worth the wait...so come mid-afternoon or pick another place. Good food, expansive menu for entrees and of course, pages of dessert choices featuring things other than simply cheesecake. Bar can have VERY irregular service even when the place is empty. Outside dining is great--but place your ENTIRE order or you'll be waiting forever if you want dessert.Me and the wife were in the area and decided to eat here. Arrived about 6:15pm and only waited about 5 minutes for a table for two. Once seated we were greeted by Gregory our waiter. His service was just (OK) but the restaurant was kinda busy. We had calamari for an appetizer, which was pretty good. For dinner the wife ordered a gluten free pasta salad and I had the turkey club. Both were just average. I think The CCF has just become average food period. This was a restaurant I used to look forward to going to, now it's just a compromise.The wait was long on Wednesday night, we were sitting down looking at empty tables for 10 minutes before we were seated. Total wait time was 20 minutes though.The bread they brought to the table was cold and hard and the butter was in individual packages equally cold. The food was good when we got it. I loved the LUAU SALAD. It was so delicious and plentiful. 14.95 is kinda high for a salad but it was worth it.Love the cheesecakes but the line is always so long and every time I call to put in an order, they never pick up.This place is interesting.  Organic products next to crappy over prossessed stuff?  I did think the prices on everyday items was lower than the traditional grocery store.  I was surprised to find that there are no cashiers and everything is self check out.Fresh & Easy is owned by my favorite parent company that is based in the United Kingdom (UK) called Tesco's.Tesco's is the type of place where everything is housed - electronics, food and sometimes furniture....in addition to selling house insurance, car insurance and phone plans.  What else do they sell?  Probably a lot more, but since I relied on buses and trains during my stay in the UK, I never paid attention to that stuff.I was so excited when I heard Fresh & Easy was opening -- I fell in love with Tesco's when we lived in Scotland.  I started dreaming of their pre-packaged meals - chicken tikka masala, buttered chicken and their chili.  I couldn't wait for their selection of yogurts to hit...and I secretly hoped that they would sell BRITISH Cadbury's chocolate, not the american version of Cadbury's.Tesco's has always been known for great bargains, so it's no surprise that people love the fact that they're so cheap. Tesco's relies on freshness of produce and the fact that they're bringing a European way of shopping to the valley.  Since everything is fresh, you can't quite stock up on things and eat them in the next 2 weeks.  Oh nooo...things must be consumed within 2-3 days or it'll go bad...fast.  No preservatives, no additives...nothing.  Just plain natural.  No genetically modified foods.  Unless you purchase the oreo cookies.  ;)Back in the UK, I loved their prepackaged/pre-fab meals because it was so easy to buy and frankly, so cheap. It's one of the things I miss about living in the UK - cheap, healthy pre-packaged food.So I ran to Fresh & Easy and purchased their pre-packaged foods -- butter chicken, mango chicken, chili and rice, some desserts and a slew of other things. (I wish they would have their tesco custard and strawberry trifle...*drools*)  I was a bit disappointed really. I was hoping the food would have more taste, even though I heard a woman raving about the butter chicken.Their prepackaged food really relies heavily on the rice making up for their skimping on sauce and chicken or whatever is supposed to accompany the meal you've purchased.I found Belgian chocolate, but sadly...no british Cadbury's. Been hankering for a Cadbury's Fruit and Nut bar and Cadbury's Milk Chocolate...I shall wait and hope in vain.I gave Fresh & Easy 3 stars because it's a no frills, pared down place; additionally, I'm hoping they will expand their prepackaged food section to include chicken tikka masala and some other british staples that I think will be well received with the American palate.PS -- Whatever you do, stay away from their mint water. I'm not kidding. Stay away from it. It tasted nasty...and my stomach has yet to forgive me for it.LOCATION: Not in a shopping center for once! Stand alone grocer.

-Filet Mignon

The food is smothered with flavor and enjoyable servings.  The biscuits and gravy are delicious.  The booths are comfortable and it is a place made for families.

Husband had NY strip.  Said it was great.Other guest had jalapeño bacon wrapped shrimp and scallops,  said they were really good,  a fraction dry

-No wait

Bakery?  Terrible store baked goods. In this case it's a good thing the dept is so small

- Doctor seems kinda rushed sometimes, not fully focused on you. Not always, but enough. Probably because of the con below.- the biggest con of all - he TRIPLE books his appointments. You book for 1 pm and guess what - 2 other people are booked for the same time. I asked why they do this and was told that they have several exam rooms available so that's why. I said that it isn't fair to people because one of the 3 people booked will likely not be seen until 30 to 40 min past their appt time. It's happened to me before and I couldn't understand it. Especially when I took the time to ask for the first appt. after the lunch break so I could be in and out as fast as possible because of my job.  It is just plain disrespectful to a patient to not respect my time as valuable. I've heard of double booking, but triple booking is not ok in my book.So I would say that this place is ok if you have oodles of time to spend waiting and like being rushed by the doctor after paying good money. Me - I work full time and go to school full time. Wasting my time is not acceptable.I first known of this place from the show man vs food but since the Sahara location is always a bit far from where I normally stay I never really wanted to truck out there. Finally they opened one in Imperial Palace. The place is very modern. Steel walls, booths everywhere, colors are nice.  We had to wait to be seated since the host was never to be found.The menu is basic but with a twist. They have all the fixins you would want in a breakfast menu. I recommend sticking with the breakfast items because THATS WHAT THEY ARE KNOW FOR!  They have everything from scrambles, to hashes, waffles, combo plates galore! What is nice is all the items come with skillet potatoes, fruit and a huge biscuit!I ordered the corn beef hash. I have to admit the portion size was HUGE! I would have shared if Ive known they were that big! Everything was good. Potatoes were a bit dry egg was cold. During breakfast time you can only get scrambled eggs, which was WHACK! Our server was ok. Didnt really check up on us and he kinda took forever with everything. Would I come back? Perhaps but I would I would want to check out the Sahara location to compare the two.My husband and I saw this on the food network. They have very large portions, and a good variety of dishes. Expect to pay a higher price just for breakfast, and about a 30-60 minute wait on the weekends. The food was good, but I wouldn't consider it the best breakfast I've had. I've had much cheaper, and much better.I saw this place on Man Vs Food and he had rave reviews for it.  Since everything you see on TV is true, I decided to stop here this weekend cause I expected delicious food.This location is located in one of the classiest casino and hotels on the Las Vegas strip, the Imperial Palace.  It's Asian motif along with the celebrity impersonators makes it a grade A destination in the 702. It's located upstairs and I heard it's pretty new to the casino.  Definitely looks new.My friends and I waited about 45 minutes to get a table.  I spent the time wisely, winning 60 bucks at the blackjack table.  The place is pretty crowded as they accommodate big parties.  The restaurant is really big as I saw tables and tables of people.The wait for the food took a while, I'd probably say like 25-30 minutes.  For some reason, I fell in and out of hungriness so by the time I got my food, I wasn't as hungry as I was an hour ago. That was really a shame because the portions were pretty damn huge.  When I looked at my friends' faces, they looked as if it was more of a task than a great meal.  I ended  up ordering the Fried Chicken Benedict, which was featured on Man V Food I believe.  It wasn't as good as I expected it to be.  The damn thing was HUGE but there was so much going on with that thing that the flavor's just mashed up and it was like I was eating slop.  Fried Chicken and bacon are two of my favorite things but when they are combined, it's just too rich for me.  There was just too many diff flavors combined into one.  I don't recall any of my friends saying their food was great but maybe everyone was full.  I saved half of the food for later and ate it after a night of drinking. For some reason, that shit still wasn't super appetizing.  Those fries Ray gave me were better tasting!Overall, it wasn't bad but it wasn't great.  If you like big portions, holler at this place.  Honestly, I don't think the wait was worth it but possibly go on a weekday or something and I'm sure the lines will be shorter.I went there after a Saturday afternoon performance of Matsuri (A MUST-SEE!). It was around 5:20pm, and no more than 6~7 tables were in there. But we stood by the podium for at least 3~4 minutes before the hostess noticed us and got us seated.Waited another 10 minutes for the server to come take order or give us water (we were about to leave by now). Got our orders in, waited 10 minutes for water, and 20 minutes more for our dishes (keep in mind they weren't busy. My server was only serving 2 tables including ours).The Food was great. Large portions, nicely plated. The crab cakes were too salty on the outside, but with a little mashed potatoes it was fine.Throughout the entire dining process our server did not come over to ask how things are, or got us any refills for the drinks. We left a 4% tip and was on our way. Next time I will try their other location to see if they're really famous for crappy service or was it just my bad luck.Pros: GREAT food, very large portion and tasty.

I would never eat their Steak and eggs! Somehow they can not make it right. Eventually they are taking it off from the bill, trying to makeup for the mistake. My point is that I don't want free food! I would like to eat a good meal after working 12 hours in my job! We told them that, so we were getting somewhat better food lately. I found the Classic Eggs Benedict very tasty. I like it with country potatoes. Their hash browns are not cooked well enough!

Die vielen Besucher verteilen sich recht gut auf der Anlage. Voll wird es höchstens bei den Schottischen Kronjuwelen. Dort darf man natürlich auch keine Fotos machen!

The appearance of the sauce on the eggs benedict dish does not even resemble its closest cousin, but rather reminiscent of a sinus purge or a remake of the movie "waiting."Do me a favor, do not order that dish at the Good Egg at any cost, no matter how hungry you are, or how many years it's been since you've last had eggs benedict.  There are much safer and appetizing options on the menu.This review concerns newly opened "The Good Egg" visited yesterday for breakfast on Hayden road and Thompson Peak in North Scottsdale by the Fry's marketplace.This place is OK, not too flashy, but OK. Our family of 12 called an hour before for reservations on a busy thursday and managed to get great seating without a wait. The waitress was phenomenal, totally on top of her game and didn't batt an eyelash when she kept being sent too and froo by various sections of the table (we tipped her really well). However, the food was slightly above mediocre. My potatoes were overly cooked, and the sausage tasted wrong. My omlette was also tasting strange and was rubbery. So service was wonderful, but the food was meh.Surprisingly good! Was expecting the typical greasy breakfast platter but they have a variety of selection from healthy egg whites to thick rich gravy. We tried the bisquit w gravy which was pretty tasty. Bacon was ok... Nothing to rave about. Otherwise everything we ordered was good and at the right price. They even leave you a pitcher of water and coffee so you don't have to keep asking the waitress for refills. No wait for seating even on a Sunday for brunch.I can't stand Denny's! My youngest son had explosive dia...never mind -- bad story about a cross country trip and having to stop every 100 miles to find a Walmart and buy underwear.So, this is a great place for breakfast, even for us late risers. Sure, a couple of the waitresses are brain damaged, but the food is good and you get a frequent diner card with every  sixth or tenth meal free. I have two full cards but haven't had a chance to see what the free breakfast includes and which waitress they give me.The Scottsdale location has a mellow collection of conservative republicans and the "Snottsdale crowd" but ignore them and park the dirtiest, most beat up car you can borrow (or have, in my case) next to a Bentley or Mercedes (make sure at least three hubcaps are removed from your vehicle). Then exit the car and walk like you're drunk. Walk behind the other persons car and look at the side. Then shrug and stumble into the restaurant. You can be sure you've perplexed and worried a diner who has watched the entire episode.Fun and good food! What else is there in life?Changing to 3 stars from 2- this time,we went with a  group and service turned out better. Try Caprese and La Vida Loca- tasted great! I had a better experience overall, so i am happy to keep it on my breakfast joint list.Decent breakfast spot, but the service wasn't tip-top, I'm not rushing to go back.... Decently priced tho.Mmmmmmm, breakfast!  Enjoyed a nice skillet (Pueblo, I think it was - something southwestern) and a few bites of a buttermilk pancake.  All was yum in my tum.  My friend had a wheat pancake with straw- and blueberries, and she said it was the best one she'd ever had.  She's kind of a picky eater, so that's pretty good testimonial there.   It's a cute little local chain breakfast eatery.  Have to round down to 3 stars for the pokey service, though.We love The Good Egg. Eat there all the time. However, this last weekend it wasn't as eggcelent as it has been at other locations. The bacado omelette was a little weak on the avocado's and the huevos rancheros seemed not as hooked up as usual. The presentation wasn't Good Egg style i guess you could say. But hey, it was still the good egg and was A-OK.Stopped in at The Good Egg for breakfast on a Saturday around noon.  I appreciated that there were quite a few other folks having a lazy late breakfast.  I had the Florentine Benedict. The size of the hollandaise sauce portion was a little bit overwhelming and a little bit too thick but otherwise tasted fine.  John had the pancakes, which were huge.  He was psyched.  Prices were reasonable for a breakfast place, which in Scottsdale is rare.  Coffee was too weak for me but they leave a big carafe of coffee and a pitcher of water on the table which is kind of nice.  Huge restaurant with plenty of seating.  Country decor but not obnoxious.  There wasn't anything here that I was blown away by but it was totally edible, homey breakfast food.  I'd have no problem eating there again.1. Employees. Mostly nice and attentive. Asked how everything was. Courteous and had pleasant small talk. Probably 4 stars.2. Food. Only one reason for greasy food. Low heat. Only one reason for low heat, Lazy cook. After I blotted by eggs & bacon they we almost acceptable. Only reason for dry taters. Lazy cook. Prepared about 2 hours before my arrival I'd say. I would rate 2 stars. Combined 3 stars.This place isn't perfect, but the things it does right are pretty spot-on in making it a good breakfast place.  The omelettes are bad, the smoothies are pretty dandy, and the breakfast meats are cooked right despite being a bit too rich (as if they were cooked in butter along with the grease from the meat).  However, the burrito with the chorizo (and I swear there were chicharrones in it too) was the ultimate item.  If you only visit this place once, get the breakfast burrito, it will make you want to come back for more, and when you do, get the eggs florentine, you won't regret it.  Oh, and for those who love spicy sauce, they serve and excellent chipotle habanero sauce on the table that you can top your foods off with.  Great thing they also have the misters outside to cool you off on their outside patio.  In other words, eat breakfast here.I went to the Good Egg because we wanted to try so something new for breakfast. The building in this area wasn't very appealing but we went anyway. I ordered an omelette, hash browns wheat toast and coffee. The omelette was flat which I thought was odd since the restaurant is named from an egg. Every omelette I make at home is usually fluffy. The hash browns were good. The pancake my daughter ordered was really big like almost 12 inches. So one is plenty for a smaller stomach. The service was  good and although I would come back in a pinch, I still think Butterfield's Pancake house is much better.I went here for breakfast daily when I was on vacation because of the reasonable prices so that I was able to do some damage at the steakhouses at night!Don't forget to get your patronage card stamped because after a certain amount I think you get a free one.The service was good and the food was Ok but its really hard to mess up breakfast.I actually like the food here. The skillets are good, the pancakes are great, etc... But the silverware and dishes almost always have food stuck on them. It never fails. Someone at the table will have to ask for a new cup, glass, fork, etc. today there was something funky stuck on my cottage cheese bowl. It grossed me out so I didn't eat it. If they could figure out the dishwashing situation this place would be great.Solid 3 stars.  Good pricing, tasty food though slightly lacking in flavor.  Service was friendly and fast.  Maybe it is what I ordered (Wildcat omelet), but I wasn't blown away with flavor.  Would go back to try more of a "sweet" breakfast.I actually like the food here. The skillets are good, the pancakes are great, etc... But the silverware and dishes almost always have food stuck on them. It never fails. Someone at the table will have to ask for a new cup, glass, fork, etc. today there was something funky stuck on my cottage cheese bowl. It grossed me out so I didn't eat it. If they could figure out the dishwashing situation this place would be great.To me, 3 stars means it wasn't terrible, but I would never return on purpose and pay good money to eat there again. There was nothing special about it to me. I had the sausage gravy with biscuit. It tasted good and it was fresh and hot but after a few bites, I was bored with it because it was a huge plate of the same thing which consisted mostly of, well, biscuit. I know, I ordered biscuits with sausage gravy. But I feel like there wasn't much sausage going on. There were specks of sausage like the size of cracked pepper. I felt like all I ate was a plate of white flour. The service was nice, the bathrooms were beautiful, and the place was clean and bright and modern. But when I compare it to Butterfield's or Original Pancake House, it doesn't come close to the quality and authenticity level. It is apparent that this place doesn't make everything from scratch. I know for a fact the others do. So if you want homemade real food, try the others. If you don't mind sausage gravy from a mass distributor, go here.Good food , good service. A bit high priced and sometimes inconsistent in good prep because of new staffWent after the lunch crowd was gone , so not busy. But indifferent food and service. Abandoned by wait staff with shift change. Gravy and biscuits good. My power omelette was  pretty tasteless.Went here for Sunday brunch with my friend yesterday afternoon (September 13).  I was on my way to the airport to fly out later that afternoon, so we wanted to eat somewhere close by, and this place was near to where she lived.When we went in, the place wasn't busy at all, we were seated right away, and the server seemed nice enough.  I requested some warm water and lemon wedges (as I drink warm lemon water in the morning before I eat anything), and the server obliged.  For her main, my friend ordered eggs, potatoes, pancakes, and orange juice, and I ordered the avocado toast with basted eggs.  I asked the server how were basted eggs prepared; she admitted she wasn't sure, and smartly went to ask someone who knew.  She came back and gave me the description (sunny-side up eggs fried on one side, then flipped over and steamed), which I appreciated.  That avocado toast was ON POINT!  It was incredibly delicious and satisfying, with a little bit of lemon squeezed over the top.  YUMMMM!  The basted eggs weren't flavorful enough for me, but a little bit of salt helped out in that area.   Unfortunately, the server forgot to bring my friend her orange juice at the beginning of our service, and she had to flag the server down two or three times to get her attention.  When my friend told the server she forgot her juice, the server was apologetic and brought it to her table ASAP.Overall, it was a decent visit.  If prompted, I would visit here again, but it wouldn't be at the top of my list.Very fresh tasting. I orders the pumpkin spice pancake. And I didn't like it so the waitress nicely took it off my bill. The eggs were really good the potato's a Lil dry but still good. The staff is extremely friendly .its very clean here and comfortable. I'm gonna come back and order something different next time. It smells great in here. I had a nice experience even tho I didn't like the pancake. I was too full from the sides to try a normal pancake but I'm sure there good I just can't eat pancakes any more there too heavy for me in general .I usually swing by for breakfast before school. The place is nice, and they have a great selection of all sorts of breakfast you can get, including the healthy choices which I really appreciate. So far I've had the pineapple pancakes and the traditional breakfast, both cooked to perfection. Staff is nice but not exceptional. Considering that you're next to the Hilton, in the heart of a classy area like Scottsdale road, I would expect a more welcoming and smiley staff. Being totally honest, the first time I walked in, I almost felt sorry...the manager (I suppose he's the manager) is not very personable.I'm willing to change my opinion if I see improvements.Conclusion: 3 stars for food, customer service needs work.I agree with Pamela, this place is not closed.  It just looks like it is.  The chinese restaurant here is decent, and the Mongolian place is delish.I think it hurts that many of the stores have been forced to close, like the Best Buy, but there are great places to visit.Target, Guitar Center, Toys R Us, Home Depot (where we get our Christmas Tree every year), Petco, Ulta, Sports Authority, etc...   Some great stores.It's rumored to get a huge boost when the new D'backs spring training stadium opens.Just another average strip mall in Arizona....but like a lot of the establishments there it will benefit greatly from the new Salt River Fields spring training facility there especially during the month of march when there will be tons of visitors in town for spring training games. While your at the Pavilions though don't forget to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!It's getting better as the new owners remodel and get in some new tenants.It's an old mall and the parking lots desperately need to be updated because they're not logical.  However, despite all that, this is a shopping mall on the rise.  Recent additions Blimpie's, Hooters, and Chipotle have added to the food mix.  Octane Raceway, an indoor/outdoor kart facility will open soon.....and so will Buffalo Wild Wings.I also enjoy coming to the McDonald's car show on Saturdays.  The best and most honest mechanic shop is also here at the Shell station.  My regular, quick lunch stops...Taco Bell, McDonald's, and Filiberto's are here too.This will never be a premium shopping mall....but it's still very enjoyable and functional.Return Factor - 90%Not where you want to head for lunch or dinner if you're looking for flavor or substantive food of any kind.If you're like me, you may find occasion to steer yourself away from greasy burgers or deep fried things, and may end up here from time to time. You won't feel sick afterwards, or anything at all really, because it's just sort of like that. The price goes up at dinner for the same non-descript mass that they serve on the buffet lines, so if you do go, save a couple bucks and hit it up at lunch time.I like this place!  Others have complained that the food is bland, but I beg to differ.  The lunch special is a good (not great) deal for 8 bucks, and the salad toppings are bountiful.  No - you're not going to find extraordinary quality here, but for those days when you can't make up your mind between a few different places - its a good spot.Go for the soups.  There will be six or seven of them, and I suggest you try at least two.  On their menu, they list over 100 different soups that make the rotation and they're creative.  While I've only been here once, the day I visited I found one vegan soup, and two other vegetarian offerings.  All were very good.  My buddy told me the mac n cheese was good, too.My chocolate muffin was great, too, and the frozen yogurt was a nice surprise.  The foccacia was a bland disappointment, but overall - not bad for the price and exceptional when you just can't make up your mind as to what you want to eat - but ya gotta be in the mood for soup...Pretty good buffet, quality was decent.  The day I visited they were missing some key produce due to supply issues.  Good service.I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants in general - but I do think Sweet Tomatoes offers a real value in "fast food". Sure the circa 1980's salad bar atmosphere is nothing to speak of, but their overall selection, quality, and freshness is impressive for the price.I knew Sweet Tomatoes was a pretty major chain, and I've visited other locations before, but I just learned that there are 112 restaurant locations in 15 states... that's pretty huge!  This location happens to be a lunchtime favorite for my friend Kathy L, since it's close to our office, so we headed over here recently for a filling, somewhat healthy, affordable lunch... bonus: Kathy brought coupons that she found online which discounted each of our meals to just $6.99!We both stuck primarily to the salad bar although I have to admit, the soups, potatoes, pasta, pizzas, breads, muffins, and ice cream were pretty appealing as well.  So, the lettuce is a tad bit watery, but the buffet has plenty to choose from and everything is fresh, chilled, and kept clean.  Staff is friendly as well...This place is not for anyone looking for a classy place to dine, but if you're hungry and looking to eat on the cheap in a casual environment, Sweet Tomatoes to the rescue!Have been going to Sweet Tomatoes over the years and it has always been good.  Good selections, fresh quality and attentive staff.  However my complaint is they keep raising the price.  We were there recently for lunch and it was almost $9 per person and now they have added an additional charge for certain salad toppings!!!  Really?  So you must make a decision about your toppings that could add an additional $5 to your lunch choices.

First time I went to krazy fish (soon after first opening) this place gave me a great plate (burrito/ roti ) great service along with a side of passion.Over the past year I've gone back a few times and none of that was even"sort of" delivered.

Came here recently with a large group- our server only took orders for 1/2 of the table- and it took over 30 minutes to get her to come back to take the rest. Literally 30 minutes of arm waving, which then turned into finger snapping (which I know is rude) and then eventually we went up to the bar to see if we could place an order there, which the rude owner said NO that we had to wait for our server(bullshit). We were about to call in and place a to go order at this point. Our entire table had their food and were pretty much done eating by the time we finally flagged her down. At that point, she told us it would still be a few minutes.

Nous y étions pour un brunch mais nous avons plutôt pris une bonne dose de sucre.

- Expect to leave happy you experienced it, but somewhat disappointed.That's all folks!Share was just ok. This is definitely a gay bar. The bouncer said there "were more lesbians than normal" on the night we went and we were still one of maybe 10. With that being said, the drinks were over priced and the bartenders weren't friendly. I understand it's Vegas and your expected to pay more, but it's pretty far from the strip and nothing too special. I've definitely been to more exciting gay bars...If you are from LA this club is bleh, hard to compare it to the LA clubs. But if you are from other parts of the country you will probably enjoy it if you don't have good gay clubs around you. I went there just to see drag Britney and she was wonderful! I did wish the performance was a full hour like the real Britney but she was great. The drinks are not as expensive as the clubs on the strip.One of only 2 big gay dance clubs here.  They tout how they have no cover,, but I found it included in the price of the drinks.  yeah yeah its Vegas..  But its not on the strip.. and its on a street that's mostly what seems to be office buildings.  weird.     Not saying you won't have a good time,, but definitely get drunk before hand.Crave is those clubs that's hit and miss on a wide scale. I feel like it's the club for gay tourists to Vegas. From past experiences, all locals go to piranha. On a popping night, the music and the vibe is really good. Also, the strippers are probably the hottest here. The drinks are a bit expensive, but it's Vegas. The layout of the dance floor is a little funky. They have tables on the dance floor for VIP service which is good and bad. Good: the strippers are dancing right behind you. Bad: you're too close to the dance floor you're only separated by ropes. They do have a second floor and it's mostly hip hop and non pop/top 20 music. Overall it's a good gay club for tourists and you'll have fun and get drunk and tip away.I came here on gay pride weekend of 2014 as a single man. Although i met up with some guy and had a good time it wasn't really the best club there is. It was packed i have to say which is always a good thing. Since it was pride weekend there was a relatively good amount of men and a wide range of types of men. Overall it was cool but not the best.Charged a cover, because apparently only locals get in for free. The $10 cover did include a drink ticket so not too bad. Good sound system and DJ the night we went. Lots of drug use going on in various corners, which is not my thing. Easy ride to/from Vegas Strip.I guess Thursday nights are their new Latin nights. It was so dead you could hear a pin drop with the music on blast. lol jk. It was dead though. It's out off the strip and don't be surprised when you get that feeling that the Taxi Driver will kill you and dump your body somewhere because Share is in a very dark area; looks a bit sketchy too. I always find it a bit odd when they try to sell bottle service at gay clubs; aint nuttin classy about a gay club where guys are in tank tops and just trying to score a bj in the bathroom. I had loads of fun dancing by myself, while my buddies were enjoying their drinks on the sidelines. One thing that really annoys me is when the bartenders charge different prices. This time, the bartenders charged different prices for each of us. 3 different people, same drinks, same prices. Also, same drinks, same bartender, same person, different price. There's no consistency or regulating this. The drinks were strong, which is always a good thing. I was have Redbull Vodkas for the most part of the night.Some guy found me on Grindr and offered free entry on a night with $10 cover. This granted us an option of a $30 all-you-can-drink wristband or a free drink.Go for the wristband. I live in San Francisco, where a $4 well drink has the effect of about 8 drinks at Share. Bartenders were kinda... meh. I mean, drinks came pretty fast, but they sucked, and the guys serving them didn't have fun personalities.The gogos... were they even gay? Beautiful bodied men who had absolutely no game, or dancing chops. Sort of lazily shaking their asses and asking guys if they want private shows. The GIRLS though! Yes! So much great energy. Share managers: I spent $5 tipping your girl dancers and a bartender for my free drink. The rest of my drinks came from my friend, who bought a wristband. Do something.... different if you want people to spend a bunch. Make it more welcoming? Fun? You have so many guys on staff - tell them how to be friendlier and build a community. Find more fun events to throw. Omg. Change the decor upstairs. Looks like an office.Fun environment, good service.If you are tired of high prices for average drinks, then this is another place to bring a flask to. I did not see a single tap and the beers are kinda standard; nothing to exciting and prices just over reasonable.Been there 3 times and the bartenders are attentive and helpful. One bartender accidentally gave me too many beers in a bucket and other other politely explained to me that "she gave you an extra, enjoy it and don't worry, but I didn't want you to be surprised when there is 1 less next time." This is a situation that makes guest service snobs like me very proud to give an establishment by business.I've been here twice and I am going to start going more often...So, I am updating from 4 to 3 stars and seeing Underworld can earn 1 or 2 more.Pros: It is a fun place, well decorated, with a great sound system and hosting cool events... such as the Wednesday Late Night KILL OR BE KILLED Comedy Show and cool local music.Cons: Uninspired selection, unfriendly service and prices that change depending on who you order from.Check it out for yourself and give it a chance.

If only the patrons had let me have my bathroom time in peace, rather than banging on the door cuz it took me a bit longer than it should have.

It's quite a nice location so I guess an OK stop when you are touring with visitors and not on a budget, but I will try to stretch out my hunger and thirst next time and go somewhere else!Jamba Juice is great for a quick smoothie meal when you are on the go and don't want to stop for a messy burger or fries. I was on my way from Job A to Job B on a Friday night and stopped here to grab a smoothie for dinner. My two favorite are Caribbean Passion and Peach Pleasure. Go for the "middle size" at 32 ounces,16 oz is just never enough when I'm making this smoothie my "dinner" :) I didn't have to wait, there were two behind the counter, one rung me up while the other started my order. Friendly, quick, consistent product. Wish there were more Jamba's in the Valley!I'm from the PNW, so I guess I'm not as impressed when a tag says "Made in PDX". The clothing, although cute, is not made for any kind of wear. I purchased 2 t-shirts and a hoodie from here (spent well over 100.00) and all 3 garments are unraveling at different seams. Not cute...especially when I really really liked what I had purchased. The chotskis, cards and decorative items are adorable. Much of my house is decorated with items that are very similar...that I have purchased at art fairs, farmers markets and the like in Seattle and Portland. I'm sure mid-westerners are very happy and dazzled with the handcrafted items, but since I know the "street value" if you will, I will just wait until I go back home to get my fix.New  Year...time to get the eyes checked.  I can walk to this location, I can set my appointment online and I can get my exam taken care of for $10.Friday morning, 9:50 AM, I arrived for my appointment.  On parking and walking in, I gave my name to front desk chickie.  She handed me various paperwork.  I sat and answered questions.  10 AM, I brought the completed paperwork to the desk.  Before I got back to the chair, I was being called.  The lady I came to discover was the salesperson gestured for me to join her.  She brought me to the observation room, had me look into a computer, asked a few questions and left.Dr. Kesner, one of several docs available onsite, opened the door and came in.  He introduced himself, asked if my holidays had been good, and asked if I was ready to start.  He explained what the computer had read, and asked if I had any special needs or requests.  I handed him my glasses, which weigh all of 7 grams ( 1/4 of an ounce) and told him my frames needed to be as close to the same weight or lighter.  I have no bridge in my nose (steering wheels and noses don't mix) and these are the only pair light enough to sit on my nose and not slip down.We looked through various lenses at different eye charts and then the dread pupil dialation.  Drops went in, then looking at lights while doc stared at the back of the eye.  Conversation about what happened to the left eye (same accident) and how everything looked on the back of my eye.After, doc suggested I get nonglare coating on my next pair of glasses.  He handed me off to Saleslady, who walked with me to a station near the glasses.  I handed my glasses over and told her the same thing I told the doc.  She presented me with 3 pair of frames, 2 heavier than I wanted, and one that was the same weight.  Pricing all three out, the heavier frames were about $100 less than the lightest.  Between polycarbonate lenses and UV tint, after my benefit from the insurance, I was looking at $300 for a pair of glasses.  As Saleslady presented the numbers, she must have seen my face change.  Her tone went from 'we've got just what you want' to 'don't tell me you are not buying' before I could say thank you, but I will be purchasing at another location.Doc was outstanding, very satisfied with that part of the visit.  The sales side...well...it is probably commission based, so those folks are going to push everything they can sell toward anyone who they get to push it at.  Hearing the change in the tone of the Saleslady's voice was kind of harsh.I will go back for my eye exams...and I will go to Costco for affordable frames and lenses.  Granted, Costco does not have 1 hour service...but for 1/3 the price of 20/20, I can wear my old ones until the new ones arrive.I'm a huge fan of Coffee Tree Roasters for their unique ambiance and great beverages. I thought I would stop by their new Bakery Square store to catch up on email between meetings. The Apple Chai Latte was amazing with all of the flavors of fall in one cup. I highly recommend it.My biggest disappointment was the Buffalo Chicken Wrap I bought to help tide me over before dinner. There was no price on the packaging or in the cooler case. I was shocked to find it was $6.50. I am willing to spend that kind of money for a wrap in most cases. However, this wrap didn't make the cut.This seems like a really cool place with the floor to ceiling windows that roll-up when the weather is nice.  Nevertheless, I give this place 3 stars for a couple reasons.  First, the hot chocolate (my drink of choice) was a bit dull tasting.  Second, finding seating when the weather sucks is difficult.  I hear the coffee lovers do enjoy this place though.  Check it out and see if it's for you.I have mixed feelings about coffee tree roasters. On the one hand I really like that they roast their own beans and that they are fresh. On the other I don't feel those beans are top notch. Other coffee shops might buy other roasters beans but they are a higher quality and just plain taste better.The locations that I have visited are pretty cool and feel comfortable but I can't get past that there are better coffee shops around the burgh if you take the time to look.CTR is your Pittsburgh-local Starbucks alternative. They roast their own beans which is great, but my own impression is that they've been at it for so long that they're stuck in the prescribed-profile roasting philosophy. That may be a misconception, but when/wherever I see a Dark Roast option, I get that impression. Plus, they seem to be roasting in larger bulk that I would expect one to be able to produce using a true-to-bean method. [Stepping down off my coffee high horse] This location in particular is a great stop if you're racing out of Pittsburgh on Penn Ave trying to hit the turnpike before rush hour or waiting for your wife to finish her business at Anthropologie [ you know, like you do ].I like this location of CTR. I like stopping by after I go to the gym (if I am lucky enough to get a parking spot) or before a Trader Joes run. Their coffee is fine, as are their lattes. Nothing spectular. But, during the winter, the Hot Apple Grogge is divine! The worst part about this location is the parking situation. It seems ridiculous to have to park in a parking garage when you just want to grab a quick coffee. People never pay attention/obey the hybrid parking signs, so even when I am driving my hybrid, I still normally can't get a decent parking spot.They do have a selection of gluten free options, which is nice.  They carry Umpqua oatmeal as well as some gf bars and a few treats from Gluuteny.This place is not my favorite CTR, and CTR coffee is not my favorite; therefore, by inductive reasoning I can't give this branch more than 3 stars (is that right?).  Anyway, this branch is located in the beautiful Bakery Square and the building is unique in that it is its own separate entity right dab in the middle of the parking lot.  Once inside, the shop itself feels very open, which feels odd in a coffee shop because there are no cool nooks and crannies to nestle into to find your own zone for working or chillaxin with peeps. That being said, the people here are very nice and the coffee is pretty good. Worth a stop in if you're to/from the gym here or doing some shopping.Nice little coffee shop in Bakery Square. I just ordered a decaf to go while I shopped. I was a little intimidated by all the techies typing furiously on their devices.Am I the only one who gets really annoyed that they only offer 2-hour free wi-fi? I get no coffee shop wants people who only gets one drink for the entire day, but really? So far as I know, no other coffee shops have this kind of 2-hour limit on using their free wifi except CTR. I work from coffee shops a lot. Usually if I have to stay for a relatively long period of time, I will keep purchasing drinks or snacks every a few hours or give extra tips to keep the owners profitable from my stay. I hate to use the store's wifi for nothing. But when this CTR says they only have free wifi for 2 hours, I'd rather use my personal hotspot and pay evil ATT for internet access than make a purchase at the coffee shop. I know that you can always ask the baristas for password if your 2-hour expired, but yeah, another hurdle to jump.I really enjoyed stopping here on this rainy morning with a friend.  The chairs/loveseat by the fire place were nice. (would have been nicer lit, but we didnt ask..they probably would have turned it on if we had asked).  The coffee was good. I had the special "lucky irishman" which was perfect.  My friend had a plain latte and enjoyed it. The ONLY downfall for this place is the espresso machine sounds like the mothership is landing right on top of us.  It was so loud my friend sitting two feet from me speaking louder than average was not audible at all.Other than this small but important detail: a very very nice place to enjoy good coffee!This is a great place...if you are a Habs fan, however if you are a general hockey fan, you might be slightly disappointed.  You can walk the entire exhibit in about 30-40 minutes and that's if you read every single thing.  It's very small compared to the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto.  I guess that is kind of expected as this is the Candiens Hall of Fame. However, I did learn some interesting facts such as:-The "H" in the Canadiens logo stands for 'hockey' not 'Habitants'. -Back in the olden days, rookies had to sleep on the upper car of the train, which I can imagine would be quite dusty while the veterans got the coveted lower compartments. -Looking at the captains of the Habs, it's quite sad that it has gone from legends such as Serge Savard, Henri Richard, Bob Gainey and deteriorated to Brian Gionta.  I'm not even a Habs fan and it's just depressing.  Anywho, I digress.  Some things I liked:

-Very impressive looking!

- Tamale Store : pretty damn tasty tamalesi'm glad we got there early so that we were able to fill ourselves with delicious food and minimal wait line times. as soon as the place started getting packed, it became very apparent that we needed to get out of there. too many elbows in the face and people stealing chairs right out from under you. all in all a decent event but not sure if i would do a repeat.The event was fun due to having friends around and the drinks.  The food was ok.  I was expecting a little bit more in the types of foods available.  If these were voted the "Best of Phoenix" well I think there needs to be a re-vote. More signs are needed to where to go and how the lines work, it was confusing.  The line to will call was pretty long and going slowly.  None of the staff was friendly just stressed. Having non food or drink tables was weird especially mixed with the food tables.  Also, one of the tequila tables could not tell me the difference in the selections and really unfriendly. The crowd was a mix of who's who, foodies and very pretentious couples.  To those couples, you spent less than $100 to be at the event, seriously look in the mirror before you go out, no need to be so snobby to people.  Not enough tables to eat at or you had to eat with people who just ignored you when you tried to start a conversation.Would I go again?  Possibly.  It was at the Biltmore , really nice place and "upscale" however, really didn't feel like a party nor upscale to other events I've gone to with the similar theme.This is my regular park. It is in my neighborhood and has a decent running path. I love that it has a well-defined loop.  Great b-ball court and just overall nice open space.What I REALLY dislike. The city allows frisbee teams to use the park. However, the traffic is awful on these days. Most of these people do not live in our area and do not care about driving slow, safely and keeping an eye out for neighborhood children.  The park is pretty much unusable by local residents on days like this.North Star Park is a neighborhood park. Don't expect anything fancy - it's mainly just a large, grassy area in the middle of a subdivision. There is a basketball court and some playground equipment, but the main attraction is just a nice, open area to hang out in. My boyfriend and I ended up there on graduation weekend when we wanted to enjoy some time in the sun but didn't want to brave the Terrace or other over-populated venues.The park was almost totally dead - there was one family by the playground but that's it. It offered a nice and relaxing afternoon where we could play some music and not feel like we were disturbing anyone. Things keeping the park from getting over three stars are that there are no bathroom facilities (so many parks lack them, which is awkward if you're there for any length of time) and it's very exposed - both in that there's no shade and that you're surrounded by houses. I can't knock North Star for what it is, but we'll probably keep an eye out for some more foliage-heavy spots in the future.North Star Park is my regular, neighborhood park. Many of the locals in Grandview Commons call it the "Purple Park" because it features a play area painted almost entirely purple.There isn't much foliage or any real shade around the park, which seems to be a huge problem with the parks in this area. You may find yourself caught out in the heat with no where to hide if you're out for a run or with the kids.The outer perimeter of the park is surrounded by prairie grass, which sets the park apart from the rest of the neighborhood and keeps it contained. I do not recommend letting pets or children in this grass because deer ticks are heavy this time of the season. There is also an adjacent forested area. There have been several coyote and fox sightings in the area lately so be careful with small kids and pets when it gets dark.Most of the park is just a large open green space. The large open space is great for kite flying, playing frisbee, football, soccer, etc. Unfortunately, the park is missing a few things that I appreciate such as a large running trail, drinking fountains, and sufficient trashcans.Like most Madison parks, dogs are not allowed. Tickets have been given out so please keep your dog leashed and contained to the outer perimeter. Despite this rule, I have noticed several people with their larger dogs off leash using the park to exercise.The park isn't the best, but it's a large neighborhood park that you can have a nice afternoon at. I just wish they would plant more trees along the path and near the play area.This is the former Super Mex, just rebranded.The menu is pretty much the same. If there are differences, they are slight and I didn't notice. Same goes for the prices. There is a current Groupon running, which is $11 for $20 worth of food. That makes this place a viable lunch option if I want Mexican food at a decent value other than Roberto's.Came here for a quick cheap lunch with el novio. Purchased the Groupon and in we went. There was no one to greet us and there was no one in the dining room so we went into the bar and were told by the bartenders to sit wherever we wanted.. Decided on a comfy booth in the bar area and then shortly after a server brought over some menus. After ordering our food we decided on some happy hour dranks. The server told us the Groupon can not be used on Happy Hour.. which is the same as everywhere else but most places will just open a separate check for you.. Not here. That was fine though because I just made by man go to the bar and get our drinks there LOL How can you pass up $1 bud light and $2 margaritas?!!?-I got the shredded Baracoa salad which comes in a taco shell and is really delicious! Lots of fresh avocado and they don't use cheap lettuce.

- The flower tub girls....CONS:

3. Pasta

- The whole time we stayed there (several days), we never had hot water in our shower.  DISAPPOINTING!

It also comes with sour cream, guacamole, cabbage and pickled carrots.

Don't get me wrong it is good but for $55 .....nah. Not for me.Perhaps $35

The buffet was not crowded early in the evening.The service was fine, the food was O.K.

plus, i'm just not into going to such larger than life concerts to see a band i'm into. unless you can spring the $100 for front row seats (they have open lawn and covered, ticketed seats) you inevitably end up straining to get a peak at either a tiny dot bathed in red light, or watch the giant screen...and watching a television screen at a live show really, really negates the whole idea of a live show, now doesn't it?

- Stayed in the West Tower (newly renovated).  Room was VERY CLEAN. - Got 2 free buffet passes for the kids.

The drunken noodles were definitely drunk in oil.I don't know if I'd go out of my way to come here again but if I'm in the area it may be considered.

We were greeted and promptly sat at a table that had a place card wishing me a happy birthday (very nice touch.) We ordered drinks and ordered. I had tuna poke and my wife had lobster dumplings. Both were fantastic and got my hopes up for the entree. My wife had a filet and I ordered the macadamia nut mahi mahi. My wife's filet was spot on although the whipped potatoes and veg were pedestrian. My mahi on the other hand was terrible. I know, I live hundreds of miles from fresh fish but still. The mahi was cooked until every molecule of water was cooked out. Not only did the fish not flake, it turned into dust (that might be a slight exaggeration but still, it was dry as this god forsaken desert that I live in.)

 Pass on the flatbreads!5 stars for ambiance.. but 0 for service. (yes yes, I know that averages to 2.5, but I'm rounding to 3 because I'm optimistic!)

Also im sure my waitrr was on something, which was typical given the areaOj tasted funny- not fresh

It was not the best margarita. Maybe its' because I make my own with fresh squeezed lime juice, I make my own simple syrup and I add a Grand Marnier floater. This was lacking. I didnt taste any alcohol at all. Boooooo!

  Children 5 years - 8 years $17.99

Side note, the Craftsteak in Los Angeles was a better experience.I have not been here yet, but we have reservations in July. Just wanted to let people know that if you are planning to go see Ka, you can call the show's box office and have them book a dinner package to Craftsteak. It's the cost of the show tickets plus $39 per person for the Chef's tasting menu. Considering the cheapest tasting menu is $110, that's a really good deal! We didn't see this advertised anywhere on the MGM website... the lady we got on the phone just happened to mention it after we bought our Ka tickets and we were like, heck yeah... add the dinner pkg! I'm hoping we don't get crappy service because we booked the dinner package for such a discount. Will update after I go!oh Tom Colicchio, you're my favorite judge on top chef - always wise, honest and eloquent. when i see you on tv i want to give you a hug and eat your food... but now that i've done the latter i no longer want to do the other!i must admit we had really high expectations for the food. the bread was awesome (prolly ate too much of it), split a lobster bisque which was yummy, but my husband's $100+ wagyu steak was totally meh, even my filet mignon was juicier! i guess having eaten kobe beef in japan we're a bit spoiled. you think "ok wagyu's gonna be alittle junker" but it's like they shouldn't even be related! to be honest i think my husband makes better steak at home. the $300 bill didn't help. sorry Tom, but how could you?p.s. i added 1 more star because of the excellent service, which was truly top notch.I really wanted to like this place more. But after being packed into the restaurant like sardines and ordering what can only be described as obscenely priced steaks, I had to reconsider.First off, this place is BUSY. I guess the famous name helps. But in all seriousness, I love my steaks. The thought of a juicy wagyu steak was like a foodgasm and the wait was worth it.We thought about doing the tasting menu, but for two people, that seemed like a ridiculous amount of food. After observing those around us who did partake, it indeed was the right decision. We settled on sharing the substantially sized wagyu ribeye ($105) and the kale/bacon side to accompany. The steak came to the table presliced medium rare with a reduction sauce on top to pair. Without question, the quality of meat was exceptional. It literally melts in your mouth. Chewing, while civilized, is not necessary. The flavor was... disappointing. Given previous experiences with wagyu and especially with the price tag associated, I expected a symphony of taste. Instead, it was a 3-piece orchestra. To be fair, it was a damn good 3-piece orchestra. When observing the cost-taste analysis, I think I would've rather had 2 regular ribeyes. That's really the reason for the 3 stars. Now if I were eating dinner on the company dime, 5 stars, no question. But alas, paying for the meal with my own hard earned money - the whole experience has to be taken into consideration.Pros - as indicated in other reviews, lobster bisque is amazing, husband and I did a "for two" rib-eye and the flavor was awesome; ours was served with wild mushrooms.  Wine list incredible and had a scotch list my hubby was quite impressed with.  Even though I know bread shouldn't be eaten before a big dinner... couldn't help myself... that good.  But didn't come here for the bread!  Cons - I knew it was pricey going in... just was hoping I could justify it by everything else. There were little things that stopped it from being an over the top experience... servers were condescending and intimidating.  For the ribeye, meat was chewier than I expected.   We were lucky enough to score a booth against the wall facing the entire restaurant so had privacy but could readily see how if you were a table of two seated in the middle it would be noisy.  We went at 9pm and it was packed.  I had higher hopes for Tom C's place and would have to say there are other places in Vegas to go for a steak where you aren't dropping $250-$300.it's going to be hard to take Tom's criticism seriously on Top Chef after eating here. I mean, don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad but it was far from special or amazing in anyway. The service was decent, the food was good but nothing new was introduced to my palate and definitely nothing was worth writing home about.with so many places to eat in Vegas, i don't see myself going back to CraftSteak.Had a few friends visiting from out of town this weekend, so we decided to get together for dinner here.  The Better Half & I have been here once back in July 2007.  We didn't really care for it then, but decided to give it another shot.I ordered the Filet & she ordered the Salmon.  The table split a bunch of side dishes; Fries, Creamy Potatoes, Spinach, Mushroom & Peas Risotto, Asparagus, Potatoes Au Gratin.  My Filet was cooked to my liking, but it was underwhelming.  The flavor was good, but it was missing "something"....it didn't make me want more.  Wifey enjoyed her Salmon, but said it wasn't great.  The sides were underwhelming too....the Potatoes Au Gratin were very runny, the highlight was the Fries.I split a Buffalo Mozzarella Salad with a friend of mine for an Appetizer & it was too soft & runny for my tastes.The best part about dinner was the wine.  We had a Magnum of 2005 Faust Cabernet Sauvignon, which was excellent!  It had a nice bold flavor and had hints of Blackberry & a slight peppery taste to it.  It went well with the steak.Overall, the experience was underwhelming.  Certainly not worth the $355 for Wifey & I.  We've had much better dinners for much less.Will we return?  Unless someone else pays for it, probably not.If you want a really good steak, this may not be the place for you. After hearing such great reviews on Yelp for CS I was shocked how my food was prepared. Here is what my girlfriend and I ordered:2 - Bone in Rib Eye (Medium Rare)

All in all I wouldn't give my left arm to come here again.Love the German style dining roomBeing a beer lover, I had to try this place on a recent visit to Pittsburgh.  The restaurant is German themed, with a large beer garden where you eat at communal picnic tables. There is also an indoor area that is much less charming.  If you are reserving a table, be sure to specify if you want the beer garden.On the night of our visit there was a German accordion band playing, which provided a lot of (kind of corny) entertainment though it was a bit loud. The band obviously has a few fans who come regularly wearing their t shirts and at times get up to dance to the music.The beer was good, I especially liked the Penn Weizen.  We tried a few others that were ok but not memorable.  As to the food, the fresh pretzel with beer cheese was a good starter. For the entrees I would recommend the Polish Hill Plate, which came with kielbasa, perogies and sauerkraut. This item was  far better than the breaded pork schnitzel which I found to be greasy and too large a portion of meat. The sides of applesauce and red cabbage were only so so.Overall, a fun evening, I think that one visit will be enough, but we enjoyed it for what it was.Oktoberfest is here and this is a great time to try out Penn Brewery.  I have only been once since the Brewery reopened under new ownership and so glad they did. Their beers are delicious and highly recommend the Oktoberfest-a great fall beer.  Their Pumpkin Roll Ale is going to be released starting in mid October and I am looking forward to trying this new brew.  It rained the entire night for Oktoberfest but with the tents in the parking lot we were lucky to stay dry. We ate outside instead of insideso we did not order off the regular menu. The outdoor food choices were limited but what they did serve was tasty and perfect with the Oktoberfest. I highly recommend the German potato salad-one of my favorites since it isn't mayonnaise based. I also tried the pulled pork sandwich and bratwurst which was equally as good.  If you do decide to go to Oktoberfest (usually held the last two weeks in September) go early to get a table and beat the crowds.  Parking is very limited so this will ensure a good spot.The menu is cool. I got the Chicken pirogues that were stuffer with a chicken and buffalo mixture and topped with a blue cheese sauce. It looked like a mess but tasted good. I also had what I thought to be one of the most different items on a menu in a long time Kielbasa Rueben.  The sandwich was just okay. I would have like to taste more of the kielbasa the bread was very over powering. There was also a potato pancake in the middle but couldn't really taste it much. Place was nice inside and I would go back and recommend it to a friend.I had a Groupon for Penn Brewery, and was excited to check it out. I forget the type of beer I ordered, but it tasted like Miller Lite. My boyfriend's beer wasn't great either, so that was disappointing. We ordered a stuffed pepper appetizer, which was really good. The peppers were spicy and it was smothered in flavorful tomato sauce and a lot of cheese. I ordered the schnitzel sandwich. It came topped with a dressing, slaw mixture, and pickles, yet it lacked flavor. The schnitzel itself needed salt or some other seasoning! The German potato salad was pretty good--I've had better and worse. I would go again with friends for a good time, but not for the food or beer.I have eaten and drank at the penn brewery twice.  The service is subpar.  On our most recent visit, our waiter took our drink and food orders and then simply never returned until the food was served- quite a long time later. Considering that this is a brewery it would have been nice to be able to order a second round of drinks.  We love craft beer and were looking forward to trying several of the offerings.  Better service would have increased our enjoyment of this brewery.The food was much better than the beer.  I had the filet served over noodles and my husband the sausage platter with German potato salad.  I thought mine was very good and he absolutely loved his.  The prices for the meals were reasonable.We did not think the beer to be anything special. It was fine but there are many breweries in and around pittsburgh that brew a higher quality beer.The beer and atmosphere were both excellent. However, I ordered the pork lion and the gravy was so salty. The meat would have been amazing if the gravy wasn't so salty. Also, the waitress we had seemed annoyed with us, which I found a bit rude. I really do enjoy their beer, but next time I think that I will sit at the bar because the bar tender was super friendly and nice.Enjoyed the sampler of the 10 beers they had on tap.

Friday: 8am - (no closure)

-Soy glazed steak was tasty, and the tempura shitakes accompanying it were very good.

The Vanilla Iced Coffee tasted weird

The set came with 2 fingers, fries, "veggies" and a Draco Biscuit.The Draco Biscuit was nothing more then a deep fried biscuit or roll. it's texture closely resembled bread so deep fried roll i guess. Didn't have too much flavor to it, also didn't have an oil taste so that's a huge plus."Veggies" a sauce container filled with pickled carrots, still crunchy with a bit of a vinegar tang to it. Fries, uh....salted....The garlic Parmesan seasoning wasnt too bad, lots of cheese and heavy garlic flavor. Plenty of other flavors to try out but with Shane's Rib Shack a few stores down it'd be a while until i try this place out again.it's no wing stop and I must say it's not a rip off of wing stop... here you will find large wings with a twist..... the sauce is not like what you might find at most places.After reading all the reviews I decided to give The Pampered Pinkie a try. While they are all very sweet and made me feel welcome, I have to say, I wasn't impressed with the work. I had gel nails and a pedicure. The chair wasn't comfortable to have a pedicure. I couldn't relax my legs at all, using my strength to hold them up. Defeated the purpose. I wasn't offered a scrub of any type. I wasn't offered anything extra. It being my first time there, I didn't know the process. My gel manicure? Wow! While the girl doing them was very sweet, my nails ended up looking horrible. The next day, I went somewhere else to have them redone. I paid $100.00 with a tip for an eyebrow wax, gel nails and a pedicure. Way too much for what I got and didn't feel pampered at all.I'm giving three stars because they were friendly and the shop was cute. But I will not return. If I'm paying this much money, I truly want to be pampered.While the customer service was excellent, i was disappointed in my pedicure. They had less nail polish colors to choose from than other places I have been. Then i sat in a cushy chair, which was nice but I would rather be in a massage chair. & instead of a bubbly foot bath I had a little tub of soapy water. The thing that really turned me off though was that instead of a foot rest, i had to put my feet on the gal's lap while she gave me the pedicure. I didn't like that & felt it wasn't vary stable for some of the delicate work they do. then when i asked for a design i found out they were not very experienced at nail art.So despite that fact that the ladies there were super nice, i won't be back.For some reason I keep coming back for more and more. I've returned at least 3 times since originally yelping about PaM. That's probably because even after the few snafu's I've had here, the pizza is really good. Probably my favorite take-out pizza. The calzone issue was resolved; it was simply a misprint on their menu. 3 out of 5 for now, though very close to being a 4.Great crust, sauce and cheese. Service was good, but it had to be because this place is f'ing tiny so we sat next to the kitchen door and they had to walk by us every 30 seconds.The parts I didn't care for.---No booze, sure you could BYOB, but that's a hassle sometime.

hey and young, screw u! i see that review down there!After reading all of the raving reviews on Yelp, I couldn't wait to have Camelback Moving handle my move from Ahwatukee to Cave Creek. I must say that the move went pretty smoothly, the movers were top notch and a class act, and there was practically nothing broken in the move. So, you're probably wondering what is up with the three star rating? My only issue, and this case it was a pretty "expensive" issue, was the fact that they way underestimated the cost of my move. I called their office to inquire about a quote and I was expecting that someone would be coming to my home to assess the situation and give me a quote. Instead, I was asked several questions about the size of my house, how many rooms, how many pieces of furniture, etc, etc. It was concluded that my move would cost approximately $1700 including packing materials. I indicated that I suspected I had more stuff than the average Joe, yet I was told that they do this every day and that this would be approximately what the total would be. Just to clarify, they charge hourly, not by the job so this was an estimate based on the number of people that they thought it would take to do the job. I asked, "so if I budget $2000 for this move, would it be safe to say the cost won't exceed that?" The reply was, "you will absolutely be safe with that budget." That said, I booked the move and we were off and running. So, moving day rolls around and the movers show up right on time. There were three men on the job. We walked the house and they indicated that the three should be able to have everything packed in one day as planned. So, I left the house and went to work. I get a call at about noon that it's been determined that I have more "clutter" than they were expecting and that it would take another 2-3 guys and another full size truck to complete the move on schedule. Because I had to be out of the house the next day, I agreed and had the additional movers come over. They worked until about 7pm and the cost for day 1 was about $1700. Keep in mind, everything still has to be moved to my new house. The plan for day 2 was to have 3 guys but again because I have so much "clutter" they had to send more people. I won't drag out the details of day 2 but they didn't finish unpacking until about 11pm and the cost for day 2 was another $1700. So, the total was something like $3600 because I had also put down a deposit. They ended up giving me a few hundred dollars off because they missed the mark by only a few thousand dollars but it was better than nothing. Aside from the cost being twice as much as I had planned on, I really don't think it's appropriate to use the word "clutter" when you're talking about someones home and their possessions. When I hear the word "clutter" I think Sanford & Son. Trust me, my family and I don't live like Sanford & Son. Yes, we have a lot of stuff but I tried to communicate that from the beginning. At the end of the day, I would still recommend this company because the guys that showed up to do the work are simply the best you will find in town. I would just warn that if your gut instinct tells you that you think you may have a bit more "clutter" than the average Joe, you should insist that they come out and assess your home before giving you an estimate that they can't live up to.A little disappointed with our 2nd moving experience with Camelback Moving. First time..AMAZING. Very careful with our stuff, fast and clean. 2nd time...not so much. They scraped up the front door trying to get my small refrigerator in the door and damaged the freezer door. I had to get out the pliers to bend a piece of metal back into place to get the freezer to close. Coffee table scratched, leather couch scratched up a bit. They were pretty quick with the amount of stuff we have but still a little disappointed that they did not cover or wrap everything on the way out. I was also a little disappointed when, when they thought they were done, I asked them if they had room for a couple additional smaller items and they said 'I don't think so..'. I'm pretty sure there was room and that just made more work for me...more trips back and forth in my car to get the rest of the stuff. I never received a Comment Card otherwise I would have written these comments down and sent them directly to the company.Anyway, I'd probably use them again but will be sure to request the crew I had the first time.JDThe movers were absolutely fantastic! Fast, considerate and professional.  After deposit, balance and tip I believe my one bed, one bath was about $300. Considering I could have never done the move alone, definitely worth the price. Why not five stars? Because I fully intended to give five stars....They erroneously charged my card an additional $591 (it was voided, great...my bank takes a week to show this). I don't know about anyone else, but when I move, I'm generally not flush with cash.  This has caused other pre-existing costs to increase. I won't go into detail as it's just venting. Thank you to Carlos S. and David H. for a great move!

Great View

It is a fairly small starbucks and gets cramped.They didn't mess up my order at 6.30am so that's good thing.Just like other StarbucksThe drink wasn't half bad, but its so expensive. I also had an issue where they sold me a rotten sandwich and refused to refund the money. I emailed corporate and they gave me back the cash.Good location at the B gates and the service is good. Only weird thing is that they wouldn't let me use my Starbucks mug for a green tea because there was some leftover coffee in it from my previous drink. Every other Starbucks I have ever been to has been happy to give my mug a quick rinse but they won't do it here. The end result is a wasted paper cup. Oh well I guess Starbucks can afford it and the impact on the environment doesn't matter to them.Look, I have mixed feelings about this place.  On one hand, the facilities are well maintained and the staff don't constantly try to push useless product as they do at other tanning salons.  But I still had a rough experience regarding my monthly contract, which is a little tough to let go.  My only advice is that you do not sign up for the monthly deal, and thus avoid immature backlash from the owner in the case of a dispute.  Otherwise, you will get what you pay for and enjoy as pleasant a tanning experience as you can likely find in an average strip mall location.the turdoori chicken is good! the place is clean and the staff was friendly! the rice wasnt to my liking but it wasn't bad. Also my bf got the lunch buffet deal which we ot to go and it wasn't bad. For 9.99 he got rice, lamb, chicken, some dessert thing and bread, oh and rice. And a soup. See! Not a bad deal! lol. We got it to go. The place is sort of old school looking with the black and white title and pinkish decor but, like i said very very clean. Oh and the meal i got was also about 9 dollars. Wasn't the cheapest but i had the meal at 2. I'm still full! :)I love Chili's, and go there fairly often.  My favorite food is their burgers -- especially their BBQ burger (with onion ring).  If you are on a diet, don't plan on saving calories here.  Even with their low-fat menu, you are still going to have to eat some big portions.  My .02 cents, go to Chili's and enjoy yourself.  Go back on the diet the next day.  This restaurant has fair service, quick seating, ample room for large parties, and generally is not too busy.  It is a good place to go for good food that doesn't break the bank.It's an old stand by. They do have a pretty good burger. Not too crazy about their appetizers especially the queso with beef. Where was the beef? Service is usually good. Prices are moderate. Overall nothing to rave about, but nothing really wrong with it.Ordered the Honey-Chipotle Chicken Crispers. They were OK, but practically swimming in the sauce, which was overly sweet. And my draft Sierra Nevada did not taste right for some reason. Other than that, service was fast and friendly.Typically I visit this location on a regular basis. But nothing beats the service and food at 7th st Bell. In regards to the PV mall location..lately have had some issues with quality of food and atmosphere. Food quality has slipped slightly..getting luke warm food. Corn on the cob has recently been served cold..ordered the Southern Bbq burger and the onion strings were cold and the bun warm and hard. my girlfriend had the potato skins which were somewhat hard and burnt..one which was not eatable. Also..we were sat in a section later in the night and had to listen to all the off the clock employees gabbing and carrying on. Oh well...can't win em all. Will still go here.Haven't been here for awhile.  Had the classic sirloin 6 oz with sauteed mushrooms and 3 Spicy Garlic & Lime Grilled Shrimp. When my order came, it was missing the shrimp.  The steak was cooked okay, but it really looked like a 4 oz. I substituted the vegetables with a sorta fruit cocktail. It had mostly tasty tangerines and one other fruit, maybe mango. When my shrimp came, it was the size of three quarters and not worth the extra $3.My wife and daughter shared the Tostada Chips and Queso followed with the Triple Dipper of Southwestern egg rolls, loaded potato skins and Big Mouth Bites. Those weren't bad at all.Good place for burgers and appetizers.Food was good. Service could be a tad better.Chili's is one of the restaurants that I will eat at that is a chain restaurant.  The reason why is because every time I eat here I know that food will be good.  We came here with my nephews and my niece a couple of weeks ago.  The service was awesome; they kept being soda for the kids and our food come out really quick.  We got a couple of the 2 for $20.00 deals.  The cheeseburger was better then I thought and the Mac & Cheese was good too.Chilis is a chain restaurant. I hate to say my experience wasn't the best because they have an amazing happy hour and 2 for $20Service was mediocre. Friendly but took awhile for food. Fajitas weren't anything special. The man of a family in front of us was complaining to the manager. I'm not a person to complain so I paid my bill. Waitress didn't come back with our change. We had to ask her and then she blamed someone else for not bringing it.We find ourselves here from time to time when we let our son decide where to go. It's also a first day of school tradition so we went there for dinner tonight. The place is clean and comfortable and the staff tonight was very friendly. Our server was quick with the refills and the food came out fast and hot. The food quality is just ok. The menu is old and tired and although they add a few new things some of them are terrible like the fried pickles. I like fried pickles but I would never order them here again. Everything that is fried has the same slightly off flavor. We did the 2 for $20 deal which is two entrees and a appetizer. The price is great! I had the chicken ranch quesadillas. They weren't bad but they were a bit stingy with the sour cream. My husband had the honey chipotle crispers which he likes and our son had the mini cheeseburgers. Dinner for three was $33 not including the tip.Slow service, long wait for food....wanted to try the all you can eat enchiladas.... The Ancho beef was pretty good, cheese not to bad, green chili chicken not bad, if the wait wasn't so bad I would of been much happierJust had chilis to go, we ordered the shrimp and chicken fajitas a sweet and smokey burger and a full order of Texas cheese fries. Oh and bag of tortilla chips. Everything was good. Probably be much better if it wasn't take out.I've always liked Chili's for the most part.  They have one hell of a menu - lots of variety.  Something for everyone I think.  Service is usually decent.  The place is kept clean and they are good at engaging you when you walk in.  They have made things right when things were wrong without issue a few times so I appreciate that. So here is the good news - pretty good burgers (not a bad one yet) and the deserts are great that I've had (the molten chocolate cake and the skillet chocolate chip cookie are my recommends).  The chips (freshly made) and salsa has always been a great starter.   I've been to this location a lot over the years; proximity plays a part in that.Downside - we have had a really nasty steak, bad bad ribs and the Fajitas have been hit or miss (especially when you order it with the steak).  So I won't even order them anymore here.  My friend calls their chicken, Chili's chicken - and that's not exactly a good thing, as my last experience I understood what she meant.Sorry Chili's - Just my experience.  I'm game for chips/salsa, a bacon burger and desert here!If you ever want a pazookie (pizza skillet) after 10pm, you won't be able to get it at Chillis because "they're always out". On the upside, the waiter was nice.I want to give this place 4 stars, but overall the food just wasn't 4 star caliber.  Started off with the crab fritter things and the tempura shrimp.  Neither were that good...the crab fritters were more or less just a really garlic-y creamy filled deep fried pocket and the the batter of the tempura shrimp was pretty oily and thick.  For the main courses I tried the pad thai, chicken panang, and the pepper garlic tofu.  The pad thai was typical but it was served with skinny noodles similar to spaghetti...personally I prefer the wider, almost a smaller fettuccine type noodle with pad thai.  The pepper garlic was pretty tasty and the veggies on that dish were the best part.  The most memorable part was the chicken panang.  Served with rice...it was rich and coconutty and really tasty.  Actually it could have been a little spicier, but it was definitely the best thing I had that night.The service was great and the restaurant had a great atmosphere.  The more I think about it, the main courses were a little bit above average taste wise, but I think the problem for me was that it was the most expensive Thai place I have been to.  You weren't really getting that much more for the higher price point.  However, I most likely will be back.Went with some friends last night after reading the rave reviews about it in the Phoenix Magazine. The decor is super cute from the outside and the inside. Our server was very nice and extremely helpful. The presentation of the food was really nice but the food was no better than other Thai food I have had. We started with the pot stickers. They were small but with six per the order, they were tasty. We ordered the green curry, yellow curry, Tom khai Gha soup, and the Pad See Ew noodles for dinner. All were good. I am not a huge spice person but I tasted no heat at level 2 and thought level 3 was too hot. But, it may just be me. We had fun and will most likely go back if we get a craving for Thai.The food is very good but the portions are small and they charge you for rice. Even the white rice which is a bit ridiculous. Prices are definitely on the high side and should include rice.This review is for lunch only.

- The potato-based sides are too salty. The sweet and russet potato chips are a nice touch, but got old fast. The fries: meh.

Fries were good and pickle was crunchy. But don't bother wasting your money on anything but the smoked meat, because it's what they do best.

One of my coworkers had the Shepards Pie and said it was very good.

Anyway, it was bland and flavorless.

Games- $5.00/Game but usually everyone wins at least a little something

- the "high tech" curtain. We spent 30min on the first night trying to figure out how to roll down the curtains in the shower!!!! You have to have some wisdom to do so. (By high tech I do not mean electronics. It's just the way you roll it down is "abnormal")

POSITIVES:

Overall vibe seemed uninviting.I checked out their humidor, and all seemed fairly well stocked.  If I asked if they had a certain cigar, the nicely dressed gentleman would point to them almost immediately.I've been here a few times and always had a positive experience. I've even bought and smoked a few cigars there. I went in on Saturday afternoon to but a few things. The front area was packed with ppl sitting around. I was a little drawn back when I asked the guy if I could smoke my cigar in the back. He immediately said it was members only. I didn't see anyone sitting back there so I said ok and he saw that I was disappointed then said I can go back there. The damaged had been done. I've bought over 250 worth of cigars this year from this place. This has been the only negative experience I've had there but they should really revisit opening up that space especially when the from is full.Normally I love this place but you might want to consider having two employees working during the summer. Waited 20 minutes on an already open bed because there was no one to clean it. Total wait time 45 minutes.Wow, when did an oil change to $75?  I don't care what kind of oil you use!  I was a procrastinator, but I will never be back!We stopped by the Sticks and Cones ice cream truck at Food Truck Friday last weekend, because I'd heard they had some unique, delicious sundaes. We really enjoyed our mint sundae, but the price was too high for soft serve! It was very good, but I'm not sure it was good enough to warrant paying $5.75 for a sundae again.Good hot dogs if you absolutely have no other clue as to what you wanna eat for dinner. The hotdogs are tiny so you'll need to buy 3 to get full. The fries are ok, and they put mustard in every hotdog unless you tell them no. My husband likes this place, I tolerate it. Wouldn't come here on my own. LolHave been here a few times. Service is good.  Food is ok.  Corn dogs are great.    The chili is thin and drops off the burgers.  I do like that they have a couple of "family combos". Ice cream is pretty good.It's a Wienerschnitzel. If you've ever been on one of these, you pretty much know what you're getting yourself into. Get the chili dogs. Add cheese if you like them that way. Seriously, the chili is what makes these dogs special. Otherwise, they're *just* hot dogs. They have Tastee Freeze soft-serve ice cream here if you're looking for a quick dessert, too.Never been to a WienerSchnitzel before so i was excited to have the experience...its such an awesome business name. I like polish sausages and they had one but ouch it was not very tasty. The service was good and they had awesome deals for famlies---like 5 dogs and 5 fries for super cheap---but in my opinion, baseball games, street vendors and any backyard grill have much better polish sausages.Wienerschnitzel  suggests that they use wieners. This is not the case. Wieners have a natural casing hot dogs do not. So the correct name should be Hotdogschnitzel. Now that we know the difference, the chili dogs are your average hotdog drowning in thin, but tasty chili. I like the French fries. they are not overly salty and they are not greasy either. I will return as soon as I get more coupons in the mail for a quick lunch on the go. They offer a good deal for a group. 10 chili dogs for $10.00. You can feed quit a few for cheap.Ever since the office Keurig broke I have been forced to find another means for coffee.  I've been here 3 times so far:Visit #1 - 2 cars ahead of me - took about 10 minutes and I considered just driving away but decided to stick it through

I had their Spicy Yellowtail roll which was indeed very good, but compared to many other Sushi places a bit expensive.The atmosphere is overly trendy with music so loud you can barely even have a conversation. I also found the photo lab lighting to be kind of creepy. Why in the world would you use that type of lighting for a restaurant?Also, although I did like what I had, there are many neighborhood/off-the-radar sushi places which are of far better quality. The Sushi at Ra is really nothing special. The happy hour deal is pretty good though, so look into that if you want to get a little more for your money.RA's Happy Hour is the best thing about the sushi restaurant... Their Vegas Roll is to die for, but their non-happy hour prices are very expensive. This is not the greatest sushi restaurant in Vegas, but not bad for the Strip. The decor is nice and their service can really be hit or miss.I tried like 5 different appetizers, and four rolls. Nothing really worth mentioning. Appetizers are pretty cheap for the happy hour price, but I probably won't go back. If you tried the rolls, you would know this place is not authentic Japanese. The reason that I gave them a three star was because their drinks are good and decent price for happy hour. I still love yard house the most for happy hour.It's alright for my lunch break if it lands during the happy hour.  The atmosphere is nice.  I've yet to be amazed there yet and there is much better sushi joints in Vegas.I've been here a bunch of times for their happy hour sushi and appetizer menu! It's a very cool environment inside, the restrooms are cool but a little dark inside, and the little round lamps make it very aesthetically pleasing. The service is pretty quick and not the kind of bothersome service. It's a sign of attentiveness and great service in my book!The Happy Hour menu-- 3/5

Price for location Cons...oh so many

- Like I said, lots of imitation stuff.

   -Apps: the spicy garlic edemame was neither spicy nor very garlicky- disappointed. Cooked tender though!

+ Yogurt and Muesli (SO BORING, I could have made this at home)

Service was far from stellar. Extremely slow, waitress would disappear for absurd amounts of time, was not given any silverware, did not come back to check on us once the food was delivered. She was remarkably fast and came back twice when it came to taking our credit card for the check though (funny how that works).Overall, I would go back and give Tukee's another chance before making my final decision. Hoping that the service failures were simply due to how busy they were. Will not be getting the wings again though! I'm going to play it safe next time and stick with the nachos!Tukees smelled like poopies! They need to do something about the smell. The beer was cold and the loaded fries were pretty good.  The service good and the waitress was pleasant. Not sure if we're going back.Not bad.  Not what I expected... Not sure what I expected.  They are sort of a country bar with loud music playing.  It looks like they have live entertainment sometimes but that wasn't going on when I was there.  I tried the boneless wings and had a beer on tap.  The wings were pretty good (really crispy) and the beer was interesting (tried a new local beer I had never heard of before).  It's a pretty good place but I can't imagine frequenting.Love the live music and awesome Happy Hour!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Tukee's is a pretty good place.  Fries could be cooked more, burger could be cooked closer to requested temp.    But overall a solid place to go.  Great beer selection. Live band when we were there at 7.   Definitely 3+ star, with potential.Stopped in to listen to the band. Didn't

They serve up a nice creme brulee as a desert and they also have a nice wine list with some reasonably priced pinot noirs.

- Joey PipesI came in one night for a concert, but I was early. Which was okay as I hadn't eaten since breakfast so I needed food before booze. So I took a seat at the bar and ordered.I had a SOB Burger, which is a cheeseburger with guac and chipotle. It was kind of uninspiring as far as a burger goes - massive, but I felt like the chipotle flavor was played down. Also it fell apart after the first couple of bites - to be fair, I think they anticipated it, they gave me a big ass steak knife to go with it. The fries were really good.Alcohol: I gave up drinking after the first two rounds, because my draft Newcastle Ale was 5.60. Don't drink on the Strip if you're a local, you will always be disappointed. The bartender was attentive to my needs and cashed me out quickly.The Concert: The real reason to come here is that the third floor is a MASSIVE concert space. It's a really nice venue, and they've been booking really interesting gigs. The bar service looked good, but like I said, I quit indulging after dinner so I don't know about the service/prices.We got there 7 pm. and place was hopping. Our freinds had grilled salmon with veggies and mash, we had their burgers and a club. Well, we can't say its rocket science to cook a burger. The food was good but pricey.Completely average food. I felt the food was way overpriced for what I got. I ordered the chicken sandwich (has a fancier name but wasn't memorable so I forgot) and it came with only a little chicken. I ordered a chicken sandwich from Exacalibur's pool cafe and it was three times the size!!! And much tastier! What gives? Maybe it was just an off night but overall I felt it was just average. Btw. Lower the music just a tad I can barely hear myself in there.Pretty alright place to eat if you're into $15 burgers that fill you up, great music, mellow crowd, and patio seating has a pretty sweet view of the strip.Service was lacking a bit though, don't know why since there weren't that many people =/Would i come here again? Nah, one of those places you should just try. Nothing special.Food: B

The chili was ok too. Not the 5 alarm of your dreams, but better than Stagg in a can. It was tasty. Would I get it again? Maybe. I think I'm somewhat of a chili snob, but that shouldn't affect my judgement here. Lets just say for bar chili I've had so much worse. you might really enjoy it. Give it a shot, they sell it by the cup, you just have to ask.Then we tried the turkey melt and the burger with bacon. The turkey met was wicked awesome. Bread perfectly buttered and toasted, nice hot deli turkey with avocado and mayo. It was great. I ate most of it, Sarie being full after the apps. I'd recommend the turkey melt over anything else I've had there. Im getting hungry just thinking about it.

-Spicy Chicken resting on Sweet Mashed Potatoes- I asked to not put the bacon in my dish- I did not think my spicy chicken was spicy at all-It was a passible dish for me but once again with the seasoning there wasn't much of it- A good splash of soy sauce would've done the trick.

BJ's has an excellent variety of food and beverages.  The food ranges from average to good, with everything leaning on the expensive side.  If I were to review based solely on food and beverage, they would probably get a 3.5- to 4-star rating. The problem starts and stops with the service.  I understand the place is popular, busy during non-peak times and a downright unbearable wait during prime time, but the fact that they have such a constant stream of patrons makes the lack of execution in the kitchen even more unfathomable.  I am yet to have a meal here with over two entrees ordered where all the entrees came out at the same time.  I have waited as long as fifteen minutes between the first entree and last entree being served.  To me, that's unacceptable.  In addition, the wait staff seems to be rather hit or miss as to their general level of competency.  Nonetheless, I'm sure that I'll continue to wind up here every month or two. Sigh.Quick friendly seating.  Enjoyed tropical tea.  Waited about 20 min for sandwich and a salad.  Huge tasty BBQ chicken salad and they split it for me to take half with me.  Husband liked club sandwich.  Fries were cold though.  Salad was great.Excruciatingly sloooowwwww service.  I've never witnessed such inefficient serving.  Bring drinks, don't take food order; bring order, but don't bring the meals for the kids because you can't carry everything.  How about just get the kids first, then the rest?  Drop off to go boxes after meal and not the check, too.  Lost 10-15 minutes of time waiting for huge gaps in service.Food was fine, but I as a patron should not have to ask "could you take my order" or "could I have my check" when clearly I was ready for both at those times.  Our server was either new or just not ready for work that day because she was operating in slow motion compared to her coworkers.Tried the gluten-free pizza. Crust was way better than Sammie's Woodfired, but needed to ask for a side of sauce. They don't carry vegan cheese so without the cheese the gf pizza is just a crust with 1 tablespoon? of sauce spread on it. First time the sauce the server brought was fresh out of the fridge- really? To put on a hot pizza? Then she came back with some warm sauce per our request- in the bowls they probably serve ketchup in but I only had 1 piece of pizza left after waiting for the sauce.  Luckily we had ordered 3 toppings ($1 each) or it would have been extremely sad. They really should have all their signature pizzas available to order & just charge extra for the gluten-free crust. It was still good but I can make this at home buying the gf crust from Whole Foods deli (tastes & looks the same). Not sure we'll be back again. This is not a real gf pizza like Picazzo's in Arizona or Fresh Brothers in LA. So still looking for a good vegan gluten-free pizza in Vegas.Me and my family (party of 6) went there for dinner a few nights ago. There was a 45 minute wait. No big deal. 55 mins pass and our buzzer finally buzzes. The hostesses then tell us to stand by the stairs and wait.  Another 15 minutes of waiting we had to do..and people kept walking by us so we felt VERY in the way. I asked a hostess why we had to stand and wait here and she said "so youre ready". uhm okay? I was perfectly ready in my spot on the seat thankyouverymuch. Anyway, we ended up being crammed into a booth. Oh well, at least we all love each other in my family. Then the server was very blah..Not bad but not good. It was busy so im sure he was in the weeds a bit. I had the santa fe salad and about died..YUM! The rest was good but those hostesses need to get it together. I AM a hostess and have been for years so I know how things go and I would NEVER make a party stand in the middle of a walk way for 15 minutes to "be prepared".On a bit of a "healthy" food kick these days... so I love that they have an "Under 575 Calories" menu.  The Hawaiian Mahi-Mahi was surprisingly tasty.  The stir-fry veggie-pineapple fried rice was yummy and filling.  Sooo... I couldn't help but cheat just a little... but how can you go to BJ's and resist the Avocado Egg Rolls?!  I suppose you could if you didn't like avocados.. but if you're a fan and you haven't tried them, definitely give them a go on your next visit! :)Nothing here to get real excided about. The prices are ok. The food also is okRun of the mill. Food is good sometimes and sometimes not. Whatever the beer is good sometimes......Catch my drift. I dont think they care .Um ya ok.Just had fathers day lunch and everything was great. Kids meals came quick to keep them occupied and the server gave my husband a BJs pint glass as a fathers day gift. Great food and a nice family atmosphere.Pros

Quality over Creativity for me.  Dee's way better.The only reason I'm giving 3 stars is because the donuts are Ahhhhmazing!! However, the cashier in there was very rude!! It was both mine & my sons 1st time in there (we had no idea what they had but heard about how yummy they were) I even apologized & told her we had never been there but, she seemed like she could care less...her customer service skills need A LOT of work!! We will NOT be back because we found a better donut shop where we are treated like the place actually wants our money & the customer service is AWESOME!! its called Donut Mania on Durango & Peace Way!!!It was pretty delicious. Got the mocha and it was the best I ever had! You can actually taste coffee! Unlike other places where you get a hint of it. And the strawberry short cake is a must!! Strawberries were fresh, the whip cream was nice and thick..was just delish. This place is a must. Only downfall is the kiddos got the donuts with cereal toppings and the cereal were pretty stale and didn't taste very good. Also sister and I got a dozen. Don't get it unless you plan on eating it all the same day. If not they're not as good and get stale pretty fast. Oh and the cronut! Sister got it and it was super light and crunchy! Was soooo good. Wish I would've gotten it!Pretty obvious emulation of Voodoo in my opinion. The donuts were really good. I am a die-hard for a good old fashioned Buttermilk Bar, and these ones did the job.Unfortunately, 3 stars because that place is crazy. No drive thru, and a super teeny-tiny little place inside to order from. The employees have no patience, because they want to keep you moving through. And the little display case that they have is anything but accurate. They have donuts in the case that they don't have in stock, and vice-versa. Just a little chaotic, to say the least.The front entryway is similar. Just tables and chairs everywhere, and absolutely no room to walk and move through. I love the donuts, and I love that it is 24/7, but the rest could be improved upon.This is my second run here and I was impressed the first time, not so much now. I do like the unique selection yet not an overwhelming one either.  I enjoyed their cake options but I've never been a filled donut fan and I am still not.Had a craving for sugar the other day and had the boyfriend go pick up some doughnuts from Pink Box since it's close to MountainView Hospital (where I've been for the last few months).

The long rolls were not anything to write home about either.  They were loosely rolled and had a lot of rice, so much that when I picked one up it fell into soy sauce which splattered ALL over me.  When this happened, the sushi chef offered soda water, which was nice, but it didn't have to happen at all. We ordered a couple rolls with no issue but when my boyfriend ordered the Monster roll, thinking it would be piled high with fish, we got disappointed.  The chef made something that looked delicious then piled a whole bowl worth of rice onto it, rolled it up and served it.  My boyfriend decided the only way he could fit it in his mouth would be to take out the actual roll and discard the rice.  He told the waiter he wasn't going to eat it and the waiter was very nice, saying he would have warned him if he'd asked, stating it might be better for a table of 5 people (it's only 5 slices).  We just wish the chef had warned us. But we weren't charged for not eating the rice which was good, cause they charge over $12 for that roll, and that's almost half the cost of dinner. So, to summarize, love the AYCE, love the late hours and variety of rolls.  There was so much we wanted to try that we didn't get a chance to.    Service is also excellent but the chef could've been better/more service oriented.Although famed for their AYCE sushi specials of which I did not partake, Sushi Mon has solidly well valued, if not great, Japanese food.  This corner shop is more on the "suburban" outskirts of Las Vegas and is in a shopping plaza.In short, I got a teriyaki lunch special for 6 bucks and it was quite filling with its large bento box full of servings of chicken, rice, tempura, salmon sashimi, gyoza, and the additional (and obligatory) bowls of salad and miso soup. I guess the only minor gripes I had were that the soup was lukewarm, the salad was drenched in dressing, and the salmon was dry. But for the amount of food I got for the money, there's not much else bad to say.The sushi is good but they pack on too much rice.  Service is always excellent.  My favorite Chef is MOON!Came here for lunch when most of the Japanese restaurants closed for day time on New Year's Eve.They offer sushi buffet for lunch and dinner with pretty good selections. However, we didn't choose their buffet since we wanted some sashimi and hamachi karma. The fish was fresh and they did give us huge sizes on the sashimi. Overall, I think they are just an average level of Japanese restaurant, nothing has "wow"ed me but nothing bad. This is about 8-10 miles away from Las Vegas strip - kind of far.We ate at sushi mon every time we visit Vegas. And we love the place. But this time, they changed the all u can eat menu. No sweet shrimp, no uni, no yellow tail collar. Salmon collar is out, shrimp head miso soup out. Don't know how to order now.This place seems to be super packed all the time- which means the service is rushed with everyone snappy and out of breath. Sushi is good. Once, there was a hair in one roll and after informing our waitress, she apologized and brought back a bowl of tempura ice cream after the bill...which was cool. Because it's super packed, you are jam packed with other people like a can of sardines so it tends to get noisy.I usually frequent the Sushi Mon over on the west side. But we were taking a friend to dinner that was staying on the strip. We thought the Maryland Pkwy location would be more convenient. The restaurant itself is considerably nicer, but I prefer the sushi selections better at the Sahara location. I like spicy rolls and the 911 was weak, and it was the hottest of them all. I also really missed the cinco de mayo. The sushi and nigiri we did have was fresh and pretty tasty, it just lacked that extra kick to elevate it. Service was friendly and quick.It was my favorite all you can eat Japanese restaurant before. Nice sushi...Japanese people are famous for their service but not this one...

What I did like is that at the end, they shape it and wrap it as a burrito, and you can remove the top part of the wrap to eat and since you have the bottom part of the wrap still intact, it does not get messy.By the way, the young man that took my order and prepared half of my food was very kind and friendly. I particularly liked how he explained to me how to remove the wrap : )I was really looking forward to this. But, it got ruined. It was like there was rocks in the pita. Bit into something super hard. It looked like a sliver of a rock. Then a few bites down, got another pebble like material in it. I didn't finish the pita. It will be a long time before I go back.I prefer the layout of Petsmart. The staff is friendly and helpful, probably because no other customers were in the store. When I need to drop in to get some canned food for my dogs, the place is deserted.Since I have only been here once I'm only giving this 3 stars. It may go up to 4 in the future :-)I went here for lunch and it was busy. Service was extremely efficient and quick. She even split our checks and you know how they hate doing that.I had the wedge salad & the soy-ginger calamari - both excellent.  Two of my companions had the jambalaya and thought it was great. The veggie burger was a big miss. The other burger ordered was wrapped in paper, prompting me to ask if we had gone to In & Out Burger and maybe I just didn't realize it. Strange decor. Nice enough, they have this whole safari/jungle theme going on (along with a las vegas style carpet LOL). Their menu is all over the place - there is no rhyme or reason to it. They're mixing up asian & cajun & american & all kinds of stuff. But the food is good, or at least what I've had so far.Fun atmosphere and decor, lots of choices, good food. AMBIANCE

was just as tasty, and smelled just as good as I remembered. The yellow chilis

3.  Xiao Long Bao/Juicy Pork Dumplings - Clear, flavorful juice, thin chewy skin.  Impressive for the Las Vegas area.  As always, we must compare to famous Din Tai Fung, the skin wasn't as thin an membranous and the volume of broth was less voluminous.Conclusion:  For the Las Vegas area, it's certainly not the best, but this will do for my XLB cravings.This is definitely the nicest asian restaurant off the strip.  The decor, plating, and cleanliness sets Bund apart from any other place on Spring Mountain.The star of the show was their Lion's Head Meatball.   You get 4 baseball size meatballs that are so soft, moist, and brings back childhood memories.   The meatballs are bursting with flavor and you'll want to drench the sauce and mop it up with a bowl of rice.   These meatballs are so good an Italian grandmother would be proud.  And for less than $10 it is a steal.  I will be back for Lion's Head for sure.As for the Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings), that was a much different story.  For those who are fans of the XLB, you obviously have not tried 3 Villages located walking distance around the corner.   The XLB here had little to no soup and the meat was not well seasoned.  Last the wrapper was overly thick.  I would expect much more here.   If you don't believe me, go ahead and do a taste test - order a XLB here and immediately walk over to 3 Villages (same plaza as Veggie House and Island Malaysia - upstairs)I went here because of a groupon I bought, and the reviews on yelp, which were generally quite positive. Unfortunately, I did not enjoy this place as much as I thought I would. The decor itself is very nice, and the hostess was very pleasant. The service once we were seated though, was quite abysmal. I understand that places like this that serve authentic ethnic cuisine might have servers that do not speak English, and I am TOTALLY fine with this. However, there are certain times when it's quite important to have someone on hand who can answer questions, like when we have dietary restrictions for health or other reasons. Unfortunately, this was not the case at this place. Secondly, the dish we ordered (chicken and vegetable hot-pot) while quite tasty was submerged in oil.  No, not coated. Submerged. To the point where we had to wade through the oil to get to the pieces of chicken. Also, the bite-sized chicken pieces had little pieces of bone fragments in them. Perhaps this was how this dish was meant to be cooked, and I could tell it was authentic, but I will frequent the other authentic Shangai restaurants on Spring Mountain in lieu of this place.Ok, so the place itself is really nice w/ very modern decor, etc and the family who owns/operates it are pleasant and the food is tasty and fresh. Portions are average, as are prices and selection is enormous. (Where else have you had mango chicken?) Here's a tip though - if you want something you have to ask for it- and if you are English speaker only, you may need to find the right person to be understood, but if you ask you will get (although it may take a moment or two.) PS They serve white fungus instead of a fortune cookie at the end - very tasty, unique, and classy. 3 stars only because it was difficult at times to communicate so with the occasional wait, sometimes we didn't really know if we were being understood.the minute the hostess found out we wanted to use a groupon, she said we could only get take out???? they were supposed to be open for a hour more but the place was empty so i guess they wanted to close early.

So now they have changed it all back to Sweet Tomatoes, or so they say!We came here last night for dinner. We were pretty excited because, we really liked Sweet Tomatoes.

2  Jamie for throwing the kitchen under the bus when she clearly forgot to bring us    our fondue, our entrees arrived at the same time and the fondue was cold.

Hot - bib and gloves (to go), you provide your own table cloth (I used the hotel laundry bags!)

I was expecting something better when I ordered the HH special Benedict. It was not that great when I realized its sauce, mash potatoes on top that with large biscuits two thick slices of tomato, a sunny side up egg and more sauce. It was alright honestly.Conclusion:

1. Great facilities...we chose this over LA Fitness which is closer to our house because we wanted the steam room...

Muito pequenos e o valor muito caro!!! Fecha cedo tb!!!I am only giving this place 3 stars because I have never seen smaller portions IN MY LIFE. The salmon was literally the smallest piece of salmon I have ever been served (it was the market fish). It was about half the size of anything you would normally buy at whole foods. It barely came with a side- I think there was like beans or something underneath. My aunt and I ordered a side of mashed potatoes to share - big mistake. It was literally half a cup of mashed potatoes, if that. We left still hungry and ended up getting pizza later that night. Do not come here if you have been partying all day at Marquee Day Club and are expecting to soak up the alcohol. Also, make sure to order appetizers, salads, sides, anything.. The entrees will not fill you up; unless you weigh 80 lbs.Incredible atmosphere....incredibly average steak.  A very busy and up beat atmosphere that brings clubbing and dining together.  The customer service is unmatched with outstanding wait and bar service. However the quality of steak doesn't equal the atmosphere or service.Great food and it's not cheap but if you enjoy screaming at your table so people can hear you then this place is for you.  Music is blasting to the point it's an F jokestaying at the Cosmo so decided to try this placeI always try Kobe at steak places and there was no price on the menu.  I remember the server saying something about the steak being $60-100.  kind of forgot.  all I remember was she said minimum 4oz so I got 6oz.Chilean sea bass - was very good!  the texture was great and the mushrooms and veggies was good.  I didn't get the truffles on top so that saves about $20.lobster mashed potatoes - IT WAS THE MOST DISGUSTING THIG I'VE EVER HAD.  it didn't even taste like potatoes.  we didn't even eat it. I should have asked to return it but my friend said it was weird.  and when I saw the bill it was $30!  ughhhh waste of money.I also looked at the bill and the Kobe was $240!!!!! OMGGGG DID NOT EXPECT IT TO BE THAT MUCH.  it was so tiny (as you can see from the pic).  good though but Mastro's has their kobe $125 for 10oz.  I think that's wayyyy more worth it than STK kobe.Three stars-a star for atmosphere, a star for service, and a star for the drinks. Outside of that, not too impressive. Food is over priced for the quality you get. My $50 steak was burned and tasted no different than a $10 steak.On the plus side, they have fantastic service, fast and friendly. Good music with a DJ in house. Probably wouldn't repeat though.Stayed at the Cosmo. I was not impressed with the food we ordered Filet, Lamp Chops, Steaks, Rib Eye, Potato Mash, Salads etc! Party of 5 on a Tuesday night in Vegas for a business dinner, we were unable to have a conversation because the music was too loud. The service was excellent plus the runners. However the food was just very bland and tasteless. Spend your $ somewhere else for a good steak dinner unless you want to sit in a restaurant that sounds like a nightclub.Look, I get it. In Vegas, you're paying for experience as much as you're paying for food. However, at the premium prices of STK, I'd a least like a little bit of "wow" with my meal. I ordered the Salmon dish, and my wife got the strip. We both had the same reaction: "It's fine".Food was great. We had the lobster mash and the rib eye steak....it was amazing! Brad was our server and I have to say it was ok. For a high end restaurant I was a bit disappointed. My girlfriends and I wanted to have a great birthday dinner and catch up without feeling rushed through dinner. We can tell he was a tad annoyed because attitude changed when we told him we were in no hurry and we wanted to take our time. It was clear to us he wanted to turn tables. It's not like we were not consuming because we were ordering drinks left and right! Not sure if I would come back here. Food was great but it all about the service don't you think? So 3 stars for service!Closes later than other steakhouses. I didn't want to rush to a different steakhouse 30min before their closing time. Came on a Monday night. Took 5-10min to get a table. It was crazy loud and practically like a club. Wasn't a big fan of that. Our waiter was super polite and friendly. Checked on us regularly. Yellowtail appetizer was yummy. Fresh and it surprisingly goes well with apples. It also has a citrusy sauce that comes with it.My boyfriends bone-in ribeye was okay. Wasn't juicy enough. Had better.I got the bone-in filet. Asked for medium rare. Was slightly over cooked in my opinion. But the portion by the bone was amazing.

Price: Fair for what you get, but with added costs of having to uber it there and back, it isn't worth it. Preliminary: We went on a Monday morning and there was no line and service was great. Other than that, the restaurant was lacking and not worth the trip from the strip. Just FYI, these Egg & I restaurants are independent from one another as I heard the staff tell another customer.My wife and I went on a Monday morning. The reviews said their would be lines, but we encountered none. We got a variety of food. She got coffee, pancakes, scrambled eggs, and turkey ham.  I got OJ, hot tea, biscuits and gravy, potatoes, and turkey sausage (they only have patties in turkey sausage).  She said her coffee was good, the eggs were as expected, but nothing spectacular, and she liked the turkey ham. The pancakes were not cooked all the way through. She ate about 1/3 before she got to the middle to discover the undercooking. The restaurant offered to toss them back on the griddle, but she declined as she wanted to eat my potatoes (which were very good).  They brought out a chocolate muffin to make up for it. It hasn't been eaten yet, but I suspect it's pretty decent. As for my food, the potatoes were really good! Like really good.  Well seasoned and smaller and crispy, the way I prefer them to be. My wife liked them as well.  My turkey sausage was  undercooked and cold when served.  If you like hot tea like me, savor your first tea bag, because that's all you'll be getting for the $2.50 it costs to get hot tea. And perhaps it was my mistake for ordering biscuits and gravy; as a southern man, maybe my standards are too high. The meal was reminiscent of what you get at a Holiday Inn continental breakfast in the south. Seriously, no joke, and I feel bad about saying it like that, but it's true. The biscuits were hard and as if they were precooked and then microwaved when the dish was ordered. The gravy was ok, but nothing special. Overall, with the cost of breakfast, plus the uber there and back, it would have been just as cheap to do the Bellagio buffet and gotten better food and more options.Came here on a bad day. There were confusion in their kitchen and other customers were upset. We waited over 30 mins for skillet and waffle. Should not be there with high expectations. Food was normal. Bloody Mary tasted like ketchup. Staff were great but won't be back again..Paula is a great server- very considerate and helpful. Banana nut muffin is good. Skillet of bacon ham and sausage is filling and satisfying. Good place for brunch!Great service, food is pretty good. Defiantly get a craft of OJ if you have 2 cups. Potatoes are really good, Eggs Bennie not terrible.Food was delicious. I ordered a strawberry waffle so it wasn't that hard to get it right. However, my biggest issue was with the wait staff. The host was mute and wouldn't say a word. My main server was rude and in a hurry to rush me out of there by throwing the check at me as I'm eating and before I even asked for it. Not quite sure why or how this is the best of Vegas...This had been our favorite breakfast place on two previous trips to Las Vegas. I'm only giving it 3-stars today because my breakfast (prime rib Benny) was awful. The croissant on the bottom was just a pile of mush, the prime rib was just little pieces of meat, and the hollandaise sauce had NO flavor (my husband, who loved his biscuits and gravy, agreed with me on the no flavor).  Service was excellent, but I'm really disappointed with my breakfast.I like this place. It's got a cute atmosphere and friendly service but it also gets busy and crowded.Good place to have breakfast. Good staff . Food was okay. Didn't like the seasoned potatoes. Homemade corn beef hash was okay.What's with the hype of this place???!

Your beer doesn't please me

http://www.yelp.com/biz/mgm-resort-village-las-vegas?hrid=2de_w67knNFVrPgXw2q6vA&utm_campaign=www_review_share_popup&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_source=(direct)Mandalay Bay Beach - Three-stars

Iced tea

I am so tired of the amount of time and pure frustration this incident has caused me. I have never had such a bad experience with a business.

We requested one Childrens Hot fudge sundae which was, not brought out, then after the bill was given we had a sad kiddo, requested it again as the bill was being paid, when it arrived it was enough for 2-3 children. Loaded with whipped cream.Lots of waiting. Food was placed in front of the wrong people (by people helping our server)The server was well informed of the menu and options and pleasant. More pleasant than the 3 hostesses. **Three stars because if I were eating anything but my meal I would have been disappointed. But my food was good and the server was pleasant and able to answer my questions. This helped me receive something satisfying for my taste.**They have decent food but as for the cheesecake I'll have to stick with more or so the new York style. All the varieties are great and I'm a huge cheesecake fan but cheesecake factory cheesecakes are a bit under my taste.The menu is also a bit over board for me. Like 10plus pages is just a bit to much. So overwhelming. All high price as well. Good place but a bit much for a place no exactly labeled as high end restaurant.See update at end.This is a BAD review.  I don't like doing this but the customer service we just received (or lack thereof) from the Manager, Steve Shirvinski, was abysmal.We just came back from dining at The Cheesecake Factory.  This was only the second time I've eaten there.  The first time we were there was when they first opened.  The food and service were spectacular.  We were so impressed, I ended up buying over $200 in gift cards as Christmas gifts.One of the deals with the gift cards was that they came with a card that was good for a free piece of cheesecake.  I had really been looking forward to that slice and was saving it for a special occasion.  Tonight we were celebrating a big event, so it was finally the right time to use the card.  Unfortunately, I hadn't noticed the card expired 3/31.I knew there probably wasn't much chance that I'd be able to talk them into honoring the card at this late date but I wanted to give it a try.  I asked to speak to the manager so I could plead my case.  I was shocked when the waitress came back to the table to tell me THE MANAGER REFUSED TO EVEN SPEAK TO ME.  I pointed out to the waitress that this was really poor customer service on his part but all she could do was shrug her shoulders and apologize.  The manager shouldn't have put her in that position.  I felt sorry for her.  It  could have affected her tip (it didn't.)I don't know why the manager couldn't be bothered to talk to me.  I wouldn't have been mad if he'd still said the card had been expired too long if he'd at least heard me out.  His refusal to even talk to me is what has enraged me.So, guess what Steve Shirvinski, next Christmas there will be NO gift cards purchased from The Cheesecake Factory.  They will be purchased from your competitors.  Oh, and the next time I have something special to celebrate?  I'll be doing it some place else.  When people ask me for recommendations, I'll make a point of telling them NOT to go to your establishment. You've permanently lost a customer, just because you couldn't be bothered to give that little bit of customer service and hear me out.Update:I got a call at 9:30 this morning (the day after our dinner and my post) from Steve Shirvinski.  He apologized for our experience and said he was never made aware that I asked to speak to him.  He said he had recently honored some free slice coupons for another customer and that he wouldn't have refused to speak to me about the issue.  He plans to send me a written apology and a $25 gift certificate.  I've changed my review from 1 star to 3.  I'll give them another chance.The food is pretty good, but also expensive.  The menu feels like reading a book- I know options are great, but there are just way to many!  We ordered cheesecake once, but found it to be very sweet- this is probably just a person preference, but I don't like my cheesecake to be super sweet.  All in all an okay place to eat.This is a cute place with all the decorations of a Speakeasy.  The entertainment was enjoyable, but the food was very limited and expensive.  Service was slow and food was "so-so...nothing special.  Wish this place was better so I could recommend to friends but food choices and content need to be improved.  An expensive evening for bruschetta!  Maybe we will try again with hope that there have been improvements.  Preston's, The Soul Café and Rancho Manana offer much better food choices.....Gyros are magical because they have the capability to mask the potency of onions. Even an onion hater like me can suddenly consume onions once they're inside a gyro. Unfortunately, the onions inside the gyros at The Little Greek were not the magical kind. They were regular diced onions that smacked me in the face with their spiciness and bitterness. My husband and I each ordered a gyro combo ($8.99), which comes with a gyro with the works, a bag of chips, and a pastry. I got my gyro sans meat, and told the employee to give me extra everything else. I've done this at other gyro places and have never really been disappointed. Here, the gyro was sparse and was about 80% lettuce. There were few tomatoes and I felt there was barely any tzatziki sauce or feta cheese. Even worse, once I took the first bite of my gyro the pita wrap completely crumbled. It's not everyday that I eat a gyro with a fork.  My husband said his meaty gyro was alright. I don't see us returning until a suitable vegetarian option is put on the menu (like falafel) or they at least get fries. If there is a next time, I'll remember to hold the onions.YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #258My friend was getting work done on her car nearby so we decided to stop by and check it out. I love Greek salads. I ordered the Greek salad with gyro meat. The salad was delicious! I felt like my salad had more gyro meat than what I typically get at other places One downside is that the cook is also the cashier so she is going back and fourth from the front to the kitchen. I was with my friend, who was also going to order food, but she started on my order and then 10 min later took my friends order, instead of ordering together. I get that they are "new" and probably still figuring things out. Hopefully eventually they can obtain more staff as they appear to be busy.First time I went to this place. Walked in, guy in the kitchen cooking said hello. One customer sitting there, no one at the counter. Stood there for several minutes. Guy cooking never said a word after hello. There was a tablet on the counter, so I thought well, maybe you put your own order in the tablet, so I did. Swiped my card, emailed me my receipt and sat down. Another customer walked in. Finally the guy came out from the kitchen with an order for the guy sitting there. Then he asked if he could help me. I said I had put it in the tablet, he laughed and said to tell him what it was, so I did. He then took the order of customer who came in after me and went back to the kitchen. He mumbled something about "she will be right back". Got my food in a reasonable time once he came out, and it was good ( gyro combo and baklava). Just need to make sure either someone is at the counter, or the cook should at least acknowledge that someone will be with you shortly. I will try them again.First of all let me say that there ARE several tables to eat at.  I would give the organic chicken greek salad a 5 star because it was delicious, large and packed a lot of flavor. The reason I am giving it a 3 is because when you walk in, you are not even sure it is a place to eat.  There are cases out front to display food, but there is NO food displayed.  Just a lot of jewelry, rocks, greek coffee cups and so forth. The sign out front advertises "BAKERY AND DELI"  but there were NO pastries being displayed and NO food items. It felt like I walked into a store that sold non-edible items. It was sort of an appetite killer really.  We wandered around for a few minutes trying to figure out exactly what they did. We were offered a menu after a few minutes. It was rather limited; mostly gyros. We will go back and try it again since the food was good. But the atmosphere is a little cold if you are ready to cozy up to some good food.It was my first time here and I ordered the jumbo gyro special, which comes with extra meat, potatoes and a drink. Which they do not have a fountain machine nor do they offer tea. Therefore go to the AM/PM next door to get your drinks if your getting it to go. Anyway back to the visit, I found the two ladies very friendly, and the gyro sandwich was very good. Potatoes were simply something as a compliment they were not anything special other than boiled, chilled diced fried with some thyme. I'd suggest sticking with fries with the gyro. I'm not sure what type of business they are wanting to be however because when you walk in they have this counter where they sell jam, jewelry and other items too. It's a huge display and sticks out overwhelmingly.Yet the gyro sandwich was very good. I'll be back I'm sure but I would like to see refillable beverage options and fries.I tried Pinoy's at Phoenix Chinese Week. Personally, my measuring standard of what makes a true place specializing in boba is if their black milk tea is fluid, served on ice, not too sweet, and allows you to taste the tea. Unfortunately, I was handed a blended drink. The boba wasn't bad, but it still wasn't as good as Snoh Ice Shavery, which was also at the festival. Next year I will try their coffee, as it is in their name and should be their specialty.Food: Japanese/Korean fusion. We tried the tuna tacos, bulgogi tacos, crab cakes, Agedashi tofu, chicken skewers, and gyoza.  The chicken skewers were reminiscent of Japan'd Izakayas--very tasty and smokey. The crab cakes are similar to Japanese croquette--also very good.  The tacos were pretty basic...the shells were straight from a box.  The agedashi tofu was also pretty average. I would recommend cooks to go easy with the salt. Overall, there aren't very many places like this in Phoenix so I give it 3 stars.  This is a cheaper version of Sumomaya. Ambiance/Service: Excellent and modern presentation. Open late night and reverse happy hour has some good deals. The service was prompt and friendly. Overall impression: The food is definitely aimed at the American palate. Really cool atmosphere though. I would go back to try the hot pots.We ordered two seafood hot spots, and grilled fresh water eel. The food are average. I wish they put more flavor in the hot pot. The eel is good. Overall it's a good experience. But I think I can find other similar place with cheaper price.Service was good. We did have to wait a bit for someone to greet us. It was slower so understandable. Our waitress frequently stopped by to check on us and waters always filled. Food was mediocre. We ordered chicken, pork, and steak skewers. The sauce tasted the same for all so it was disappointing. I was hoping for more variety. We also ordered Korean fried chicken. It was drenched in sauce and blah. We ate less than half and decided not to take it home. Our waitress was nice and asked us if we didn't enjoy it. She managed to get us a discount. Good effort on service once again. Ambiance is nice and modern. Unfortunately, food wasn't as exciting as other yelpers made it to be.Sad face!!This was a 4 star a couple nights ago. I went in and ordered the Pork Lettuce wraps. They were great. The service was a little slow but nothing horrible.I returned tonight planning on trying the Chicken lettuce wraps. I should have stuck to my plan. I ended up ordering the Scallops Dynamite (based on the servers recommendation) It was basically a plate of cheese over vegetables with the smallest scallops is have ever seen. It must be some pretty high grade cheese for the price. It did not taste bad but entirely too much cheese and they could up the quality of the seafood in it. In the end I will probably go back eventually and try something else as it is a clean place and the staff has been decent but I will never order that again.I have been to many Izakaya's before. The food is not bad. Just kind of pricey in my opinion. It's supposed to be where you get off work, order a few things and drink. But these items are quite expensive and it becomes more than a full cost of a meal.The meat kabob was like a hamburger meat. One small round piece. I was expecting steak meat. Or at least something bigger.The poke rice bowl looked appetizing however. Will have to try next time if not on a budget.Went to this place when they first opened. Not a bad spot, was empty when i went a few montha ago, but food is decent and drink specials are like Bei Sushi(Same Owner) Kinda overpriced food for what you get. I might go back again, but wouldn't be a spot i go to regularly.Good: clean store, premium meat

--chocolate cake with raspberries and gelato. (but the gelato had far too much cream... it was ice cream) raspberries "almost" freezer burned -- they were holding their flavor like champs despite the extreme cold. thanks, guys.The wine angles are kind of what you pay for.  The food was merely adequate for the price.  They must have let the Michelin critic fly around in the wine tower to earn the star.I wish I could do 3.5 stars, I don't feel comfortable with the 4 stars, "Yay I'm a fan" but it was better than "A-OK."  It was an odd night.  It was restaurant week, so I'll give them that they were probably a bit busier than usual.  We were a bit of a larger table, so I will say that might have been tough.  The first misstep was when we were in the bar grabbing drinks before and we were scolded by the server for walking up to the bar to get our drinks...after we gave our drink order to the server we never saw our drinks.  We were seated and had to reorder drinks.  So that was a weird start to the evening.  The rest of service was great so it was odd that they had this large miscommunication to start things off. Most people at the table got the restaurant week menu.  The first course was a choice of a salad which was frisee, poached egg, foie gras torchon and bacon lardons or a mussel soup.  Most people got the salad, I think they were impressed that they had foie gras on a restaurant week menu.  But it is restaurant week, it was pretty hard to find the foie gras the pieces were so small.  They said it was good though.  I ordered the foie gras appetizer for my first course.  It was a large piece so they definitely didn't skimp on that.  However it wasn't fully cooked through, there were veins that hadn't melted yet in the piece of foie and had to be sawed through with a knife.  Odd.  It was still tasty and maybe it was just a rare misstep.  My boyfriend got the french onion soup and he said it was delicious, it is served with a puff pastry top that is pretty and tasty.  Entrees we all ordered from the restaurant week menu.  There were two options.  One was a duck leg confit with lyonnaise potatoes and wilted greens.  The other option was braised beef short ribs and seared ahi tuna with kimchee brussel sprouts.  I had the play on "surf and turf."  It was the best part of the meal for me.  I was kind of curious what a braised beef and rare tuna dish would be like, but it was just amazing.  The textures and flavors were all just stunning.  It was a hit.  The Duck confit looked good, everyone liked it. Dessert options for the restaurant week menu didn't include any chocolate.  I basically don't waste calories on dessert unless it's a chocolate dessert.  I ordered from the regular dessert menu, it was a chocolate tea creme brulee.  It was ridiculous :)  Desserts seemed to go over very well.I would rate our experience a solid b+  service was actually great after the odd start to things.  Our server was very accommodating and it was nice to be able to kind of mix and match our meals.  The food was good to very good.  I have a lot of restaurants to go to in Las Vegas but I can see bringing some out of towners to impress them at Aureole.Went with a friend for dinner as she really wanted to try it.  I am always appalled by places that serve foie gras, but I wanted to make her happy so . . . . The ipad want to be tablet that they use for their wine list is ridiculously lame, totally doesn't work and only succeeded in pissing us off from the moment we sat down. It really set the tone for the evening but things did improve.  Service was also off which did not help the situation.  Things got significantly better when the food came.  Neither one of us was interested in the options on the prix fix so went with apps and entrees.  The seared ahi was really good and I would definitely get it again.  I also tried the sea bass which was excellent as well.  Overall I might go back as the food was quite good, but given the numbers of restaurants in Vegas I would be more likely to go elsewhere.I like inventive and new dining experiences.While Aureole did surprise me with some new and inventive dishes, it just feel short of being spectacular. I expected this restaurant to deliver much more. Service is great but food is so-so.This is more of a 3.5 star place but that's not an option.  Overall the food and service were good, but not particularly memorable.I'll admit that we came here to see the wine angels, and when we didn't see any going up we ordered a bottle of wine.  This isn't necessary, by the way, they offered to do a demo for us without making us buy anything.  We were seated promptly when we arrived, and while the restaurant was relatively empty initially it filled up pretty quickly.  The first thing they do is present you with a chunky tablet with their wine list; it is an overwhelming list that will just confuse you unless you're a sommellier or have really specific tastes in wine.  It's fun to play with it for 30 seconds and see what they have, but you're better off just asking for the sommellier to come by.  We did that and the sommellier came by, asked us a few questions, and picked out a list of 7-8 wines for us to choose from.  He did a good job, selecting 4-5 wines according to what we described and what we planned on ordering, and a couple other wines that he thought we might like.  Our waiter was attentive and prompt, but not as knowledgable about the menu as we like.  He didn't know what various markings on the menu were about which was kind of concerning, as an asterisk next to a description of cured meat seems like it would be important.  He didn't know what was in a few dishes as well.  Despite this, once we ordered he struck a good balance of checking on us without getting in our faces too much.My wife ordered the cheese plate as an appetizer and I got their take on a french onion soup.  For entrees my wife had the pork chop and I had one of the steaks.  Herein lies the problem with this restaurant; I remember that I had the french onion soup and a steak, and they were good, but I can't remember much else about them other than that the portions were huge.  I remember enjoying it and thinking it was a good steak, but I really can't tell you much about it.  I'd go back if a friend wanted to go, but odds are on my next visit to Vegas this restaurant won't jump to mind.That said, the food and service were good.  My only complaint, which most people probably won't share, is that the portions were too big.  I couldn't finish all my food and didn't have room for desert, and walked away feeling really heavy.  I like to get through three courses and not feel like I just ate an entire cow, so this was a bit disappointing.  But this is just a personal preference, and I actually give the restaurant kudos for being generous.  If you're in Mandalay Bay anyway, you wouldn't go wrong having dinner here.  But I wouldn't go out of the way to come here.Great room.  Good food.  Like most higher-end Vegas restaurants Eureole will give you consistantly good, not great, food.  And like most higher-end Vegas restaurants, you'll pay out the nose for it.  It's a fun place to go if someone else is paying.Ate here on 10/21, and was pretty happy with my experience. I had the chicken pot pie which was great, and my husband had the filet with blue cheese crust which he enjoyed. Good wine list, and service was good. My only issue was the high pressure upselling that was constantly taking place, it made it hard to relax.The NY strip loin, I ordered rare, got medium for the most part.  The meat was a bit chewy and sometimes hard to cut.  Overcooked and what seemed like lower grade meat.  The potatoes were an interesting combination, I found myself going back for more.  The side of veggies for the table were just steamed and that was about it.I got the dessert sampler, of the 4 that were part of the sampler, the thai chocolate cake with mint ice cream was better.  The small kick of spice fused in the ice cream was a delight.My husband and I had been here about 6 years ago and had some wonderful sliders at the bar so we thought we would have my birthday dinner here last night.  The wait staff was very attentive - a little too much actually. We like to check out the wine list at restaurants and they have theirs on an iPad which was great. They would not stop asking us if we needed help deciding. Kind of irritating.  We just wanted to read all of it and decide what to eat first.I decided on a steak. BIG mistake. It was indelible. I never send food back and this had to go. Especially for the price.  It was the worst steak I've ever had. The Cesear salad and tuna poke was good though. My husband had the chicken pot pie and it was fine.Overall there are way too many great restaurants in Vegas to go back there.  It didn't wow me.came here for hors d'oeuvres and a dinner later on.  the mini crab cakes and risotto is WOW!  i did not try the dessert but my friend said the cream puff is amazing.  had the salmon for dinner and it was just ok for me.  there was so weird green sauce that i didn't enjoy.I would actually give it 3.5 stars if it was an option.The food here was good, though pricey. My husband and i have ordered a salad (organic greens salad), which was good, but a bit too simple for $16. Just red and green salad leaves, balsamic vinaigrette dressing, a slice of roasted pear and a small pastry-like item. Tasted like a cream filled crepe. Too simple for such a price.

I love Bananas Foster so just seeing this flavor might bring me back a couple of times. The place was REALLY small. Very loud and some highschool girls were screaming in there bothering a few people i could tell. But its a nice place and worth a shot.I really really really want to like this place. It's convenient and the food is super tasty. I just wish we had gotten what we ordered. Here's what we ordered: Curry NOODLES with Chicken and Spicy Noodles with Tofu. What we got: Regular yellow Curry dish with TOFU and Spicy Noodles with CHICKEN. I picked the tofu out of my Fiance's curry and he reluctantly ate the rice instead of the noodles he ordered. Like I said, it tasted great but you like to get what you ordered! We'll definitely try it again though.My expectations may be too high...let's start off with the positives.  Big parking lot, modern decor and very spacious.  Great service for having only one person running the front of the house.   We ordered chicken red curry, papaya salad, BBQ chicken, pad thai and a side order of sweet rice.Sweet rice - soggy and over cooked.  It came in a plastic sandwich bag.BBQ chicken - it was served with a side of the sweet chili sauce...bottled chili sauce.  The chicken is a piece of chicken breast marinated in what seemed like dried curry rub.  It was not BBQ nor did it taste like BBQ. It tasted pan fried.  Overall, I did not like it.Papaya salad - a bit too salty without the lime flavor.  Tiny bits of dried peanuts mixed throughout the salad....wasn't authentic, very Americanized.Chicken red curry - loved the bamboo shoots and normal curried vegetables in the dish however the curry sauce lacked flavor.  It was very bland and no taste...it could've used a dash of fish sauce.  Overall, it was ok.Pad thai - I was over it prior to making my way towards this dish.  My kids absolutely LOVED it!  That says it all as my kids are very picky eaters with a sophisticated palette.Would I return? Likely not and still in search for authentic Thai cuisine in AZ!I went down town to have a great time.  For the most part,  I enjoyed this event! I did enjoy my friend's company and the weather was spectacular.  People were out and to see the throng of folks moving and grooving around downtown Phoenix.  (one thing Phoenecians take for granted, their beautiful down town)My only issue with this festival is that there wasn't enough diversity in the music offerings.  There was a great local neo soul artist, Tina Estes, in One Coffe Co.  That was my musical highlight of the night.They have to work on starting this on time on those main stages.  I didn't like that at all.This place is new, at first I thought it was a restaraunt from the outside. The parking seems sparse but there are plenty north of the building...Theres also a food truck parked out there..Interesting...This was a grab and dash, only becuase I would browse and spend way more money that really shouldn't when it comes to books. When I was shown were the book I wanted would be located, I quickly noticed that they were NEW. It smelt and looked and was priced like I would've saved gas by just going to Barnes and Noble.As I checked out I made the comment of the newer books. The cashier said yes, they are a bit uneven when it comes to used and new and wouldn't be taking used books until October...Soo...I'll just wait a year or two before I make my way back. They did have my book which I was happy but surprised by because it was an old Stephen King book and not one he's known for.The employees were nice and helpful otherwise.Fantastic bookstore with both used and new selections. I always leave with a huge bag when I intended to grab one thing or merely browse.Today I met with group in Nelson to work. Afterward I went into CHB to grab a notebook and look around for other things my daughter and I might like to read. After a minute in the store, a woman ran up and told me I had to leave my bag up front. Her tone was as if I were going to immediately shove all sorts of things into my closed up computer bag on my back. I politely told her I was just going to grab a notebook & come up front. At that point I had no desire to look around any longer. I called my daughter who was in another section hoping to get a book and told her to come to the register. We got there and I remembered that CHB had a teacher discount which I loved. I've been using my discount for years in the Tempe store. I asked the woman to use my discount & told her I didn't have my card since I just got a new wallet. She told me that I couldn't. I then showed her my pay stub from last Friday on my cell phone & she said that she couldn't accept it. I said "you cannot accept my pay stub? it proves i work for a school that pays me, an it is from three days ago." She said that she couldn't. Mind you this was a different person, and she was acting like I was lying to her face. Look, I teach in AZ, which means I barely make anything give our education system, CHB offers a great teacher discount, but this lady treated me like I was lying to her. Finally after more discussion she said she'd give it to me this time but I better have my ID with me next time. She acted like she was doing me a big favor. I got my 10% discount on a notebook (I wouldn't've bothered if I knew I was going to put her out so much), and we left. While leaving the store, I scanned everywhere on the doors and glass near the front door for any signs about needing to leave bags at the counter. I love CHB Tempe and have been going there for years. I've worked on social media for them, I've given the PR materials for CHB for free, and I was eager to try this store. Over all, I like CHB but these two young women definitely made my first experience less than idea. Feeling like a thief & liar is not how I wanted to begin my day.It's more of a lounge. The mixed drinks just taste like juice, but they do have soju. They don't have tables, but they're food is decent for the price. Plus,  they have Bulgogi tots! It's an alright place.Ordered to go the Galbi burrito and the Dukboki. The burrito of galbi, rice, and avocado was simple and decent. Dukboki was good too, but the amount they give you for $7 makes you wonder if it was someone's leftovers.This Dunkin' ( I've been to many of course) has a nice Decor, the service could use a little help. I waited almost 10 minuets for my Carmel/cream no sugar/Iced Coffee. It was worth the wait though because it was pretty good and was not in a complete rush, but for someone who is, just be aware. They seemed to be always training new workers here, so if you are in a rush your best bet is to use the drive through. They relatively  respond faster there than in the lobby.Just happened to be in the mood for a doughnut when I saw the sign. Because this building was built out of my line of sight going up 51st Ave I had no clue anything was going in there.  Of course Dunkin' Donuts picked this location because it was on the inbound side of the street for commuters from the West Valley.I was there about mid morning which is not a busy time.  I was greeted shortly and got my 2 doughnuts.  The doughnuts were as expected and the service was pleasant.  Not much else you can ask for from a doughnut shop.I'm torn about this review.  This Dunkin has a great location, nice staff, and a modern design.  The wifi is even pretty fast.  The one thing holding it back is its lack of certain items.  For two days in a row, they were out of popular coffee items and donuts.  I came at different times on both days too thinking it was just a function of a busy morning rush, but no dice.  If this Dunkin can get its supply ordering down, it will be a great place for coffee and a donut.The pace has picked up. But the product quality day to day changes depending who is working. Somedays there isn't the same amount of sugar as there was other days and I order the same thing. Order a sandwich and they forget you didn't want cheese. Overall, the speed of the drive thru is a lot better but it's hit and miss.Just okay. Service was okay coffee seems super small, ordered a medium and it looks like a smallItems Selected:

- Make sure to make reservations on Open Table before hand

The food; good quality. I liked the tortilla, carne asada, guacamole, pico, it all seem to be of good quality. The carne asada was good quality steak and was surprisingly tender.Atmosphere; not bad for a hole in the wall. Did not see a restroom.Came for my all time favorite breakfast a breakfast buritto. Amazing green chili! Being from the Colorado/new Mexico area I am a huge fan of green chili and this is the best I have found around here. Flavor is incredible and spice is just right.

Finally the infamous Orange Blossom cupcake was airy with a touch of orange zest crunch in the frosting. The flavors were subtle and I wasn't a huge fan of this one, fame or not, simply because the cake seemed too bland compared to the frosting.

Plenty of easy parking.

staff were attentive and friendlyWe came here to eat at the seafood restaurant and that was amazing. I would love to eat there again.The Golden Nugget though, at night, is pretty scuzzy. It's open to Fremont Street and there were many a homeless person just shuffling through with their bags and their odors. It is also narrow to walk through the casino so you are physically close to dirty strangers. Even after the remodel it's still gross.The Rush tower room was great.  Liked the place a lot but I had a few concerns, many centered around the pool.  I wrote them a nice letter extolling their virtues and expressing my apprehensions.  I received no response.  Very sad.The only reason i gave it 3 stars because of their amazing buffet, but the hotel operator caused me such a huge inconvenience!!!! i called before arriving there, and drove from the Hilton garden inn south of the strip. I was quoted some prices incorrectly over the phone and when I tried speaking to one of the managers there named " James" he was very unsympathetic to my situation when i explained that i had drove a group of 10 over to the hotel to enjoy their buffet and was slammed with a huge price difference upon arrival. the operator had quoted me $12 per person and when I arrived I had no choice but to pay $22 per person in my group! Yes I could of left but i was already at the cashier desk, and had everyone there with me hungry!This place is probably close to 4* for the value you get of one of the nicest hotels in downtown at a good price, but I bumped it down to 3* because there is so much variation in rooms there -- the new tower (where you technically have to pay another $20-$30 a night) is very nice, but the old towers (like Carson Tower) are pretty dumpy. Not dirty dumpy, just tired and needing a renovation dumpy.In addition, like the Caesar's properties they advertise not having a resort fee, but as of July 1st they now charge a 'Fremont Experience' fee. Giving that mandatory fees are now a given (lame, but that's the case in Vegas now) I'm not mad that they are charging a fee, but just call it a resort fee rather than make up another name for it. Since the Fremont experience is attached to their hotel it's like going to another hotel and them charging for an 'awning' fee .. because its there.Finally, I asked for a wake up call, which they didn't make, then 30 minutes AFTER the wakeup call housekeeping came by and banged on the door calling that my wakeup call (?) even though I had do not disturb on my door. They do have a pretty spectacular pool that is big enough to handle huge July 4th crowds (to some extent.. I went when they opened at 10am and every seat was taken, but I went there again around 8pm and plenty of open seats). You get to swim right up to a shark tank, and if you want, you can take a slide down THROUGH the shark tank (long line, so I didn't do this part). I do prefer downtown Vegas over the strip so I will be back in this area, and would not cross Golden Nugget off my list. I do think the competition from the D and other hotels that are renovating their rooms will be good.. prices may slide up a bit though, though there are still plenty of dumpy hotels for very cheap in this area.We are frequent visitors of Las Vegas, but our recent stay at the Golden Nuggets was our first time staying on the Fremont strip.  We got one of the new rooms at the rush tower, which was pretty nice and updated, but the customer service was terrible.  When we checked in at the front desk, the guy checking us in wasn't friendly at all, but the worst is when we misplaced our room key at the pool, the front desk employee (by the name of Ryan) directed us to wait in from of our room and someone will assist us within 10 minutes.  We've waited for a good 25-30min but nobody showed, so i headed down to talk to someone else.  She called someone and help showed up immediately.  I asked him what the delay was, and he said that this was the first time he got a call.We chose the Golden Nugget because we wanted to check out their pool (Shark Tank!).  We knew it was going to be crowded since we came down for the July 4th weekend, but didn't expect it to be this bad!  The pool is really small!  There are kids everywhere, all the chairs were taken, cabanas were full, barely enough room to walk in the pool.  The pool itself was pretty neat, but i recommend staying there during summer break or weekends.I stayed at the Carson tower.

*Hash brown heaven! Cheese, jalapenos, mushrooms, chili, onions, ham, options

3 Stars - I would stop by if I happen to be in the area.

Mocha Bean

* A lot of selection & variety

 - Un blog d'un salarié avec des vidéos et des infos sur l'établissement : ICI (http://julienedinburgh.centerblog.net/rub-La-P-tite-Folie-West-End.html)

2. They have a downstairs bar that features some different drafts. Never been.Good beer selection but definitely overpriced, and I'm a craft beer drinker. Food is decent..much better when you're there than delivery is. Delivery takes forever and I've gotten incorrect/cold orders in the past. Also with this past order we got some solid black fries in with our wings that they apparently scooped out of the bottom of the fryer..so...7:00 PM and You CAN get a donut here!  A couple blocks away @ Peace, Love & Donuts, that is not the case.........Looked like they had all the donuts in stock.  grabbed some glazed and some chocolate glazed & trying a pittsburgh cream for the first time....not sure what the hype is all about regarding dunkin donuts coffee.  the coffee here sucks ass.While I was in nursing school, I frequented this location many times. Coffee and doughnuts were a big part of my and my friends' diets to survive almost-all-nighters and night shift clinicals. When I would get tired of Starbucks coffee (which was often), the coffee here was a good alternative. The coffee wasn't as bitter and intense like Starbucks', and wasn't as expensive. The service was pretty quick and efficient, but didn't have the same high level of customer service as Starbucks does. Granted, I probably shouldn't compare Dunkin' Donuts to Starbucks, but the least the employees at Dunkin' Donuts could do was smile.Inside, there were some tables, but as I had found out, it was very uncomfortable trying to study here either alone or with a group. The tables usually had granules of sugar and sticky leftover evaporated coffee on the table tops, causing our notes to stick and tear. The music was also on the loud side and was mildly distracting. There was only restroom, which was on the gross side. I never had the opportunity to explore the "basement," which apparently has more seating. Had I explored this area, I might have rated this location differently.If you're in the mood for good coffee, good doughnuts, decent breakfast food, and a good location to chit chat, this is place to go.This Dunkin Donuts is super convenient and great especially during the summertime. As you can imagine, the line is sometimes out the door in the fall and spring when students are on campus. Nonetheless, I've never had a major issue at this location. They can sometimes take awhile. Since this DD is on a college campus, there are two levels of work and study space. If you go down the stairs, you'll find "The Panther Den" which is nothing more than extra seating with a large Panther on the wall.This is a cute little retail venue inside the Mirage. It's past the spa/salon, near the pool entrance.  It sells Kardashian-branded products, including a couple of makeup palettes that are exclusive to the store. They looked cute. Stila or Too Faced made them, I think. They have Kris's book for sale, autographed. They have some cute Vegas things, like Kardashian playing cards in a tin with the girls' pictures on the face cards ($20) and poker chips with the gals on them. They also have a few things from the girls' Kardashian line for Sears. My advice is to order online from Sears if you've just gotta have it. I made an impulse purchase of a sequin clutch ($90). I thought it was overpriced when I bought it -- it would have been about $30 at Aldo -- but you know how Vegas is. A few cocktails and a decent win in the casino and you're spending it like it's Monopoly money! I checked the price online later and the retail at Sears is $84, although it was on sale for 30% off. Shady, Kardashians, very shady! I dont mind you selling full retail. I respect that I was shopping in a Vegas boutique, not in Sears, but ABOVE retail?! Boo you, Team Dash!The other thing I noticed was that one girl got a cute shopper for her purchases, and I got a crappy plastic Mirage bag, even though I spent more than $100 and the other gal had a couple of itty bitty purchases. Guess I'm not who they want to be seen as their customer? Whatever. Definitely pick up a postcard ($1). A cute place to spend a few minutes, sort of Sugar Factory without the candy theme. I'm docking 2 stars for the shady pricing and the selective shopper bag policy.After hearing about this store I had to stop by and see what it's about. I'm a fan of the Kardashians, and I understand the need to add to their empire. The store itself was very clean, and polite employees. I spent about 20 mins browsing the multiple souvenirs. Some of their things are overpriced (like the $40 coffee cup), but key chains, etc. weren't that bad. I settled on $12 Nicole by OPI nail polish, which isn't that much of a mark up. I was anticipating whether or not I would receive the KK bag, and I did (although no big deal to me). All in all, it's a fun store, although boyfriends would probably get quite bored in here.One star down because of the ridiculously high cost of items.  Another star off because I was still embarrassingly tempted to spend 45 dollars on a pair of flip-flops.  The store had a nice layout, a variety of items, and the two workers were friendly and willing to help.  I find it quite interesting people's comments about not receiving one bag over the other.  If one wanted the certain bag, can't you just ask for it?  I think that it's perhaps a bit of unnecessary sensitivity and over analyzing if one is annoyed/insulted about not receiving a certain type of bag, but I wasn't witness to that so what do I know? :)I was very curious to see what they would sell here at this store and found it to be full of merchandise of self promotion and a small selection of sports memorabilia mainly in part due to Bruce Jenner and Lamar Odom.  I wanted to find something fun and functional and ended up purchasing a deck of cards for $20 with the famous Kardashian sisters printed on each card.  I think the store would be great for those who just want to look and reminisce of the "Keeping Up With The Kardashians" reality TV show, but the items are more of a novelty with a high price.  Beware of the security guard who stands in front of the store and doesn't allow photos to be taken inside.  If any of the Kardashians or Jenners read this review, please note that I am a fan, but not of this store.I really, really want to like this cafe and I do - somewhat. I have very mixed feelings about it though. I will start with the positives: It is light, bright and aesthetically pleasing. The ceiling is all glass, the floors are wooden. It is modern, but built into and shares the stone wall of an ancient church. It has views out onto a picturesque churchyard through the back and opens onto a well-kept pleasant garden on the side. You can bring your toddler here to play with lots of toys. You can sit on a sofa in the corner, drink a coffee and nurse your newborn - along with lots of other mothers, babies and children. It is one of the only cafes in town that caters directly to parents-with-small-children. So, it is a place in which you can relax with a cup of coffee and your toddler without eliciting the annoyed glares of other childless customers. Which brings me to what I struggle with here. It it is chaotic. And I do not think that it has to be. On my recent visit Friday, for the two hours I spent there, no tables were bused, despite dirty dishes piling up and there seeming to be ample staff around. We never were able to sit in the cozy couch corner as it was never cleared of the leftover dishes and food of previous customers. The toy corner for the children, although very much appreciated, is in dire need of a bit of care - and perhaps replacement. I am more than willing to tolerate the inevitable chaos of small children, but I would like to enjoy a somewhat tidy and clean place to do it in. The menu also caters to small things and this is also much appreciated. But the choices for beverages for little ones seemed to be exclusively ribena and sugar supplemented 'juice drinks.' Maybe I just caught them at the end of a busy week, but in looking for a wee snack there appeared to be more than a few items on offer that were pre-packaged sweets - not something I would expect in a cafe. So, I am torn here. There is a lot to like about this cafe (and my small child loves it!), but there is some to be desired as well. But if you have a baby or a small child and you really want to relive your pre-parenthood cafe life, this is one of the few places in Edinburgh you can head for. Give it a try and see what you think.Let me first say coffee here is awesome.  Coffee review alone deserves 5 stars.They just recently added a breakfast menu and that's what I'm reviewing.  We had breakfast here and thought the ambiance and decor was nice.  Definitely more of a lounge feel.  They do serve alcoholic beverages/dinner so that makes sense.Wait staff was good.  Nothing to write home to Mom about but decent.The food was "meh".  The muffin I got for my daughter did not seem "homemade" which I was disappointed.  Nor did it taste fresh.  I just didn't get that "warm fuzzy" when I tried the muffin.  My pancakes were OK but definitely flat.  Not fluffy at all much to my disappointment.  It tasted fine though.  For $6 (or $7) all it came with were 3 pancakes.  If they were awesome pancakes I would not have complained.  For mediocre ones, a little pricey.  Hubby got an omelette and that was pretty decent.  It came with breakfast potatoes which were also good.  I was kind of disappointed to be honest.  It would have been awesome to have a great breakfast joint in the area.  I'll probably go back to having just coffee there.  I'd give them 6 stars if I could.Were not drinkers or night owls so no review on their dinner menu or alkie beverages.Love the location but wish our experience was better, we just come here for the atmosphere and enjoy the company of our friends. Wish they would watch Bar Rescue on the food network and learn. We will return but with my expectations lowered. Fish and Chips where soggy, only two small fillets and saturated in oil, fries where soggy. :(  The 3 taco app. was great! Karaoke was fun on Friday night!!We were not very pleased with the layout of the whole event. It was nice that it was so big in tiny ol' Fountain Hills, but it was a big headache. It was worth the drive and wait to go to the Tempe Arts Festival.I so wanted to love this place, because I love Korean food so much and it's quite close to home.  On this particular day I was having an extreme bibimbap craving.  It was decent, but not memorable.  We also ordered some Kimchi (which my boyfriend hates paying for as many places offer it for free) and it was also was not very memorable.Alright folks I liked this place but I have just not stumbled upon korean food that I adore. I really thought they did a decent job of what was brought to our table but overall I thought it was just moyen.Un restaurant coréen vraiment bon, une déco subtile et originale. Et une présentation des plats vraiment jolie. J'ai décidé d'y aller car des amis en faisaient sans cesse des éloges. J'y suis donc allé avec une amie.On est arrivé, et on est venu s'occuper de nous tout de suite. La dame ne parlais pas français, et pas très bien l'anglais. Nous avons commandé un mélange d'un peu tout pour goûter un maximum de choses ( habitude que l'on a avec mon amie). Pour boire on devait bien attendre à chaque fois pour avoir de l'eau car la personne ne nous voyait pas, et ce fut pareil pour la facture. Arrivé au moment de payer, on laisse un Tips en fonction de ce qu'on a trouver correct dans le service ... devinez quoi? c'était pas assez ... un minimum était requis ... d'où? Nous travaillons tout deux dans la restauration et avons jugé que le service valait ce tip. Le tip minimum n'existe pas, il est conseillé pas obligatoire, et ils n'ont pas le droit de nous obliger à donner plus. Donc nous sommes partis.Après je sais que la personne s'occupant habituellement de la salle était en vacance, car mes amis était surpris d'apprendre ce qu'il s'était passé.Donc je met un note moyenne à cause de ce problème qu'il y a eu ..This place has gone downhill since it opened. It's clear that they use the same marinated meats for various dishes, which clashes when you have the tofu stew (a spicy and savoury dish) with the same beef that had meat (sweetly) marinated for  bulgogi. Despite this, the pajeon is amazing and the yukhwe (Korean beef tartare) are a must try.BBQ coréen: très bon...la viande un peu trop salée.

(Read:  It ain't a sports bar, and yet it's kinda manly).

I got the potato salad as a side, which didn't disappoint. Sweeter than most potato salads, but great herb flavor and just the right amount of creamy.My friend got the bourbon chicken, which she tells me would have been great if it wasn't so salty. It seemed to put her off her meal and she only managed to eat part of it.All in all, I think I'd be back again to sample some gumbo when all is said and done. However, I need to tack off the rest of the restaurants on my Cajun bucket list'o Charlotte before I return here.Went for lunch today...not as good as last time.The server was wonderful and tried his best to accommodate us but the shrimp and grits wasn't as good as last time. The grits were just to thick and starchy. I give the service a 4 star and the food a 2 star.  My coworkers had both remembered having the veggie burger before and remembering it to be a little more moist. Also, it was a little cold in the middle. Not writing off Bourdreaux's for good they just need to work on being more consistent with the food. Oh... and they only had one other table besides us at lunch so no excuses about being busy.Hubby and I went here last night, because I saw a shrimp po'boy that was in New Orleans on t.v. and had to have one. So I turned to Yelp to find the best options for a Po'boy.  Well Boudreaux was close to the house, so we decided to go there. When we arrived, we stood at the front desk for about 5 minutes before we were sat. There as only two people that was working the floor that night, the bartender and the server. There was about four or five tables including a party of 8-10, so I think that there should have been at least another server on the floor. So was in a hurry and very distant, which did not bother us much since he did provide great service and besides we were ready to eat anyway without all of the extra details. Of course I ordered the Shrimp Po'Boy and my hubby ordered the Blackened Bleu Burger. After ordering, it was about 15 minutes when we received our food.First everything came out great and looked good, but my shrimp was sat on top of my po'boy, just waiting to fall off. I hate having to maneuver my food to my mouth. Three of the shrimp fell off onto the table, which I still ate and gave my hubby a chance to steal one, I just wished that they would have constructed the sandwich a bit better. Also a little spice would have been great . The fries was fantastic!! My hubby burger was good too, and the pasta salad was just meh, nothing special.Overall the food was good, but nothing that transferred us to New Orleans.I have eaten at Boudreaux's a couple of times for lunch and while the food was pretty good, it was not extraordinary.  On my first visit, I just went with a Shrimp po boy and fries.  It was good, but not the best Po Boy I've eaten.  On my second visit, I went with the Shrimp creole.  I liked it better than my first meal here, but overall, I prefer the food at Cajun Queen. Both of my visits were at lunch during the week, so we did not have a long wait and our service was a-ok.  I am not sure I would want to fight the crowds to come here for dinner on a weekend though since I have heard it gets really packed then.Bayou cooking has everything my little heart desires.  Seafood (especially that of the shelled variety), spice, and plenty of rice!  I never met a gumbo I didn't adore.  Truly.Boudreax's is a nice break from the downtown Charlotte restaurant scene.  If you've never been to NoDa--you must check it out.  I haven't spent nearly enough time in this neck of the woods. I have eaten at Boudreax's twice for brunch.  Both times, I didn't leave disappointed.  However, I wasn't "wowed" the way I hoped I would be.About 5 years ago, I went to Baton Rouge and had my first beignet.  My life hasn't been the same since.  The beignets at Boudreax's are nothing close to the crispy, sweet, drippy, fried dough ball dusted in powdered sugar I had in LA.  Instead, these were dry and bland. Described as "hot pockets with nothing in them" --the words didn't come out of my mouth.Anyway, skip the beignets.  I do recommend the eggs benedict.  The cheddar cheese grits (extra $1) are AMAZING.  Yes.  Get those.  And the home fries are perfectly dark and just crispy enough.The atmosphere is very laid back and warm.  There was live music when I was there which was a nice touch.  I prefer Cajun Queen to Boudreax's, but then again I have only dined in for brunch.Wow. I have to say, I can't say I know what authentic Cajun food tastes like, but I'd imagine this is as good as it gets around here. I stopped by for dinner late on a weekday night and ordered the Cajun Carbonara, which had the perfect amount of heat without detracting from the wonderful flavor. My date, who was more acquainted with Cajun cuisine than I, had the Low Country Shrimp & Grits. He absolutely raved about them, and the bite that I tried was just as flavorful as my own meal. I'd happily eat it, and I'm not even a shrimp or grits fan! The cornbread that came with each meal was pretty solid, but not the best I've ever had. I will say that the service was a little slow, but they were very kind and I had no problem waiting. The portions were pretty huge, so don't feel shy about boxing it up!EDIT: Alright. It's sad, but I had to drop this review from 5 to 3 stars because I'm fairly sure my boyfriend got some serious food poisoning from the questionably "shelled" shrimp in his shrimp & grits. (I can further confirm this because I only had a bite of it and had a lesser bout of food poisoning myself the next day.) Just be wary of what you're eating, folks - even if it IS delicious.Fried oyster appetizer - 1 star - 9 dollars for about only 4-5 oysters. Cajun queen is better.

A few in the party had issues with the wrong order arriving and toast being not toasted at all but simply bread thrown on a plate. But the server fixed it very quickly.

ps, heads-up to the owners: I like that you're serving cocktails in regular glasses, but when you order a dirty martini and it looks like a shot you kind of feel cheated! cheersCool concept of a meatball oriented restaurant set in a hip and lively atmosphere. However, the meatballs were just ok. Different types to choose from (beef, lamb, chicken, fish and veggie) and although you could taste the flavour concept behind each, they all could have been more bold in taste. The lamb ones especially could have packed more spices to bring out that gamey  lamb fragrance. Overall, this places is a good spot to hang out with friends over some great drinks and some fun board games, but don't expect an foodie orgasms.As a park, it's great. 5 Stars in that aspect. Lots of water buckets, kiddie pool if your dog is a water fanatic, good space to run around, well maintained.Most of the the patrons are pretty chill, but my roommate and I have had run ins with some rude patrons, and let's just say it was enough to make us not want to bring our dogs to this park anymore. I've been screamed at by a mother who had her toddler with her at the large dog park because my dog was running near her, well, maybe your toddler shouldn't be at a park with a bunch of 50+ lbs dogs free running. Common sense people. This park gets pretty crowded since it's so well kept. Yes it's true some people allow their dogs to walk off leash from the parking lot to the dog park. I don't mind it, but I can understand how it's an issue for others. People need to just be mindful. I don't mean to be so negative with this park. Can't help what kind of people end up going. Most of the time it's been a great experience.Quite a nice park but right next to the busy street. The fence is pretty secure but I don't know, that just bugs me. Good amount of grass and sand to play in, but dirtier than other parks I've been to. Still quite nice though but I'm sticking to the heritage bark park which is closer and cleaner.Very Dry, not many friendly people, and people don't watch after their dogs. Need a soliciting / business board for those that need dog behavior assistance, and human too.If you want to eat at an authentic non-chain mexican cafe, Salva Mex won't disappoint. True to its name, newly opened Salva Mex offers both mexican and salvadorian dishes.  We tried the tamales, carnitas, and pupusas and they hit the spot. The food diversity is nice, the taste is better than the chain fast-food restaurants, and the prices are very fair. Salva Mex is a small cafe with basic decor and simple seating.  A great place for a quick bite on the way to/from Red Rock Monument. It's just east of Whole Foods on Charleston.Had a coupon, so was waiting for the opportunity.  That was last Friday evening.  Family was out of twon, so ventured over for take-out.

Whoever the lady was, up front on Sunday 31st January, Please let her know that she really needs to leave her issues at home & not bring it to work. You can't spoil another persons day because you are not in the mood to be nice. People who come to dinner, come to relax, be happy & Celebrate. Just because it is her place of work, there's nothing we can do about it. I feel bad for her, if she has had a long day. But it was my day to celebrate & be happy & not be served with her Attitude.Thursday night..... Busy!  Bartenders never acknowledged us even after looking at us multiple times. I guess they think they make enough money. Cocktail table opened up after 10 minutes. The male cocktail server did a fantastic job in letting us know of specials and his opinions of the wine and apps and taking care of us--kudos!  Dinner table opened up (20 minutes after our reservation but no big deal at all-- busy).  Megan waited on us and was very good too.  EXTREMELY Loud and Noisy inside (I forgot that since its been years since I was back).  Megan did great at explaining recommendations of all the questions we had w/ the food and wine. Only issue on service was they never brought out our 3 sauces we asked for and were part of the meal.  The steaks $57 and $55 each were good but not fantastic at all and not worth $50+. It seems prices increased about 20% since last time there and not worth it for the good but not great food and the wine prices (happy hour has good prices though).  Spending $250 for two was too high for the food quality we got and the very loud ambience.  Service was very good though other than the bt's.  I'll stick w/ Ruth and Chris, Capital One or Maestros in future.I had received gift cards from my company as a gift on valentine's day ,unfortunately  my company keeps me so busy we just never had time to go ,so we had some free time and decided to check out the restaurant,  it was our first time there , service was great, we had the chefs choice filet mignon and lobster the wife had crab when food arrived the steak was awesome ,one of the best steaks I ever had , the lobster for me was super small and my wife felt the same about the crab ,but it was good I just felt portion size was smallHaving no luck finding a Weber Smokey Mountain, I drove a little further south to Barbecues Galore. Really, these two stores should switch names. BBQ Island does, indeed, have barbecues galore while this place is much smaller. They do have supplies, some grills and smokers on display, fireplaces and other stuff. It is just on a much smaller scale than their nearby competitor. The good thing is, normally, it is easier to have questions answered here. Also, they actually had the smoker I was looking for.I love Bed Bath and Beyond. They have so many cool things. This particular store did not have two things out of two that I was looking for. Hmm.... Why the three stars? The service! The service was exceptional by each and every individual that helped me. So I went looking for a very small pressure cooker for a friend and also for the Dirt Devil hand held vacuum. I saw it online a few days ago at their website but when I got there, they didn't have it. The pressure cooker was a bust also but I didn't do any research about it before I went, just went. Anyway, if it wasn't for the very nice and patient friendly associate, I would have walked out frustrated. I did get a nice leather cleaner which was a totally unexpected find. Who thinks of going to BB&B for a leather cleaner!? I know there is more in this store for me to explore. I just need to go back.Compared to other Bed Baths that I have been to, this one looks and feels small. The items are not completely organized properly. Probably short on staff.On a recent holiday in Chandler, I was fortunate enough to sample Whataburger's bacon and egg "taquitos" for breakfast, which seem more like burritos where I'm from but whatever. I appreciate the server bringing the condiment tray to the table. Make sure to ask for some salsa, which they shrewdly keep hidden under the counter. That's some good stuff, man!Came to Arizona to watch Wrestlemania with my buddies. I never heard of this place before, but saw enough Whataburgers around town that I was interested in trying it.Being a West Coast kid, no other fast food burger will ever hold a candle to In-N-Out Burger... and that's not an opinion. It's a fact.But that isn't taking anything away from the other fast food joints. The Whataburger may be better described as the Jumbo Jack and Whopper's love child. The size and meatiness of the Whopper combined with the taste and quality of a Jumbo Jack. Both are decent, so I wasn't disappointed. It's a fast food place that isn't In-N-Out Burger... I knew what I was in for.But there's one thing that Whataburger does better than any other fast food joint I've ever been to... they serve the ketchup in dippable sauce containers!My husband and I were driving through Phoenix on the way back to Las Vegas from Tucson and we needed some nourishment for the rest of the ride. I spotted a sign for Whataburger, which they do not have in Nevada, so we decided to get lunch there...Whataburger is good because they allow total customization of the burgers. My husband likes jalapenos, Whataburger has them on the menu. The actual meat isn't anything to write home about though, just a basic, somewhat boring burger. Service was friendly and the bathrooms were clean, so thumbs up for that. I still prefer In-N-Out though...My first time having Whataburger. Tried the jalapeno burger was decent but the green chili burger is overrated in my opinion.I would give it 3 1/2 stars. I am putting 3 because I just can't give it 4 but I feel bad giving it 3. It is good but not the greatest. For fast food it is a little step above bigger chains. It is kind of clean and kind of local.The Green Chili Double is really good. Sometimes they are hotter then others it depends on the chili but that is a good thing because at lest you know they are using real chilies and not some lab created trickery. Even a regular Whataburger Double with cheese is good. The fries are good too. They just aren't blow your mind good. Plus they have a rep for being a little on the dirty side. Just a little nothing to get them shut down just not white glove clean as some other places. Also they are just a few dollars more expensive then the regular fast food place.

1. Inability to diagnose basic transmission problems correctly.

For the prices you pay I did expect a bit more.I took my wife on a date night this past Friday and after much debate we finally landed on Johnny Delmonico's for our dinner location.  I had been before many years ago and was not too impressed but I was willing to try it again.We arrived early and the atmosphere is what I expected and practically we were the only people in the restaurant (not a bad thing, we arrive at 5:00 when they opened).  We were seated immediately and welcomed by a very wonderful and pleasant wait staff.  I will give them very high remarks on service!One of my favorite things in the world is bacon wrapped scallops and their appetizer did not disappoint.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and were absolutely delicious.   I only wish I had more of them.However the main course was not so entertaining for me.  Both my wife and I ordered the surf & turf (pre-planned as it was what we were craving).  My wifes steak (6oz petite tenderloin) was ordered medium-well and was cooked that way but was charred on the outside a little too much.  Her lobster was cooked well.  Her garlic mashed potatoes were delicious but small in portion.My steak (8oz tenderloin) was ordered medium and  was served medium well much to my displeasure and to me the steak lacked in flavor.  My lobster was undercooked and also lacked in flavor that a lobster should have. I would have liked a larger lobster tail over the whole lobster that was also small in size).  My double baked potato was wonderful. In addition the drawn butter for our lobsters was bland, served cool, and very disappointing.Overall it was a good dining experience but, besides the scallop appetizer, lacked in flavor.  I was hoping for an amazing dining experience that would bring me back to Delmonico's on a more frequent basis but that is not the case.At first I was amazed by the decor and the extremely professional service at Johnny Delmonico's. When my plates were dropped in front of me, I gaped in awe. This is an extremely nice place. But the quality of the food didn't totally come through. once I had finished my meal, I was just thinking, meh.Now, if you have a lot of money to spend, this place really is good to get a meal at. I just don't know if I would pick it over another fancy downtown steakhouse. The french onion soup I started with was excellent - the layer of fresh, perfectly melted Wisconsin cheese on top is really what did it. These guys also know the meaning of "medium rare," unlike many Madison restaurants. However, I should have just gotten the tenderloin by itself, rather than ordering it as part of a "special." It was surrounded by a very creative group of ingredients, including caramelized red onions, sweet potato straws, grilled baby tomatoes, and an avocado aioli. Sounded great in theory, and it looked beautiful, but together all the ingredients just made an indistinguishable mash of vegetables. Nothing was especially fresh or well-prepared, except for the steak itself. I cut through a thick filet mignon like it was butter, and found a core containing a perfect shade of pink.My mouth waters just thinking about the cut of tenderloin I got at Johnny Delmonico's. If you come here, spare yourself the expense of an overdone meal and just get what they're good at - a thick, juicy piece of steak.We went to Johnny Delmonico's for Restaurant Week and the food was quite lovely. The decor is cozy and our server was helpful but not intrusive, but actually could have been a bit more "available" at times. One of the people in our party has a dairy allergy and they were able to accommodate her without too much trouble and even had a dairy-free dessert option that was much appreciated. I had a mushroom appetizer, a beef entree and a bourbon pecan dessert. I wasn't blown away by any of them, but I'd happily eat them again. Athough the portions were on the smaller side, they were adequate/appropriate for the $25 price tag. All in all, one of the better Restaurant Week meals we've had in the past few years.One of the few real steakhouses in the Madison area.  I started with the french onion soup which was very good.  Couldn't try any of the appetizers because I'm allergic to fish.  Went with the 14 oz. tenderloin for dinner and it was very good.  Always get my steaks medium and they cooked it right.  One knock on this place is that it's very expensive.  Good food but smaller portions.  Service is usually very good and friendly.Yawn.

- Deconstructed Beef Wellington, ONLY offered on the Restaurant Week lunch menu. Even tho it came looking rather unattractive (lots of brown!), and it had the foie gras and mushroom duxelles in separate "patties", it tasted great. BUT MAKE SURE YOU SPECIFY TEMPERATURE, THEY WON'T ASK! Luckily it was medium rare, I prefer rare, but medium rare is fine for me, too.

I just looked at the BE website, and its weird they don't have anything listed on what % they give for trade/ cash. But from what I remember, you get 50% back in trade (store credit) for what they are selling for the item, OR 35% in cash back. Trade is good if you like shopping there, but I usually get the CASH!! The average item sold is about $15, so you would get $7.50 in trade or $5 in cash. Don't quote me on that - I'm not exactly sure!  I admit, selling clothes at BE makes me feel a bit judged, a bit exposed. These clothes (that I don't usually wear anyway) are somewhat a reflection of my style - or what my style was years ago ... which does leave me feeling a bit vulnerable. About a week ago, I went in there with a box of stuff that I was sure they would take - blue jeans and shoes. They took all but a pair of jeans that had been a bit worn at the bottom and a pair of grey retro Saucony's ... is that brand not cool anymore? Who knew? Anyhoo, I walked away with my $75 bucks and felt pretty good. Anyway, while I sat there waiting for about 30 minutes watching the disgruntled sellers in front of me leave with their bags of clothes and maybe $5 of trade in their pockets, I decided to write this to help people decide what to bring to BE and what to donate to their little sister/brother or Salvation Army:- Jeans: they will always buy jeans no matter the season. They don't need to be extremely designer labeled - they will take levi's, mossimo (target), refuge (charlotte russe) all the way up to true religion and AG adriano goldshmied jeans (my favorite) ... if they are a good color/cut. Above-the-waist jeans offering a raindrop ass need not apply. Capri's are questionable...

If you do go, get the carrot cake, skip the filet mignon.Overall average. I was a little disappointed.Of course I had the filet. It was cooked as I ordered but seasoned a little heavily. I'm not sure it was really a prime cut of filet more like choice. It just didn't have the right flavor composition. Sides: mashed potatoes and creamed spinach neither of which I would order again. The spinach was too creamy. It was like warm cream cheese with a little spinach. The potatoes were supposed to be garlic Parmesan but i dont recall any garlic or Parmesan flavor but there was a puddle of grease on top and it didn't taste like butter. Cheesecake was good but after reading the other reviews I wish I had gotten the carrot cake.Sides are good, Steak is mediocre.Decent steak house for a chain restaurant.

- good lunch time deals

Overall this is an okay place to stay if you want the casino experience but want to avoid the strip. They need better food options inside, more night time activities, and bigger warmer jacuzzis.This place was just "ok".  The rooms were fabulous, but did smell of smoke (as others have indicated).  Getting the keys to work for anything was a pain...they didn't register for our room, the elevator, or the pool (and we noticed we weren't the only ones experiencing this).  The great of this hotel:  the pool.  If you don't like kids, don't come to this pool.  We, however, do have kids...so it was nice.  In addition, the servers were plentiful and kind.The not so great:  the casino floor.  Just had an overwhelming locals feel (yes, I know it's more of a locals place than not).  Service was slow, couldn't get comped a bottle of Goose Island IPA.  What's that all about?  Crappy beers, no problem.  Semi-crappy beers?  NOPE!Lucille's Smokehouse was FABULOUS.  What a wonderful restaurant; too bad they don't have one in San Diego.  Biscuits and butter are to die for, and loved that they had tootsie roll pops to take on the way out.All in all, we enjoyed our one night, but won't make another trip out here to stay.Overall the stay at red rock was nice because I was there for a family reunion. Unfortunately, the housekeeping service was horrible. The housekeeper didn't make the bed.. Just threw the comforter up and left the sheet pushed down. She left the pillows stacked in a corner instead of remaking the couch and left the toiletries for the length of the stay in a bag without unpacking them. She picked up all our towels off the racks without replacing them even when they state that they will leave the towels unless they are on the ground. I would expect her to at least replace them.Additionally, there was a jackhammer every morning starting at 9am. Ridiculous. We complained at got $50 off each room.The bars would not serve water or soda to guests without ID when that was the only location to get hydrated.The poolside would also not serve water as it is a "health hazard." Unacceptable. The pools were freezing but the cabana pools were a good temperature. The fruit platter was delicious.The bowling alley was a fun night activity. It was clean and there were tons of lanes. At night the lights go down and they play loud music and music videos.The hotel is a $60 cab ride from the strip though there is a free convenient shuttle.Great restaurant options at the resort including a buffet, noodle bar, and much more!Let me preface this review by saying we don't typically stay this far from the strip, but my wife had conference here.  The hotel itself is pretty nice.  We also opted for a one bedroom suite to make it more comfortable.There is lots to do for everyone - bowling alley and arcade, theater complex and they have hourly babysitting when the adults want to gamble for a bit.  There are many restaurants and some shopping choices in the casino.   Also, the location is in a more residential area.  You can find a ton more restaurants (local and corporate chains) along with grocery stores, one stop shops and everything in between within a few miles.  With that being said, it is 25 minutes or so from the strip.  This is a bit of an inconvenience if you frequent the strip daily as we do.This is a nice hotel off the strip and it's a nice place for families to stay.  That said the sensors in the fridge and on the snacks and water are very annoying (subtract a star).  If you remove anything for more than 45 seconds, they charge you for it!!  I've never heard something so ridiculous in my life.  You'd better make sure that your purse doesn't knock anything over or you will be charged!!  Crazy!  You can rent an empty refrigerator for $15 per day though!The resort is equipped with a bowling alley, several pools, a movie theater, an arcade and many restaurants.  The kids enjoyed it all.  I was disappointed in the food at the restaurants.  You can read my reviews for the individual restaurants.  The beds were comfortable and the pillows were nice.  I slept very well.  Unfortunately, they must be doing some renovations because the jack hammering started around 9 am (subtract another star).  So much for sleeping in!  It sounded as if it were directly above our room, which was on the 4th floor but apparently it went all the way up to the 10th floor!!  We had family staying on floors 2-10 (mostly on floors 6-8) and everyone was complaining about the jack hammering.  I tried calling the front desk to try to switch rooms, only to be transferred SIX times between operators and never being connected to the front desk.  Thankfully, they don't work on weekends.  I hope they finish the construction soon because it was very annoying.  No one wanted to go to the spa due to the noise.The pool cabanas were nice.  We rented 3-4 every day during our stay and got our own pool with the rental.  We also rented several lanes every night for bowling and the whole family enjoyed that.  The bowling alley is open until 2 am.Self parking was convenient and we were usually able to get a decent parking spot, not too far from the door.  The entrance is right by the Starbucks.Great place for a family reunion.  Overall we had a great time but the staff wasn't very accommodating when we wanted rooms near to each other - we were told that the rooms were already assigned on floors 6-8.  I ended up being moved to the 4th floor when I wanted any room that was available for check-in.  Considering how much money we were spending here, they should have at least tried to be more accommodating.What I like about this place is that everything is within the resort, including casino, spa, movie theater, arcade, food court, nice restaurant, and child care facility. The surrounding is nice new residential neighborhood with all the stores you need during your stay. We had a car with us, so we drove to nearby restaurants and grocery stores. The design of the hotel is modern and beautiful. The view of the red rock is amazing. The house keeping needs help, though. The rooms are not cleaned well, and dirt, dust, and mold were very visible. It seems that the hotel is understaffed because most of the staff we interacted were unhappy and needed a few reminder for each service requested or it never happened. We waited for a crib for 1 hour and were then told that they were out of crib after a few reminders were given, so our toddlers slept on the floor for a night. We were told that manager will call us first thing in the morning, but no one did.The guest room area were quiet, but the access from parking and casino, movie theater, bowling alley, and childcare were somewhat inconvenient. The direct elevator to the pool from each guest room floor was convenient.The child care facility could not accept our children because infant/toddler room was full for the day.The slot is tight, but the air quality is better than other casino resort. The pool is not heated. Even though the air temperature was 94 F degree then, the water was really cold, so we stayed there only briefly.We stayed here for 3 nights in a 2 queen bed room for about $700 total. We previously stayed at Bellagio and Venetian for Vegas trip. This place is OK, but not great like Bellagio and Venetian in terms of customer service quality. I hope it will improve soon because not too many other resorts near Vegas have good on-site childcare.This review will almost identical to my review of Downtown Summerlin. Red Rock is nice but no unique or special in any important way. In a town stuffed with casinos, all Red Rock offers is location and even that is less important than it used to be. Red Rock is nice enough but unless you're in the hood, there is no reason to drive to it. It's a destination for no really compelling reasonI 'm not one  to review casinos because I don't actually gamble. Not as a matter of principle , it's just that when the opportunity presents itself,I don't use it and don't care.This strikes me as a casino with a nice , relatively clean floor layout.It's not excessively noisy and it's well off the strip.There are a number of restaurants and bars and I rather liked the place.I had a very excellent Valentine's Day spa package . The Therapist were all very skilled , and it was a relaxing atmosphere . I received another gift card from spa, but have yet to use it , because they only provide complimentary use of spa to those using the therapist services. I hope in the future , I hope they allow locals to pay for use of the facilities, for a Day fee.Although the Red Rock casino is a nice hotel... here are some of the reasons why I gave it a 3 stars...  (this review is only about the general experience and has nothing to do with the actual rooms itself)Pros: - Newer and Nice Hotel

tuna tartare

-The drink was yummy. My mom liked it a lot. I think she drank more than I did!

(ratio of authenticity)You be the judge.(Find this useful, cool, or funny, please check accordingly)First of all, I have to say you cant beat the price here.  $6 Pho, come on now!!However, I wasn't too fond of the food itself.  I mean, it was OK but not "I have to drive 45 minutes just so I can come here to eat lunch" good.  We happen to be in the area and Yelp showed us the way.  The spring roll was meh ... not super fresh but it wasn't unfresh either.  Hard to explain but I definitely wouldn't get it again here and the peanut sauce was actually not good at all.  I was really disappointed with the sauce.I ordered their meat pho and the flavor was good.  I definitely think the place is good enough to try but when we are in the area - which is not often - we'll prob find another pho joint to try out.  For the price and "ok" food, you will enjoy.I have been coming here for years now. I keep coming back because I love Vietnamese food.  The prices here are super reasonable. I mean how can you beat $4.50 for a bowl of pho?  There tons of items on the menu for less than $6.00. Everything on the menu is pretty solid. Is it the best Vietnamese food ever, not even close. But I compare everything here to the wonderful Vietnamese food I had in California. I'm a bit of a pho snob too. Sadly I will be back when I need a pho fix since my options are pretty limited in Phoenix.The service here leaves much to be desired. Come here for some solid Vietnamese place and don't expect a fancy place with great service and you'll be ok.We ate here on Friday night.  The food was good, but our server and the location sucks ass.As soon as we pulled into the parking lot (we got the last parking spot in the whole lot) we were accosted by some cracked out, black dude looking for a couple of bucks.  We told him we had ONE dollar and he looked annoyed that we didn't have more.  I scrounged around in my purse for the dollar as he peppered my husband (who was halfway in the car unbuckling the baby from her carseat) with questions about if we also had some change we could give him too, my husband repeatedly said NO we had ONE dollar.  After I slipped the dollar to my husband he offered it to Mr. Crack Head who promptly snatched it up and started across the parking lot to hit up the other people pulling in, and my husband was so pissed that he didn't even have the decency to say "thanks" that he started yelling after him about learning some manners.  Ugh!!   Anyway, we get inside and I have half a mind to complain to the restaurant management that they have someone outside harassing all their patrons, but the cold stare from the less than friendly server we had, a young Vietnamese dude with a neck tattoo, dissuaded me from attempting anything more than giving him my order number.  I can understand that a young man in his mid-twenties (?) probably doesn't want to be working tables in (presumably) his family's restaurant at 7:30 on a Friday night, and I can even imagine that maybe, just maybe, his English isn't that good (but I kinda doubt it, he was probably born and raised in the US, unlike the older man at the register), but I simply can't understand why he couldn't fake a smile for us and make us feel slightly less like annoyances, and more like valued guests here to spend their hard cash and enjoy dinner??     Okay rant over, sorry.So we both ordered the beef Pho with brisket and the food arrived within a blazingly fast 5 minutes.  The soup was hot, hearty and delicious!  No complaints there.  At the same time we ordered the food we each also ordered the sweet young, whole coconut for drinks and, unfortunately, it took another 10 minutes for the coconuts to arrive.  But when they did arrive they were delicious.We were never checked on after we had our food and our drinks were dropped off at our table, but I guess that's okay since we didn't need anything else and we were able to make due without our server's cold stare and indifferent attitude.  Anyway, the food is fast, cheap and delicious.  The bill was only $16 for Pho and coconut drinks for 2 adults.  You can't beat that price with a stick. Minus a star for the awful location.  Minus a star for the crappy server.  Aside from that the food is worth braving the location and service.

All in all, it was OK.I have to admit that I had high hopes for this place. The restaurant itself is really dark inside, really dark. So we opted to eat out on the patio, which was a huge step forward in the atmosphere factor. Gorgeous water feature, great patio lighting, and nice candle lit tables. We started off with their chips and duo of salsas, which i have to admit, was very disappointing seeing that they were $2.99, where as I have had much better at places that offered them for free. Both the tomato and tomatillo salsas were just "ehh."  After that I ordered the lobster enchiladas and my wife ordered the NY carne asada, only to be later informed that they were out of the lobster enchiladas. A HUGE pet peeve of mine, especially having worked as a chef for 10 years, is when a kitchen is out of something, and the front of house isn't made aware of it at the beginning of service. I digress, so I then opted for the enchilada trio of crab and filet enchiladas and the green chile mac to share. The filet enchilada and the asparagus it was served with was delicious, but twice in the crab enchiladas I bit into crab shell shards. Now I understand that crab more than likely is ordered pre-picked and cooked, not a problem. But any respectable cook should know to pick through it once over before using it to avoid situations like this. The sauces used were excellent, especially the cascabel chile sauce. The NY carne asada that my wife ordered was amazing! Beautiful crusty char on the outside, nice medium rare in the middle, simply amazing. For me,  however, the star of the night was the green chile mac. Now looks can certainly be deceiving because when it came out it looked like Kraft deluxe mac and cheese. Boy was I wrong. Creamy, not to rich, great flavor with the roasted chiles and corn tossed in, serious mac and cheese for the mac and cheese lover. I reiterate, the STAR OF THE NIGHT! Would I give Carlsbad another shot? Yeah, I like to give restaurants 2 tries before ruling them out, and they did nothing to make me cut them off completely. For the most part, food was good and the service was standard.I took a group of out-of-towners (from London, specifically) here as I thought it would be the perfect blend of Southwest style without the cheese and all of the kitsch. And I have to admit, it was less pastel-pink-stucco-and-bleached-cow-skulls and more twisted-Old-West-mining-camp. You'd be more likely to spot a chupacabra lurking in the shadows here than a mint green gecko stenciled on the wall. So score on that one Carlsbad.I was mildly disappointed in the patio area - but my expectations were probably too high to begin with. Like when everyone and their mom raves about how amazing Avatar was, then you finally see it and go, yeah, I mean it was cool or whatever. The food was pretty good, and the blend of familiar (burgers) with New Mexican/Mexican variety. Makes it hard to find a diner who couldn't find something to eat here. After dinner, some of the party headed home and a small group of us moved to the bar area to have a couple more drinks and chat it up in a more lively atmosphere. Also a score for that change up in vibe.The one major complaint I have to share is that the server ran one card for the entire bill (we had two cards and the rest cash, with it clearly marked which card should be run for which amount) accidentally, before charging the card correctly. That wouldn't have been so bad, but he didn't bother to mention it, so my poor friend had quite the surprise when she checked her bank account to see that it was about $290 less than it should have been. I think it took about 3 business days to get that money back, and that's a long time to wait for almost $300 of your own money to get back to you. I'm sure it's a fluke and I doubt it's a common occurrence here, but sure was a bummer and not exactly handled professionally.If I come back, it would probably only be for day drinking and snacks or happy hour, or if I had more out of towners to entertain. I wasn't impressed enough to make my way out there for a regular dinner.Guacamole was delicious!!!!' we went for happy hour and had chicken quesadillas, filet tacos, and Carlsbad brochettes! They were all delicious only down fall I found a hair  :/ kind of grossA great late night spot when you're looking to stay out of Old Town, but not a place that I would make it a point to dine at otherwise.  For several years, "The Bat Cave" has been our late night stops after concerts, shows, etc. as they have a slightly abbreviated menu, but still offer many of their New Mexican dishes and drinks at a reasonable price.  The crab cakes are a great appetizer and are served on a bed of fresh greens with a very spicy habanero aioli.  My favorite entree is the green chile carne adovada burrito, of which I've also had a vegetarian version.  The carne adovada plate is good too since the meat is typically quite spicy, however, on occasion it can have some dry, leathery chunks of meat that seem like they've been severely overcooked.  In fact, there were a few times that I probably looked like a member of the Griswold family as they were trying to gnaw on the overcooked turkey at Christmas dinner (come on, everyone knows that scene!).  The enchiladas (one chicken, one shrimp) are so-so as there really isn't much spice involved and they tend to be oily and heaped with cheese.The food always comes out quickly, but the service in general is slow as we normally have to flag down a server passing by to get another round of drinks and the bartenders seem to be moving in slow motion when making a drink or opening a bottle of beer.  The atmosphere is unique (I said unique, not upscale or even overly clean) and the outdoor patio offers a nice waterfall for scenery.  They do at least make an attempt to segregate smokers onto one side of the divided patio so there is some chance that people can enjoy the patio without shortening their lifespan, but wind direction plays a critical role here.  If you set your expectations correctly, this place has some redeeming qualities and is worth stopping in to at least try it out.Been around the corner from this place for a couple years, guess it's about time my batwings brought me in...A good mix of happy hours specials from appetizers to salads. From spicy potstickers to salads, they've got a lot of variety. The drink special I got down with was the Tres Agave Margarita. (I know, quelle horreuer on the missing Malibu, but sometimes you've gotta try the specialties). The drink I asked for was on the rocks, lotsa salt. And boy, did they make it like I ordered it. It was good, not as good as a certain favorite margarita place of mine, but I'd give it a 4 star on a 5-star scale. Service was friendly and spot on. No empty glasses or dying for a drink around here. Guess the bat cave bartenders have some good drink radar going on. The food was average. Nothing spectacular. But it didn't repulse me or remind me of stuff I used to make in home ec class. So that's a plus. They did have Malibu behind the bar so when I return, I'll go back to my usual. Don't know if they use a pineapple gun or the cans. That may sway me into sticking with the margaritas :PEh I have experienced better, but I felt the 2 star mark was a bit harsh. I wasn't really disappointed in anything in our experience, I think my issue mostly was the fire burning in my chest for an hour after dinner. Their food is spicy!We were seated in the bar area, perfect because the Sunday night football game was on and we had a perfect seat to watch. We started off with a couple of bears and their crap cake appetizer. I enjoyed the crap, boyfriend thought it was bland, but he is from Michigan and has very high standards for crab, so we will ignore him. It came with a nice tossed salad and an extremely hot dipping sauce. If you like that sort of thing, awesome, if not you should stay away from the sauce. For dinner he got the roasted chicken with mac 'n' cheese, chicken was tasty and the mac 'n' cheese was to die for! I got the stacked enchiladas, subed green sauce for the red though, again their shit is spicy! The flavors of the meat were fantastic, however there is a lot going on with this place. I could only eat maybe a quarter of it. I would recomend both. They also have this burger on the menu that is pretty much 100% made out of hobenerros; mixed into the patty, on top of the patty and in a sauce on the burger. They even have a disclaimer on the menu stating "You order it, you own is." So not take backs. I witnessed a friend try to eat this once, it was so hot he just got made about it. Spitefully ate the whole thing those, I am pretty sure it gave him an ulcer or two. Over all good place, but I wouldn't venture back unless it was very convenient to my location and I was in the mood for some heart burn and breathing fire.Carlsbad Tavern is hit or miss for me. Their food is pretty good, and they have some unique options. Their New Mexican potstickers were good, except they were obviously microwaved. their filet tacos are good, except they have come out cold on occasion. Usually their black beans are delicious, however the last time we went they were ice cold, and had no seasoning, as if they had just come out of the can. The macacha beef chimi is really good, although it often has more onions than beef in it. The food here is spicy, so if you get indigestion easily I would pop a zantec before you eat! The service is also hit or miss. Sometimes we'll get someone friendly and attentive, other time's we'll get someone that basically acts like a dick. I hate having servers that are dicks. It kinda ruins the whole meal. I work in the service industry, no matter how terrible of a day I'm having or how rude of a client I have, I'm still NICE. Not nice servers makes me sad. Sorry, this review is going on and on and on. Basically, I like this place. I just wish they could step it up a little. Be a little more consistent, ya know?I'm wavering between 2 and 3 stars. Good thing I had a dang good sandwich...So, this place is kind of funny. I live right down the street and had no idea it existed--It's kind of tucked back in a parking lot. The gigantic fake waterfall outside the front entrance makes you feel like you're about to stand in line for one of those water rides where you're thrown around in a log boat at an amusement park. There are bats decorating the whole place. It's just funky.We were greeted by the bartender, who sat the 5 of us (me, parents, grandparents) and promptly walked away. It became very clear to me that the one lone server was in over his head (although I only saw 2 tables outside by the waterfall and one other table besides us) while we waited AND WAITED to be greeted. Bartender had no one to tend bar for. She couldn't have at least helped the dude out and taken our drink orders? Server was slightly spastic but nice enough. It took a while to get our drinks and then even MORE of a while to place our order. He was running in and outside like a crazy person. To his credit our order came out correctly.The menu is semi-hilarious. It's inside a fake newspaper and boasts all kinds of tex-mex/grill/general meat-loving delicacies. Being a vegetarian, I was all "buh" but thought the "Portales Portabella" sounded delicious. ...AND IT WAS. At huge sandwich of a basamic-marinated portabella on fresh focaccia with different roasted peppers, red onion, pepperjack and avocado. Hot diggity (what?) it was good. I could barely eat half and savored the leftovers for the next meal. It was served with a huge portion of seasoned fries. My grandma tried the green chili mac and a side order portion was pretty huge. It was tasty--pepperjack and cheddar cheese, corn, chiles...all served in a tortilla-covered bowl. Have you heard my new rap song, carbsoncarbsoncarbs?In all, it was an OK lunch. Again, I was pretty appalled by the lack of help the one server got from the bartender and manager who seemingly had not much to do. Maybe I'm just sensitive to my fellow service industry family?We came here for lunch one day at work and we were all super excited to try the habanero burger.  The three of us who went all like spicy food.  While the burger itself was good, spicy would be a loose description of it.  I would come back here but I would ask for the burger to be way spicier.  We will come back I am sure but hopefully the peppers will have some more kick.It was okay, not the best, but not the worst. Service was good and the chips/guac were pretty tasty. However, my entree wasn't that great - expected more I guess.Came here for my birthday lunch. Food is good and ambiance is nice, but they could give a crap if it's your birthday. Believe me, don't need the song and dance, but when your table is clearly celebrating something, it seems like the polite thing to do to just say "happy birthday".Was a great day to sit on the patio, fountains were fountain-ing, and psrking's plentiflu/easy.Two of us had the Carl's Chicken Sandwich, which had a bunch of good flavors. Side salad was nicely put together and not just iceberg lettuce. The third person had the Southwest Patty Melt with fries--also very good. The tangerine margarita wasn't too bad. Prices vary between steep and reasonable.Will we go back? Meh...This is a cool restaurant.  I didn't explore too much of it, but it has a nice bar and the outside seating area is really pretty, with multiple levels and waterworks.  When we ate here it was a little chilly still at night, so the heat lamps were appreciated.Service was a little spotty all night.  We ran dry on water a few times, and it seemed like it took forever for our food to come out.  We had some chips and salsa (mediocre, unfortunately, and not free, doubly unfortunately) to tide us over, but things were definitely not moving quickly.The main courses, though, were good.  I had the stacked enchiladas, which were so big and different they barely registered as enchiladas.  They had good spice to them, though, and I liked being able to have two different meats going on.  The fried egg was a bit unnecessary, though.  I was hoping for a runny yolk, because I love me some runny yolks, but it didn't have one, and thus didn't add much.Tanya enjoyed her Tesuque chicken salad.  It did have a surprising amount of spice to it between the veggies and the tasty dressing.  The jalapeno bacon was good, too, but the tortilla crusted chicken was more crust than chicken, which was a bit disappointing.Our companions had lobster enchiladas, which seemed to be the biggest hit of the night, and crab stuffed poblanos, which were also popular.  I didn't get to try those, so that's just hearsay, but they appear to be safe bets.Overall, things were mostly good, but there were some little issues that held it back from being a great meal.  I would definitely come back, though.Visited recently for the first time.  Enjoyed happy hour appetizers on the patio.  Cool place for outdoor dining, the waterfall added a nice background.  They offer smoking and non-smoking on separate sides of the patio.  Of course you know that if anyone is smoking, the entire area gets to "enjoy" the smoke.  Being a non-smoker, I would appreciate an true non-smoking area but being outdoors was too compelling to pass on this beautiful day.  Another small observation - the tables were too low for the chairs causing you to lean over to eat and the chairs were not comfortable at all.  We ordered chicken quesadilla & crab cake appetizer.  The quesadilla was made w/ green chiles and cheese, served w/ green & red salsa.  Didn't care for the red salsa but the green was pretty good, rather mild.  A side of sour cream was all that was missing here.  Crab cakes were ok, nothing special.  Served w/ a nice side salad it made a very good small meal.  A side of some kind of orange sauce (chipotle?) for the crab cakes that seemed really HOT to me - skip this next time please.Just based on the outdoor atmosphere alone, I would definitely come back again.Carlsbad Tavern is a very nice find that is right next to where I live.  That will be great when I can drink it up and just walk home without having to worry about a DUI!  I came here with my dad, so my entrees were strictly vegetarian.  I could smell the seafood and could tell the specialties here are more seafood oriented.  I will have to update this once I try something like a crab enchilada, but the smell was wonderful.  The flavors in my vegetarian burro and my dad's blue corn cheese enchiladas were amazing.  It wasn't so hot spicy, but there were a lot of amazing flavors.  If you get an item, I do highly recommend them to put easy on the cheese because I felt like half my plate had melted cheese.  I got a skinny margarita to go along with it.  The one downside is that they don't offer complimentary chips and salsa.  We actually ordered some, and it came after our food.  I was a little bit disappointed by the cost of it and the late delivery, which is why I give it a 3-star.  This will probably change after another visit, but this is just my first impression.I had such a fabulous visit to Carlsbad back in 2011 that I couldn't wait for a return trip this year.  Unfortunately, the most recent reviews have been spot on:  the service and quality of the food has dropped a few notches.This year I tried the chile rellenos and actually really enjoyed it.  But my mom and sister's meals arrived lukewarm.  We all enjoyed our meals, but weren't wowed enough to make a return visit in the future.The best thing about this place is the décor. It's incredible with flowing water and festive lights everywhere. I would have loved to sit outside but members of our party voted against it. Other than that I wasn't impressed. Everything was spicy. Everything! The beans and rice that accompanied most meals. The pico de gallo was on fire. The guacamole needed a fire extinguisher. The only thing on the menu that wasn't spicy was the cheeseburger. I wish someone would have told me this before we sat down.  Our service also left much to be desired. We were there about 2pm on a Friday and the place was pretty empty. Regardless of that fact our server still forgot everything! He forgot drinks. He forgot sides. He forgot refills. He did not forget his snarky attitude when we asked for recommendations on what wasn't spicy. Oh but he did forget to tell us that things like guac and beans were spicy If you like spicy (which most of Arizona does apparently) try it here, but I won't be back.Decent food, mediocre service. We were in town for Spring Training, and while Adam and I are pretty open to trying new places, my aunt and uncle are less inclined. So we found somewhere (thanks, Yelpers) that seemed to have a pretty solid selection of Mexican food. And that's what we found.The food is in no way mind-blowing, but it's different enough that you don't find everything on the menu at a standard chain Mexican place. Our drinks were tasty, and they have a pretty wide selection of cocktails and beer to keep the crowd happy. The ambiance is nice - even though it was pretty crowded, we were seated fairly quickly on the patio, and we didn't have to shout to have a conversation. Our service, though, was pretty mediocre, and we had to flag down our waiter several times because he would not regularly check on us. Overall, if we're back in Scottsdale next year, I'll probably venture somewhere new.My son wanted to go here for his Birthday. It is a little drive from where we live. The decor inside was supposed to have a cave look with bats. (Not Real Ones) HeHe. I had heard that everything was really spicy. This I did not find the be true. I got the Carne Adovada plate. The meal was good but not spicy at all. I may not be the one to judge of what is spicy as I am a hatch chili fan. The hotter the better. This is one place you don't get free chips and salsa. We ordered the chips and salsa. Their salsa was good but again not very spicy. Everyone enjoyed their meal. The service was good. The meals were reasonably priced maybe a little higher than I am used to paying for the same type of meal where you get free chips and salsa. I did not like paying for the chips and salsa. I would definitely eat there again if I was in the area but not good enough to travel 30 miles just to eat.Eat Good FoodI came here once before and they had really good late night food so I thought I would try it again for dinner. But to be honest, it wasn't anything to be jazzed about and a little overpriced for how boring the food was. My dad had the rotisserie chicken which came with green chilli mac and cheese, but it didn't even have actual green chillies in it. I had blue corn enchiladas which were good, just not great.We love this place, a standard choice for us a couple times a month for happy hour, late night eats or breakfast.  The brunch/breakfast fair is outstanding, if you enjoy a bit of heat and southwest fair in your food.  Unfortunately the breakfast starts late, so if you're early risers it is hard to wait 'til 10am for opening.  I regularly take my house guests or out of town friends here for the experience; they've done a great job on the design and the food is always great!~3.5I was wanting to take my bf out to Brat Haus, but after reading the reviews decided to let it season up a bit. looking for places near Old Town, I read about Carlsbad Tavern and since I have a new fondness to green chile, we decided to come here. We were greeted promptly at the door and asked if we wanted to seat in the bar or the dining room. The inside is pretty small from what I saw (compared to the patio area), and we decided to sit in the bar. Used my Yelp check in for free chips & salsa, which were okay. I had a skinny margarita, as it was HH and it was very good and strong. We both had burritos, I had the green chile burrito with adovado, which was very good! I had the leftovers today which were just as delicious. The only reason this isn't a 4 is because the interior could use some attention, even though it's campy, there was visible dust and cobwebs. Either way, I'll probably be backA group of us went here for dinner Friday night since the restaurant we wanted to was super busy as it was restaurant week. I've driven by this place several times but never thought to go in. Their big bat sign in the front looks like Batman should dine there and I was never sure exactly what that place was. However, I remember reading a review not too long ago for this place that my friend wrote and decided that I wanted to put it on my list of places to try. We got seated right away which was great since they looked pretty busy. The lighting inside is super dark. Their menus are printed on mock-newspapers which are very hard to read and not practical when you have 5 people crammed into a booth. After fighting each other off with our elbows and putting the menus 2 inches from our face so that we could read them, we all decided on what to get. Make sure you check-in too since you get a free chip and salsa app (free refills!). I wasn't too hungry since I had a big lunch so I opted for the crab cakes. The entrees were all pretty pricey, not that the crab cakes weren't but they were still cheaper. When they came out, there were two small crab cakes buried in dressingless salad on top of a grilled tortilla. The crab cakes were pretty good, nothing spectacular. The presentation was pretty odd and seems very inefficient money wise. Vegetables are not cheap and they wasted a lot of perfectly good greens. I tried eating some of it since I don't like to waste food but since it didn't come with any dressing and I'm not a bunny, I left the majority of it on my plate. I tried my boyfriend's quesadilla and it was pretty good. The serving wasn't huge, like half the size of a tortilla. They also used some kind of cheese that I didn't like, it was a little too pungent for me to use with a quesadilla. My friend got the pork chops and let us try a small bite. I don't really care for pork but I have to say that it was really good. The glaze/sauce that it was covered in was sweet and just right. Maybe I didn't order the right thing, but I didn't want to spend a ton of money on food when I wasn't that hungry. If I were going to spend that much money on an entree, I'd rather go somewhere else. The service was great and our server made sure that our glasses were always filled with water. Overall, this place was kind of a miss for me but now I can say that I've been to the bat cave and wont have to wonder any more.We were in the Scottsdale area for a conference and decided to stray away from the typical conference food when we happened upon Carlsbad Tavern.Upon first entering, we appreciated the kitschy southwestern decor and were pretty impressed by the outdoor seating. I ordered the chicken-fried chicken, while my husband ordered the Enchantment platter. The mashed potatoes that came with my order were so, so, SO good and my husband raved about the carne adovado. The reason for the three stars is the slo-o-o-o-o-w service.Michael Martin Murphy might have said "it's a long way back to New Mexico", but in Phoenix, you can take a short ride down Hayden from Old Town Scottsdale to Carlsbad Tavern for a great taste of New Mexico.this place is really cool.  As you might be able to gather, the restaurant is "named after" the Carlsbad Caverns.  (Did you know that a Cave is technically not the same thing as a Cavern but that a Cavern is a cave?)  The ambiance/decor of the restaurant is a cavern theme.  When you approach the building from the outside, it looks like you're approaching a "cavern".  When you walk inside, the restaurant looks like a cavern!  There is a moat with water outside that runs through the patio area. I've been to CT for large lunches and smaller casual dinners.  I love the patio outside for this!  Oh, on the cooler spring evenings, that patio is addicting and intoxicating.Now, for the food.  I have ordered several things from that menu.  I enjoy the Green Chile Stew.  It was the first thing I ordered when I went there, and I'm one of those weirdo creatures of habit, I"ve probably ordered that 75% of the times I've been there.  I've ordered the Caverns Chicken Salad and I think it was Lobster Enchilladas more than once.  Their Sopas are very addictive.  You've been warned. what I like about their food is that every darn thing is so cheesy!  They put a lot of cheese their food.  If you're looking for HOT/Heat, they can certainly spice up your life.  Their menu warns you about the spice level of certain food items.  I would say heed it, but you won't listen to me, now will you.  I tried that Habanero Burger and got half the pepper on the side... it was not that bad at all.  hehe...Give them a a try, you will like it.Pretty good.  Chicken came out cold but they rectified it by warming it up.  Good selection of drinks.  Nice spacious patio.Fun patio.Go to Carlsbad for quality food, late-night or earlier. The servers are friendly and they're ready with beer. Unfortunately we weren't cautioned of the size of our foursome's order.All dishes are of large, if not massive, quantity. The nachos with chicken fed four of us, such that only I could finish my entree after a lot of face-stuffing of their good burger.This place is fine--I can't say I have very strong feelings about it either way.The cave ambiance is definitely unique but it's a bit strange. There were also a LOT of kids in the restaurant, so it's a good place to go with a family. Margaritas were weak and watered down. Food was okay, but not nearly as good as other New Mexican spots like Blue Adobe or Dick's Hideaway. I had the Green Chile burrito and it was good but not amazing. Watered down New Mexican food, if that's your thing.This place is pretty cool. The inside is pretty dark feeling. At night it can be somewhat difficult to navigate your way through or even read your menu. The best part is outside! Outside on the patio they have a pretty "stream/mote" whatever you want to call it, with the misters a great combo. The menus are on newspaper that looks like its out of a western which is cute.My favorite dish is the chicken fried steak, it's delicious! As far as an appetizer the skewers are good with mean and veggies. My favorite, and most unhealthy, green chili mac and cheese. Yum! I have been 3 times and each time service has been slow. That and the inside being dark are my only complaints. Other than that this is a great place for happy hour or to grab some dinner with friends/family. One out of the three was a date and I wasn't impressed for a first date.The potsticker were delicious. The green chile stew was a bit too spicy for my taste. Service was attentive.Ordered fajitas-pretty goodMy sister go chilie relleno- even betterIt's kinda cool here outside seating-although river feels a little cheesy/man made/disney like-I don't really get it? Seemed a little pricey $15 meals-They are huge though

i was hoping for authentic. it was more of a commercial tasting restaurant. family friendly and clean....so it wasnt horrible...just wasnt my flavor.Eh, it was alright. The lunch specials come with a huge amount of food- more than enough to warrant a siesta afterwards! I had the red chile burrito lunch ($7.99), which came enchilada-style, with rice and your choice of beans (Refried, charro, black).We were promptly served chips and our waitress took our drink order quickly once we were seated. The chips were a huge portion and size, served with salsa and refried beans. The red chile was made with large chunks of beef. Although I appreciated that they used whole chunks, they were bordering on the side of being too large to eat with one bite. The whole meal itself wasn't too remarkable, but it had decent flavor and service was good as we made excellent time within our lunch break.I love Garcia's for their nachos and margaritas. Unfortunately, the service was poor.This is my second time going here for my nails. The first time I came, I came with my daughter. Was greeted nicely upon entering. Didn't have to wait long. Wanted stiletto nails. Didn't really get what I asked for, but really liked the technician who was doing my nails so I ended up with a full set with gel nail color added to the top. The lady who did my nails threw in free nail design. My daughter's nails came out really cute. Although her gel nails only lasted about a week before peeling off.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5pMNyj77S1P3rrT69y1pkQ?select=DLRrNqxUOi4C-ZruqGljlA

Al Tartufo: Risotto which I recommended because wasn't that Heather's specialty? It was a bit tasteless... the truffles were a nice touch but we were thinking it was a bit bland. I usually really love risotto.

( I honestly didn't find a difference in the quality of food from this buffet to Old Country except Mandalay Bay charges $35)Lobby  A

Though the service was great and amazing, the food really lacks.I've got to be in the mood for burgers, but when I am.. This place is "alright". The only reason why I came here for lunch was due to the fact that I work in Henderson along with me and my friend getting some shopping done at Galleria Mall. Otherwise, if that weren't the case I would not have opted for lunch here.The burger selection is alright at best. I guess I can say I'm only a fan of theirs due to their bottom-less basket of fries with additional Red Robin seasoning - YUM! Their shakes are pretty deliciously as well, but this is a burger joint. You don't go to a steak house for their mashed potatoes, right? Same thing here: you don't go to a burger joint for their fries and shakes.I can say that my waitress was a doll and was constantly checking up on us. I'm a big fan on excellent customer service, which is probably why she got a decent tip from both of us.To sum it up, if I'm in the mood for some delicious fries and a good shake then I'll come here. If I'm in the mood for a good burger, I'll head elsewhere.Never thought I would differentiate between Red Robins, but there really are differences! I greatly prefer the RR out near Summerlin. This location is a bit difficult to get to with all the mall construction, but if you're looking for it from the inside it's in the middle of the upper level. LOVE the bottomless fries! Had the California Chicken sandwich, and should have paid more attention because bacon, mayo, and avocado is really overkill on the same sandwich. Ended up ditching the mayo-soaked bottom bun - we're not counting calories on vacation, but damn!Decided to grab a couple drinks, and I wouldn't recommend the Long Island - ironically it tasted pretty much like a virgin mocktail, and had about the same effect. The Blue Moon shake is friggin' delicious, though, if you have room for some ice cream. :-) Service was alright - I feel like this location is putting a lot of pressure on their staff to upsell drinks and desserts. Can't fault my server for that, so tone it down, management! If I'm staying out in Henderson again, I'd return with a more selective eye. The surrounding mall/shopping is great!Good food on service it random as to the quality.  There bathrooms are always nastey and hour clean a bathroom is reflected how clean a kitchen is so get on it.  I will say they are good at keeping your fries full.It's been about a year since I first went to this Red Robin. If you're getting that I go for the free birthday burgers, you're correct!I remember few details about the first visit. One thing that did stick out is the rather expansive feeling of the restaurant last time. Some time recently, they must have changed their layout. I got seated in a 21+ area with bar seating and stool seats, and it felt more comforting not to have the entire restaurant to my back. I'm not a fan of how some of the bright lighting can get into your eyes if you look around, but I suppose that's better than a dimly lit diner.You should know that you should sign up on their web site for their "royalty rewards" program, which includes the birthday burger. After providing my phone # to confirm that I had my reward and double-checking which burgers I was eligible for (only the regular menu burgers and chicken burgers, not the expensive specials), I picked the A1 Peppercorn Burger. I asked for pink, but it took a few bites until I started seeing some pinkness. I'm guessing the heat was uneven on the flattop or what have you, but at least I got some medium cooked portions. There was plenty of peppercorn sauce and melted pepper jack cheese to cover for any potential dryness issues, and the crunchy onion strings, savory bacon, and not-too-thick onion bun made this a pretty solid burger.I would have thrown four stars their way for the burger on its own, but the bottomless steak fries are pretty lacking. It's not just that they need more seasoning, but that a lot of them aren't very crispy at all on the outside. These fries are thick, so they need that textural contrast and some flavor. They become a chore at times, and eating them in the same mouthful as a bite of burger helps a lot. Maybe I should have asked them to cook the fries longer or something. I was thinking of subbing in sweet potato fries for $1.49 more, but I decided not to spend anything more than the gratuity that I would have been responsible for in a full-priced meal (yes, that's a thing... don't shortchange the server just because of a special offer).Speaking of which, service was pretty solid. My server (Amanda) checked on me a few times and I got to ask for my second helping of fries when I wanted to. Around the time that I finished eating, she did get carried away with helping a customer at the bar seating and took a while to present my ($0.00) check, but I wasn't in a hurry. I probably could have waved her over easily if I was.I'd go back here once a year. I can locate better burger joints, chains or local spots alike, for the other 364 days.It's changed a lot since the first time I went a long while ago at least to this location, wayyyyy before I started yelping. I guess they're trying to class it up a bit? The burgers and fries used to come in baskets but now they come on a plate which is cool but it's whatever to me. They'll still always be the same in my mind! But really we're here for the food....or at least some of us are.I decided to try the guacamole burger, minus the bacon (I don't do bacon, sorry!), and substituted mayo for chipotle aioli sauce and the regular burger for a gardein burger. So the subbing the burger for a vegetarian or vegan (they got those too) option was no charge....subbing the mayo for chipotle aioli was $0.50, it would be no big deal if there was actual sauce and if they asked me if it was okay/told me there would be a charge for subbing it. I tasted practically nothing but saw a smudge on the bottom of the burger. I'm not too happy about that. Not to mention the guacamole was a puree and well you could hardly tell it was there either. So this burger was a big bust for me and a serious disappointment. Bottomless steak fries? I can always go for fries! They tasted the same as I always remembered. Nothing too special about them, I like it with a little bit more of their seasoning so thankfully they leave a bottle of that on the tables! I rarely get dessert while I'm out eating dinner because I always over stuff myself, but this time I decided to treat myself and wished I didn't.I got a the red velvet cake. Normally you get a rich cream cheese icing with a moist cake. Well I got a dried cake that tasted like it was a couple days old not to mention left out all day and the rich cream cheese icing tasted nothing like cream cheese icing that I know. So I was doubly disappointed.They also ran out of all the seasonal taps that night but had one IPA on tap that I decided to try. It had a goose on it, I forgot the name, but I liked it. Nothing too special about this beer though. I'm not a fan of being sat at by the bar, but that's where they put me and so I dealt with it. Next time I'm going to the Eastern location even if it's a bit farther from me. I think I'm a bit too disappointed with this visit to go back here.Since the renovation of the restaurant it looks more appealing to the eye. It was nice how it's a family friendly restaurant & the customer service was awesome. I give this place three stars, because their food is mediocre. There is nothing special about the burgers. It's nice they have a variety of burgers to chose from, but when you bite into the burger it's not anything spectacular. Also I don't like how they have steak cut fries I'm more of a shoestring type of person.Service at the bar was excellent! Sadly, every hour is happy hour I found out when I visited at about 4pm. So glad they dont look down on you or give you worse service for cashing in on a free birthday burger offer. 2 star missing because the burger came out warm. I mean the burger had no sizzle or steam. ive had fast food burgers hotter than that thing. They offer endless fries but offer about 12 with the entree. Necessitating my request for another round of 12 fries. It seems silly to be honest. Put enough on the first plate so I dont have to ask for more. Jeez oh man. Ive loved Red Robin for awhile but with so many other options i wouldnt go out of my way to go back.Based on my most recent visit, I am tempted to give 2 stars. But considering the past when I've had above average experiences, I will stick with 3.

Service was ok.A bit greasy.

 Usual menu, pretty quick service as you might expect, and a clean and efficient set up. 'Very' city centre location should mean it will be a busy place.

what makes or breaks is often staff

If I come back will be no food and not very oftenFirst walked in and atmosphere was pretty cool with pretty ladies. It was kinda confusing at first on who to go to cause there was like no one at the front desk as a hostess or something... But some guys told us to go to a lady and we just said for 5 people and was basically trying to get a fast but good service.

-Setas al ajillo con La Serena - Bland

souffle was big! i dont know how they got it to be so fluffly and perfect! it was injected with yummy chocolate which worked wonderfully. It was unusualy airey but not cakey.....and the ramekin was lined with sugar which gave it a nice sweet bite. im very happy with this order.

The place is located in the small mall that connects Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  It has sort of a grill and bar feel to it.  Super casual.  Their menu includes a build your own burger option, build your own milkshake and build your own sundae option.   Great it you are super picky, not good if you are indecisive!  I tried the top sirloin burger and added a few fixings.  I noticed that they had about everything you could think of to make your perfect standard to gourmet burger.  I was in the mood for a Hawaiian burger, but noticed they have everything BUT teriyaki sauce.   Bummer.  When I got my well done (by choice) burger, I noticed that the bun to meat ratio was a bit off.  "Where's the beef?"  I would have preferred a flatter patty so that it covers the span of the bread.  My first bite included everything but meat.  Verdict.  It was good, but not entirely great.  I could have settled for an In-N-Out burger.  Ouch.Service was excellent.  You gotta love Vegas for that reason.    There are TV's at each booth which is set to ESPN and a few huge TV's at the bar.TIP #1: If you like mayo, ask for the chipotle aioli.  It's a hint of smoky, garlicky pepper aioli (mayo).  Surprisingly tasty.LOVED LOVED LOVED LOVED the burger.  Only issue was the incredible olive tapanade there was suppose to be on it, was only on the center of the burger.  Which i am sure was probably not intended.  But once I half way through and all the flavors bursted onto my pallette... MMMmmmm!We ordered the signature "burger desserts".  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT? why? well, i am sure when Mr Keller came up with the menu and said "warm donut... blah blah", he meant a "warm donut".  I got an ice cold donut with non melted "chocolate ganache".... I sent it back. And it looked as if they put the top of the donut burger in the microwave. So i went to pick up the whole thing again, and the bottom was ICE COLD. needless to say, i was upset, and sent it back. So, all the components are there, I am thinking there is one person in the kitchen (or more...) that is not up to par.We will be back again, but hopefully the chef that day, will not.i came here on a friday night, and was surprised there was no wait! we got seated promptly, which was great because i was starving from a day of drinking beer. so what better way to satisfy my hunger than to... order another beer as a starter! i had their black angus burger. honestly, i was expecting a little more from it. i was still a little hungry after inhaling it, but i guess it just didn't wow me. i've had better burgers, but then again i've had a lot worst. personally, the quality of the meat is good, but i wouldn't go out of my way to go here again...great selection of beers though...I think my experience at Burger Bar was just OK because I didn't actually get a burger (I had the chicken sandwich), so keep that in mind. It also took a little while to get seated (though not the 45 mins they quoted us, luckily!) For the cost, the chicken sandwich was just OK. WAY too big (but really most things in Vegas are out-of-control huge anyway). The zucchini fries that were recommended to me weren't as good as I'd hoped. A bit too greasy and not zucchini-y enough, if that makes sense. I think they had too much breading. The sweet potato fries I tried off someone else's plate were great, though. I love sweet potato fries! Those at my table who got burgers seemed a lot more happy with what they got than I did... So definitely go for a burger if you go there. I was also intrigued by the build-your-own milkshake, but after the HUGE amount of food (and seeing the $7 price point) I wasn't in the mood for one. Maybe someday!mmmm..yummy.of course I don't eat meat anymore.  By that, I mean I only eat chicken, turkey, fish and sooometimes bacon.  Which also means that I ate a turkey burger that was hey!  A-ok!We have The Counter out here in good old L.A. so the price comparison was like (Kristy puts two hands on either side of her face and wiggles her eyeballs rapidly back and forth) "CUCKOO, CUCKOO".  But you know it's Vegas and we expected as much.  I got turkey with shrooms and gouda.  Also tried the burger bar beer, very good.  On the way out these guys were all, "how come your friend didn't finish her beer?"  to which she replied, "this is my third!" so the guys said they weren't leaving till she chugged it......the burgers looked a little more rare the second time we saw them.I think because this place has such a high profile and gourmet rep, my friends and I expected a sort of higher-end atmosphere. In reality, it felt more like a nice diner or cafe. We grabbed dinner here before a show and it was perfect for exactly this purpose, as opposed to making it the highlight of a night out.That said, the burger I had (with bacon and cheddar cheese, $13) was fabulous and the service was great. Even the vegetarian at the table had options and was happy with her meal. Great lunch or casual dinner in Vegas.I actually liked the sports bar atmosphere of this place  Great place to watch your football wagers win while filling up.  also love the beer selection(chimay and fat tire on tap).  Tried the surf and turf burger with bacon.  Burger was good, maybe a little underseasoned.  Lobster was a tad bit over cooked.  Wish it were grilled instead of steamed Bun was good.  The kicker on this burger was asparagus.  Surprisingly good!  Overall the burger was a bit dry, could have benefitted from some sort of sauce.  This place cooks its burgers to steak temps which maybe a little rare for a lot of people.  The fries were the most disappointing part of the meal.  The skinny fries came with my meal.  They tasted very generic.  they were the type that has that crispy coating(potato flour I think)  But they were uninspired for a a burger joint.  Thought in/n/out's fries blew these away.  Not too expensive for a celebrity chef joint.The burgers are pretty good, especially all of the choices available for customization. The different types of fries are also good. My main complaint is the interior--it is cramped and not all that exciting. As well, the service is sometimes off.We were in Vegas for the Britney Spears 'Circus' tour at Mandalay Bay!We were walking around the casino and shops and started to get hungry. We noticed this place called the 'Burger Bar' and decided to check it out. It was a really cool bar set up located along the shop row at Manadalay Bay!The service was just okay! I have had better!

Decor is weird; sort of formal which does not suit the vibe.

None of their salads sounded good, but I'm picky with dressings. I'm sure they're great. I could have eaten burgers and fries but I'm really trying to eat healthy! SOOO I got a cup of soup and it was overpriced and wasn't "stop the presses" fantastic. My bad.

- i was disappointed by the size of the lunch entree.  i ordered the panini, with 2 meatballs.  it's literally half a sandwich, cut on a diagonal.  the meatballs are bigger than a golf ball, but not by much.  i think i was expecting Buca di Beppo size meatballs, because it's a meatball restaurant.  or at least a whole sandwich.  the dish of sauce that accompanies the meatballs was delicious, and there was enough to dip the sandwich in.  - maybe I'm too old, but i felt that it was too dark in the booth that we were seated in.- some of the waitstaff wore tshirts with the restaurant name on hem, but many others just seemed to wear whatever they wanted. I wasn't sure who was working there vs. not.  - though i liked the atmosphere, it's very similar to tenpenny, right around the corner.i'm giving this three stars, mostly due to the portion size of the panini being much smaller than I expected.For a place that completely dedicates itself to meatballs I feel they should be of better quality.  I tried the meatball grinder, and although the size and price were great the meatballs them self lacked any distinctive flavor.  They weren't  juicy enough and lacked moistness, honestly just average.  It would be tough for me to justify a visit back when I have had better of their only item at italian restaurants nearby.  The crab balls were a nice special.The rooftop bar is great for drinks but I wouldn't say it's worth the wait if busy. Their menu is limited and if you ate vegetarian, there is not nearly anything to sample from. Drinks ok. Meh.Well, I will hand them this...they've got balls.  BIG balls...well, ok, not all THAT big. If you listened to the foodie social pages, they'd say they had the biggest balls of all.But the balls I paid $16 to put in my mouth were NOT all that big.Last year at this time, I wanted to treat my co-worker to dinner for her birthday, and we ended up at Mahoney's, where the server left part of poor Rachel laying on the floor until we left. This year, I left the choice up to my co-worker, and she wanted the balls. So off we went to Sienna Mercato after work.Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere...Ok, so enough of the silliness. We both ordered the saucy balls, not to be confused with the Schwetty Balls, which consisted of four balls of choice over a bed of your choice. My co-worker had been here previously, and had tried the beefy balls, and found them to be tough, and she had tried the pork balls and liked them. So we both ordered the spicy pork balls, served on a bed of mac n cheese, hers with creamy Parmesan, and mine with 'Government' cheese. I don't recall what 'sauce' she ordered to top her balls, but I chose the mushroom gravy.Gleefully, they are Coke people, so we both ordered Diet Cokes. The sodas arrived, and we both sipped at about the same time, and both of us developed the same look on our faces. This was regular coke, not diet. The server was very pleasant, and made the switch. Ahhhhhh, that was better. Oh look...six TV's with sports coverage...now there's something different.The female service staff all looked very clean cut. The male service staff...well...kinda looked liked they'd just crawled out of bed, and dressed from the hamper. Just sayin'...After about fifteen minutes of small talk and soda sipping...our bowls of balls were placed before us.Now, just to give you a hint about how big the balls are...in almost all of the photos that have been posted, you will see what looks like a wooden skewer impaled into a meatball on the plate. Items in mirror may appear larger than they do in real life. This is not a skewer, but is actually a wooden sandwich pick with a bead on it. Now that you have an actual scale to think of, that ball doesn't look so big now, does it? And...they're not.Are they tasty? Yes. Are they phenomenally spectabulous, take your breath away, freakin' magnificent like the balls your Italian Nana cooked up with her famous gravy? Um...they're about the same...except Nana had bigger balls, and really WANTED you to mangia all of them. We had four. On top of a spoonful of mac n cheese seasoned with (as far as my tongue would guess) Old Bay seasoning.The mushroom gravy was brown...and at one point when the server came by I asked her if the mushroom gravy was supposed to have mushrooms in it. She said yes, and that it did. But she 'believed' they were pureed. Hmmmmm. Good cover for no chunks.Now, according to the latest price index, ground pork currently stands around $2.50 per pound. That's NOT allowing for a bulk discount usually afforded to a restaurant purchaser. These four balls certainly were not a full pound, and I'm pretty darned sure that in usual meatball style, they were cut with some bread crumbs, bound with an egg, and with a pinch of seasoning added. Your average box of mac n cheese, which will serve four according to the box, starts around fifty cents. Gravy - milk, flour, some pork fat, already made with the baking of the balls, a few pinches of seasoning. Per person, maybe a buck max. So, two portions of this, eight balls, two scoops of mac n cheese, with two Diet Sodas, no sides or bread or anything, and the total bill came to $36.38 before tip.So...once again, in da burgh...I bought a big ol' heaping plate of atmosphere, drastically upcharged by a greed mongering dahntahn landlord, whom, like most other Pittsburgh land owners, believes that their property values are on the same par as a real city like NYC, Chicago, or San Fran, and that forcing a business to overcharge so that they came make bills and RENT, is a-ok.They tasted good. They tasted like meatballs made of pork. No better or worse than anywhere else. Mac n cheese is mac n cheese. Were eight meatballs, two serving spoons of mac n cheese and two soft drinks worth over $40 in the end?Nana? Is your gravy ready yet? I'm hungry...and broke.If you like meatballs, them this is the place to go. I like meatballs...but not THAT much that I would go to a specific meatball restaurant. (I went to this restaurant with work colleagues for lunch.) I would consider this restaurant a bit pricey for high end meatballs.We have been here several times and haven't been disappointed in the food once. The meatballs are always fresh, tender, and juicy. Their pork bolognese has a hint of sweet spice to it, so heads up of you prefer a more acidic red sauce.  Their mushroom gravy has a hint of nostalgia for grandma's beef stroganoff and the buffalo balls are can't miss.It does not get more stars due to the shoddy service by their serving staff. The best service we have gotten was seated at the bar. Each time we have table service, orders are wrong, drinks are never refilled or are forgotten about. During one trip, the server took my boyfriend's food and drink order first (big no-no, ladies first!) and then walked away from the table!  She never even got mine. She returned later with my boyfriend's beer, and we had to informer that she never took my order. Needless to say, my boyfriend's food showed up 15 minutes before mine. If they fix their serving staff, it could easily be one of the best casual dining experiences in Pittsburgh.I called in last night to order some food to go.  This was my first time eating food from here.I give the food a 7/8 out of 10.  I had "Saucy Balls" (4 meatballs in sauce) and a wedge salad.  It's apparently impossible to get 2 pork meatballs and 2 beef meatballs.  This is unfortunate because it doesn't let me try a wider variety of your food and also because it's unbelievably easy to accommodate.  I should be able to get 4 different kinds of meatballs if I want.  Seriously?I didn't eat in the restaurant but it seemed to be having the usual identity crisis that most Pittsburgh restaurants and bars have.  Half upscale, half sports bar.  Nice decor, ESPN on a TV.  Make a choice and stick with it.My comparisons were easy to make because there's a meatball only restaurant in my town (24th & Meatballs) that does a much better job and has been doing it for longer (i.e. I'm sure this place is probably a rip off).  I have no problem with that but a 2nd generation restaurant has every opportunity to do it better.I'll give it one more shot.  I'll have to just so I can try a different flavor of meatball.We decided to dine at Emporio a few weeks ago. I think that I really just picked the wrong thing to have here unfortunately...but I will agree with my coworker who recommended this place - get the sliders so you can try a few different things!! I like to eat, and two plus shared fries were plenty for me. My husband's traditional beef meatballs with marinara were good, but I didn't even finish my two sliders. My coworker had recommended the tzatziki sauce with a turkey meatball so that's what I went for! The tzatziki was not like the traditional ones I am used to, and was actually kind of sour and thin with an extreme dill taste and large thin slices of cucumber. Not for me. I also had a beef meatball with pork bolognese which was pretty good. (I will say that I don't particularly like that they give you cheese on the side and don't heat it onto the slider for you if you request it. It just resulted in a cold piece of cheese on my meatball.) My husband did not like this slider and said that it tasted like pumpkin to him (?)I will say this. The fries were FANTASTIC! I added some extra malt vinegar to the malt vinegar aioli as the aioli didn't have quite enough bite for me.The last note I'll make I'm not quite sure how to say - there wasn't enough "sauce to ball" ratio. I would've preferred the meatball smashed with more sauce or even a side of sauce. It just wasn't enough to go with the entire thing.Mezzo is a great spot if you know what you want and you come here for pizza and wine--if you want a draft beer, you have to get it from either the first or third floor of Sienna on a separate tab--so go in knowing that.  My husband was a little annoyed with this, and we ended up drinking water with our pizza and heading upstairs for after-dinner beers...a little awkward, but still fun.The food itself is really great!  I have had better wood-fired pizza, but not in Pittsburgh.  You can tell the ingredients are fresh and the chef was creative with his combinations.  I would recommend this place for date night, but we still prefer Emporio, the meatball joint downstairs!In Pittsburgh for business, and someone recommended Sienna Mercato. They compared their meatballs better than The Meatball Shop in NYC. I stand by my raving reviews of The Meatball Shop so I had to try it out and compare. I had two sliders- Classic Beef with marinara sauce and Vegetarian (mushroom, white bean, cauliflower) with spinach almond pesto. Overall, the meatball sliders were ok. They were all about quantity than quality. Meatball was pretty big, but the taste was underwhelming. I'd go there again to try out their other items like the cured meats and pasta. They also have a beer garden on the rooftop. But I don't think I'd go get their meatballs again.Didn't eat here just grabbed a drink and had a huge selection of draft beer which we really enjoy. People around us said the meatballs were great.Great meatballs and mac and cheese (with creamy parmesan sauce), not so great app. I do not recommend relying on the app at all for accurate waiting times-we were told a 45 minute wait and it ended up being 1.5 hours (though the app also told us by the end of that 1.5 hours that we still had 35 minutes left...which is when we went downstairs to ask about our table). Also had to flag down our waitress because our water was empty... And after we finished the second bottle, it just sat there empty for the rest of our meal..Food was definitely good and reasonably priced. I got the Pork meatballs with the pork Bolognese sauce, but tried all my friends and was not disappointed. THE POUTINE (tater tots) was borderline life changing. BUUUTTTTTTT do not go there for your birthday. My friends and I obviously spent plenty of money, but the only thing they could do was a slider bun with a candle in it. Just do nothing? At least tell me you do nothing so I can order a dessert for the birthday gal!After having been here in the early fall to enjoy the rooftop beer garden, I was really looking forward to finally getting to eat the food I had been hearing everyone talk about! First off, Sienna Mercato is a really fabulous building and a really fabulous concept. The beer garden really saves the day when waiting for a table in either Mezzo or Emporio. They have a huge selection of local and craft beers...I had a blueberry beer when I was there last week and it was amazing! There is really something for everyone. The only negative about this place - WAIT TIME. I would not recommend going here with the idea that you will NOT have a long wait, especially if you have more than a 2 to 4 people in your party. Supposedly the staff recommends the "No Wait" app to get in line before arriving to the restaurant, but I have not seen this be completely successful. This problem with waiting for a table seems to be a recurring theme with this place. Diners walk in, put in their name, and are told they will be sent a text when their table is ready. While we were there, we saw many people having to go back to the hostess stand asking when their table would be ready. The hostess continued to tell people "45 minutes", but it seemed that many people were waiting much longer than that and some people never received the text message about their table at all. Our group of 6, who called ahead and spoke with the manager of Mezzo, Chris, for a table (he told us to call 1 hour ahead of time and that we would be seated when we arrived) ended up waiting almost 2 full hours for a table, even though we had been told by the manager, Chris, that we would NOT have a wait. My friend had gone out of her way to speak with Chris throughout the week previous to our arrival on Friday (we were there to celebrate my engagement), to ensure that we would have a table when we arrived around 8pm that Friday evening. This did not happen. In fact, Chris was purposely AVOIDING our group while we were moving from level to level to inquire about our table and also then avoided us (particularly my friend who he had been speaking with all week) once we were seated at Mezzo to eat. I find this to be totally unprofessional. Chris was totally unapologetic and did not seem to care that we had waited over 2 hours for our table, despite him being in contact with my friend previous to our arrival. He also did nothing to attempt to make up for our absurdly long wait...a free round of appetizers or SOMETHING was never offered for his clear mistake and essentially lying to my friend. Sienna Mercato, do yourselves a favor and start taking real reservations. I know I am not the only diner who has had to experience here. I know there is something good to be said for a place that is ALWAYS so busy (must be THAT good!) but your diners would appreciate more honesty from the staff and management about wait times. With that being said, we spent most of our time in the upstairs beer garden to kill time before our table was ready. The glass ceiling and atmosphere are really nice and it's always fun. We had a really good time there, despite our extensive wait. Once seated at Mezzo (our table was right next to the glass wall...GORGEOUS view and atmosphere! You don't feel like your in Pittsburgh here!) we went for salads and pizzas. Our table tried all salads they offered on the menu. I had the Baby Kale which was really delicious with bleu cheese, shallot vinaigrette and candied pecans -YUM!  We got four pizza's to share for the table: The Quatro Formaggi, The Margherita, The Wood Roasted Veggie (with addition of an egg), and the Picante Salami and Pepper. The Salami and Pepper was a bit too spicy...couldn't really get the full flavor of everything because of the somewhat overwhelming heat. Out of all four, the Quatro Foramaggi with pickled tomatoes was my favorite along with the Margherita...delicious tomato sauce! The crust on all of these was light, medium/thin, with plenty of air pockets and crisp on the bottom. Just the way good pizza crust should be! It was delish! I have to also say that this was pretty decently priced with the 6 of us splitting the check. This place is great for a fun night out, but wont break the bank! I will be giving Sienna Mercato another visit soon for the meatballs at Emporio that I have been hearing so much about...think I will head in with a smaller party and some time to kill though!More like 2.5.  This review is for Mezzo the mid-level restaurant of Sienna Mercato.  Went here for dinner and we were a party of 4 but 2 of us got there first.  When we went upstairs to get seated by the host, she asked how many in our party and we said there will be 4 of us.  She said that she typically doesn't seat people until the entire party is present.  For the most part I get his policy, but my friend and I looked around to completely empty tables.  Not one dinner table had any guests at this point in the evening - the bar had some folks but that was it.  Annoyed!We looked at her to see if she noticed the entire restaurant was EMPTY and she managed to  say that she would make an exception since they were not very busy.  Ummm...that's an understatement - no one is in your restaurant!  Within 20 minutes our entire party arrived...and at this point a few tables had been filled but it wasn't crowded or full by any means until much later in the evening.  We ordered the Italian cheese plate, charcuterie board with various cured meats and the fried calamari to start.  I didn't eat too much of the cheese or meats but the rest of the group ate it up so I would say they were hits.  I wasn't thrilled with the way they prepared their calamari.  They were thinly sliced which was great but there wasn't much flavor and other restaurants serve them with a side of aioli sauce but at Mezzo they spread a microscopic thin layer on the bottom of the miniature plate they're on so that about 7% of the calamari may have some glazed on them.  I would skip the calamari because they charge way too much for what you get.  Seriously, the portion was minuscule.  On to the main dish - I decided to get their housemade hot sausage pannini.  It comes with a side of greens (arugula) which I would say was the highlight of the dish.  The hot sausage was not even remotely spicy and overall the sandwich was bland.  There were some onions sprinkled on the pannini and I think provolone cheese but since all of the ingredients of the sandwich were tasteless including the "hot" sausage - the dish left something to be desired.  The service was a bit odd.  Our waitress was extremely friendly but there were times when wine glasses were empty and no one came around to ask if folks wanted more wine.  And they completely forgot to refill the wine for my friend until much later.  Also we asked for boxes since some of us had leftovers and they said they would take them, pack them in boxes and keep them in the back and would give them to us when we were leaving.  They said this way, we'd have more room on the table...problem is they (and we) forgot about them since we were still socializing and yet to have dessert.  So this "doggie-bag" system of theirs does not work.Ok this is where I'd give the meal 5 stars - the dessert.  My husband ordered the maple tiramisu and I"m not usually a fan of tiramisu and "maple" didn't sound so appealing but when I tried a couple spoonfuls, I was sold.  It was so delicious!  My friend and her husband ordered the chocolate crema which was very rich and chocolaty - another winner.  All in all, it was underwhelming but if you do plan to go here just opt for the dessert!  I think I'll stick with the meatball joint downstairs - overall the service and food was superior to Mezzo in my opinion.I sat at the 1st floor bar, ordered a drink from the cocktail menu and was ignored till after my drink was empty. The 1st bartender was too busy entertaining the preppy couple and the pack of young business guys nursing their drinks. Because of this, I planned to pay for my drink and find another place for dinner. Thankfully, a second bartender noticed my empty drink and came to my aid. Then the first bartender perked up and realized I was willing to spend some money. Anyway...The beef meatballs were hohum but the marinara sauce was classic and great.

White Chocolate Mocha- white chocolate and mocha

Woohoo! As good as it gets!So there you have it folks. It's A-OK but I'm definitely not a fan.What annoyed me this trip. Missing Alaskan King Grab Legs (The Buffet) has that, meanwhile Bacchanal decides to serve King Crab Legs instead!Keynotes

The waiter and the manager where not for that job,they knew nothing about how to treat people.Já virou tradição nas viagens, vale a pena, preço bom, comida reconfortante, e aquele clima de estar de férias nos eua, prantos grandes dá para dividir é pedir uma das ótimas entradasSurprisingly there was no wait and we got sat right away. The service was a little slow but it was also really busy. Our bread came out right before we got our food. I always get chicken farfalle because it's my favorite. Maybe it was because it was really busy but the sauce was super runny to the point it was almost soup. The noodles seemed a little hard as if they weren't cooked long enough. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best experience I've had at Cheesecake FactoryVery disappointed. In all fairness they were busy. I ordered eggs & bacon with tomatoes. My daughter got ice cream. They brought the ice cream after they served us our meals. I got potatoes and the wrong bread. It took her 15 minutes to get me the tomatoes I ordered. I never got the bread. She even packed extra of the wrong type of bread like I should be grateful. So for 12$ I got 2 eggs and 2 pieces of bacon. That left me annoyed.This Cheesecake Factory is always crazy busy and the noise level is over the top. I had the salmon which was excellent and my girlfriend had the chicken taco wraps which she loved and her hubby had the pulled pork sandwich which he said was good but my poor hubby had the macaroni and cheese hamburger which was not very good. The burger was so dry and the macaroni was not even edible! So disappointed!! We shared two pieces of cheesecake to go and the tab was like $100. Yikes!! Not worth it for not edible hamburger.Usually not a fan of franchise food, but I ordered the Chicken Caesar Salad with the dressing on the side and it rocked.   The salad must've weighed like 2-3 pounds.  I know defeats the purpose of ordering a salad, but you know what...F U.  I was hungry...haha.  Plus our waitress was super cool as she was originally from Chicago and NYC, and shared city stories,. ..not too crowded and decent prices.Ate here my first two days of vacation and on my first day the server tried to rip me off on my bill. When I told her she shorted me on my change she gave me a ride look and didn't apologize. My bill was $69.45 and when I went up to her she claimed that the bill was $70. I told her you cannot round my bill up and short me money. She finally gave me back my change difference after a good five minutes. Poor customer service. My second day the server I had brought us our waters with no straws and when we asked him for straws he put his finger tips all over the mouth pieces and then placed them in our drinks. I then told him we wanted sealed straws and he went and came back. During these three times he was at our table, not once did he ask us if we were ready to order he would look at our table and go to his other tables and help them. Very rude. I had to tell him we were ready to order and after a couple of times of me telling him we were ready he finally began to change his tune. I've never seen such poor service like this at the Cheesecake Factory. It's a great place to eat with a delicious menu, but the servers at this location are bad.Cheesecake and comfort food.  Service is a bit slow especially upstairs so avoid if possible.  Server was never around to ask for refills or other items needed.  Tip reflected the service.I work in the forum shops, and my coworkers and I always go here to eat on our lunches. Usually the associates at the cash register are very friendly and accommodating, but Tiffany s was far from it. I asked for a side of marinara for my bread, and was charged 3.95 for a half cup of marinara. I have never been charged before for this. I called two hours ahead of time to have it ready at 10pm for my lunch. I got there at 9:59 and then waited 6 minutes for my food. Once I walked back to my store, it was cold! I asked her why I was being charged 4.00 for a small side of marinara and she asked if I wanted to speak with a manager but since I had already waited 6 minutes for my food, I didn't have time. This establishment lacks consistency. She was rude and inconsiderate and I think I may just start packing lunches instead of taking business to Cheesecake Factory. I don't like being ripped off!We went there on our last day in Vegas, it is located inside Cesar palace, we sat outside, the atmosphere was loud but it was ok, I ordered the chicken Madeira, it was ok nothing special, my wife ordered the Jamaican black pepper shrimp, the rice was so sticky, we didn't like it.

Peanut Butter - icing was great, but the cupcake was hard and overcooked, disappointed because otherwise I think it would be a good one.

popular by virtue of the 7:30PM crowds. I had dinner there 3 times

+good vodka redbulls and vodka tonics-the treasure island crowd

 - Crispy Calamari - small portions for about 2-3 people with tiny bowl of sauce.

Just the way we like, no love our Mexican joints.Depending on the day this Taco Bell can be very quick or slow. Now I know that when an employee calls in it can have an impact of service.

 - Pork, carrots, vermicelli

Atmosphere is claustrophobic inducing though.

                                    +- | -+

green tea gelato

J'adore le fait qu'il y a un resto de dumplings dans le Sud-Ouest.

I get my lunches from here every now and again.  Very satisfactory food, but the drive-through speaker is kinda scary.Good burritos! worth the try if your in the area.I went with the "famous sliders", which were pretty decent.  Not high quality burgers, but not bad.  Chips and salsa were ok, and the fries weren't bad.  Their Chuy's brand barbecue sauce was surprisingly good - probably good enough to compete with the national brands (assuming it isn't already a re-label of an existing brand).I don't think I'd make a special trip out there, but I'd probably consider stopping in again if the opportunity arose.I have had Bennys 2 x once today and once about a year ago. Last  I had a burger and frys. It is your typical flamed grilled burger with whatever you want on it. Think of Lennys perhaps, not bad but nothing stood out either. Today I had the brisket. I am not 100% sure it was brisket but what it was was good. Again nothing to write home about but nothing bad either. It was thinly sliced beef served on a buttered and toasted bun with bbq sauce on the meat. Service was great, the place was clean. I would go back but will not crave it.We were hungry and in the area so we decided to check this place out.  I mean you cant really go wrong with a burger.  The service was quick and friendly.  My burger was good.  Nothing special but good.  Same with the chili cheese fries.  If for some reason I'm in the area again i would be willing to return and try the BBQ.So went to Benny's Burgers for the 1st time just because its right down the street from me and the wife wanted to try it out. We both got the pulled pork sandwich, it was kinda greasy but good. The frys were ok and my son liked his burger. The DB behind the counter on the other hand acted like he wanted to get my fist down his throat!!! He was dressed like "The situation" and had the hair of "Pauly D". He is lucky my fam was there or he would have gotten the beating of a life time!! Prob will go in again to try something else on the menu and to see if DB wants to rumble!!! (family not included)Cute place.  Italian Beef sandwich was not very good though.Bennys is like a old girlfriend, we've been through the best and the worst together. To start the best is food how the menu is so far and beyond anything around. But I have had hit or miss occasions and I've heard horror stories and glory stories so until consistency pervales  good luckI ordered the Mexican Burger Combo after asking the cashier what was in the burger: pepper jack cheese, American cheese, grilled onions, and grilled green chiles.  I asked to have fried zucchini instead of French fries with my combo. She said yes, but didn't tell me she was charging me $.60 extra. My burger arrived with no green chiles. The cashier took my burger back and had the cook put grilled chiles on my burger. It came back with one piece of chile covering half of the burger. I then noticed there was no pepper jack cheese on my burger.The zucchini was from frozen and not fresh, but tasted okay.A positive note---they serve Coca Cola.I ordered 2 bacon cheese burgers with fries. Fries were great, crispy and not too greasy. The burger taste good too, but after a few bites, I found hair in my food. Would have gotten a higher rating if it weren't for that.I was not impressed by the Burger I had. I could tell they have not cleaned the flattop grill the cook the burgers on in a while. It was overcooked, which only made the burnt taste it had even worse.  Fries were good, and staff was friendly.Michael is a good tattoo artist when it comes to fixin or covering up art.sometimes, he goes on a whim without telling the customer.His attitude sucks. your a minute late and hes done with you, even if you came clear across the county line. even if he has no one else there. he will throw you out.I have to admit the TB is a guilty junk food kinda thing when you are vegetarian.  Pretty much anything on the menu can be made vegetarian which is pretty great when you are in a hurry.  This location seems to be about the same as the rest. I'm not sure I can bring myself to give them 4 stars, but the food is what you would expect from the TB nothing life changing, but consistent.  The staff at this location are younger people as are most fast food places who always seem pretty cheerful.  I usually go through the drive-thru and they are always very polite and pretty quick.  Not lightening speed or anything, but I have never driven by because there were a few people in line ahead of me.So basically they have very nice staff running the drive-thru so if you want some TB then this is a good one.Hampton Inn is a great easy pick in AZ. Rooms are a decent size with a microwave and fridge, free wi-fi and breakfast in the AMs. The grab and go breakfast and afternoon/evening cookies are an even better score.Lindy at the front desk was extremely helpful and friendly the entire stay.We found a hair on our bed but they very quickly offered us another room which was hair free.the drive to this place is a hike especially from tolleson but it was fine.  the price is right and it was double points so worth the extra time for the extra points.  room was nice and the breakfast was the typical hampton breakfast.  large parking lot.  early in the morning i heard a train so that's a downer.This is a great option to avoid the crazy crowds at Tempe Marketplace, plus it's only a couple more miles down the street. We visited with the kids on a Saturday night to see Toy Story 3 - No crowds, no lines, walked right in got some snacks, and great seats.Thanks for telling everyone Yelpers. Now there's tons of people here.My daughter and I came here to see the final episode of The Twilight series a few nights ago and I like the theater fine but I was very disappointed in the popcorn which was tremendously over salted and the whatever they call the buttery stuff you put on top of the popcorn was more like a corn oil, it wasn't even buttery flavored. The popcorn I used to get at the Chandler Theater where it was only a dollar to go to the movie and maybe $4.50 for the tub of popcorn with the refill was much better popcorn as is the popcorn and the buttery toppings that's only $4.50 for tub at the Tempe cinema where the movies are only $3, $2 dollars on Tuesdays.  They do have some good deals on ticket prices if you go certain days or hours and reasonable senior and student prices, which is helpful.  If I have to go to a first run theater, this will be my choice from now on.  And it's up in Riverview Shopping Center, which is convenient for shopping and eating out.If they improve their popcorn, I'll up my rating!I like theatres that aren't so crowded that you have a panick attack as everyone bum rushes the movie rooms! I'll go back yesThis movie theater is ok. I like how they show international movies. I came for A Filipino movie but I also saw posters for Bollywood movies as well! I'm a fan so I will be back for that. The ambiance ain't much but the picture quality was good enough. Snacks of course didn't have prices but I'm sure it was an arm and a leg.It was really quiet when we went no rowdy people talking through the movie. But if Was also 1:00 on a Tuesday afternoon. So overall an ok experience will be back if they show more international movies and at $6 for early birds, I'm there!They forgot to show my movie! The only one in the movie! Employees just slacking off! Just got my refund I'm not sure if I want to ever come back here!Almost nobody goes here.  Its like a ghost town especially at night.  The employees are  nowhere to be found even.  Tried to get a drink during a 10pm movie but nobody was up front.  Called out and nothing.  Stood there for a while listening to crickets and nothing.  Called out anyone here?  I coulda robbed them of so much popcorn its not even funny.  I dont think they really care too much though.This was my first visit ever and there weren't many people around. It is a good thing for those (read ... people like me) who want to enjoy movies but do not like the over crowded theaters. But I read the other reviews where people could not find staff to purchase food or where the staff forgot to play the movie. Now that is not a good experience. I would not go again but that is because its way too far for me. The only reason to go would be a to see a movie which wasn't playing anywhere else and I really really had to watch it. I did like the outside seating in the open area (which is common for the mall). I was surprised that the mall had no coffee shop! In nutshell, not a bad place but low traffic. Go if you are in the area.It has never been harder to buy a movie ticket. After lining up forever in the heat. You have to pick your seat when you buy your tickets. Which is fine unless theirs 5 people like the group in front of us. And you turn up 2 minutes before the movie is about to start. And it's the big blockbuster. We get our tickets finally and end up at the concession stand. Drinks are 5.25 which is the norm. But when did they stop doing refills?  Love the recliner seats. Hate the no refills.Pros: reserve a seat, comfy chairs that recline, friendly staff Cons: sound isn't loud enough, limited selection of concessions, outdoor ticket touchscreens were brokenI love coming here for the luxury recliners. They are amazing.  However this theater is always dirty and has popcorn everywhere.  You can't even get refills on a drink that you pay $6.50 for. CrazyThe reclining seats were good. The cashier told me that the seating chart was not accurate and that the seats she recommended were right in the middle. This was not the case. Not a big deal, but I would have chosen different ones if I had known. The bathrooms were clean, but the theater had popcorn on the floor and candy in between the seats. No refill on large drinks.Ordered a pizza for delivery, not too bad a little light on the sauce, 1 Chicken Parm and 1 Meatball parm sandwiches, along with mozzarella sticks. Both sandwiches looked like there was about 1 teaspoon of sauce on them, my wife had to use the sauce that came with the sticks for her sandwich just to eat it. I called them and told them it was way to dry and they are sending another in about 1 hour. Whenever I go to subway I always ask them to go light on the sauce because it can be pretty sloppy. The Subway light on the sauce sandwich had 10 times the sauce on this one.. What are they doing using an eyedropper to apply it? Disappointed for sureThe food was good!! We didn't receive any silverware, napkins or dressing, with a salad I hate having to use my hands lol. Meatball sub was my favorite!Not feeling like leaving the house, I searched Grub Hub to find that Rosati's would deliver to us, and had a good selection of pizza, sandwiches, pasta and other fare.We ordered a chicken parm sandwich on garlic bread with sweet peppers and fries, and a meatball sandwich with sweet peppers and fries. We also asked for ranch in the comments section. With delivery fee and tip, our order was $30.The delivery was FAST.  Expected between 1620 and 1630, our food came at around 1610.Inside the bag, there was one cup of peppers, and to our chagrin, no ranch.  I enjoyed the meatball sandwich, but the fries seemed like they were bland and freezer-burned, no doubt of the frozen variety. My husband thought that his chicken parm was ok. I think mostly sad over his lack of ranch. It was also on the same roll I had, and not any special garlic bread we paid an extra buck for. I don't know what we expected, but it was the same as mine.We may try something else from Rosati's in the future, but weren't specifically impressed by our food.Sunflower is okay, but could be better. It seems like a "step down" from Sprouts or Trader Joes. There are always lots of flies around the produce and the meat/fish seems less fresh than at some other stores. One more thing, it seems they always have problems with their debit card machines. Apart from my complaining, they do have a lot of organic, natural, vegan products that I do buy.Great place for inexpensive groceries. Not as great as Whole Foods, but it does have a good selection of healthy foods. I became a frequent shopper once I spotted GT's Kombucha here for $3.39 other than Whole Foods' cost of $3.69 per bottle. They also offer a 10% case discount... which unfortunately is a production EVERY TIME when the managers struggle to adjust the price.Once again, great prices... minimal selection. Their organic fruit/veggie section is limited, but I'm able to stock up nicely on the few choices they do offer.The staff is generally pleasant.. Cheyenne is an adorable associate who is always attentive and friendly but the managers won't go out of their way to smile/acknowledge you.. unless you approach THEM. Overall, great if you're close, otherwise I would stick with Whole Foods/Sproutsone word! HIPPIES!!Good food, but employees are a little slowIt was easy to grab some sandwiches on the way out to the desert to watch the meteor shower.  The food is always consistent at Subway - you know what you are getting.  The sub was easy to eat and tasted good.  This place used to be a Church's chicken back in the day but then became a Subway.  Seems clean and the service was fast.Conveniently located near good food and a Starbucks. This in my world is a "trifecta of awesomeness."Come for the lunch special. Puny salad bar. Don't bother with it. If you order pizza, a Greek salad comes with it and they bring it out in a big bowl. The pizza is not too oily like it is at Domino's. Friendly staff. Quiet atmosphere. However, the salad plates that were already at our table had a lot of crumbs from the previous visitors. The tables are big enough for elbow space, unlike a lot of pizza joints. Just A-OK.Great store lots of n incidentals.Our home warranty company sent this company to repair our washer. The tech who came refused to look at the machine because my husband had removed the door lock mechanism, but insisted I pay him the service fee anyway and insinuated that our machine never even worked. My husband contacted the office and the staff was friendly and apologetic. The owner came back out at no charge and diagnosed the problem. Unfortunately the first tech had sent pictures of the disassembled machine and that voided our home warranty. We decided not to fix the machine, but appreciated the owner taking the time to do what the tech failed to do and speaking candidly with us about our options.Been there couple of times... Once tried the atomic wings ...One of the spicest wing i ever had...Infact was not able to eat more than two bites.. The nedium ones are good ... There is not much service or ambience..Its located at a small place next to frys and people usually tend to miss the spot due to that...The attendants are very cordial..It's gotten better but is still an average wing. The rolls however are a must try.My Wing Stop experiences are satisfactory but seldom go the extra mile. The wings are good, but they don't really seem much better than wings you could get anywhere else. The wait is always long, which is understandable but annoying nonetheless. The fries are decent and are usually the best side to get, because if you try ordering veggies the portion size will disappoint you. The prices aren't great, but Wing Stop is worth visiting occasionally.For being a place that does JUST wings and 1 other item , im not that impressed .. just ordered the 40 piece family meal deal and got 4 different flavors. Bbq, Louisiana rub, original hot, and mild. ALL were just okay nothing I would ever crave again. BUT there seasoned fries were the best fries  I have had in my life!!! I will go back JUST for fries ... Service was great and place was really clean so yes I would recommend this place if your in there area .Three stars for being average. Nothing worth wowing over. Fries were too soggy & salty. Wings didn't come with the wow factor I was anticipating for.The review and star rating is really for THIS specific location only.  Unfortunately while I absolutely love Wing Stop's wings, this particular location is always less than great.  We've had overcooked wings, undercooked wings, random extra-long waits, and occasional bad attitude from the staff.  It's the location closest to my house so I keep trying it, but the last time we wanted wings we agreed this wasn't worth the risk and went to Zipp's instead.So while other locations would get five stars from me, not this one.  Don't judge the whole chain by this rating however.When I'm in other parts of town I'll certainly continue to go to the other locations.  LOVE their garlic-parmesan with a side dip of the atomic sauce.It's not bad, it's not great. It's conveniently on the way home from work so I have ordered ahead a couple of times. Both times I ordered 30-45 minutes ahead, and when I arrived I still have to wait ten minutes for my order. Staff is really nice and they have thrown in extra fries for the incovenience of waiting. Speaking of, I don't like the fries at all. :P They just don't travel well ten minutes away from home and end up soggy/cold real fast. I can't complain about the wings though--wings are all right.bought a king size mattress here. salesperson seemed knowledgeable and helped steer us to what we were looking for. facility is old and mostly disgusting. there aren't a lot of beds in the store but they obviously wanted to make a sale. $649 was the price including delivery. seemed like a fair deal to me mattress is comfy and was delivered the same day out of the back of some guy's truck. that was weird. but yeah, i have a mattress. 3 stars.Its an okaaaayy store. Smells like old people but considering the location its a given I suppose. Not busy either. They even have a special golf cart only parking right up in the front (I swear).Prompt but the soda is always off tasting. The parking lot smells like sewer gas which can be a definite turn off. Employees are nice.Clean and well organized. Slightly above average chain location.I was visiting Home Depot and went to Taco Bell as they are next to each other.  I waled to the counter to order and saw 5-6 employees taking care of drive through customers.  There was a Taco Bell management meeting in the lobby with 5-6 other people having a planning meeting.  Unfortunately, there was no one to take my order.  I would give the rating a 1-star except for an employee from the back contacted the person who was supposed to be working the counter.  The person that came to take my order was obviously a trainee and did not know how to enter my order.  That explains why he was hiding in the back.It was not a good experience.  I live near this Taco Bell location and will not be back anytime soon.  It was really a case of poor store management to leave a shy trainee in charge of taking customer orders.I'm going to start off with this: It wasn't terrible but it wasn't all that great either. The salon was very neat and well decorated. The environment was nice, but it seems some of the technicians are not.When I walked in there I was greeted and taken in right away without any wait. They directed me to a station and my nail technician was there ready for me. The technician did my nails well, but to be honest she was pretty intimidating. She was silent as a rock and was a bit rough on me. I sat there very awkwardly for about 20 min. not knowing really what to say or do other than let her work on my hand. I'm not asking for a best friend, but at least don't make it awkward! She seemed to be rushing alot as if to get me out of there and it made me feel uncomfortable and as if I was intruding on her time. Not only that, but her attention seemed to be distracted as she would check her phone constantly. When you go into a nail salon you go because you want to be pampered, not to sit there awkwardly.Pros:

-Caesar salad

-It smells like a sweaty middle school locker room (which I imagine all bikram does) the carpet also grosses me out

2.  Awesome bed

The sushi and the nigiri I had was actually very good.  They don't skimp on the fish and I thought the quality, while not totally fresh, was still good for Madison.  And they do a great job with presentation!  The service is pleasant and met with a smile.  Definitely recommend if you're on the west side of town.Great food. Loving the specials and the change of menu. Service is usually slow but seems to be improving. Forgot my salad today but that's okay I'm full!It's OK. There are better options from sushi in the area if that's what you're looking for, though this place is may be a little cheaper. Service is mediocre and sometimes just plain slow/frustrating.The food was really good. We ordered the shrimp tempura for an appetizer and received it right away. Then for dinner we ordered 4 different kind of rolls. Crunchy shrimp, rainbow roll, dragon roll and another one I can't remember the name of off the specialty menu. It took about 1.25 hours to receive our rolls. I'm sorry, I know it was busy, but it was completely packed....... and I've never had sushi anywhere else that it took so long to get! Also, the waitress rarely checked in on us the entire night. Although the sushi is good, you can't get sushi elsewhere for better service in town.Cute clothes. Cheap prices. Helpful staff. What's up?!They changed this store recently so it looks like patti's closet now. A lot of their stuff is cute but it didn't quite fit. However...I was able to score an awesome birthday dress for $50, super sexy shoes for $30, and a cute purse for $40.I have been a loyal customer of this store ever since they initially opened their location in Boca Park.  We don't have many boutiques like this in Vegas that we can turn to for sexy, chic clothing, shoes, and accessories that are affordable for girls in their 20s, such as myself.  I enjoy coming here as it is close to my work and home.  Parking is sometimes a pain but that is not Hottie's fault as Boca Park is a very busy restaurant and shopping plaza.  My only complaint of Hottie's, which developed within the last year, is the CONSTANT hovering and hounding of the sales associates.  The second you walk through the door, you will be approached and asked if you're doing okay.  "Well yeah, I'm fine if you will just let me walk through your store and look around first!"  The sales girls will then ask you every time you pick up an item off a rack if you would like a fitting room.  I've worked in retail in the past and I know this is all part of loss prevention, and that's fine...I get it.  However, when I'm standing at the fitting room, waiting to try on all of those clothes that the girls so graciously hounded me for, I will stand there for at least a few minutes waiting for someone to let me in to a fitting room.  Then, once you're in the fitting room, it's every woman for her self.  If you need a size, plan on getting it yourself because nobody will come back to check on you.  Again, this is not necessarily any of the sales girls' fault.  I'm sure management is trying so hard to emphasize loss prevention, that they forget the simple things like catering to your customers when they need another size or making sure someone is monitoring who is going in and out of the fitting room at all times.  As a former manager of a major clothing store, my suggestion to Hottie's is to back off and give a girl some space so she can shop in peace!  Asking if I need a fitting room once is enough.  Please and thank you!Like Denny's, but more overpriced. I enjoyed my carrot apple bundt-shaped muffin and had a nice waitress. No ambiance to speak of, unless Denny's is your game.good place if you want breakfast any time of the day. Went mid-day during the week, it was pretty dead, yet they put us in the room with the TV... Maybe we looked like we wanted to watch bad mid-day television. Service was OK, Food is OK.Excellent food!  I always get the Coco's combo......gorgeous burger with the best tasting bun around and fries with a delicious salad drowned in the best homemade ranch dressing in the world!Today we were blessed to have the most honest hardworking and kind-souled server ever!  Erik is from another planet!  Great place.Kobe just barely deserves three stars, and here's why.  The food is a wild mix of "I've had much better at Shogun Express", to "Wow!  This is really tasty."  The service was another mixed bag.  Our server wasn't on the ball, but some of the others covered for him.  I'm not sure exactly how long they've been open, so the service may improve.  Overall, I feel comfortable saying that you don't get what you pay for.Last night, my wife and I met a friend at Kobe for dinner.  We started off with an order of Gyoza; it was served warm-ish.  I almost sent it back to be heated up, but had a feeling they'd just throw it in the microwave.  The flavor was good, but nothing special.  Our Gyoza was followed by Ginger salads and Miso soup.  As our friend said, Miso soup is tough to mess up.  It happens, but not often.  Luckily, Kobe's was just fine.  As was the salad, which consisted of iceberg lettuce, a cherry tomato, a couple strands of carrot, and the only thing capable of saving such a pathetic salad, some yummy ginger dressing.The ladies ordered sushi and both really enjoyed their rolls.  As I'm not a sushi eater (I know, I know, shoot me now!), I can't really comment on the quality other than the girls' reactions and comments, which were mostly (if not completely) positive.  I, on the other hand, ordered a cucumber roll and the teriyaki chicken and steak combo.  A cucumber roll is another one of those really difficult things to screw up.  There's was just fine.  The teriyaki dish was the worst teriyaki chicken/steak I've had in recent memory.  The meat was a dry and the rice was either over cooked, or had been sitting out too long like the Gyoza.For desert, we ordered a mango sorbe and a vanilla tempura (read fried) ice cream.  Neither were anything to write home about, but neither were bad either, which is exactly how I'd characterize the restaurant.  Although I didn't try the entire menu, my recommendation is that you stick to sushi and miso soup.It was OK... the sushi wasn't that fresh.  I liked the inside... we ate in the sushi area.  The other side looked like Benihana.  Nothing terrible.Came here for lunch with coworkers... it was very busy so I though this might be a good place for sushi after all.  Unfortunately I was wrong.  I ordered the Tuna Tataki salad and a side of chicken fried rice.  The flavor of the dressing of the salad was very good and what I am used to tasting.  My problem is with the tuna that was in the salad they were rather large pieces so you had to bite into them... you pretty much had to wrestle with it.  Just not the quality of fish I am used to eating.   The chicken fried rice I had was awesome, I think it might be one of the best I have tasted.  Others I were dining with had the veggie tempura plate which I did try and was very good.  Fried sweet potatoes, carrots zucchini, etc.  Others had the sushi rolls and their thoughts on the fish were about the same as mine.  I would go back, just not for sushi.I had never been here before and was really looking forward to eating here with my wife and daughter. We were part of a 16 top table of friends seated at one of the Teppanyaki tables. Now, those who know me say I'm a patient guy, but this place really tried my patience. They did not disperse enough menus for the whole table and my wife, her friend and I sat her for FIFTEEN FRIGGIN' MINUTES waiting just for a menu. Finally I personally got up and walked to the host station and grabbed the menus myself. BTW we still haven't placed a drink order yet. That happened about ten minutes later as I looked at my watch and noted it was just shy of a  1/2 hour before we even placed our drink order. With that said, my Saki Bomber wasn't delivered for another 20 minutes. In short it was just shy of an hour to get drinks and order! Are you friggin' kidding me!?!!?!! My wife ordered iced tea and they brought no sugar - another 10 minutes watching the ice melt. If not part of a large party I most definitely would have got up and walked. On that note, one of the gals saw my displeasure of the near hour long drink order and delivery method and said to me, "Yea, the service really sucks here, you're kinda at their mercy as to what they want to do...but I love the Tepp Chef." Eeeek, boy, wrong kinda love I thought.  Anyhow, the prices are a bit up there but you get a lot for it. They all include a cup of Miso soup, a small salad, a shrimp appetizer, rice, hibachi vegetables and your main course cooked in front of you. Now to be fair, the abysmal non-existent service from the beginning did pick up almost to pace. I was even asked for a new beer before the other was finished = which shocked me. The food courses were rolled out timely. Miso soup was good but not great. It was very hot and flavorful but the tofu cubes were smaller then an eraser head. The salad had if I recall correctly, a ginger vinaigrette and was small but decent with a single tear drop tomato in it. You also got a shrimp appetizer which was cooked by the Tepp Chef on the flat top. The shrimp was very good. What I liked about these courses is that my wife doesn't like miso soup OR shrimp so I got both of hers - shoot...swish. I ordered the scallops for my dinner with double hibachi veg and no rice. I was pleased that there was an abundance of scallops and they were seasoned and cooked perfectly. My wife ordered the chicken and it was absolutely terrible- dry and tasteless. Now the real value at this place and my only guess as to why ANYONE would venture to dine here are the Tepp Chefs. They are extremely entertaining. I got a real kick out of the Japanese chef speaking Slang Spanglish and the comedic value of this seemingly flying over most peoples head. This guy was really funny cool man. He did the whole onion volcano bit which is always entertaining. He made me slap the backs of my hands together like a friggin' circus seal and beg for a shrimp bite which he tossed up at me in the air to catch with my mouth, and when I did he squirted, from one of those squeezy type ketchup or mustard plastic bottles, sake into my mouth as a reward. That sake squirting gag was a gas man as he squirted it into the mouth of a woman at the table but kept doing it for like 7 seconds as it all dripped out of her mouth and onto her chest and shirt - funny stuff.The problem here people, is that sushi should be had at a sushi restaurant when in Arizona. Not Kobe. Try Sushi Eye down the street for that.Waiting for a table to fill can suck. Getting squished into a table of 8, when you only have 2 sucks too.For teppanyaki, this place is a-OK for a while. Once you eat here a few times, you start to realize that not all the chefs can actually cook. You have to find the chef you like, and stick with them. Also, after a while it all tastes the same. This place is really good, when you have not had it in a few weeks/months.Salad and soup, not so good. Tell them to keep it!The cooking experience can be fun for someone who has not been there before, or for children. Who doesn't love a beating heart made from fried rice, or a fire shooting train when the lights are dimmed?Overall its good. Nicer place than Ichi Ban. And way way better than the local Benihana. (Not sure why the Benihana in AZ suck, they are great in CA)I have been to Kobe many times with big groups of friends. While I've had great times at this place everytime I've been there, I think it's more the company than the restaurant.Since I usually to go to Kobe with a large group (8 or more), they always make us wait to be seated until everyone gets there... even if we're just waiting for 1 last member, even when we've called in reservations. That can be very annoying.The sushi is pretty typical... not outstanding, but good. The teppan dinners are also pretty typical, they use quality ingredients, but the meals are wayyyy overpriced.  Plus, many times, I've tried ordering certain cocktails from their menus, only to wait 20 min, have the server forget about the order, then tell me they don't have the ingredients to mix the drink. Quite a bummer.Plus... if you go to Kobe for a birthday, be prepared to fork over $5 for their "Birthday Special", where the wait staff comes out to sing their birthday song, give you a piece of cheesecake (kind of random for a Japanese Steakhouse), and take a snapshot of your group.Kobe (Koe-Bay).We haven't been to one of these places for a teppan performance/meal in quite awhile.  We last went to one about 3 years ago in Boston.  Prior to that was about 5 years ago in Denver.  Before that was Cleveland about 9 years ago.  Based on that, look for another teppan review late in 2012 from either Chicago or Seattle - I haven't decided yet but the fares are good that far out.Our chef Gabriel did a nice job on both the food and the performance.  There was plenty of throwing things in the air, spinning various implements around, flashes of fire, smoldering onion volcano's and tidbits tossed to the folks around the table who tried mostly successfully to catch as well as our dog.  Gabriel also rewarded folks with a nice shot of sake from his squirt bottle.  I actually had enough of these to have a nice sake buzz going.  That's right - I catch food like a dog better than the other folks at the table.  A fact I'm not sure I should be proud of.I ordered the filet & shrimp.  It came with miso soup which was fair and lacking very much tofu, a small and plain salad with a pretty mild ginger dressing, grilled shrimp appetizer and white rice.  This is the only teppan meal I have had that does not include fried rice - it is a couple bucks extra.  I opted for the fried rice which was pretty good.  The shrimp (both the appetizer and those that came with the main course) were tender and tasty.  The filet was not as tender but still tasty.Overall, not a bad deal for the meal & show.  I frankly have grown a bit weary of these but it is fun to go with kids or teppan virgins.Pretty good teppenyaki.  The show is fun and worth a visit.3.75* Had our holiday party here.  It was fun and a different version of the 'Benihana' schpeil. Here comes the asian ketchup...beating heart fried rice, shrimp tail in hat....Here, there's a little less skill at the table, but much more FIRE...and Alcohol...our chef would sporadically say SAKE SAKE! and try to squirt sake from a small squeeze bottle in everyone's mouth from a distance. Not all ended up in your mouth unfortunately.  No one wanted to get pulled over reeking of sake, so most opted out. Definitely fun to watch though! Food was better than I expected. Everything tasted fresh and had decent flavors.  The interior of the restaurant isn't as nice as a Benihana, or Sapporo, but at least the price reflects that. It is fun and believe it or not, maybe a little less cheesy than Benihana. Great for groups!Happy Hour Review...We stopped in to check out the happy hour. The HH menu is very limited. We decided to skip the weak food options and just have the $2 sake. For cheap sake it was not too bad.The decor is nice and the staff were all dresses in kimono type dresses. I would come back to try the teppan.I go here often because it is a reliable sushi place with teppanyaki (sp?).  The service is friendly the times I've been here.  The sushi is good with a deep list and reasonably priced.  One time that I ordered takeout, though, they forgot to include my salad and soup.  The teppan show is very entertaining.  The chefs do their magic and feed you fast!  We always order their chicken yakisoba and it is full of chicken and shrimp but it can be a bit too oily.  I do recall having a great Mai Tai which is big in my book!The food was great. Kobe was excellent but the scallops were a little overdone. We went on a Sunday night and our chef was tired from the weekend or so he said. No real show, nothing fancy, did a couple of tricks and we tried to jolly him up a bit but it didn't work. The only issue I could see to another night was the group seating. I must be getting old but if I am paying $50 a person, I don't want cranky, crying kids right next to me.  Not the restaurants fault but really!!!! Who takes kids that need high chairs to this kind of restaurant?The service was great. The decor is nice. The Shashimi was lacking. I've had better at lower tier restaurants. I didn't have tappanyaki, so you can throw the baby out with the bath water.Came for a birthday so there was a group of us. We were all underwhelmed by this place. We waited nearly an hour from our reservation time to place our food order. They charged extra for fried rice with the Teppanyaki. They wouldn't do any substitution requests. Every answer was no. The waitress who was suppose to be supporting the table for water etc disappeared and we were left without water for 3/4 of the meal. She never even checked in on us (and it wasn't busy). Spend your money elsewhere for a better Teppanyaki experience.The sushi smelled and tasted fishy. But we went mid week at three so its posable the fish was a bit old. We are planning on trying it again to see if the sushi gets better. The place was great and the staff is niceThis restaurant was not as nice as I thought it would be.  When we walked in, we were greeted with the typical Teppanyaki smell, which I guess should be expected in a Japanese steak house, but it is still gross.  We were seated immediately at 7 on a Friday night and promptly served, which is good because the food was not worth waiting for.  The sushi was mediocre and the teriyaki was drenched in sauce instead of tastefully seasoned.  Everything we ordered was completely eatable, but not good enough for the price.  This restaurant would get 4 stars if it were cheaper.Definitely not the best teppan I've ever had. First time we Wen on a Thursday and it was totally dead. Got sat at a table with a couple with 3 kids and a baby. Because babies should be around flaming stoves.Anyway, the chef was not Japanese, which always seems awkward since they act Japanese and make jokes about Japan. Although he didn't do much joke making, and seemed out of his element. The menu did not include any tuna. The steak and shrimp was okay at best. The shrimp seemed under cooked.I come here because I'm a sucker for teppan, and because it's close. If it was farther away, I probably wouldn't go.Comparing to Benehana's it is less expensive and the chefs seem more interactive and fun here.    The food is average but the place feels a little dirty to me.    I have been here a few times for a birthday and it's always fun.  It is a busy and loud restaurant, too, however I think most teppanyaki places are.   It's not my first choice but I will go if one of my friends picks it.Went here with some friends after an ASU Graduation Ceremony and it was dead. Service was alright and our chef was nice but wasn't very engaging. The chicken fried rice was the best I have ever had from a teppenyaki style restaurant. The steak on the other hand was not cooked to liking.I am disappointed. I would occasionally come in to get away from the lunch crush, take a seat in the back booths, and order a good Hibachi meal. I come in yesterday and was told they recently stopped doing that. Now I understand, your house your rules. But I don't have the time to wait through an entire flair, I've got to eat and get back to work. I ended up leaving without lunch, damn shame too, great food. I hope I'll come back during dinner when I'm not pressed for time.Definitely a great value place for sushi. Entrees are decent, but not extraordinary. Friendly servers.The chef was entertaining so that was a positive.

There was several people in our party that qualified for their senior discount. When  we received our bills it wasn't on them. So we inquired about it and was old they don't do senior discounts on such a large party. After voicing our opinion regarding this matter and stating then we wouldn't be back those who qualified were given the discount. FOOD:  I have never had a meal that was not to my satisfaction.  PRICE: Very reasonable. SERVICE:  Fast, friendly service. Very personable, Sam kept our soda and iced tea filled to the brim. CONCULSION:  An alright place to go to hang out and chat with friends & eat some alright food  RETURN  FACTOR: Won't be my first choice to go here but I'll return. RETURN FACTOR: 100%================== RETURN VISIT UPDATE ==================Came again Thursday night after a meeting I attended with nine other people. It was the same group of people I went with in my first review of this establishment. The group was seated right away and our drink orders were taken. So why the low rating? Why? Because I ordered the Mango-Chile Tilapia. I took one bite and thought it was terrible. If you've seen my other reviews I normally like Tilapia so it wasn't the fish it was how the fish was prepared. It was cooked fine but the Mango-sauce with avocados on top was not appetizing.At this point everyone in our party was served and enjoying their meals. I was waiting for the waitress to come around and ask if anyone needed refills or how was their food, But she was nowhere to be found. When she finally did come around everyone was just about finished with their meals. Then she asks about how everyone's food was. So I told her. Someone who I assume was a manger comes over and asks if I wanted her to have my meal recooked. At first I said no I just wanted it taken off my bill.. because everyone was already done.  After awhile I reluctantly agreed to having my meal recooked without the mango sauce TO-GO..Upon reflection I should have asked for the meal to be comp'd and be done with it. FOOD: The food is exactly what you would expect from a Chili's Restaurant. :  SERVICE: I must admit for a large group we did receive good service. PRICE: The price  for the quality of food you receive is OK. AMBIANCE: It's like every other Chili's. CONCLUSION: When this sort of thing happens I don't know about you but it can completely ruin your dinning experience. I mean nothing ruins my mood easier than a poor meal when I'm expecting something much better. How I respond depends on my mood and on the circumstances. I didn't appreciate the waitress not returning to our table for such a long time because this whole experience could have been avoided. . RETURN FACTOR 50-50....%.     ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business.3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again.2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHI have to admit, it is one of the nicest Chili's I have been to in quite some time. Albeit it was a Sunday afternoon so it was a smidge slower than say a Friday night, it was still a nice. The chips we had for the chips and salsa were warm and delicious and the lighter fare chicken salad was excellent. One of the waitresses however seem to be having a bad day as it appeared she was in some type of disagreement with one of her tables. I actually felt bad for her because like everyone else, I couldn't help but stop and stare like everyone else. All in all, we will be back again soon.Well. Overall I do like this place. They have good food and reasonable prices. However, I wouldn't order any steaks. I do know they are not a steak house and they prove it. First, they cook steaks on a flat top not an open grill which just leaves to sit and cook in its own juices, second, they go by temperature of the meat to tell them when it's done not the feel which is ok if you make sure that the temperature is consistent through out the meat. I have been to a couple of chilis and both the same result. I order medium and it ends up where most of the stake is almost still raw, purple, not just link with blood, raw. I was told that medium is mostly pink and pointed to the menu that states medium is "light pink with no traces of red" so obviously the cooks don't understand the different temperature of meat. If you order a steak tear it a part. Don't just cut into the center because that will not give you the whole story...Had chilis for lunch today. Normally not a big fan but the grilled cheese and the chicken and rice we're very good! I ate 6 slices of the grilled cheeses with black beans & it definitely hit the spot. Will definitely come here again!Different experiences at different times and different days and even different parts of the restaurant. I guess some servers have it and some don't. What I look for in a sit-down eatery is someone who checks up, roughly 12-15 mins apart, make sure drinks are always full, and be a little friendly. Well, it doesn't always work out at this Chili's but my experience has never been bad. Just lacking sometimes.Wir waren über Silvester im Schlosshotel Karlsruhe zum Silvester-Tanz-Menü. Leider hat der Aufenthalt im Hotel einen zwiespältigen Eindruck hinterlassen.Das Entree, die Rezeption, die Bar und die Frühstücks-Räume sahen sehr gut und nobel aus. Das Personal an der Rezeption sowie in den Lokalitäten waren sehr freundlich und stets darauf bedacht, es dem Publikum recht zu machen und nach diesem zu schauen.Das Silvester-Tanz-Menü war auch gut und lecker.  Aber das ein Glas Chardonnay knapp sieben Euro kostet, grenzt an Abzocke. Die Preise bei ähnlichen gastronomischen Gegebenheiten lag bei ca. 4.50 Euro. Wir hatten Einzelzimmer im vierten Stock zum Hof. Aber in den 3 Übernachtungen war morgens ab 7 Uhr die Nachtruhe rum. Da wurde geräumt, geknattert, geklopft, also ein unerträglicher Lärm produziert. Selbst wenn Müll vom Hotel entsorgt wurde, sollte dies in Rücksicht auf die Gäste leiser gehen.Und warum bei HP nur ein Gericht zur Auswahl stand, entspricht nicht dem Modus eines 4-Sterne-Hotels. Hier wurde mit einem sehr dicken und sehr rosa aussehenden Roastbeef sicherlich nicht jedermanns Geschmack getroffen. Und zum Gericht hausgemachte schwäbische Spätzle sollten lt. Rezeptbuch einen leichten Biss haben, dürfen nicht kleben und sollten gleichmäßig dick sein. Warum die Spätzle im Schwarzwaldlokal im Schlosshotel aussahen wie Kartoffelbrei und ähnlich schmeckten, bleibt das Geheimnis der Küche. Warum eines Morgens der Käse- und Wurstaufschnitt während des Frühstücks nicht gekühlt präsentiert wurde, bleibt ebenfalls das Geheimnis der Küche. Zu erwähnen bleiben noch zumindest im 4. Stock die stets verschmutzten Gänge. Da lagen Papierschnipsel, Stoffstreifen, bzw. -fäden auch nach erfolgter Zimmerreinigung verstreut auf dem Boden. Auch im Durchgang von der Schwarzwaldstube zur Weinstube lag am ersten Abend ein Riesenhaufen Krümel auf dem Gang, was niemanden zu interessieren schien.In diesem Hotel war sehr viel Zusatzleistung möglich, allerdings immer mit Zusatzzahlungen. Allerdings sollten die genannten Zustände in einem so teuren 4-Sterne-Hotel nicht vorkommen.Dieses Hotel gilt als erstes Haus am Platz in Karlsruhe, aber es hat bessere Tage gesehen. Ziemlich abgewezt alles, alt, etwas heruntergekommen. Das Highlight ist ein alter Aufzug aus den 20ern oder 30ern.Ich mich etwas schwer mit dem Rating, das Personal ist ausgesucht freundlich und hilfsbereit.

Stuffed animal order marker with food stains = NASTYUpside was the food was decent and so were the prices.  But  why are there waitresses when you have to go to the register to order food, get drinks, and refills, and get your own chips and salsa?  They were nice, nonetheless...still...Overall I just got a blah reaction.I had way better fish tacos in San Diego.Chuys is definitely a casual dining place.  It refers to itself as a mesquite broiler, but the food seems pretty standard Tex-Mex.  I remember going to the location near 28th Street and Indian School when I was a teenager and it was a similar decor...however the old one seemed more beach-like than, as Margaret said "cheesy spray paint t-shirts from swap meet."What I did like about the facility is that it was very clean, well lit without glaring light, and spacious -- the tables aren't so close that you hit the people behind you when you are getting out of your chair.  Why do some restaurants do that?  How can being constantly bumped be an enjoyable meal time activity?  Again though everything was clean.Thankfully, we didn't get a stuffed animal marker.  The idea of having stuffed animals in a greasy food establishment is quite disgusting.  I only saw one table get one and it was a family with wee little children.I am not a partaker of buffets since I am not a fan of having everyone who has come through a restaurant touching my food, so I wasn't excited about the serve your own chips and salsa.  However, the sneeze guard was so large I could hardly reach the salsa -- and I have long arms.You do order your food at the counter and get your own chips, but the waitresses bring it to you and come by often to refill your drinks.The food was good.  We got a quesadilla, fajitas, and fries/chicken.  The portions were good with one exception...there were minimal tortillas with the fajitas, not near enough for all of the fajita insides.It definitely seemed like a place where everyone should be drinking!After shopping all day, I wanted something pretty quickly and something that won't break the bank. Chuys was a good stop!They offer good specials. I ordered to go and got the chicken fajita for $5 or $6 and it was good! They made it within 10 minutes or so.The staff were very helpful and friendly! In addition, while you wait they have video game machines and the "prize grab" machine. It must have been a lucky night because my husband scored a stuffed animal for my niece. We all left pleasantly surprised!My friend and I came to Chuy's this past Monday for the first time, since we heard that they had great prices on food and we were thinking to have maybe just one drink since we are seriously so poor now that it's not even funny. So we got there and I decided to get the "5 star enchilada combo" or something like that for $4.99. Good amount of food, but the quality was a little below average. "You get what you pay for" totally applies here.  But let's cut straight to the chase: If you're looking to do happy hour right and on a budget, this is your place! $2 Margaritas and $2.75 for ANY Well Drinks (all tall glasses). And they're not stingy on the the alcohol :) . Great service too.  Our server was nice, attentive, and gave us lemon drops on the house. My advice: Come here for happy hour (Everyday 3pm-6pm) if you wanna get a lot of drinks for a good price.  But if you're looking for good Mexican food, you're better off going to Macayo's.We ventured into Chuy's on Friday night, and didn't know what to expect. The decor is straight out of a cantina from any California boadwalk cafe. It offers pretty cool scenery with all the surf bbards and graffiti etc. The food - that's a different story, it' not that great. I had a Coors light from tap, it tasted old and flat, they needed to change to keg. Our food was California tacos fish, and steak was just ok, I've had way better. The only thing that I really enjoyed was the salsa n chips. So If I ever some here again, it would only be for the chips n salsaNow we ate here twice this past weekend? Yes, twice! I had to make sure about their service, which is lousy! The first night, family and I had a quick dinner before our daughter had to work. I had the tri tip sandwich, mother had the burger sliders, and daughter had the cheese burger.FOOD! - I love tri tip, especially from Santa Maria, CA. I have yet to find a place just as good. Chuy's is alright, I ate it, I enjoyed it, but nothing worth writing home about. Wife did like their burger sliders a lot. Plenty of flavor. Daughter was not that impressed with the cheese burger. patty way to think, too much pepper.Service! - It it wasn't for Ofelia! We might still be their waiting for our food or getting our check. I even requested for Ofelia to receive the tip!Now, I enjoyed Chuy's enough to come back again, this time I ordered their pull pork sliders, daughter had their chicken strips, and wife had their tri tip tacos, and their chico tacos.Again, I enjoyed their pull pork sliders, you do need to add BBQ sauce to them. They to tend to be on the dry side.  Again the daughter was not that impressed with the Chicken tenders, and their tacos were awful! no taste at all.Now their service again was lousy! Their cook had to serve us the food? Never seen our waiter except when ordering? Had to walk up to the bar and asked for the check. The only reason I might come back is, the place is rockin on Friday night!for my first time trying sonic after watching all those freakin commerical on tv here in the bay area.....i had to try it.  cherry limeade and the strawberry limeade was refreshing...slightly carbonated.  tater tots!?!?!  napoleon dynamite would love this place!  pretty good..not like those frozen ones you got in ur grade school lunch...i donno what it is....great option to fries.  their burgers were pretty good and so was the popcorn chicken.  luckily i had some friends with me so i can try different things.kinda cool old style drive up burger joint...and the dude was on roller blades...classic.  he actually dropped one of our drinks tho.mcdonalds still has the best fries...but nobody has tots like sonic.First off, isn't this Sonic on the NW corner of Elliot and Kyrene not Elliot and Rural?If you order drive-in style then your server will roller skate your order out to you.  Yes, even if your server is a guy.  I'm not really that psyched on Sonic.  They have good onion rings if you like onion rings and their Route 44 Cherry Limeades have yet to disappoint me.  Safe bets.The other night my kids were asking for ice cream and I couldn't see taking them to McDonald's for a $1 dollar sundae when Sonic was just down the road.  So I took them to Sonic for a milkshake.  Two had caramel and my little guy had chocolate.  Having tasted my daughter's caramel shake before, I knew it was good.  It's subtle and not overwhelmingly 'caramel'.  I think it's probably the best flavor they have.  Chocolate,..eh.  After getting the drinks we drove around on the interstates and my baby girl (6mos) crashed out as did my son who ordered the chocolate shake.  Mission accomplished.  Okay Sonic, I'll be back.I like the food. Try it for the first time. The strawberry limenade keeps me a happy camper. The only thing bugs me is that there is no instruction for first timer. And I feel lost about how to order. And the guy didn't even give me my changes back.For a massive fast food chain Sonic is the lesser of evils. I occasionally visit for a chili cheese dog with extra onions and mustard - and maybe a grape cream slush. I prefer their Scottsdale location because you can dine inside.Really good service this evening and they were busy.

-kids gym (was not open when they advertised)($$)

-Sushi

Taste - 3/5 good but Jollibee parabok is better

Though the folks that work here are quite in the know about all the latest and how to use them. So I do appreciate that for sure.Lots of parking in the lot, though it is always really full(the Lot). THey do charge for Delivery. But, not a bad store by far.While on a business trip in the area, we needed some equipment.  This was down the street and Best Buy should have every electronic need.  Well, kind of.We needed a power cord for a Canon camcorder.  They did not have that, but did sell a $30 "universal" camcorder charger.  Universal this is not, even though the guy handling the cameras section said it should work fine.  Also said if it doesn't work, I can return it.I ended up having to return the "universal" charger because the adapter plug wouldn't even fit into the camera.Was mad at them for making us wait 3 1/2 hours for my roommate to get her pre ordered phone but they let me watch movies and gave me coffeeCould use more curb appeal. However it always has whatever I need in stock and one of the better ones.I personally love him.I went Oct 19th to buy an HDTV that I saw for a great deal on their website.  The guy did not believe me when I said which tv it was for and what price.  (Sharp LC42D64U for $1199.99)  He insisted that it was a different tv then the printout I had with me and he checked for the website.  He makes a few phone calls and tries to talk to his manager and still seems very hesitant about price matching it's own website!After waiting around for about 35 minutes, I finally got the TV I wanted but he refused my coupon of 10% off of sale price for any tv.so, they lost 2 stars for not making my experience faster and questioning what I said so much.   I don't know if not accepting the coupon is policy or not but I am not taking stars off for that (maybe i should).  I am atleast happy that they brought the TV out to my car and helped me put it in.  Overall, I got what I wanted, only by knowing exactly what I wanted... I do not recommend coming here to browse... nor the bestbuy nearby.I shop there all the time, but DANG!! The clerks are just RUDE! They don't know how to smile! The prices are a little on the high-side, but most of the CDs are hard to find, so the prices are understandable. I always have a hard time getting someone to help me when I look for jewelry or beads and I'm NATIVE! lol! I like the Native Pride shirts, they're pretty cool and they're not at Powwow Prices! It's just the customer Service! That and EVERYTHING is Effing Navajo! It's annoying really. I wish there was a more equal representation of various tribes, especially considering that there are 22 tribes in Arizona alone!If you're a non-native, this is where the real natives hang out. They're a little curt, and often rude and won't move no matter how loudly you say excuse me and that's just the customers! The clerks, are very soft spoken and it's sometimes difficult to understand them. They're often rude and have no customer service skills at all! But if you're looking for the authentic place where many artisans get their gear - you'll find it here!I have brought my Aussie here twice. Being pretty particular, I am happy with the service at puff and fluff. I was a little disappointed after a service, I didn't speak up at the time, because I was busy with bigger things. But when they followed up with me, I voiced my concerns and was offered to come in the next day and have the misunderstanding fixed. I am disappointed that puff and fluff doesn't over much for scissoring when it comes to my Aussie. His butt hair was shaved to the length I asked, but not blended as well as I would like. But over all he was bathed and shaved and the second time, the women at the front desk did explain they don't do much when it comes to scissoring. So at least she was honest.Have taken my girl there a few times.  The cut and groom was good.The Camelback Copenhagen store is the only one I can recommend. The ones in Tempe and Scottsdale were extremely disappointing. The sales people at those stores ignored me the entire time and were too busy chatting among themselves. At least in the Camelback store the sales people offered assistance and were willing to explain some of the design features of the furniture. I will definitely shop again at the Camelback store.Nibblers is the main supplier of my companies catered events. Their service is always stellar; set-up, take down and presentation cannot be any better. However, the food itself is a little hit or miss for me. Their dinner foods such as the Chicken Cordon Belu and the Beef Brisket are consistently very good. The sides are okay, I've had the green beans, mashed potatoes and salad. The breakfast leaves much too be desired; super oily sausages and bacon, fake eggs, and the greasiest most unflavorful potatoes known to mankind. The breakfast burritos weren't bad once their salsa was added to them. The bagels and muffins are bland. Out of all their meals I prefer their the dessert, which is always an assorted selection of finely made delectables. You can't go wrong with a brownie, lemon bar, cookie, or even a petit four! YUM!We had food catered  by the society  . The food was cold when I ate breakfast  . The eggs were overcooked  and dry .  The fruit seem old probably from the day before . The muffins were the nest partWhy it is good:

Shrimp tempura, spicy shrimp, cream cheese topped with salmon, toasted mayo eel sauce and sriracha. 4/5Pain in the Ass:

Perfectly cooked roasted chicken: check

OVERALL : This was our second time flying in/out of McCarran Intl. and we don't have anything major to complain about, heh. If this was LAX it would be a totally different story. ;)TSA PreCheck can vary from location/terminal and airport. At LGB we had no issues with bringing in bottled water (they were unopened) and the husband wearing a belt. Here, our bottled water was tossed (oh well) and everyone was still asked to place their keys/wallets/phones/belts in a bowl for examination/x-ray. With that said, the TSA agents we encountered were quite grumpy and condescending - so watch out for that.As a frequent Business traveler I must say McCarran is a good airport.  The set up is really good for not just inbound but outbound flights.  The check in process to the gates is pretty smooth and even with heavy traffic things move quickly.    The baggage claim process is a letdown.  It is slower than most airports.  May be aging equipment or a airline staffing issue but 30 minutes plus from arrival is the norm.  The drop off and pick up process is really good.  The fact you can pay for parking in advance makes things even better.   I picked up a rental once and that was not as good as it should be.  They need more buses to shuttle to the offsite rental faculty.  Overall a good airport.It's an OK airport. I hate the smell of cigarettes no matter HOW fancy your air duct system is. The terminal is littered with Smoking areas. But  it's Vegas - gotta rake the good with the bad. Plenty of the typical shopping/food vendors.....and more slots! Just in case you are having withdrawal symptoms. Nothing too fancy about the airport.Flew into Vegas last week via this airport. I wasn't too impressed. I've been to many different parts of the world and Hong Kong International is my favorite airport. This place seemed to be in a frenzy and unorganized. Bathrooms and the inside of the airport in general, seemed pretty dirty. We called out for help to an employee working there and he walked right on by, didn't even care. Staff seemed unorganized but they were friendly and helpful when we did find someone who would help us. Not a lot of places to eat here so bring your munchies if you get hungry easily!Sin City! As soon as I landed and got off the plane, the first thing I saw was slot machines! How cool is that ? Gamble while you wait.Pay attention to signs. I took the tram to wrong terminal and ended up at terminal 1. So I couldn't find the carrousel to pick up my bag. I would have needed to take a shuttle back to terminal 3. My cousin is a native and still had to drive around 3 times to find me. This airport is quite confusing...McCarran- slightly unpredictable. Some days no wait, some days it'll take ya a while to get to the gate. Baggage: this is important! After you get to the tram area, there are two separate trams for two separate terminals. Make sure you pick the one that has your airline listed. If you messed up, totally okay. Just a pain in the ass, but you can exit baggage and take the terminal bus to the other one. Taxi ride is about $30 to the strip.Limo is about 65, I believe, so rally yo' friends and arrive like a baller. Awesome: free Wi-Fi.Not awesome:

We went for lunch the second time and I was less than impressed. I wasn't very hungry so opted to just get the Tortilla soup. The server was not very attentive and when he brought out my soup it was cold. It took some time to actually find him to get it taken care of and even then he asked me if I just wanted them to reheat it?!!! Uhh excuse me? Wow, why not fix the mistake by getting me a whole new bowl and actually cook it correctly?!  The other thing that rubbed me the wrong way was that I had asked for some cheese to put on top of the soup- they had the nerve after all of that to charge me a $1 for that! Now I realize it is just a dollar but really? After they screwed up, we had crappy service and by the time it was fixed my honey was done eating so I only had time to eat half of the soup anyhow.The reality for us is that we live in an area that has not many choices when it comes to mexican food so we will probably go back again. I will not however, be going back for seconds on the Tortilla soup.What else should some new england guys do when they're visiting family this close to mexico? Margaritas and tacos!First off...don't be confused by the location. This business is one of the few that is not closed in this strip mall.  (I'm confused as to how the snow board rental shop didn't make it in AZ?)  The upside of this is plenty of available parking!  The decor is classic "Mexican restaurant in America", which I actually think is fun.The service was decent, although for how slow the place was I think they could've been a little more attentive.  The staff is mainly high school/college age kids..who look like they're trying at least.  The waiter even ran after us as we were leaving to give my cousin her reading glasses ($1.99@walgreens) that she left on the table...not by any means because she had a couple margaritas.Food was decent...I would definitely come back again for a casual bite.  We arrived at 4pm, which was awesome because the bar was having happy hour.  We each got a different margarita on the list.  I decided on the Don Quixote because I enjoy an aged tequila.  All of us decided that the marg's were quite tasty.  We ordered the sampler platter and a bunch of the $1 Tijuana tacos and must admit that they were very good.  I'll commonly do 'taco tuesdays' at a local bar in boston and their $2 taco's don't stand a chance next to these.  The sampler platter was okay, but I wouldn't order it again.Our stomachs full of awesome tacos and margs...the only thing left to do while visiting family in phoenix is to stretch out under the sun and take a little siesta!Yummy food and drinks, I have never been disappointed.I have very mixed feelings about this place.  I reviewed the McKellips location a couple times....once a great review, and once a bad review.  Now, we've been to the Gilbert location a few times now on Saturday for happy hour, while my sons at his guitar lesson.  Their house margaritas are really good....and cheap during happy hour (3 or 4 bucks I think).  Their chips and green salsa are also very good....but you have to pay for them in the bar...at least during happy hour.  Had the nachos once, but realized the beans aren't vegetarian so I won't be having them again.  I'm sure we'll go again for happy hour, but that's probably about it.One thing I absolutely love is the decor!  So cute and charming!  Love it!Had their lunch menu.  Both the wife and I had the burritos.  She had chicken, I had pork.  Pork was seasoned great.  The wife found the chicken not seasoned at all.  Too bland.  Rice and beans are very good!  Nice selection of flavorful Margaritas!My parents like this place so we eat here fairly often.  The salsa is pretty good and the food is reasonable for americanized mexican.  Nothing is particularly spicy or flavorful and they may serve the worst fish tacos I've ever had.  If you stick to burros and fried ice cream you can have a nice family dinner here.They weren't busy so the server was on the money! I tried the pulled pork fajitas and my girlfriend try the chicken fajitas. The veggies and tortillas were awesome but everything else kind of lacked flavor. The server brought out plenty of chips with three different kinds of salsa. They were unique but none really popped for me. We ordered some fried ice cream, a necessity at a Mexican restaurant, and after about 15 minutes the waitress informed us that they didn't have it. The manager offered to buy us desserts for the inconvenience, which was pretty awesome if u ask me. I had the key lime pie and the kids had the kids Sunday. I will have to try this place again and see if something else on the menu has some Zing.The food wasn't that great.  I ordered papas con carne, the pork was pretty dry.  I guess I didn't read the menu description because when I think of "papas" I think chunks of potatoes but Tia Rosa serves pureed potatoes.  The flour tortillas were the highlight of the meal, I asked if they made them but they buy them from a distributor.  I used the tortillas to scoop up the meat and topped it with the potato mixture to cure the dry meat.  It was definitely something I had never had before.The margaritas were excellent and the bartender was awesome.First time trying this place out, and I must say it's pretty good :)Good carne, good service! The salsa is boring though....I had to ask for some hotter stuff. Too bad I missed happy hour.This is the place on everyone's lips right now - always crowded!  We tried it on a Friday night and somehow got seated in less than ten minutes.  Guess everyone wanted outside seating in the beautiful weather.  Ordered a shot on the menu that sounded yummy - but wasn't.   Cheese crisp was burnt.  Green salsa, as others have said was sweet but I loved it.  Food was good but not great.  The shining star in our meal was the server, Tara.  She was very on top of everything even though very busy.  And I was impressed that she asked my permission before serving my 11 year old refills on soda.  We may or may not try this again.  Wanted to be thrilled since it is within walking distance.We always seem to try this restaurant during our stays in Mesa.  We usually get either the Flying Saucer, Beef Carne Plater Tortilla, or the Chicken Chimichanga for a meal and have never been unsatisfied with what is served to us.  My wife likes it because they can make the food at a consistent spice level where it is not too "bland" or too hot for someone to eat.  I have read previous reviews and about the food being too "sweat" and am fortunate to say that has not been our experience.An appointment was running late so is decided to wait here. They had a $5 margarita special. The margarita was good, nothing amazing. Server had zip for personality but wasn't rude either. No chips or salsa were offered at the bar so I can't comment in that.Nice large family style restaurant with decent service & broad menu.We visited this spot on a weeknight date night.  We had visited a farmers market nearby and heard this spot was good.Strip mall spot super duper decorated for the holidays in that fun fiesta grandma style.  We opted for the patio which is big but only an alley view.We tried the margaritas- of course from mix how disappointing in Arizona!  Just juice a lime people!!!My hunny had the seafood enchiladas and liked it very much but did not appeal to me.  I had the carne asada plate which was of a crock pot shredded beef instead of grilled steak which I was expecting.  Not a big fan of this- the grilled peppers and onions was the only thing I ate.My hunny got the homemade ice cream which was had ice crystals and the raspberry topping was the highlight of the night!This is a very popular spot. Beans and rice are excellent! The salsas are too sweet and not spicy enough. Service was friendly and quick.Was excited to see they serve breakfast the setting is very nice with a great outdoor seating area which is wear I chose to have breakfast today. I ordered the biscuits with gravy top with a spicy chorizo sausage served with two links as well and 2 eggs the staff was nice but did not seem overly knowledgeable about the options on the menu, not well trained or informed . My breakfast came quickly unfortunately it was luke warm at best, I asked for my eggs to be poached and they came out basted which was no big deal but nothing was said by the waitperson not that the young lad probley new poached from basted from over easy ect. I might attempt this place again maybe for lunch or dinnerI've been here over 20 times mainly because it's in walking distance. It is decent food and fast service but I struggle to say any one dish is great. But if your looking for some what cheap fast family friendly Mexican style food then go for it just don't get a craving for it on Sunday's they are closed!I don't get what all the fuss is about. Perhaps I expected too much? We came in on a Tuesday around 1:30pm and there was a 15 minute wait. We figured it must be good! Our waiter was friendly and interactive. We ordered two lunch specials  with a beef taco and beef flautas. Although not rave-worthy, the meat was great and stands out from other places. Unfortunately, the main reason why we won't be back is because of the hostess. She was incredibly rude! She had a "I'm too good to serve you" attitude. At one point, I thought we had left our daughters diaper bag in the lobby so I went back to check but didn't see it. The lobby was empty and the hostess was standing there looking at a piece of paper. I approached her and explained that I may have left a bag on the bench and if perhaps she had seen it. She never bothered to look up at me as I was talking until after I finished and all she said was "excuse me?" Really? You just ignored me this whole time? It sucks when the food is good but the staff is the reason why they've lost your business.Been coming for years. Mckellips location burned down and have to come to Higley in Gilbert now. Just had our order taken after waiting 40 minutes to be seated and then 30 minutes at the table. Unbelievable!I have been debating on what to write in this review as I really wanted to give a higher rating.  The atmosphere was nice with some very cool decor. But we got seated in a back room next to the bathrooms where there were just a few tables. Both my husband and I had the carne asada. It was more of a chunky pulled style rather than a thin piece of strip steak. That was certainly not my preference.  All in all, I have had better Mexican food.I want to love this place! We've read all these great reviews and we've given it a shot 1) dine in, 2) take out, and even for a  3) corporate picnic. The service at this location is positively rotten. I'd like to think it's just one or two bad apples and not the bunch, but we've now tried it enough times to  realize the problem at this location runs deep. The food isn't bad. It's just mehh. Fish tacos that are so sweet you don't really want to finish. It's not a bad place, but it's not good. After roughly ten dining experiences here we've decided it isn't worth it any more. It's overpriced and under serviced. It's a real bummer.ok then. I've read the other reviews, and I 'pretty much' agree w/them as far as customer service goes. (and yes, no matter what the sales people say, they do make commission's on their sales). But, the prices are just beyond unbelievable. I could not believe the price-tags! I mean, come-on; $105.35 for a leather belt! that's entirely outrageous! the same belt at wal-mart is $19.99, except for the fact wal-mart belts only go to sixe 44-46. I picked-out 4 shirts, 2 pairs of shorts, and 1 pair of trousers (no belt): $517.88 after taxes. and yes, I needed this addition to my wardrobe as I gained alot of weight during this last year with an illness. hopefully, this purchase will be 'disposable' as I continue/progress to lose my body weight. *I'll never/ever set foot on this property again.This Chipotle (on Hwy 51 beside the Catholic High School) is ok but not as easy to get in and out of as the one on Providence Road.  For starters, they share a parking lot which is not laid out very well. Second, getting back out into the flow of traffic on 51 can be tough, even if you are taking a right out of the lot.  So, today I stopped in to grab some lunch to take back to the office,  and found that the service was pretty slow compared to my other visits to Chipotle.3 people had apparently ordered online and were now standing around waiting for their orders, which had not been prepared prior to their arrival. This sort of discombobulated  the entire line staff and the cashier.  When they finally took my order,  things flowed a little better until I got to the checkout.  There I had to wait for awhile so that the cashier could sort & bag the orders for the folks who had ordered online.  They need to figure out how to streamline the fulfullment of online orders so that it is more smooth and efficient.  Still, it's Chipotle - so the food is fresh and tasty... always a good choice when you want a quick and inexpensive meal.As a strict vegetarian, normally if a place serves me a vegetarian meal with a hidden piece of beef in it I cut the place off forever. But chipotle is so good even I had to come back again. 5 stars for food deliciousness. 1 star for not avoiding cross contamination.Based on other burrito places in the area, Chipotle on Pineville-Matthews Road was okay.  The burrito I ordered (pork) and drink was a bit higher in price compared to other burrito places.  All drinks are coke products, no issue there.  The burrito itself was good, though it had a lot more rice than other products in it.  The facility is next to a Japanese steakhouse and has limited parking as a result.  Limited seating, with one spot constantly being dripped upon by the A/C above.I love Chipotle, but whoever made the guac yesterday really messed up. There was so much salt in the guac that was almost all you could taste. I must say that the staff here were probably the friendliest bunch of staff I've encountered at a Chipotle. While the guac was terrible, the rest of the burrito was great. Excellent and really delicious which I always get coming here.I love Chipotle, so it hurts me to give this location only a 3 star rating.It's a typical Chipotle so when you walk in you wait in the long line (there is always a line at Chipotle)!  The lines move pretty quick so no complaints there.  When We got closer to ordering there were about three people in front of me going through the toppings part of the line, once they got to the lettuce part...all three of them had to say "Can I please have more?".  The girl was, not exaggerating, putting like five pieces of lettuce on all the dishes.  I thought maybe she's learned a lesson and I won't have to say anything.  Nope!  Had to tell her twice, "a little more please, a little more".  I guess I could have said  A LOT more but I don't like being rude when it comes to my food.  My burrito bowl tasted great like always, but my 3 star review is for the cleanliness of the restaurant.  It was disgusting!  All available trash cans we overflowing to the max!  I overheard one gentleman telling the people at the counter that there was no more room for trash, and I heard him ask this when I started eating.  When it was my turn to throw stuff away, the trash still had not been taking care of!  People were just leaving their trash by the drink station or just leaving the mess at the tables they were sitting at!  The seating is already VERY limited so you could see where this could be a problem!I love Chipotle, but this location will be hard to visit again anytime soon.  :(The workers there were great, and Chipotle always tastes good..... BUT my biggest pet peeve is when a Chipotle doesn't give good portion sizes and they definitely need a lesson!!This theater is nestled in the Clarion hotel and is a bit larger than you might expect- and the Shades of Sinatra show is actually pretty good too.Theater has seen better days- tables are set with electric candles instead of the real thing (and ours was broken), and the booths look like they were put in around the same time Frank Sinatra was here, but their sound system is very much in working order- and perhaps set a bit too loud.Hit the lobby before your show for a strong-ass drink.Things started out great. Scott (owner) was in the Scottsdale/Thunderbird store when I came in. My wife and I decided on the porcelain plank tile, which looks outstanding and was a great price. Issues arose during the hand off from Arizona Flooring Direct to the installers.They arrived a day early, when I wasn't home, and were ready to proceed with the installation. I was in the middle of a full remodel which would not be completed until the next day since floors needed to be the last thing done. I had to come home and I ended up hauling boxes of tile (they didn't have a dolly and broke mine) into my condo so they had the materials on site to start the next day. Despite repeated calls and messages, I never again heard from Scott. I finally spoke with Gabe (GM) who was useless and left me feeling as if I was being unreasonable with my concerns. I went back into the store and found out Sheila, the saleswoman, no longer works there. At the end of the day, the floor does look nice and it was a great price. However, I ended up going elsewhere for my carpeting needs due to their lack of accountability. I hope this ends up helping them with their customer service in the future.Reviews for businesses on their first day open are always open for adjustment later.Vietnamese food is my latest passion. I've occasionally eaten it since I was a child, but lately it's been an obsession, cooking it, eating it, and learning as much as I can. When I heard a Vietnamese restaurant was opening within just blocks of my home, I was beyond ecstatic, licking my chops with anticipation. Viet Kitchen operates another location on 101 and Cave Creek Road, which is well regarded but not considered the top of it's realm. The new location downtown took over where Restaurant Acapulco was located, a place I liked for breakfast, but was downright embarassing for any other meal.Upon walking in, I was somewhat confused by the "order here" sign, but the owner telling me to have a seat. Is this a counter order or a full service? I knew what I wanted, Bun Bi Cha Gio, so I ordered it at the counter and then had a seat. Service was typical of a Vietnamese joint, food and drink come out quickly, then you never see anyone again. This is not a sign of bad service, just a sign of a different style and culture... if you want something, you're expected to tell them. If they don't hear you speak up, then they assume you don't need them. By "them" I mean restaurant employees not "those people." When my food came, one of two things were painfully obvious, either they are cutting corners, or they couldn't get the right ingredients on the first day open. There was bagged, shredded Iceberg Lettuce in my Bun... WHAT? It threw off the flavor of the entire dish, and I've never had anything but Romaine at any restaurant, which is how it's supposed to be done. Their Nuoc Mam was very disappointing as well, and was missing the punch you get from the usual Chili, Garlic, and was a little boring. Overall, I thought the dish was not well done, though they were very generous with the grilled pork and egg roll and both were ok in quality... pork a bit fatty. Overall, I'm thankful to have this restaurant in the neighborhood, and I feel that it will improve over time. It's clean, the staff is friendly, and it's overly convienent. I was prepared for the prices being higher, which is expected when your rent is high, but $10.50 for Bun and Iced Tea is crazy. Most places the same order costs me $7 and I can often get Goi Cuon with it and still be $10 and I'm stuffed. Oh well. Convienence costs. I wouldn't make a special trip for this place, but if you live downtown it will get the job done. I *hope* the Iceberg Lettuce was just a first day thing, and I'm under the assumption that it is, but if I go back again and they have Iceberg, I'm swearing this place off.NOM NOM viet cuisine in the D-Town! Rep Rep!Pho Bo: Broth had a nice sodium balance, not too sweet or salty.  My usual is Steak + Meatballs.  The steak was well done as oppose to rare, which I prefer.  Meatball was fine.Banh Mi: A second visit I had an order of this.  The baguette tasted fresh and chewy.  Unlike most pate's, VK meshed it with light soy sauce, which did not bother me too much as it helped bring out the cold meat filling and veggies.Egg Rolls: No complaint here, Crispy shell and good filling.Conclusion: The decor is very modern, seems to be the trend here in PHX among Pho places.  Its quite refreshing to see many office dwellers consume Viet food here, actually.  More to try next time, VK has easily made it into my Lunch Rotation thanks to its centralized location.Well...I'm super excited that there is finally, finally some V-food in downtown Phoenix.  The more ethnic cuisine around the better.  It is in a convenient location on 1st and Adams.  The kitchen area is open to the public (a first I think I've ever seen).  I ordered take out and everything I needed was in there.  The plus, fast service.  The minus, I felt like things were not quite as tasty as some of my other standbyes.  The prices also reflect the snazzy downtown locale, a dinner for two came out to be closer to 30 bucks (which is still a bargain) but I'm used to about 15-20 at the divier joints.  I'm still going to support them when I'm in a pinch for takeout or lunch downtown, but if I'm craving the authentic and frenetic pace of a Vietnamese eatery I'll have to head out to the avenue's for some of the more established dives.

Good value however next time I'll return to one of the newer hotels on the strip.I love downtown Vegas. Most folks think its too old skool and grimey, but I love the nostalgia. I've stayed at many of the hotels (Mandalay, Aria, THE HOTEL), but the Golden Nugget is classic. The hotel still feels old skool with some new touches i.e. flat screens at the bar, Starbucks in the lobby and The Shark Aquarium Pool. The pool and its slide=a fun time.The customer service was excellent, butUnfortunately the rooms need more updating and fast. The interiors are old, from the head boards to the curtains and AC units. Yes single AC units, not central air. Probably because its so old, but still. The bathroom and shower smelled damp and dank.We stayed at the Golden Nugget the last night of our honeymoon.  We had stayed on the strip, and thought it would be cool to stay on Fremont Street the last night.  They have done some upgrades to the property, but coming from the modern hotels on the strip I felt like I was taking a downgrade.  The one redeeming feature they have is the shark tank by the pool.  It was really cool to swim near the tank and use the water slide that goes through the tank.I try to avoid downtown hotels at all costs since they're old, icky looking and smell like ashtrays.  I had friends from out of town over the weekend who wanted to see the light show and the shark tank.  I haven't even heard of a shark tank downtown - what shark tank?  We followed the signs to The Tank.  It's pretty neat!  The pool is heated and you can drink there or go down the slide as if you're swimming with the sharks.  A smaller version of the one in Atlantis (Bahamas).I was amazed how neat the Golden Nugget looks.  They have Chihuly-esque glass sculptures and light fixtures.  I wouldn't know what the rooms are like though since I still don't trust downtown hotels.  This is where old folks party.  LOL.I met up with my family here for a short Thanksgiving vacation. The price was definitely great. There was a web special so I got the cheapest room for free and felt no need to upgrade.It was a short stay for the night but everything went well and I can't complain. The kiosk to sign in for the Carson Towers is handy. No line waiting for them too. My room was nice, design felt a bit dated but that's probably why it was the cheaper room. I understand why they don't have free wifi, but in this day in age it's a big con to some people. If I were staying longer than a night I may have become perturbed. The shark tank is awesome, though I didn't get to actually experience it. The validation was a bit confusing. Probably because I used a kiosk I didn't have someone tell me I don't need it to be validated. Imagine my surprise when I pull out of the garage to have the guy look at me weirdly saying I'd been there a long time (He thought I gambled for 24+ hours straight apparently.)The smoke smell is everywhere. It started to get to me the next day. I doubt I could have stayed longer. Oh well.My wife and I took our first trip to Vegas last October (2011). I was surprised at how clean the Golden Nugget was, and how nice it was! Honestly, I was expecting a lot less. It wasn't until we visited some of the supposedly "nicer" places on the strip that we realized that the Nugget is much better than it's given credit for. Our room was very clean. The carpet had just been cleaned before we arrived. I guess it's possible that a lake of vomit had to be cleaned up, or the soggy remnants of a porn video production, or whatever, but the only thing we saw or smelled was a clean room. I appreciated that. Then we noticed that somebody was always, and I mean ALWAYS, doing a shampoo job on the carpet somewhere in that place. Whatever the reason, I liked it. It told me that they wanted it to be clean all the time. We never attempted room service. In fact, we didn't take advantage of much at all that the hotel had to offer. If it had have been only the room I was talking about, I would have given it 5 stars, especially after seeing the room my friends had in a much more expensive hotel on the strip! However, getting a drink in the casino required huge patience and even an occasional scavenger hunt for a waitress. And also, the check in time was too long. I would think that management could figure out peak times for customers checking in and out and staff up the desk for this. Oh well. Overall, we enjoyed the Nugget and will certainly stay again.This is a review for the spa and casino only. I did not sleep here.Spa: The amenities like robe and locker room were nice and the decor was luxurious, but the service felt lacking.I used a Groupon for a 80-minute hot stone massage. This was my first of the kind, so I have nothing to compare it to. The masseuse brushed the area of my skin with a brush (I assume to get rid of dead skin), massaged the area, then smoothed over it with hot stones. It was generally relaxing but it felt rushed--perhaps so, since she ended a full 15 minutes early, and started me 10 minutes late.They recommend arriving 30 minutes early for the appointment so you can get ready and perhaps use their sauna, steam room, hot tub, showers, or just sit and read a magazine or newspaper. I got there an hour early and it was definitely a good idea. I got to enjoy the water but not the other snacks since all that was left were crumbs. But being in the desert made me SO parched I chugged that H20 like a freakin' camel. And the lotion in the massage hydrated my terribly parched skin!Had I not used the Groupon, this service would have been about $230, including tip. They automatically include a 30% tip, but you can change it.Casino: In a word, nice. This is probably the only place worth going to on Fremont Street if you're more of a new-Vegas-Strip-side fan. There are penny slots and people smoke, but doesn't every place have this in Vegas? I might say this casino, while definitely smaller than ones on the strip, was nicer than the LVH.The hotel was recently remodeled and looks great inside. The reason for the three stars is because the hotel it's self looked awesome with the pool/shark tank/water slide thing going on but the rooms slaked a bit. The rooms are not bad at all just not equally aesthetic as I had expected from the main floor and lobby. I would enjoy returning in the summer months to enjoy the built in floating/waiting lounge chairs.Not a bad hotel for Las Vegas, relatively inexpensive but neighborhood is dicey at night.The good:  Rush tower rooms are very nice. They are modern and clean. The casino is on par with any on the strip. Pool area is cool too.What could've been better: room up-charges are a downer: $10 for in room coffee from the Kurig coffee maker, $15 a day for Internet, $20 to use the gym for the day. $7 for a bottle of Figi water. Room needs mini fridge.Summary: I found the rush tower rooms and casino to be very nice, and for those reasons I could see myself coming back.Go downtown! You'll love it. That's what I heard from those who proceeded me to Vegas. So I did.Cluttered place but decent selection of gaming, very attentive waitresses and much less pressure than the tables on the Strip. Seemed to be a good place to hang my hat for a bit.Feeling a little like Jack Burton I spent some quality time at the craps table, and had a fairly successful time until the boxman starting yelling at me in a very thick accent (one would gather it Chinese in origin) about a five dollar minimum, which I was clearly well above on that roll.  Becoming a bit flustered by this confusion, I felt what little mojo I had leave the room. And then like Lo Pan flying through that alley, Duke's money disappeared into thin air. I don't blame this gent for my loss, but I just wondered why he couldn't count my chips on the table.As I dragged my sorry ass out of the door onto Fremont Street to the strains of some cover band, all I heard was someone yelling out, "Have ya paid your dues, Duke?".This night, I most certainly felt as if I did...When ever we make our trips to Las Vegas, we stay down on Fremont Street . . . and . . . The Golden Nugget is our hotel / casino of choice.  This trip however was not one of the better stays.Twice during our 5 day stay, we had to call housekeeping because our maid had left the diry towels on the entrance table . . . not sure why . . . and one day, she even left the tip behind.The tables were overly crowded, even though they were all open . . . with the exception of ones located by the Chart House.  Why those weren't open as well . . . I do not know.The saving grace this trip were the Valets . . . they remember us from our comings and goings . . . and even asked how my back was doing, since they knew I had tweaked it early in our stay.We will be back since everyone has a bad day . . . and the Rush Tower still has the best rooms on Fremont Street.Golden Nugget is the largest Casino/Hotel complex in downtown Las Vegas. It's also a more upscale property. For this year NAB I had a good deal to stay here through Orbitz so I decided to try it. It turned out to be a bit more an adventure than I was expecting. Arriving late Saturday/early Sunday a the airport, it was about 2 am when I came to check-in. The attendant did look up my reservation and seemed a bit embarrassed. She asked me to wait a bit and disappeared in an office for about 10 minutes. She then came back apologizing saying that they were overbooked and had no room available despite my confirmed and prepaid reservation. They proposed me to send me (at their expenses) to the Bellagio (a much more upscale hotel on the strip) for the night, pay me back my night and upgrade me for the remaining nights. The arrangement was good, I think they did well in face of a bad situation. Off course it was annoying to have to go to another hotel that late and then to move hotel again the next day but it was appreciated that they did put me in such a nice hotel for that night.The room that I got for the remaining days is in the "Golden Tower" and is actually quite nice with full amenities. It's comfortable and allows for a good night sleep. The room decor seems a bit dated, not sure if it's on purpose and targets a different audience. The only thing that annoyed me a bit was the heating/cooling unit which is the autonomous kind without a real temperature control.A very good value overall and the best downtown experience I had for sure.I recently stayed at the Golden Nugget on a trip to Vegas with a friend. The Shark Tank pool is rather impressive as is the lobby decor. There was some renovating going on there, so I'm curious to go back and see the finished product. The room itself was ok. Nothing too spectacular, but I guess if you're going to Vegas all you need is a place to lay your head! The water temperature and pressure in the shower were awful. I don't know if that was just my room or if it's like that in each one. The nice thing about the Nug, as I've taken to calling it, is it's proximity to the Freemont Experience. It's literally right outside the front door. That made for some good people watching in the evenings. The Deuce bus also stops close by, so it's relatively easy to access the Strip.The next time I go to Vegas, I either want to stay on the Strip or at a resort nearby.Convienent location on fremont.  Very nice decor since the Reno. The rooms are nothing special and not changed in the Reno and have been the same for the last 10 years. Un fortunately never had a good meal in any of the restaurants and the buffet is the worst especially for the price. Pool is very nice!Stayed two nights in the "new" gold club tower, we upgraded to the gold club room. definitely not worth the upgrade. The pleather couch was very uncomfortable to sit on after a few minutes. Bed was nice though extra firm, pillows were horrible. Most of the employees we encountered, other than the cashiers, were surly or at least not friendly. We are going to stay on the strip next time.Ok this is two separate reviews, Hotel then Casino.Carson Tower, average.  Bed very good and comfortable, bathroom had some chipped rust in the tub around the drain, clock radio broken, TV very good, no fridge but available for rent, Did have a flood in the bathroom, Housekeeping and Engineering very good response, room very clean.

Good (and cheap) food, clean tables. I will definitely be back.This is one of the nicer Roberto's I've been to. I usually order carne asada fries or the California burrito, but the other day I saw my co-workers eating some taquitos and that made me crave it ever since. So since I was determined I came to this location on a Wednesday night. As I look at the menu I remember they call their taquitos rolled up tacos instead. I order the special that comes with guac and beans as well. I get excited when I get my food and dig in. The rolled up tacos were rather dry? The beans were decent and the chicken taco had a whatever taste. I do like the fact they put cheese all over the servings. I don't think I will order this again and stick to my usual choices of fries or California burrito. Although last time I had the fries I wasn't that impressed either?I think Roberto's is hit or miss by location. There's 1 I would give 0 stars while another one I would give 5! This place is in the middle hence the 3 stars. Service was quick and I didn't hear anyone with issues despite it being lunch and packed. No problem with my order (carne asada nachos no sour cream no beans and Jamaica juice) but I did try to get a refill on the drink and they wanted to charge $1!? I'll just get a FREE refill of fruit punch then thank you. The other locations I go to it's not guarded and charged so that was weird. It was pretty messy in there too. Yes it's lunch hour but you could wipe down the tables in between customers.Tried this for the first time after having the munchies after the club. And the only thing that was open at 3am. I tried the manchata burrito and it was delicious. I went back the next day because i was hung over and somewhat helped. I tasted my sweetheart carne asada burrito and it was just as good. The hot sauce was very bland and no flavor. Really wish they had a salsa bar cuz I'm a fan of spicy food. The place was really clean and our food was made to order. The prior 0 people that took our order were very nice and friendly. Overall good food and I will be returning.Pretty average taco shop, a little watered down in some locations to fit the taste of the gringos.  =)In fairness though, their market here is a little different than the market in California.  Even in Vegas some of the Roberto's are just a little different in depth of flavor.They have somethings that on the menu in San Diego (Hazard Center store) that they do not have here and I wish they did.  For example, the hash brown burrito and this amazing loaded carne asada quesadilla.With that said, still a fairly consistent solid choice.Guys here are to busy fooling around with his friends and holding up the line but good food*sigh*, I know, I know, I raved and swooned over this gym, but after going here for a bit, I began to realize something in the weight room.Gee, these dumbbells are always disorganized!  They are either on the wrong rack, or they're on the floor.  Why are people not putting them in the right place?  At first, I thought nothing of it, and thought it was just gym-goers putting them in the wrong spaces.  Then, after looking at the racks and numbers for awhile, it finally hit me:There are more dumbbells than racks for them!  Seriously, there are more dumbbells in the weight room than there are spaces for them.  No wonder the dumbbells are always disorganized, or out of order, or on the floor.  Why and how did this happen?  Before they opened this gym, didn't they realize that since there weren't enough racks and there was a surplus of dumbbells that it would cause inconvenient disorganization?  It boggles my mind that not only wasn't this fixed before the gym opened, but in the almost one year since it has been remodeled that nothing has been done about it.And it sucks, because besides that, this is such a nice gym,  But this is such a glaring error that it can't be overlooked, and thus must be deducted two stars.  Once that gets corrected, this gym automatically becomes five stars again.  Until then, I can't give it more than three.Disappointing... Especially considering this is a "super sport." There isn't anything super about this gym. It is always a mess every time I'm there. Dumbbells are always everywhere except on the racks and weight plates litter the floor, and the staff doesn't seem to care. Overall this gym is fine, but it could be so much more. Just like most other 24's, it has a ton of potential but falls well short.The swimming pool is a big disappointment. A lap pool with 3 lanes, what were they thinking with 1000's of members?! How about less length and more width. Good luck on getting laps. Back to my son's pool and that's a bummer when I'm paying for this one. The equipment is nice, but not sure how long I will last because swimming is a large part of my workout.Has been my gym for last 8 months and a step up from some others I tried out. A couple things for the staff; would be good if they kept up w the cardio equipment. When I went yesterday half the treadmills were not working and one was filthy. Would be helpful if there were more sanitizing bottles and paper towels around.Changing room is okay and usually clean. Haven't used the pool or sauna, only the steam room which was is well maintained.There are some fellow gym goers who forget they are sharing w others and either put the weights back in the completely rack, or not @ all which can be frustrating especially when it's 270 lbs worth of weights on the leg press (this seems to be common). As much as I aspire to being able to press that much one day, being a chick w out steroids doesn't leave me w much hope in the department!This location has a good mix of equipment and is never too crowded. I usually go between 10am and 4pm and I almost never have to wait for equipment. If your workout includes stability, balance and/or range of motion exercises, there is plenty of room between stations. The crowd here definitely skews older. If your pushing a few plates you may be the biggest guy at the gym. There are lots of cables and fixed seat machines.This gym is really ideal if your a novice or prefer a less intimidating crowd. The only real drawback for me is that there is only 1 smith machine that you may have to wait for. The staff seem friendly enough although as with all 24 hour locations there is little to no emphasis on customer service in my experience. In the few years I have been coming to this gym I have only gotten the automated hello and towel offer from the front desk person. I have to say I am spoiled by Golds and even LA Fitness where their people seem to go out of their way to make you feel at home.Update: Yet another 24HR facility with a manager who seems completely aloof and out of touch. Chris the manager here has on 2 occasions  now failed to followup with me regarding my membership.I'm a lot closer to the Tropicana location, but sometimes come here when I'm in the area.Pluses:+ The aquatic area is great. Large pools/rooms that always seem to be working, unlike the small, unreliable Tropicana facilities. The steam room is always amazing. I miss this part of the gym the most.+ Everything in the weightroom was alright.+ Sara at the front desk and a gentleman who's name I didn't catch (hispanic, beard, tattoos, stocky build) are both very friendly. I hope to see them next time I go.Minuses:-  Out of the hundreds of time I've visited over the last 9+ years, the gym's currently in the least cared for state I've seen it in. Lots of dirt and dust accumulation in out of the way but quite visible areas such as corners and wall moulding.. I noticed about 10 tiny bugs of some sort running around on one of the shower walls. One of the toilet stalls was out of order (Bad news when the restroom only has 3!) The tile on one of the stairs to the 2nd floor STILL has a couple inches chipped off, just like how it was 4+ months ago!- Why have TVs playing cable in the weight room? Even if a portion of the customers want it, it sets a bad precedent. There seems to be a trend with 24 Hour Fitness where gym management usually means well, but corporate is out of touch and won't give them the required resources. If it wasn't for the front staff I would've rated it two stars. Hopefully they'll clean/fix the gym like how it used to be and I can give it a better review later on.Eh.. This is really a super sport?! Not up to par with the SS's in Colorado or Kansas City and quality is the mediocrity we expect with the regular 24s.Great aquatic area, good amount of weights and space between the machines.Zero towels in the locker room, no area for our keys and phones inside the showers - solid gym but far from outstanding.  This one has a high rating, can wait to see what the other Vegas 24s look like...The classes never start on time. It's my third attempt at a group X class, all on different days, different type classes, and different teachers. The clocks in the gym are not correct. The teachers arrive late and then go over their end time. This is not cool with me.  A busy person with a set schedule and find this to be rather annoying. The hand sanitizer is always out on the main floor. There's nothing to wipe your mats down with in the group classes. Yuck yuck yuck. Bring your own wet wipes or sanitizer!This is a really nice gym. The equipment is upstairs and really organized. The men's and women's locker rooms/ bathrooms/showers are down stairs as well as a cycle room, kids center and basketball court. They have classes everyday for various activities for all ages. There is plenty of staff walking around so any question you have can be quickly answered. My favorite thing about this gym is the fact that it's NOT crowded. We've all been the a gym were we've had to wait for a machine, not here. Everyone is really polite. To get the most out of your workout, I recommend going in the morning or mid day. Normally it's older people there at those times.I love this location! Upgraded equipment wise. Other than that nothing special the outside looks nice. But someone was shot in the parking lot after someone was breaking into cars here late at night. Which is when I typically go late at night, scary! Never seen anything myself but you never know! Keep an eye out! Gym wise they need more staff to CLEAN THE LOCKER ROOM AND DO TOWEL RUNS!What's is up with this gym? Constantly no towels are available!! I must say Theresa at the front desk is always friendly.  The AC is Not working well as it should. And it's always in the summer time. I just don't understand why it's called the Super sport!! The bathroom needs some updating. Some showers don't have sufficient water pressure, some of the sinks also have the same problem (No sufficient water pressure)!!

-Meal sizes are small.  Not a complaint, just an observation in case you're reading this and planning a dinner on a budget!

- It's a bar, so it's not exactly "family friendly", but that's ok.

- Bad view from the room.  As others have mentioned, most rooms look out onto a roof full of equipment.

A. I'm not that easy

2) on the side.  Get everything wet on the side.  Jersey Mike's runs sloppy wet for those of us who like the works.  You can ask for your oil, vinegar, sport peppers, banana peppers, and any other sauces on the side.  You will get plenty for your sub and you can smear or dip them as needed to keep your sub from being a wet mess.

Preis/Leistung:Vergleicht man die Preise einfach nur mit seinem Pizzaservice oder Lieblingsitaliener, erfreut man sich an den nur etwas höheren Preisen für schnelles, frisches Essen, eingenommen in hübschem Ambiente. Jedoch in Anbetracht der fehlenden Individualität, Selbstbedienung inkl. Anstehen und der Tatsache, dass es sich hier um Systemgastronomie im großen Stil handelt, sind die Preise doch etwas hoch. Vorallem in den hochpreisigen Segmenten für Pizza und Paste, macht meist eine exklusive Zutat (z.b. Rinderfilet oder Garnelen) den Preis von 8.75€ aus.

The regional manager stepped right up and instructed the store manager to issue me a CASH refund.The was taken care of today (Monday). I publicly THANK the people involved for correcting what I felt was unfair to me (the customer).They did listen, they made it right.Pool supply expertsLike most people in Vegas that have pools, they do from time to time have a few issues. One being a the yellow Algae that can be hard to get rid of. After doing a bit if research I found only the chemical that Destroys this algae and it's called Yellow Out and only found at this store. After testing my water and referring me to a few chemicals and methods my pool was back to clean and clear. The service is great and the staff are knowledgable.A only Con I can think of is the price, purchasing a few items online can be a hell of a lot cheaper but if you need them now, I guess you have no choice.Average prices and polite staff. A well equipped store who has had everything i have needed. Had a new pool pump installed by these guys and had excellent service there.Stopped by for Lunch the other day.  This particular location has a handful of tables and chairs inside.  When I went, there were only a few people in the joint.I ordered a Small (9") Italian Sub (Genoa Salami, Capacola, Prosciutini) w/Hot Peppers, Provolone, Mustard, Mayo, Pickles, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions.  Also had a bag of Jalapeno Chips and Bottled Water to go with the Sandwich.The food came out a few minutes later and I dove right in.  As usual, it was a sloppy meal with stuff falling out of the Sandwich.  The ingredients were fresh and tasty.  For some reason, even though it's a Small Sandwich, it's always very filling.Over the years Capriotti's has declined somewhat.  It use to blow me away, now that it's been franchised I think their ingredients have lost some quality....can't support that with fact, only my opinion after eating at various Capriotti's for over 17 yrs.Will I return?  Probably, but won't crave it like I use to.I think the staff is nicer at the other Capriotti's I've reviewed. Also this one has a long and open layout where you can smell the food going a lot more....today it was kinda smoky. Oddly, this one doesn't have a public restroom either so bring wipes if you get messy with your sammies. There's not much to say that most people already don't know. I like Thanksgiving dinner a lot and do have cravings for the Bobby and know it's pretty consistent. I'll probably be back to this location since it's the closest to mom and grandma in laws house, but I prefer the location by home much more.Cappriotti's would get five stars from me because they are super delicious however the problems with Carpiottis is that they are so friggin' slow I''m pretty sure they are like dry aging their ham for each individual order or something.  Trust though, I am not one of those reviewers who had one bad experience and suddenly wants to use yelp as my soap box to put a business on blast.  Every...time...I...order...it...takes.....f....o..r..e..v...e...r. I'm down to wait like 10 15 minutes (ala In N Out Burger) but it seems like Cappriottis takes like 1/2 an hour for a sandwich like ever time.  I would say if you really really love their food definitely call ahead, if not you will be sitting around for forever.Just OK. It used to be better.I love Capriotti's in general, and you can find what I have to say about them here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/capriottis-sandwich-shop-las-vegas#hrid:L4A9oqiJjf3XwTohxPdN4A/src:selfFor this location in particular... I wasn't too fond of it.  We happened to be in the area and stopped for a quick dinner.  The employees weren't the friendliest, there are three tables to sit at, and the store seemed like it could use a good scrub (floors especially).  Bonus points for fountain drinks and free water.I was a bit skeptical of this little sandwich shop but a local friend of mine raved about it. As far as a sandwich shop goes I'd say it's good. The one thing I really enjoyed was the cole slaw on a number of the special sandwiches. It added a lot of moistness and crunch to an otherwise standard sandwich. Pretty good for a quick bite. I recommend the Capistrami. Very tasty!Gave this place another shot. 1st time at this location. Walked in and was greeted right away. Got the grilled Italian. Was better this time. Good amount of meat. Liked it grilled. Would be better if bun was toasted too, because it got very soggy. Went there about 3 o'clock and was the only customer. There were at least a half-dozen employees there which seemed a little overstaffed for the time. Overall I'm still not impressed with Capriotti's. Idk what people are thinking when they rate this place the best for subs. More and more I'm convinced people from Las Vegas are crazy.Had the grilled Italian. Is was good, very greasy but I guess that is expected with Italian meats. My only complaint really is that it overpowered the rest of the sandwich. I did enjoy the sweet n hot peppers but that is about all I tasted. I will be back but I think next time I might stick a cold sandwich and compare. Everyone here did seem like they enjoyed there job which is nice to see. Even tho not 100% satisfied I'll be back.I'm not a huge sandwhich shop fan. I probably have subway once every 2 yrs. I went to vegas and after 2 different buffets I was pretty burnt out on basically everything you could think of eating. Then it hit me, I hadn't had a bobby in at least a decade! It was about 20minutes tiL closing time and I think that's where I went wrong. The bread they used was stale and almost hard. With the exception of the gross bread, my Bobby was decent. If Jimmy Johns offered this sandwhich I'd be all over it! I'll give capriottis another shot, but it will be closer to opening time.Friendly staff. Not the cleanest environment. Good sandwiches. Fair prices. Recommended to anyone who enjoys sandwiches.Among the few different Capriotti's locations I've eaten at, this location seems to make the best Capastrami and Cheesesteak. However, their Bobbie tastes gamey to me; tried their Bobbie 3-4 times and gave up. Ordering online has improved. My first experience ordering and paying online here, when I arrived 15 minutes later, the order had not been started yet. I've ordered online/paid online again since, and they've had my order ready upon arrival. Tip: Avoid the "Wise" Onion Rings. All crumbs. I think they're too brittle.PIZZA(s)!!!!!! and other stuff to eat.Sunday & Monday is Pizza and Wing Combo (any large + 20 wings $24.99)

The parking sucked.I think this is Vegas' go-to place for Dim-Sum. They serve dim-sum all the live long day and it's alright. But come to think of it, all of the dim-sum I've ever had in Vegas has just been ALRIGHT. If you know of a place that has 'exquisite' dim-sum in Vegas, let me know!....................Orchid's Garden is a huge building that is almost ALWAYS packed on the weekends. The rolling of the silver carts and cute little Chinese ladies yelling all sorts of things is the norm and without it, the dim-sum experience would suck. They're consistent and have about every dim-sum dish you can think of.My Sunday church.The only dimsum I kinda go to in Vegas. It gets busy on Sundays. That's when everything is made fresh. So many people coming in, therefore, they need to keep making food.I've never gotten sick form their food. But I've heard of stories. People just need to man up with their immune system.Service is aighhhttt. Expect to not understand what they're giving you. Ha. All you have to do is point and eat. Parking does get itchy with a B on weekends. Cause that's when everyone shows up.If you're hungover, this is your must stop.Fast and friendly service. The Dim Sum are very tasty. May favorite was the Fried Meatball, i was caught by surprised that the outside of it was made with mochi mmmmm! The Thai tea was also delicious.Took a friend of mine to experience dim sum for the first time and we came here because of proximity to a car dealership. I informed my friend that dim sum is a combination of Cantonese fast food except them come to your table in carts and each server tries their best to sell you what is comparable to "Tapas or appetizers." I pick the traditional dishes and guess what my friend chose? He picks out "Chicken Feet," brave soul! Anyways the food is average, the portions are smaller than East Ocean and it's a little pricey. But I've got to give it props because when I looked around my friend was the only Caucasian in the room which means many Asians really like this place. Overall it's not a bad place.This is the second time I've ever tried this restaurant. The first time was roughly around 16 years ago when I was small child. I didn't remember much except that we didn't get sick. (Insert drumroll here! )So I tried it out again with my mother today and I have to say the food was not bad. It was a typical Chinese restaurant but definitely a couple steps higher than the Chinese buffet. I had the chicken chow mein which was rather salty but pretty good. My mother had the moo goo gai pan which was decent.The service definitely was bad to say the least. I understand that we're right at the edge of Chinatown, however there was an entire staff that had a giant language barrier with me and my mother. After being in business all these years in America, you would think that the English would be getting a little bit better and better. Not so much. We sat down to eat ordered our food and then they brought it out in a to go box. Maybe they were trying to gives a hint to leave? Maybe because I had my 18-month-old son with me and they were dreading having to clean up after him? Honestly whatever the reason was they didn't get that we were there to dying in considering they set us we placed our order. They then brought our food which was lukewarm out to us to our plates to service and never refilled our water. When we get ready to pay we waited in line go to the cashier and realize that they just recently got a B rating from the health District. I wasn't that much of a happy camper.There are many other amazing Chinese restaurants as well as Chinese fusion restaurants and Thai restaurants in town but I feel more comfortable eating at. I tried this place because it's a little relieved .1 miles from my house. But I don't think I'll be going here again.Its hard to find dim sum in vegas when we tried it last weekend I find it ok. I enjoyed the chicken feet and thai tea. A little pricey for some of the food in the menu. We waited for the dim sum cart to come around and it wasn't that quick as everyone say. We will try this place again when we crave for it!Dim sum...at night! i guess thats a big plus here but dont get it twisted folks the dim sum at night is very limited.. and i think sometimes they use old food from the morning so they dont waste anything.i will say this place is reasonably priced and there is a couple things that i find very tasty here.. Chicken Feet (4/5)

Do they fahqew in the drive thru?This Taco Hell scores consistently mediocre on all counts, except that they are quite friendly.It is refreshing to pull into the drive thru, and even if there were a line of cars ahead of you, to hear the mechanical voice in the box say,"Hi, How are you?"

* Salsa was not very flavorful, mostly tomato.

- Die Tapas sind vorbereitet und ich hatte auch schon Käse mit Fettaugen bekommen, was auf eine nicht besonders korrekte Lagerung hinweist

b. Nitrogen Cold Brewed Coffee - From the tap, kind of like Guiness.I found it to be okay.

Furthermore, there had to be a least 100 people in the lobby with bags waiting to check out or into the hotel and then they were moving into the garden. It was bad enough that the walkways of the garden had a lot of people walking on them, the luggage and other bulky items people were bringing in made it even more crowded. I would go and see it again, hopefully the hotel won't be so crowded next time."I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind

-Soda Chanh (fresh lemonade with club soda) $2.95The waiter forgot the plate of veggies for my pho so I had to ask for it. The bean sprouts were fresh and clean! The bowl is a decent size and the soup came out at just the right temperature...hot enough to cook my beef even towards the end of my meal. The soup tasted a little bland though. The beef was fresh and there was was just enough to satisfy my craving. The tripe was good, but some of the pieces needed to be cut smaller.My Soda Chanh came out and was about 80% ice. If you give me that much ice, you should also give me the rest of the can of club soda like normal pho places do.This place is still new so I will come back again to give them another try.My wife and I decided to tryu Pho Thai Binh again.  After a second time around, we decided that the original rating was a bit too high.  Yesterday, I ordered the rice with fried chicken (served with a side of salad).  My wife ordered the Duck Noodle soup.  My rice was a bit too dry for my taste.  As for the chicken, there was a positive and negative.  The outside was very crispy (good); however, the inside was a hit or miss.  Parts of the chicken was tender and other parts were extremely dried and rubbery.  You could tell that it was NOT freshly made... mixture of nuke and deep fried.  I rather wait for the meal to be done right!As for the soup, I tried her duck and it was kinda tasteless.  However, the brothe was very good.In addition, I ordered the 3 bean drink.  It was a bit watered down.  but, good.Overall, I give the meal a 2.5 star rating.  Average it out with the last outing, it deserves around a low end 3 star.Personally, if I had to do Vietnamese food in Vegas, I would go to either:1. Pho Mailan (Henderson)

Customer service was really good and their portions are big. I had ordered the combo of teriyaki beef and it came with miso soup, salad, and 4 piece California roll. My boyfriend ordered the loco Moco. He really enjoyed his plate, but unfortunately my teriyaki beef was really dry and there were pieces where it tasted burnt. The dressing on the salad tasted unusual as if there was a lot of onions and off sweet taste.And the bathroom, it was disgusting in there. It looked like it wasn't clean in several days such as the floor, the entire toilet, and the sink. I doubt we will try this place again.We usually come here about twice a month. The service will forever be HORRIBLE but their food is good. For the first time ever we tried to order from their LUNCH MENU which is ANY chicken/beef/shrimp item. I don't know if ANY means something different in another language but in ENGLISH it means all options should be considered. So as me and my fiancé both go to place our order we are told that we can only choose from a specific category. Well that's FALSE advertisement. I'm sure they could careless on the quality of their service since their food makes up for it. I just think it's sad that places with good food can't find good service. It would be so much more profitable if they could provide good food and good service. Oh Roll 2, Honey Walnut Shrimp, Meat Jun, are some of our favorites here. I gave them 3 stars for the food. It's still a place worth coming back to just be ready for the lack of service they provide.Pretty good fast Asian food. Nice service. And they got brown rice , so it works for me!Love the owner, hard working man. Great variety of food but here's another Chinese restaurant that pre cooks all of their chicken so 30% of the time you order it is overcooked. The staff is great and they are very clean.Sometimes you eat at the three star restaurant and other times the three star place eats you. I like to try restaurants with a 3 star or 3 1/2 star average. It does two things, reminds me of why I eat at four and five star spots and that sometimes the masses are wrong. In this case, the masses were right.

The drinks we had here were some of the better ones we had while at TI"Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world..."  Oh, wrong movie.This wasn't a gin joint, but a coffee shop.  THE Coffee Shop.  Kudos to TI for coming up with an interesting, creative, and artistic name for their joint.  Of course, if they knew what a coffee shop was in Amsterdam, they might have re-thunk it.Having skipped dinner before going to the 9:30 Mystere show, it was bordering on 11:30 when we got out of the theater, and this Cinderella was hungry.  Not wanting to wait any longer, we learned that our choices at TI were pretty much limited to a hot dog place or the coffee shop.  With a heavy heart, we chose the latter.I wasn't expecting much, so I wasn't too disappointed, but sticker-shocked at the prices compared to our locals casinos.  And we were elated, yet wary, when we were seated and handed the regular menu along with a Pho/Cantonese one.  (Should that be faux Cantonese?  You decide).Prince Charming and I both opted for Asian.  He chose a pho, thinking it came with shredded chicken.  But when it was delivered, it was filled with pieces of chicken on the bone, which he detests.  Our server, Phyllis, explained that he had confused the chicken in the pho with the one in the noodle dish, and cheerfully offered to have it redone with shredded chicken.I ordered the noodle dish with beef.  I was expecting a nice, hot dish to stop me from shivering under the blasting a/c all over the restaurant, which was 20 degrees colder than the casino.  But what was served was cold noodles over a bed of lettuce, with room-temp beef.  Does the Board of Health know about their beef temperature?  Once again, Phyllis came to the rescue, offering to bring me a bowl of hot broth to dump my dish into.  That helped warm me up, but it wasn't until I stole the basil, bean sprouts, and lime from my husband's pho, and added a spoonful of the nam plak that came with my dish, that it had enough flavor to satisfy.The Coffee Shop served its purpose.  The service was terrific.  It isn't terrible, just the equivalent of "any port in a storm."I would've loved to have given Carrot Top 4 stars (though in no way did he earn 5...he's funny, but not THAT funny).  Carrot Top seemed a bit off tonight.  Either that's part of the schtick or this truly was the case; I laughed but my side never started hurting.Carrot Top has an opening comedic act which honestly I can't remember the name of...the act wasn't that funny (2 stars).  He set Carrot Top up well as anything Carrot Top was going to do was better than the opening act.  This was for the most part true.  Carrot Top comes out with his stand-by: props.  He quickly runs through these and you get a lot of laughs that are timely as well as many of the stuff he's done before on TV.  After about twenty minutes of this, the props stop for the most part.  He still performs a lot of physical comedy, but he does more of a stand-up routine akin to Leno or Letterman.  Still funny, but the props were funnier.As a member of HouseSeatsLV, we got these tickets.  The show was for the most part full but it was hard to say who got tickets and who truly wanted to be there...not everyone was laughing.  This, along with Carrot Top noticing, made the show funnier.  Even when Carrot Top wasn't hitting the jokes, you were still having a good time.  It started to wane towards the end, but everything up to that point made up for it (somewhat).This show is show in the Atrium Showroom (same theater for Ronn Lucas, Fantasy and Three Redneck Tenors), which is a steep ampitheater that gives even the worst seat a decent view of the show.  We were in the 3rd row from the top and could still see quite well.  Ticket pricing ranges from 45-75 with taxes and fees, these seats being the cheapest price.If you can score a discount thru Tickets4Tonite or get free tickets (comped or through a locals service), check this show out.  If you like physical comedy (like Gallagher), check this out.  If you like Carrot Top, check it out.   If you don't like any of this, it's pretty simple: Don't see Carrot Top.I caught Carrot Top last year when I got tickets from a client.  Not necessarily my pick, but I remembered seeing him on TV and thought it could be a good time.I absolutely agree with Jason L about the vibe.  If the audience is into it, Carrot Top totally feeds off of it and brings the level of the show up a notch.  My audience wasn't quite sure what to make of him at the beginning, and it was like he was pulling teeth to get a laugh out of the crowd.  But once people started loosening up a little, the laughs started to flow and he really got into it.I'll admit that I didn't have too many belly laughs during the show.  Perhaps not quite my style of humor.  But I definitely did a lot of chuckling and grinning.  CT still has a lot of great prop humor and his look and energy are half the fun of the show.RECOMMENDATION:  Grab a few drinks at the bar before the show to loosen up.  The potty humor and crass jokes only get funnier that way!A show you can count on for some great laughs.  Carrot Top has tons of funny props and sound effects.  I would recommend it.I think the major factor that determines if you will enjoy his show or not is the demographic you belong in.  From looking around and seeing the reaction of individuals in the crowd, it was clear that his target audience is middle aged white people.  Most of them were laughing their asses off and of course he had this country and rock and roll music bit at the end.  There were also some offensive jokes towards minorities but he makes fun of white people and himself the most, so I guess it evens out.  But kudos to the Luxor ticketing office.  I reserved seats two weeks in advance and I got seats in the middle of the second row, which is perfect because everything is eye level.  I even got a 50% military discount.  So for $33, this is the absolute best deal in Vegas.  The show is not horrible, I had a couple laughs, but a lot of the props he showed were old and the same ones he uses whenever he goes on the Tonight Show.  He did have a "new" box, which had some good props but the props weren't enough.  On TV he's just non-stop, prop after prop, but he actually did some stand up at this show, which resulted in a lot of dead spots, and him apologizing multiple times for the bad material whenever the audience went dead.  Really, just an A-ok show.  I enjoyed it but it wasn't great.  But Tim Duncan from the Spurs was in the audience and I had better seats than him, so I'm not going to complain.Bought our tickets at half price vegas tickets for $40. Not sure if it was really a deal. Such great reviews, I wanted to see Carrot Top. We checked in late, at 7pm to pick up our tickets so we got bad seats,  the last row all the way to the left. However, when we got there, I was happy to see that  the stadium was small so our seats were fine. Easy to leave also if you wanted to use restroom from our seats. Anyways, I really wanted to love him but I just was not into his humor. He was funny but not hilarious. Most of his show involved music, props, and acting. Maybe my expectations were too high.Carrot Top is a funny show. It is a prop comedy show and is usually funny. I have seen it a couple times and it is always different, but fun none the less.   The price is reasonable for the tickets. It is great for a cheap date night.  I do have to say the humor probably isn't for everyone, but that can be said of any comedy show. The last time I saw this show, it was especially crazy since there was a drunk lady in the audience that actually ran up on stage and almost jumped on Carrot Top. Security had to come in and drag her off. Then her husband got involved and there was pretty much a huge brawl on stage. Poor Carrot Top, who was about 200lbs lighter than the drunk couple, turned it into part of the act and made it a pretty funny thing for the rest of the audience, probably not the couple that were forcefully removed though.  I know it isn't part of the show and wasn't stage because I asked a friend of mine who works at the box office. It was extra crazy and now my group has a fun storyMy wife and I are 40ish and enjoyed the show but didn't love it. I would say about 3.5 star show.  Opening act was NOT funny the night we went.  Carrot Top was funny but felt canned and repetitive. The props were funny to a point but, again, that's part of the canned feeling. I prefer a fresh/off the cuff feeling if that makes sense. The theater is small but nice.  I find the Luxor to feel very out of date/dirty/cheap/etc... so I didn't enjoy being there. However, it's not a long wait. The concierge at the Mandarin Oriental recommended the show to us as the best comedy show. I will try something different next time.There are props. This is crude and silly prop-comedy. Know this beforehand and maybe you can enjoy yourself. I like most of the show. I think we would all be better off admitting that we like Carrot Top. I maintain an untested hypothesis: 9/11 would not have occurred if the terrorists had attended Carrot Top when they visited Las Vegas. A lot of his jokes are silly. But that is okay: this ain't Joe Rogan -- up on stage -- high out of his fucking mind, expounding on the multiverse. It is Carrot Top and there are props and dick jokes.Gallagher (performing nightly at The Laugh Factory inside Tropicana: http://www.yelp.com/biz/gallagher-las-vegas) says that Carrot Top stole his act. Perhaps. (Most people remember Gallagher for smashing fruit, not specifically props.) But, is there not room in Vegas for two headlining prop-comedy performers? I don't know. Go to both shows (and possess the cojones to admit it!). My name is Edwin and I like Carrot Top. - ECarrot Top is a fricken nice guy! I was in the front row. He picks on the crowd a little but is really nice about it. We got free shots! I thought CT was funny. I'm not much of a props guy though and he uses a lot of props. Good show for the price. I was hoping it would be funnier, but again, I'm not much of a props comedy person.Still on the search for good dim sum in Vegas - we found a place that offers the stuff on the cheap without the big name, space, or the carts.Sure, I definitely would prefer dim sum sold the traditional way - ladies pushing their steaming carts while hollering out their wares.  Unfortunately, places like that are far and few between, and nearly impossible if you don't have the space or business.The folks, the Husband, and I headed to Kan's Kitchen to check out their cheap eats menu of $1.80 for most of their items on the dim sum list. With a handful of customers on a weekday, they asked if we were there for dim sum.  They then provided us with their dim sum menu and their secret menu of things listed only in Chinese.  (Now, many small mom and pop restaurants have this secret menu - sometimes they are posted on the wall and other times they are printed out.  They are only a 'secret' if you can't read Chinese, which is the case with me.  However, my dad can read it just fine and my mom has no shame in asking the wait staff to translate the menu for her...except that sometimes they can only translate it back in Chinese since they don't really know the English translation.  At that point, you need to understand Chinese or you're SOL.)Anyhow, getting back to the dim sum, we marked off what we wanted and sent it to the kitchen.  My mom immediately requested that they bring the food at a slower pace and not all at once.  All at once is good if you have a large party, not so good with a party of four.  You want the food to still be hot, otherwise you're stuck with dim sum that cools down as we rush to eat them.These were among the things we ordered:* Shrimp Har Gow ($1.80)

- Room was modern

Because of that great experience, I looked forward to seeing what else Cycle would do and kept an eye on the calendar.

   Nice Ambiance

Wedge salad $10

They came right around 5:45 on schedule. I'm glad they didn't let us down yesterday. We did not have high hopes for it.Hopefully they pull themselves together and become reliable with ordering delivery.When you order online you can review your experience. I usually have a good experience & i like to review that. The last time my stuffed cheesy bread was disgusting, smaller than normal & not cooked all the way. I reviewed & never heard back. A good company usually responds to apologize. That was the 1st time ive been dissatisfied so i ordered again today. The stuffed cheesy bread again was not good. The cheese was clumpy, not melted, & just plain goop. I always order the stuffed cheesy bread & know how its supposed to look & taste. I will no longer be ordering from this location. After reading the reviews, i hope this location gets it together. They do usually deliver in a timely manner. Today was slower than normal though which is a little weird for a Monday at 11am. I guess i need read reviews more often for regular ol food chains cause some locaions apparently can't cook food the same as otger locations.Does Vegas need another steakhouse?In a word.....

It hit the spot but it was not my favorite.I still hit up u swirl every now and then.  I agree that it is a little overpriced for frozen yogurt.  I usually only get the yogurt though since the fruit toppings don't look too appealing.Came here because I really wanted frozen yogurt. It's located in Green Valley Ranch Casino next to the Rainforest Cafè. There isn't much variety of flavors when you go. They have basic flavors like vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry. The guy working was nice, but he was playing on his phone when I was there. He was very chit-chatty but I didn't mind. Overall, I probably wouldn't come back if I came to GVR.Located in the GVR Resort and Casino, this frozen yogurt place will satisfy your sweet tooth.  There isn't a huge variety of flavors but you and swirl two of them together... hence the name U Swirl.  They have nice signage beneath each flavor which lists the nutrition information.   That was great to see.   Toppings were the same that you would find at most yogurt places.   There weren't a lot of fresh fruit options but plenty of sugar options!   The gentlemen working here was very nice.  He greeted us when we walked in and very friendly checking us out.   U Swirl is a pay by weight.  It wasn't the cheapest of frozen yogurt  but then again I wasn't sure how much the hubby had in his cup.  So if I happened to be there and wanted a frozen treat, I wouldn't hesitate to stop in but I wouldn't go out of my way to have it.So I'm a sucker for a cheap haircut which is definitely one thing this place has going for it. Also my stylist (Brandy- sorry if that's misspelled) was really nice!Now for the cons... My hair was CLEARLY uneven which I had to ask her to fix twice after she thought she was done. Also my hair requires a bit of kind of tricky thinning so it doesn't poof out with a short cut and this needed to be corrected as well.  I opted to not have my hair washed or any product put in but after needing to have several adjustment to the cut while it was wet I wanted to make sure it looked ok once it was dried. She did dry it but then charged me for a full wash and blowdry/styling. Granted the cut was still cheaper than most other places but I was kind of disappointed with how much I had to intervene and then felt like I was a bit overcharged.All that said I am really happy with how my hair turned out and would probably go back just keeping in mind that I need to pay attention and speak up if something looks off!Dropped by at lunch starving. Good pizza -- loved the thicker crust. A slice and soda cost only $4. Incredibly cheap. What a deal!Two people, two small pizzas & two beers.  And here I thought we were an "easy" table...My pizza was brought to our table after a short, but reasonable wait.  My dining pal's?  NEVER CAME.  After waiting 15 minutes longer (and my pizza getting pathetically cold), he went to the counter and asked here the grub was.  Unapologetically, we were told the "ticket got lost" and that a new one would be out in 5 minutes.  For it to be "lost", it sure is curious how the cashier knew exactly what he had ordered.Ugh... so finally the second pizza came out, again without any apologies or concessions.  By this time, my pizza was straight-up cold.  Boo.If your order doesn't fall into the abyss, you can expect delicious, heavily-topped (like I like it) pizza in a very clean, but familiy-friendly setting.  They serve beer and wine by the bottle and individual-serving wine bottle, respectively.I haven't tried them out for lunch, but the deals are smokin' - I think less than $3 for a slice + a soda.Based upon 4-star rating, decided to give this place a shot for my pizza & wings craving. Unfortunately, both items were average at best. I ordered pizza with original crust and pepperoni. The pizza was very greasy - almost soggy - as evidenced by the  grease-soaked box. The pizza also tasted like they sprinkled a dusting of some kind of salt/spice over it at the end. It had a sandy texture all over it and tasted extra salty. I honestly would have to rate DiGiorno's from the freezer section better than this pizza. All the nice reviews surprise me. Maybe I am spoiled being from East Coast. I ordered the 12-pc wings with hot sauce as well. Again, average. I give kudos to them for actually having real wings and not those mini wing dings you sometimes find. But the sauce was so basic - tasted like typical butter and hot sauce mixture with poor butter-hot sauce ratio. Alas, my search for decent pizza in Scottsdale continues.I'd give 1-2 less star but the truth is I like eating here.I say 1 less for sure because the last couple of times I ate there I had spaghetti and the meatball was OLD and gross (NOT COOL)!!!

LEMON UNI: This is perhaps my new favorite way to eat uni! Generous portion, good price, served several pieces on a halved lemon. Squeeze for more juices and flavor. Would get again!

We didn't get to try their sandwiches cuz we had late buffet lunch before coming here, but this is a chain eatery so I'm pretty sure their food tastes the same as the ones in CA. I honestly like their baguette.. they use rice flour so it's more crispy than the French one x)

But next time I stay at SLS hotel, I will definately come again to try others as well!Rating 3.5 stars

- good selection of wines

Fortunately the service is fast and the sushi is good. I had the moon roll which tasted great with the scallops and the eel sauce.Their miles roll was kind of ordinary but the salmon was fresh as well as the cucumber.

-Wings.  They have always been good, and are still excellent.  Great special (49 cents per wing) on Sundays during football. -Smoking area.  Although I quit years ago, this place has an awesome patio/bar area for smokers.  Climate controlled (misters and heat lamps) for summer/winter and new TVs, which are great for watching sports.The bad:

- Room walls are a little thin. We could hear our neighbors walking around the 2nd nite; the 1st nite was fine.- Inconsistent food.the 1st morning, breakfast was great; we had the hot scottish breakfast which came with eggs of your choice...i had fluffy scrambled eggs which were delish and 2 sausages, yummy bacon etc.The next morning, completely diff. They gave me 1 sausage, the scrambled eggs were horrendous- like airplane eggs. I had to send it back and get a poached egg. My friend had requested an over easy egg and it wasn't...it was pretty much hard-boiled. It was odd to get such an inconsistent b'fast the very next day after a really yummy one the day before. Overall, i liked the B&B even though it was a little further away from the main strip...would recommend for a quiet getaway. Good luck with the chef/ b'fastWe had crab dip in a bread bowl, a shrimp po-boy sandwich, and seafood alfredo pasta.  Portions were a good size, and the service was friendly.  Being from San Diego, we appreciated their Chargers spirit.  Glad they participate in Restaurant.com.  Would go again.Later at night the food service at this place sucks.With that said, if you're there for the typical reasons, it is good. There is that bar on the roof that is usually packed beyond belief, sometimes it seems like the quickest way off is jumping. The bar inside is great, though. Just do not sit at the booths behind the bar to order food.Was a four star till they let go oneof my favorite waitress'. Blonde hayden panetaire girl. Overall good food, excellent service, always stop by when I'm in the area.The bartender recommended a Caesar Salad with Ahi Tuna - it was excellent - plus a great portion and very reasonable price.There was no non-smoking section, just so you know.We may be able to upgrade them to 4 stars, but we will need another visit to make sure.While I haven't ventured into the food here, there are several events that are thrown here from the university. The structure is absolutely amazing for large groups looking to throw a get-together for drinks, dancing, and DJing. The Half Shell is two stories; the first floor with the bar and large "dance floor" at the entrance around the back, and there is a separate room where there are tables, pool tables, and video games for recreation. The second floor is mainly a balcony with tables, a bar, TVs, and a nice fire pit where you can keep cozy and share conversations. For the three times I've been here, I've always had a great time and the venue seems to cater to us perfectly. There are also some killer specials on mixed drinks in the downstairs bar.Oh Half Shell...I want to love you. I want us to have a meaningful and rewarding relationship. After many visits at all times of day, I'm still on the fence about certain aspects of Half Shell. But I gave it a 3 because some parts of the Half Shell experience are worth mentioning.The outdoor seating is where Half Shell really stands out. A great view and when the temperature is right it really sets the mood for a nice night out. A big screen outside adds to the atmosphere. There are tables, bar seating and couches for your gluteus maximus' enjoyment. Keep in mind when drinking you'll have to truck it down 2 flights of stairs for the bathroom...must make for some epic falls. The food is excellent, very approachable seafood dishes as well as classic bar food. They usually have pretty tasting sounding specials too, one of which was tilapia on a night I was there...SO good. The prices are a bit higher than say a PT's but then again the food is higher quality so I can live with that. The part of Half Shell I take issue with are the drink prices. Here is an area where I don't think the owners have taken into account they are surrounded by establishments with happy hours, pitcher specials, and just overall cheaper beer. Sure they have speciality cocktails, most of which they didn't have the ingredients for on one of our visits, so careful what you get your hopes set on. I guess we could just come for happy hour to land the deals but it's not cool to rip off customers all other hours of the day. The drink prices drive the bill up so much it's definitely a deterrent. Forget sitting there and drinking all night...made that mistake once and paid for it, literally not figuratively. Overall, great food, great atmosphere but not a spot for cheap beers late into the night. I'm sure we'll be back...but will probably switch establishments after we eat.I've been going to half shell for a few years now. The food has always been great and I would have rated it 5 stars for the past few years. It used to be really great all around........ but the last 4 times we have gone the service has just been terrible. We keep getting the same brunette server upstairs. She has comped us drinks every time because we've had to repeatedly remind her for our drink order. The blonde server upstairs saved us from walking out last time...... she came over to check on us after seeing us with empty hands and probably a frustrated look on our faces. I wish they would either train the brunette or get some real help. I suppose I'll give it another try in a month or so, but if the service is that bad again, I don't think we'll ever go back.The nachos are amazing! After Nacho Daddy I thought it was impossible to blend chips and cheese into one dish. We like sitting in the sports bar so we can watch a game and have a few drinks. The service is better in here then in the arcade... And there are no kids running around. We have had a good time every time we have come here.The operative word would be "adequate". the $3. 99 basic car wash is pretty much as advertised suitable for rinsing off a light layer of dust if not much more. Bird bombs remained intact, but at 5.99 and up however,  you get a pretty decent automated wash, rinse and blow dry, and no extra charge access to the self-service vacuums  at whatever price.  There's better and there's worse but by and large Clean and Fast Car Wash lives up to its name.You get what you pay for. $2.99 car wash and free vacuums. Can't complain. Just needed to give my car a rinse and some clean out dirt and other random things from my SUV. The car wash served it's purpose and the vacuums worked enough to get the job done. No big complaints since I didn't have to talk to anyone of do anything major. I did notice that not very many employees walking around to see if you're doing fine. Maybe just ask. Overall great bang for your buck.I focused on the cupcakes for this visit. Enjoyed a lemon vanilla, turning down chocolate chocolate, blueberry vanilla, strawberry chocolate...just to name a few delicious looking other choices. They are a cafe as well as cupcakery and nearly every table was filled with diners at 12:45 for lunch.The generous waiting are allowed me to sit and eat my selection there.Note: they close at 2pm.Heard the buzz on Isthmuth and decided to give it a try.I appreciated the fresh, home-baked taste of the cup cake. What I really loved about it was the fresh whipped cream on the top of the cake instead of a gunk of butter cream frosting. The whipped cream definitely made the cupcake airly and created divine feeling in my mouth. Mmmm.I wished that there was tad bit more of blueberry flavor in the chocolate-blueberry one that I tried. The other flavors also sounded heavenly, too.

To mention the burger as well. Ordered the jalapeño poppers and surprise surprise

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UcgCSTCtPv1GeW5bKsEdag?select=OvID1zfcEgO1ZvMXtMhyggThe Juicy Lucy is two Burger patties cooked together with the Cheese in the middle between the patties.  I've seen Burgers like this on the Food Network and was anxious to give this a try.After a few minutes our food was ready and I bit into the Juicy Lucy.....the Cheese oozed out of the center of the Burger.....you have to be really careful because it's HOT!

THE GOOD :- The warm pita bread was amazing! So fresh and soft... it puffs up into a delicious empty pita bread balls that you just have a great time tearing apart and making good use of with your plates of food. We received multiple servings of it and it was highly appreciated by the entire table.- Thibault was our waiter was on point and very helpful the entire dining experience. Left a strong impression and he seemed very passionate about his job. Exceptional service, very professional without going out of his way to be charismatic.THE BAD (or just average?!)- The mojito we had was either watered down or lacked flavor, our entire table ordered it and we all collectively felt the same. It was alright but expensive cocktails need to be better than this.- The hummus was very good but what happened to the portion size? It barely was enough to be a small tasting for 3 people! Kindly provide 2 options with the smaller one being cheaper and the larger one being slightly more than the $10 price-tag you're asking.- The meat grill plate was beautifully presented. Since no one at my table likes lamb other than myself, I ate both of them. One of them was exceptionally tender and flavorful and the other was quite fatty. I was perplexed how his happened. The shish-taouk and filet mignon was perfectly done! The garlic dip! Despite being FAR too small... was exceptional! The meat grill plate came with side fries, they were good as well. However, I definitely didn't think this plate merited the $90 price-tag.- The fattoush plate was a spin to my favorite salad that I really enjoy when done right. In Damas' version, there were pomegranate in it with a different dressing.... it was still very good but I ended up craving the authentic version when I left the establishment.- The sesame falafel plate came with only 3 small falafel balls with a tiny side of tahini sauce and homemade pickle. It was good but I've had far better falafel.

4 - offering dessert seemed a complete afterthought. Will I recommend this place to anyone else? Conditionally. I'll make sure to tell them that the food was very good, but not to go if they want attentive service, are on any kind of time constraint, expect refills on their drinks, or are at all shy about getting a server's attention.The food here was amazing, unfortunately only three stars as a result it is due to horrible/rude service my date and I had last Sunday by a waiter named SCOTT.I had the spicy shrimp and my date had the chicken parm.  We had salads to start... Scott came by to take our plates and I was not completely finished with my salad.  He informed us our entrees were ready to be served.  Interesting so this salad must be taken?  I thought.  As he was so hastily ready to whisk away our salads, I realized he had taken away my knife with.  I asked, "excuse me when you have a chance, may I please get a fresh knife?"  He proceeded to bring back my half eaten salad and placed the plate in front of my face as if to say here, you can have this one.  As we were nearly half way through our main dishes he had asked if either of us would want desert?  Now both my date and I are staring at each other and thinking, ok are we wasting this guys time or what?  We felt so rushed, so hurried to get out of there and just treated rudely.  My date, being the kind man he is said, you know what place a desert menu down and we will take a look at it when we are DONE with our entrees.  Entree dishes are taken, and do not get me wrong the food was delicious!  We are still finishing our wine and enjoying conversation... Scott had to have been back and forth at least 3 different times asking if we had made a decision.  At this point it is almost frustrating we just placed an order so this fellow would 1) leave us alone and 2) stop us feel as though we were wasting his time. If you go here, I strongly encourage not sitting in Scott's section.  Great food but HORRIBLE service.I am not going to complain about the food... I have been coming here off and on for 20 something years...  I am VERY disappointed about my service last night... My friend  (who just had major knee surgery and one of her first outings in 48 days) and I arrived at 4:30-4:45... yes we did not have reservations,.. my bad.. we wanted to have a drink in the bar before dinner... the bar was packed and we saw no handicap access so the not so polite hostess sat us at a table..I asked for a table up front so my friend did not have far to go on her walker.. but was told no those were for reservations. She sat us in the back.. we each ordered a drink and just relaxing..after about 15 min we started to feel a little presured to order our meal.. the waiter then came over and told us he "got yelled at" for not taking our order.. most likley by that little bitch at the front desk.. we ordered our meal and a bottle of wine.. we finished our meal but still had wine.. again we began to feel pressured to leave.. the bar was not an option due to my friend's disability..

Loooong wait for to-go orders, 30+ mins with not busy restaurant! Order pick up ahead!Solid place for Vietnamese food. I've gotten the vermicelli and rice dishes and would come again for those dishes. The outside of the restaurant does not scream Vietnamese, instead it screams diner. Like really, the outside looks like what you would imagine a diner to look like. Kind of cool and funky.My gripe about Lemongrass Cafe is the service. It's been pretty iffy all the times that I've come here and that's for both dine in AND take out. For dining in, it took way too long for someone to come up to us, greet and seat us then even longer to get water and have our orders taken. For take out, I had called in my order and came a little later than what the host had told me it would take. And then waited another 10 minutes on top of that.. AND the restaurant was not busy at all. Questionable service but the food is good enough that I will keep coming back for now!Good customer service but I was a little disappointed because one of our dish came out mostly burnt that's the grilled pork chop. They didn't give us enough silverware we had to keep asking. Otherwise not badJust came here for the first time; keep in mind I've tried plenty of pho places. This place was quiet nice. Very interesting 50's look. The pho  was pretty good as well. The best part is that The service was great. Nice servers. Overall, pretty nice pho place.My rating is based on the seating is not comfortable for a large person. There were no wheelchair booths.  There were no tables accommodating large family dining .  However the food was excellent, food took time getting to us but once we got it, it was very delicious.  Atmosphere of the place is a 50's diner which has nothing to do with asian cuisine.The menu was out dated with wrong pricing on food.  The restaurant appeared to be clean. I would recommend this place for food quality.Yes, it really is a 50's style diner that serves pho.I'm not a professional on Vietnamese food (aka Vietnamese) so I'm not sure how pho/Vermicelli noodles are actually supposed to taste. When my Vietnamese friends want pho, they come here. When I want pho or Vermicelli noodles, I go to the place down the street on Eastern. Lemongrass isn't my favorite. The Vermicelli noodles taste weird here... Plus there are so many leaves in it I feel like I'm eating a salad.Other than that, great service!The food was good. But the service from the young boy was shitty and I kinda don't want to go back because of his attitudeGot nervous at first; the smell inside made me queasy (I wasnt sure if it was poop, raw beef, or cleaner. It was a mix of all three)  server seemed frustrated, we had limes in our water when we asked for lemons, and I got iced jasmine tea when I asked for hot. It wasn't a big deal when we got our food. Reasonable pricing and food was good. Family and I got #53 (seafood pho), spring rolls, a beef and broccoli plate, and an egg banh mi. The banh mi is small, barely a foot. I was imagining the baguette would be longer. However, the other food had a satisfying portions. I could come back if it was a last resort. Id probably go back to Pho Saigon instead, which is right across the street.I had lunch here on a weekday with some coworkers. I had no idea this place existed and it was in a shopping center that I frequent. The building is unassuming in an old diner's location.I started with iced tea. It was very sweet and I liked it once I got past it not being the typical tea. For my lunch I chose the chicken noodle bowl which reminded me of a deconstructed Pho. Everything in the bowl was very tasty and very fresh. It came with a carrot sauce on the side for dipping. All other sauces were served on the side to add as you please as well. I liked being able to choose my own flavors.Pricing was very reasonable. The waitress that served us was very sweet and took good care of us during our visit.My favorite Vietnamese restaurant on my side of town! At some point this place changed business owners and there were some inconsistencies such as a noticeable change in their pho broth, hence the lower rating. - Spring Rolls: Love their version! They add a crunchy element in the middle and it is yummy! Add sriracha to the peanut sauce for an extra kick.- Pho: I used to really like their pho broth.  It is not as flavorful anymore.  The pho tai (rare beef), seafood, and vegetarian pho are all good. - Vermicelli bowls:  Flavor bomb and great noodles. Their noodles are thin and soft, while other places have hard, thicker noodles.  My go to is the charbroiled pork with egg rolls.  I highly recommend the beef lemongrass vermicelli bowl if you're not afraid of flavor!  The sweet, vinegar, fish sauce that comes with the bowls is yummy...pour it all in the bowl and mix everything up. I love the freshness of the veggies and all the different textures going on.- Beef crispy egg noodles: I really like this dish, but they are a bit stingy with the "gravy."  I like the center to be slightly softened by the brown sauce, with outer edges still crunchy.  They tend to serve this dish with not enough sauce, with a center that is still very crunchy.Service isn't the best, but food usually comes out in a timely manner.  Pay for your meal at the counter after you're done eating.The food was decent, but have to agree with previous reviews.

Salted Caramel Cupcake

They have a gentleman on their staff who is very surly.  He's the one who usually answers the phones. When I met him, he was even grouchier in person.  All he cares about he if you're going to pay right now.  He even asked me when I was going to pay....after I JUST paid. Very negative experience in my three or four interactions with  him.  I don't know why this practice employs someone like this, after having gone through the trouble of making sure everything else is good...unless he's the bad cop to their good cop.Wait time very bad but the procedure was very fast.I have been bringing my kids here for years now. I would say half of the staff is excellent and half is extremely unprofessional.  The rooms do not have doors and I have heard some staff gossiping about kids (I.e. "That kid is a big baby") and loudly talking about the past weekend with their boyfriend (I.e. "Needing to buy a new bed now").

-H2O

If you like to dance I give it a A  The club has a lower level and an upper level. The lower level had a big

- They give you complementary fries.

-We bought those expensive health watches and they were defective. Getting them replaced was impossible and took forever.-When we repeatedly tried to reach out to the GM about the watch and the foster children fees, he was completely unresponsive and he seemed untouchable. The customer service from the management level was non-existent.For the record, we've been members here for several years and we are canceling our membership this month. Not because it isn't absolutely fabulous. We just don't go enough to warrant the financial commitment. If you can afford Lifetime and you would use the facility regularly, I recommend checking out Lifetime Fitness.Major issues with repairs being done!  Steam rooms, jacuzzi, pool issues, dressing room doors....come on.  It takes forever.  They need to change management.  You have a facility that is open to paying members and you are not taking care of minor problems.I really recommend the gym if you want to invest in the atmosphere, your surroundings. I have been going to commercial gyms (LVAC/24hr) and its come to the point where I am restricted to what times I can go because its a jungle ! Always so packed. Adding, I personally have the struggle that I like to go to do what gyms are for: working out. At commercials, I get so many people that are occupying space, they just go chill at the machine I need to be using. I end up internally pissed & it kills my pump. Lol. -- Reasons I love Lifetime is none of that over here + the amenities, I can shower over here & stuff. At lvac , oh god no. Only down to Lifetime is how many kids there is. Drives me loca. Also, its very upsetting to know they dont have enough free weights nor machines like LVAC. Thats the one thing that is making me doubt Lifetime.I've been coming here for a month and a half now and there's three levels of the gym. I have not participated in any of the numerous classes or activities my membership provides. I come here really early and I hate having to ring a bell and wait for someone to let me in, there have been times I have waited up to 10 minutes.There are tons of cardio machines to select from and a bunch of different styles, they have set aside quite a bit of space for free style workouts (crossfit). The free-weights and resistance machine section is lacking in my opinion. It is small and the machines are somewhat out dated. Forget trying to workout with weights during normal business hours. I mean it can obviously be done but I tend to be too nice to go up to someone mid workout and ask them how many more reps they have etc. Which by the way has happened to me 4 times at 4 am in the morning? With just 6 people in the weights area.. goes to show there's really not that many machines etc to chose from depending on what muscle group you're working.  The gym seems to be well maintained and I'm looking forward to trying the pool. The indoor pool has lifeguards 24/7. That's part of the reason I haven't tried to the pool, it's un-nerving to have someone watch me as I swim, solo... considering I was a safety swimmer in the Marines in the good old days.

-Right under the hotel is a small mall with some stores and a food court, pretty convenient for basic shopping and a quick bite to eat. Also connected to the Underground City so those harsh cold walks can be avoided during the frigid Montreal wintersCons:

7. Far from the monorail

-Fries. Go for the fries. Always choose the fries option. They put some sort of powdered ranch or something on their fries. I don't even want to eat all of them but I look up and blink a few times and they're always gone. I've gone to OTB on a nearly full stomach just because I passed by and had no self control and needed the fries. Oh man, the fries.I wasn't too impressed with the tacos or the wraps, but that doesn't mean they weren't good. They came with fries, after all.The wait staff is friendly and comfortably alternative; the cooks are punctual and happy to present you with good food; the beer list is smaller given the location, but every beer's a winner in my book.The fried pickles were juicy but too much breading. Don't order a Bloody Mary because they don't know how to make one. Mine was in a rocks glass and severely over seasoned to where it tasted like lead. Burger was average and fries were okay. I would give it another shot to try something different off the menuAnother episode of "If it's not broken, don't fix it."The pug and I stopped by for lunch last week and noticed a smaller, scaled down regular menu and a grandiose menu for body building. WHAT?! They've partnered up with a Cross Fix or fitness place to offer double chicken breast sandwiches, and other items loaded with protein. My guess is that they are trying to appeal to the LA fitness clientele as well. Either way, they took the Veggie Velomuse off of the menu, which was my favorite. They do have plenty of Veg options, which deserves bonus points, but that sandwich was 'the bees knees.[Warning: St. Pete, Fl visitor here for a short trip]ARTSY BURGERS IN AN ARTSY PLACE = $6 craft Burgers on Monday! Along the growing Carson Street area, we were happy taking a break here and dining at the tables outside for a little people-watching... which unfortunately also invited a few solicitors to interrupt our dining experience.DECENT TASTING BURGERS= I liked the various patty options such as Grilled Chicken, Veggie, and Turkey besides the typical Beef. Fiance took The Thick (BBQ Sauce, Cheddar, Bacon, and Onion Rings) and was happy with the harmony of all the ingredients. My 'Heaven on Earth' (Buffalo Mozzarella, Roasted Red Pepper, Sriracha, and Tomato) seemed to be missing... something. Perhaps it's because the Turkey patty was flavorless. The accompanying Fries were just okay. I GUESS I GET THE BIKE THEME = Mind you--I'm a road cyclist. I only somewhat enjoyed the theme (all Burgers have cycling names and all décor inside matches the theme) But it seemed only that way superficially. Other than that, this felt like a typical, theme-stocked sports bar with the same kind of middle-agers looking to get out.GLUTEN-FREE / ALLERGIC PYRA SAYS = No gluten free Buns here so their gluten-free option is place your Patty on a bed of "greens." My patty and toppings actually seemed pitifully small against the freakin' huge amount of greens bed it was placed on.OTB is always bustling with local foot traffic and bike enthusiasts. My husband and I decided to stop by for dinner and sample what they had to offer. We ordered two East End nitro stouts and started with the fried pickles for an appetizer. Our server asked if we wanted ranch or peanut butter for a dipping sauce.  What? Peanut butter? Disclaimer : Please, don't let this deter you. This peanut butter is the most divine nut butter that I have ever tasted. It is made by Wholey's in the Strip District and they get a fresh batch every day. I don't know if pickles are my favorite vehicle for this legume sauce revelation, but it wasn't bad! They also offer a couple of other menu items that feature the Wholey's peanut butter including a burger.Tonight I ordered the tandem, a grilled cheese and tomato soup. The grilled cheese left much to be desired. It was very bland and the soup was thick and reminded me more of marinara sauce. However,  I don't believe this is a reflection of everything offered on the menu and I look forward to trying something different next time. My husband ordered a burger with a jalapeño cream cheese sauce and he really enjoyed it. The French fries were tops, perfectly crispy and well seasoned.Our server was exceptional and the atmosphere is lively. I look forward to another dining experience.If you like bicycles, it's worth it to go! The burger with peanut butter was pretty good! A waiter was nice!Good food, cool atmosphere. Glad to see they did something cool with the boathouse in North Park! Got the cod sandwich and it was delicious and at an affordable price. This is a pretty cool stop if you're around the park and are looking for a place for a bite.At first, I was hoping I would be able to give this location a more positive review. However, upon my return home I was significantly disappointed.The location of this Ed Hardy store is within the Fashion Show Mall only a couple stores from it's entrance from Las Vegas Blvd. The layout is pretty standard for most "boutique" style shops. One side women's and the other side was men's. Up the gut are some tables displaying both Ed Hardy and Christian Audigier apparel laid out with lights reflecting off the gold-foiling on each garment.The staff seemed upbeat and ready to serve. Upon arrival, the cashier was busy with an upset customer who found out she couldn't use her credit card at the store and got whiny about. From what I caught of the conversation, the cashier was very courteous and explained both the situation and the best resolution. The floor support seemed helpful, but here's where things get disappointing..There were a pair of shoes that I was ready to buy and I had tried on the right shoe of the pair. Everything was good, including the price.. However, one of the shoes (the left) was missing. After a feeble attempt of trying to find the missing shoe, I was offered an ultimatum. Go home without the pair and the nice girl was going to contact me when it's available and have it shipped at no additional cost.At that point, I was happy with the option since I lived about 1200 miles away and in another country (Canada) and she made it clear that I wouldn't have to pay an extra dime. In fact, I was bragging about how awesome that was of the girl and of the store for giving me that as a choice.A week has now passed and I haven't received a call. I took it upon myself to call today to inquire about the pair of shoes and I was able to get in touch with the girl who had helped me out. Unfortunately, she has had no luck finding the shoe's mate, but did offer to extend the offer of free shipping for something else that they would have in-stock.Ultimately, I am disappointed that the girl did not follow-up with me to let me know about the situation. I appreciate her attempt to help, but it comes up short due to the lack of follow-up. I don't know what or if she has done anything to find that missing mate, but if the lack of communication is any reflection of it.. Tsk Tsk.Would this stop me from ever shopping here again? Nope, but I will not be fooled into believing that the customer service does not end once you leave the store. It most certainly did, this time.Our experience was great until the end. Our wedding was on a Saturday 2015. We loved loved the photographer (forgot his name / he had a piercing on his bottom lip) he was so fun, cool and took amazing photos) I would recommend him any day....probably will use him for other events.Back to the review lol

They have a really fun tech menu for drinks.  Didn't get any but was cool to see that. I got the blue cheese burger, my girlfriend got a more standard american cheese, and we split the parmesan fries.  The blue was a bit gamey for my liking but was still very good.  Cooked to my requested medium nicely.  It would have been nice to see the fries more crispy, though, they were tasty.  The standard american cheeseburger was what really stood out.  There's something to be said for excellence in simplicity.  That burger had it.

2. Chicken Chipotle, Bacon and Avocado

burrato - nom!

I think based on the great reviews here and the crowd that maybe my expectations were too high.  I thought the enchiladas were okay.  They weren't terrible.  They were just okay.  The beans and rice were fine.  I'll definitely give this place another try.  I believe in wisdom of the crowds, and Caramba's seems to be always crowded.  Those people must know something.  Maybe I got them on an off day, or maybe I was just off!Decent food, but seemingly worthy o 4 or 5 stars.  The portions are large and the salsa are pretty good, but beans are out of a can...  if you want a step up from cafeteria food with a mexamerican flare, this is a good choice. They do server beer and wine, but no tequilla so those margs are either beergarita's or winegarita's.In the working class areas of Phoenix, one can spy a small Mexican eatery every hundred yards. A tortillera here, a taqueria there...blindfold me and send me to Maryvale, my stomach will lead my feet to menudo in mere minutes. But here on 67th & Bell, they don't seem too keen on ubiquitous Latin fare. This is middle class, soccer mom territory, and for the most part the locals seem satisfied sustaining themselves on Chipotle. But what if they dare venture to another part of town? Certainly, their curiosity must make them hungry for something slightly more authentic.Well with Caramba's in town, they must not feel like they have to. This place is a parody of every obscure "bertos" I've stumbled into on an empty stomach. The music is all in Spanish, and there's some good ol' futbol on TV. The cashier was eager to explain away any menu item, as if the usual clientele couldn't tell their chilaquiles from an enchilada. Jajaja.  Anyways, I ordered the fundido, because I figured their specialty was more...Tex Mex. It wasn't too appealing, essentially a fried burrito topped with generous amounts of an interesting cream cheese sauce. I washed it down with a fountain drink, but then I spied a sign...they charge a quarter for refills. That's not much at all, but not even Taco Bell does that--why should they? Out of defiance, I tossed my cup and just ordered a margarita. $3.25 seemed like a steal, I was excited to have one with my breakfast. I didn't mind it coming out of a fountain, but it was incredibly strong! Stronger than any margarita I've had in a restaurant. But, it was still worth it.Apparently, their specialty is the cheese crisp, the more complex of them branded "Mexican pizza". I saw some being ordered, and I wasn't the slightest bit impressed, especially with tortillas that tasted like they came from the Fry's next door.Personally, I don't think Carambas deserves the popularity it has. The food is middle-of-the-road, and their prices the same amount as a dozen places you could eat breakfast across the value. Nothing special about their salsas or tortillas, which is alarming enough. However, it was very clean, the staff was swift and polite, and they have adult beverages. It's okay for a nice, quiet breakfast.Over rated... Sloppy Mexican food with plastic forks..I got their shredded beef burrito special and I have to say I was extremely disappointed, it just wasn't good.  However my wife got their green chili tamales and they were pretty darn good.Oh no.. I've been waiting for my order for more than 15 minutes. I understand it was busy but they've been calling numbers 29, 30 & 31 those people who are eating in the restaurant (my number was 26 and it's to go) They should prioritize orders that are to go. I ordered carnitas and it was not what i expected. I paid $8 something and I didn't even finish it. I should have just ordered crispy tacos on the safe side.You know, for Phoenix, it's not too bad for Mexican food. While our car was broken down, we walked over here and decided on the quesadilla. WOW! It's gigantic. And I didn't think of taking a pic. And not too bad! Nice and cheesy with chicken and sour cream/guac. It had other stuff in it too I just can't remember. They have a great outdoor seating area and prices are pretty decent. But, it was just missing that Cali flavor that only Cali knows. I just can't give it better than a 3.Americanized Mexican food. It's a-ok when sometimes you just want that type of cuisine. Prices are all very reasonable and portions are good sized. There's a huge outdoor patio area and a "cantina" area that had more of a bar feel. There's also interior seating in a no frills fast food environment.I am good with the ability of Dr. Jacobs, but I'm questioning whether I want my daughter to continue as her patient because she will only see you for one exact thing and make you schedule another appointment for any other issue.  It makes me feel as if she's more about making a lot of money than helping her patients.  I can't keep taking days off to take my teen in to for such minor issues -- I have to work to pay Dr. Jacobs!  I've never had another doctor do that.  Our old derm happily treated my daughter's two issues during one visit.Tons of stuff but not a very good size selection.  They have a bit of everything but never seem to have what I am looking for.  Always sold out of Large and XL women's sizes, and don't carry talls when the label makes talls.  What they do have right is the sunglasses selection.  Ironman wrap arounds that are great for outdoor sports at a reasonable price. Every time I am in Arizona, I find myself hitting up this store for something.  I can find what I need about 50% of the time.Bought a pair of new balance running shoes, the guy who helped me pick them out was very helpful and enthusiastic.  But when I was checking out and paying the cashier was really nice until I denied signing up for the rewards card. He became very short, ignored me when I asked about the return policy, and didn't want to give me a plastic bag for my shoe box. Don't think I'll come back to this sports authority any time soon.The had a variety of colors I was looking for, but does not price match Amazon. Looks like Sport Chalet will be the place I go for sporting goods.We have been looking for a recliner and since we owned La-Z-Boy in the past and happy with it we decided to look again.  We were greater immediately and was bombarded with questions about what we were looking for and how our home was decorated....ugh.  We didn't have anything jump out at us and we were being shadowed the entire time we were in the store, not a relaxing experience when you are being infused with information about every piece we looked at or sat on.  I almost felt knowledgeable enough to sell the furniture when it was time for us to take our leave!  In their defense they are not the only furniture store that chooses to practice this but I wish they didn't and just let me shop till I find something I am interested in.  I guarantee you this, I would have spent more time looking if it wasn't for t h is.I really wanted to get a bagel here.  I was starved and the blueberry bagels sounded great.  Unfortunately, the jalapeno bagels were laying on top of the blueberry ones and I really didn't want my blueberries to be spicy and taste like a mexican oompa-loompa ... so I went with the gyro.  It was really good.  Not the most amazing gyro I've ever had (that belongs to It's Greek To Me) but it was one of the better gyros in Phoenix.  I probably would have given this place 4 stars but having your bagels all mushed together is not a way to get me to come back.It was so so.  I actually prefer Einstein Brothers Bagels.Hot Bagels. To a random passerby, it's like any bagel place really. To locals and Midwestern students, it's a holy temple. And to me, well it's a highly overrated bagel place. But hey, it's still delicious! Especially if you're in the mood for a bagel.But it's kinda pricey. I ultimately paid like $8 for a bagel with lox, cream cheese, and a bag of chips. Seriously?? I mean, yes, it was one of the best bagels I've ever had but I could've gone next door to Senor Taco and gotten a burrito for $3 less and have enough for a dry-cleaning job at the $2.25 cleaners adjacent!And that's what brings this place down. While bagels are delicious and it's hard to mess up bagels, it's still just a bagel. So if you're feeling like having a bagel, definitely check this place out. It's on par with or better than Einstein Bros. Just don't be overhyped by all the love the locals have for this place because in the end, you're just having a bagel. =)Bagels on display reminded me of my previous bagel stop, Noah's bagels =]I ordered a traditional garlic bagel with cream cheese for here. Paid more than I wanted to but I figured I could deal since this place seemed to be a local favorite. Sat down when the "heated" bagel was handed to me on a plastic plate. Tried to take my first bit but the bagel was MUCH bigger than i expected haha mainly because of how much cream cheese they spread over it. Which would be awesome if I loved cream cheese but I don't so more than half of it ended up in the trash.But the bagel itself was nice and toasty. I took each bite like it was my last and enjoyed it like no other. Usually don't get full off one bagel but these are pretty filling.overall, I was impressed but not amazed. Ive had worse and I've had better.Opinion.. finely dice your Jalepenos in your cream cheese, too big of slices and it wasnt spicy.Superb bagel just wish they would cut back on the salt. Then I could patronize them more often.Being from NY I had high expectations based on a bunch of the reviews. Ordered the Taylor Ham, egg and cheese on a "toasted" everything bagel. Bagel was not toasted. Disappointing there. Like the simple setup of the place. Staff was at best moderately friendly. Smiles and hellos almost seemed forced rather than genuine which is the norm these days. Ive been in and still am in the restaurant industry for over 25 years. Amazing to me how so many managers and owners just don't get how important that piece is. Do you appreciate your guests or not?  Sorry. I digress.

A:  Just for the halibut! Came in today for some sushi.  We were seated by the conveyor belt, where every plate is $2.00, so we took it as a sign.  Let's just jump right into the review:While the fish was decently fresh, almost everything came drowning in either spicy mayo and/or unagi sauce.  If they pulled back a little on the sauce, I think it would have been more enjoyable.  California Rolls also seemed to make up the majority of the rolls.  Everything served on the belt was some sort of variation of a California Roll but with the addition of spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, or shredded crab.  I think some simple nigiri would have been nice, especially since everything ended up tasting the same since they overused the unagi and spicy mayo sauce.  The cuts of the fish could have been more consistent as well.  Also, the actual rolls themselves are on the smaller end but two of us shared 11 plates fine. All in all, I wouldn't hesitate stopping in again but I don't think I would go out of my way to stop in.  Service was excellent, especially the lady who called everyone, "honey," and the place was clean.  Not a bad place for a quick lunch.Just okay. Every plate on the conveyer belt is $2 and had different variations of the CA roll. But for $2, can't expect too much. Service was good. If you want a quick sushi fix and you're not a fan of the 'ore adventurous stuff, go here.Hey, it's a US Airways Club.  By far beats sitting out in the terminal.  :)There are two US Airways Clubs in the Charlotte airport. This is the much smaller one that is located halfway down the B concourse.Even though it's smaller than its sister over between C and D, it has all the same functionality and features. Club angels who can help you with your travel issues, coffee and a bar with some free drinks (It's US Air so expect to pay $5 for a "premium" beer aka Yuengling) and free snacks. I don't know why people eat the snack mix that sits in that  huge bowl - the number of kids I've seen stick their hands in there are disgusting! But the cheese and cookies and crackers are great.Free wifi (faster than the free wifi that the airport offers) and plenty of power outlets.If you have a long layover here in Charlotte, even if you aren't a US Air elite flyer with club membership, you can buy a day pass. it's well worth it to get out of the noise and hassle of the terminal and enjoy a little quiet.Sometimes this is a nice place to sit and relax and other times it is just a tad bit too loud and it doesn't really offer you what you'd expect. The consistency is lacking both inside in the lounge area as well as the people at the receiving area. However, no matter how bad the consistency is and how loud it gets - it's still A LOT better then being in any of those damn terminals.The service at the front desk was typical Admirals  club excellence. The club overall seem dirty and dingy and not up to typical Admirals Club standards.No matter how you shake it, it's still better than sitting out in the airport waiting for your plane. Hopefully they'll get a chance to update this one soon and return to their high standards that they had in the pastThis is a solid option when you're waiting in between flights. Though a lot of the admirals club's have gone downhill in recent years, this one seems pretty well maintained. When he gets busy, this place is packed and it's hard to find a place to sit. Food selection seems a little bit limited times, not like the other admirals club which has soup and cheese and crackers and sometimes pita chips and hummus as well as other options.A small, cool and sort of awkward annual event.As the name implies, this is almost entirely about the comic books, comic book artists, and some of the related media and art, making it somewhat different than the larger and more popular events like ComiCon, that have grown to include events that aren't comics and anime, but have equaled (if not overshadowed) the original comic theme.  This is small enough to be intimate in that you can take your time and not fight the pressing of a large crowd.  You can stop at tables, actually enjoy the time it takes you to look at what they have, then move on.  I'd almost call the setting "intimate" when compared to the larger conventions.The location is good but may be limiting.  A library is a cool choice to host such and event, but two things seem to be happening because of this.  First, most of the vendors are outside in a courtyard-type space (actually a boxed in entry area facing Escondido St.), and the rest in a hallway inside the library.  Outside isn't a problem, since early November is a great time of the year for being outside.  But while there are also break-out rooms for panels and film screenings, the first time visitor may get the feeling everything is sprawled out (especially when compared to events being in a large ball room or convention hall).  Once you see what's there though, you realize it's not spread around.  Rather, it's just a small (but cool!) event.  The second thing going on is related to this.  The space is actually confining.  As small as the event is, it doesn't appear there's room for it to grow.  It seems with the increasing popularity of comic books / graphic novels and their transition to TV and the big screen, an event like this could easily be larger.  But I don't see how that'll happen if it remains at the library.  (That's okay if the folks who put this event on don't want it to grow, but it seems a different venue would be required if growth is a part of the plan.)For on-site food, there were a couple food trucks there.  We tried one of them and it was fine, but the prices were ridiculously high--probably three times what they should have been.  And then the guy had the audacity to sport an attitude suggesting the patrons were lucky to have him there, as he stood next to a tip jar.  (That'll be a separate review, later.)  It left me with the definite feeling the vendor was taking full advantage of what he perceived as a captive audience.  If you're going to be there over lunch, I recommend you bring your food with you, or just shoot out to a local business for a bite.There's ample parking to the south of the library, so don't worry about that.  If you like comic books and the related art, this annual event is definitely worth a visit.  And if you have (or know any) kids, bring them along.  It's definitely kid-friendly.This is a hip and casual little mexican place, great for grabbing a quick bite to eat, especially if you're not wanting to spend much.  I'm not sure (and don't really care) how authentic it is.  The street tacos were good and better than anything I've had at Chipotle.  El Burro deserves to thrive but I hope it never branches out as a chain because I think that's exactly what really sets it apart from shitty alternatives like Taco Bell.  There's a reason food served by aloof teenagers and generally people who just don't give a fuck remind us we usually get what we pay for, but El Burro is the exception to that rule.El Burro was basically my last stop in Pittsburgh and I had an awesome time laughing with some friends and eating a mediocre burrito. I got a plain bean and cheese burrito. The cheese was good but the beans were sort of off. I think they had a spice in them that I'm not used to being in refried beans. It reminded me of the beans at Tito's Tacos in LA. Not bad just sort of funky. I was super excited that they had Jarritos. yum.My friend accidentally ordered a burrito with pico in it and when she realized she asked them, politely, if they could keep it off. Well it was already made and she was very apologetic but still asked if they could make another one. Obviously this sucks for them and they weren't rude about it but they did keep trying to get her to take the one with pico. I know it's a pain to have to remake something, I do get that, but it just started to get kind of weird. The kept saying, "Are you sure you don't like pico? when was the last time you had it? Don't want to try it again?" Yeah, she made a mistake and it's inconvenient and again, they weren't rude, but by the time he finally acquiesced he could have finished the burrito already. It's an okay burrito but there's room for improvement.They used to have the best steak tacos in Pittsburgh until they swapped out the real chunks of steak to basically Taco Bell meat. I was extremely disappointed when I learned of this transition. I actually have not returned since... Dont get me wrong, the tacos are top notch. I love the soft greasy shells and the authentic Mexican feel this place has. They also give you lime for the tacos which gives it that extra zesty taste! I also have had the pittsburgh burrito which has french fries mixed in with the burrito, it was ok but when I go to a place like this I am looking for as authentic as I can get. Still good food besides substituting the best tacos they had. I have to give it 3 stars because that was the only thing I really kept me coming back. Disappointed :-/Where is the real Mexican food in Pittsburgh? I came here because its in my neighborhood and someone posted a pic of the carne asada fries and I knew those had my name written all over them. I had the diablo shrimp burrito. Surprise! Tomatoes in your burrito! I'm not a fan of raw tomatoes and I could have done without that surprise. The shrimp was so so spicy but on a whole the burrito was bland. I also ordered the carne asada fries which are great in theory but lacked seasoning. Would I come back? Sure, you gotta support neighborhood businesses. But next time I'll try the tacos.Meh. That's my description based on my first visit. I have been wanting to try El Burro for quite a while since the place is literally just a few blocks away. I love LOVE Mexican food. Usually you can find me salivating over the menus of Casa Renya, El Campesino, Chipotle, etc. You get the point.  I finally tried it out this afternoon for lunch and decided on the Carnitas Burrito. My significant other ordered the chile relleno burrito. Upon holding the burrito, I was impressed - it felt like a significant portion. When I took it out of the foil it looked good, lightly grilled even, and smelled nice. Then I cut it in half, and rice spilled out everywhere. I looked - where's the meat? Upon further inspection and subsequent eating I found the meat, but not very much. And to boot - it tasted like it wasn't seasoned at all. Very bland. All that weight of the burrito? Pretty much all white rice with a couple of corn kernels and peas and TWO cilantro leaves.... And it all tasted like... well, nothing! I had to drown it in my hot sauce here at home.  At other establishments I can barely eat an entire burrito. Here, I ate the whole thing and was very disappointed, especially after reading all these rave reviews and the price point. Now, I did have a bite of my husband's Chile Relleno burrito, and it was more flavorful than mine, but of course a pepper like that is going to have more flavor than what I had. He said it was just ok, and that for the price he expected a bit more inside the burrito other than the mass quantity of rice. I don't see myself being a regular here. Too pricy for too much rice and very little flavor.As much as I wanted to like this place, I have to say I really thought the food was overrated and overpriced. First of all, I wish there were more places to sit inside. They could have really perked this place up with a sit-in area- however, obviously the space is small and carry-out is pretty much the only way to go here. I have to say the food was good, but as other people have said the quality is not much of a step-up compared to the Taco Bell down the road. I got a rice and beans burrito, which was almost 6 bucks. The fact that even lettuce and tomato are extra ad-ons is ridiculous. I don't think I've ever seen that in any comparable food chain/restaurant. As other people have said as well, the people behind the counter were not very friendly. There is a fine line between fast service with no bullshit attitude and rudeness, and the couple of people who took my order there were right on the line. I do have to recommend trying their home-made salsa that they offered me, although there is almost no spice to it. Bottom line, one should go to the Taco Bell a few blocks away for similar quality food at a cheaper price.Come on El Burro, I love your food but went in today for lunch and could hardly eat, the place is disgusting it smelt like it had been washed down with a dirty dish rag.  Not very appetizing.  I have seen it much better guys and I hate to give you a mediocre rating but if this keeps up I doubt I will be able to stomach it.Stopped in again the other day for a quick lunch after a trip to the Mattress Factory.  My original sentiments about this place were completely restored.  Good food and good service.  Nice job Wes!The place has good food, but WAY OVER PRICED for the quanity.  If you feel like paying $8.00 for 3 baby finger sized tacos then be their guest. I can't remember the last time that I spent $50.00 for lunch for myself and a women sitting on a stool at a counter with NO alcohol involved. Way over priced for what you get.  I'll stick to Las Palmas for my tacos.El burro is OK. Feel like they skimp on meat in burritos, give me too much rice, and dont even include sour cream or cheese. The fried "taquito" esque creations are OK as well. Prefer the strip or taco truck. This place seemed so great at first, but it lacks in flavor and bang for my buck. Taco truck might be pricey but at least their tacos have flavor, for example. And i pay about $10 for a burrito here when I could get a better tasting one with more meat at Chipotle. Sorry dudes. Im sad to say it too. Maybe you can switch up your flavor game and save the burro.I decided to check this place out for lunch yesterday, since I was in the area. I've heard a few good things about this place and was looking forward to trying it out myself. I ended up going with the chorizo burrito with crumbly cheese and their habanero salsa. The burrito was underwhelming in my opinion. It's a tad pricey, has too much Spanish rice for filler, and minimal chorizo. Overall, it was a bit too bland and dry for me. Also, I'm not positive the cheese made it into my burrito. The habanero sauce was tasty though. It was not extremely hot and therefore manageable for anyone who likes some heat, but I only got enough on the side for half my burrito. I will try again at some point, but I'll be honest, I went to Chipotle for dinner to get the fix I was looking for later that day.I stopped by with CM this past Sat. around 5pm after a visit to the Mattress Factory for a quick snack.  We were a bit hungry, but weren't necessarily up for a full dinner. I whipped out my trusty Yelp app and saw that El Burro was an establishment nearby that I'd bookmarked, and CM said he was up for Mexican. Thus, we decided to brave the quasi-sketchiness of this end of Federal St. to check it out.  The first thing that immediately became apparent upon walking in was that there were no tables--only a handful of counter seats on either side.  Between that and observing other customers, it's pretty clear that most of El Burro's business is take out.  Undaunted, we decided to get a few tacos and settle in to eat them at the counter.  CM and I both ordered two chicken tacos in hard shells ($3.75 each), and I also got a bottle of Tamarind El Jarritos soda ($2.29).  The tacos were served about 5 min. after ordering.  Unfortunately, though they had appropriate textural variation, I found them bland in flavor.  The skimpy portion of red salsa served on the side, while hot, added little flavor to them.  No guac or sour cream was included, which was disappointing--apparently, you have to pay extra for it. Unfortunately, I feel that El Burro epitomizes what's wrong with the Mexican food scene in PGH--Mexican food is supposed to be bold and flavorful, not bland!  Between the blandness of the tacos and the price that we paid (over $16), it just wasn't worth it.  In retrospect, after looking at the photos, we would have been better off ordering two flying saucers instead of the tacos.  If you're looking for delicious, inexpensive tacos, I recommend Edgar's in the Strip or Las Palmas in Oakland.  TBH, I probably wouldn't return unless someone insisted on it--or unless I was stuck in the North Side without cash, as was the case on Sat.El Burro is a nice lunch option in the North Side.  The menu reminded me of some of my favorite Tucson-based, super authentic taco shops.  Nothing fancy, just the real deal on a menu board.  I went with the shredded beef burrito and some medium salsa on the side.  The burritos are huge! It was a brick of Mexican goodness, ready to destroy my hopes and dreams of making through an afternoon of training in Allegheny Center.  The medium salsa had just the right amount of kick to it.  The burrito itself was tasty, but something about it just didn't knock it out of the park for me.  It was definitely a more authentic flavor, but still missing something.I'd like to go back and give the tacos a try.  Corn tortillas always amp up the authenticity and flavor, and I want to see what this guac is all about.I really want to love this place but am let down every time I go there. The execution just isn't there for the food. There are a couple of items that are ok, but not good enough to go back that often.I've been in this store a few times but mostly all at night or early AM. I have never have had any issues with service. It's conventionally located to home. It's open 24/7 & has most things one may need. Prices are a little more expensive vs Wal-Mart but you pay for the convenience!This is a tiny 7-Eleven. If you're hoping for something specific, fair warning, this locale may not carry it. For example, while they have one of those cool Coke machine dispensers (yay for orange Coke!), they do not have any fountain Mountain Dew. No Mountain Dew! This is a severe travesty and pretty much kills the #1 reason I come to any give 7-Eleven. Thus, unless I'm craving an orange Coke, I won't be coming to this locale again. But it's clean and the staff don't suck and whatnot.So I come to this 7-11 every now and then. Its a 7-11 with 7-11 products. I do like the staff though. Very nice people and friendly! That's all.The location is good, avenue is a few doors down making it easy to shop for Plus Sizes. There are many items and so much to choose from. The clearance section is pretty big. They accept coupons and the clerks are helpful. They can be pricey if its not on sale, if you are on a budget I'd hit avenue. If you want quality stay here. I just wish they carried bigger sizes than a 28 and more stretch knits.First off:  Chez Chili does not (I repeat: does not) have skillet queso or chicken club tacos on offer.  If you're looking for Chili's, you'll have to look elsewhere.Secondly:  Chez Chili is not easy to find.  If you're looking for the entrance on Clark, you'll be out of luck--you're going to have to swing around to de la Gauchetière to find a way in.  And it's tucked away in a basement, so the address is actually "1050-B."Thirdly:  Chez Chili's decor ranges from the Sinological to the surreal.  The walls are adorned with boldly graphic cultural lessons.  Off in one corner, however, stood a lonely half-size traffic sign ("SLOW") that appeared to have been transformed into a clock.  A broken clock.  Eat your heart out, Salvador Dali.Now that we've dealt with those pressing issues...  Chez Chili features a menu that represents three distinct regions of China with three distinct cuisines:  Hunan, Sichuan, and Dongbei (a.k.a., Manchuria).  Montreal's Chinese New Wave has been spearheaded by Sichuan cuisine and, to some extent, Hunan cuisine.  If you're looking for a Manchurian candidate, Chez Chili just might do the trick.In typical Chinese fashion, the menu at Chez Chili is fairly extensive, and I've yet to figure out what all the hits and misses are, but a fairly random survey turned up a couple of exceptional dishes, and a number that were less so.The great:  the Sichuan lamb with onions and cumin was a stone-cold winner--the kind of dish that has you thinking about "the next time" even as you're eating it for the first time; there was also a mushroom casserole (Hunan, I believe) that was really squeaky (you'll see what I mean when you start chewing), but also really appetizing, and a welcome vegetable dish.The good:  spicy chicken knuckles could have been more generous on the meat-side, but was near-hallucinatory on the spice side; twice-cooked pork was just good, as were the dry-fried green beans.The forgettable:  Dongbei-style cabbage with glass noodles looked interesting, but was strangely bland; fried chicken strips was like a Chinese chicken schnitzel covered with chilis, which sounds pretty great, but, unfortunately, was characterless.I could see my rating for Chez Chili going up once I've had the chance to explore the menu a little further (I'm sure there are more gems in there somewhere), but for now...Worth checking out?  Absolutely.I decided to try something different...And while I generally want to try lots of new restaurants, it seems of late, it's more miss than hit.It's a new place at the corner of la gauchetiere and clark, in chinatown, it's a basement place so you have to walk down. The decor is very modern chinese zen, with chinese cities written on the wall in caligraphy, a nice touch.We ordered hot and sour soup, tofu family style and some stewed pork belly. I've been dying to order pork belly for a long while, and you don't often see it on the menu. The taste overall is bland to too salty. The soup was a bit liquidy, so there was a problem with every dish, don't know if it's an off day with the chef but it was not spectacular.The pork belly was a bit lukewarm, I would have preferred it more hot, and the taste was somewhat bland, I think it could have use more caramelization and more salt.The sauce for the tofu was a bit too salty, even with rice it was hard to take. The soup had good taste and flavour, but needed to be thickened a bit...however the bowl was huge and cost only 8$, and it could easily feed 6-8 ppl.Like the soup, bring the soup. :)Looking for some warm Chinese on a chilly day! We walked around China Town looking at menus and came upon this place....mostly because the General Tso's was on special for $7.99. (Comes with rice and soup.) You go down stairs to enter the restaurant. Nice little set up...fairly typical décor. After asking about the lunch special (s), we went with the General Tso's (GT) and Pork with Spicy Garlic. I requested the General spicy, as it's strangely not regularly and the Pork was already noted as such. The Pork was decent and the GT was ok. Neither was particularly spicy and 0 spice was detected in the GT. It did taste fresh/healthy, though, which to be honest, is not what I look for when ordering General Tso's. Interesting side note: Pizza was delivered while we were eating, at which point the entire staff gathered around a table in the dining room to eat. It seemed as though service was on hold during that time. In conclusion, the experience was kind of pricey for a bland meal. We also received no soup, but did not request it since we weren't impressed with the entrées. Probably better options within the block, but maybe our experience was unique.The food here is fine and the service is reasonable. The purpose, reason be it, is for false advertising....it's not hot.The entire menu says pepper hot and Hunan, Szechuan etc... But it's mild at best.Wife and I ordered the spivey double pork and some other dish, nice flavor....NOT HOT.If you want Chinese food the stop on in, but may be better in the street.The location wasn't the best. The chicken a ordered wasn't so good. However everything else is AWESOME =Clothes are really cute and very reasonable in price. There could be more accessories.. there is nothing but big bulky necklaces and a few gold earings. I have to say they have the WORST customer service that I have ever experienced. I was never greeted, never asked if I was ok or if I needed any help. They all spoke Spanish and walked around like they were the only ones in the store. It's not a comfortable atmosphere and management really needs to do something because it's like that every time I go in there but I keep going back because I can buy a lot for very little.Rhapsodielle is a women's clothing store in Centennial Center next to Micheal's and Ross. It caters to teens and younger women. The clothes are mass produced and are of low quality, but man oh man are they cheap! The store is organized by color, which is helpful. Rhapsodielle is cheaper than Forever 21 but has less, selection wise, to choose from. Case in point - I saw the same rack of beige pants in at least 4 different parts of the store. They have a small shoe section, a jewelry and accessories section near the registers, and a decent plus-sized section towards the back of the store. Employees are noticeably quiet and will not say a word to you, so customer service here pretty much sucks. I've only bought a plain black tank and a hoodie here. On my most recent visit I left empty-handed. Shopping at Rhapsodielle can be hit or miss and the clothes are extremely generalized to appeal to the largest number of people. I feel very meh towards the place.YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #170I was thrilled to have a new Thai restaurant open in this part of town.  We went for dinner and the first thing we noticed was the prices.  Thought they were a little high for the quantity of food and location of the restaurant.  Also, was extremely disappointed that the soups, especially the Tom Kha Kai, didn't come in a size small enough to enjoy before the entree.  So no soup this night!  The Pad Thai was ok, but it was not served with a lime or any cilantro, which I love in Pad Thai.  We also had a pork and vegetable dish, which was kind of bland.  All in all it was just okThis restaurant is nice and cozy to dine in and the food is great.  The quality of the food is very good, but the portions are small and it costs around 8-10 bucks per dish.    I left happy but we had used around $30 for two people ordering only 2 entrees and one appetizer plus drinks..I feel like the price doesn't justify the portion but overall the restaurant feels great for what it offers.  Definitely a place to remember if you want to dine near NLV.I'm familiar with Thai cuisine because I grew up with Thai and Laotian friends.  True authentic Thai restaurants in Las Vegas are unfortunately scarce in this city.  I usually only try new Thai restaurants based on word of mouth but I was meeting up with a friend so we decided on a place nearby.  I went to this restaurant based on the good reviews on Yelp.As I was waiting for my friend to show up I ordered the traditional favorite Thai Beef Jerky.  I looked at my plate when the waitress brought it out and notice that the majority of the jerky was cut almost as thin as mini straws.  And at first glanced I could tell that the jerky was fried to the point where it was dried out and hardened.  I mentioned this to the waitress and her attitude was "next time tell me not to fry it too much".  I didn't like her attitude so I told her I found this place on Yelp then her attitude change.  She didn't offer to change out the jerky but she was more attentive after that.  The jerky was definitely flavorful and would have been perfect minus the cost effective size and dehydrated brittle state.  I sucked it up and my friend and I tried to finish the $7.95 appetizer.We ordered the Drunken Noodles(which was not on the menu).  I thought that was a plus.  The flavor was authentic and perfect with some minor tough rice noodles that I encountered.  Their red curry flavor was right on but the chicken I could tell was a bit dry.  Their Papaya Salad flavor was perfect with the exception of the equal amount of carrots to papaya portions.  It's a simple little restaurant with a definite mom and pop feel to it.  Overall I enjoyed their authentic flavors. And would have given them four stars if they had stayed more true to quality on a few of their dishes.  But being it's location on the Northwest side of town I would have to say I consider this 100% Thai as you're going to get.I would love to give this establishment 4-5 stars but as I am awake with a roiling stomach at 4AM I simply cannot.  I've ordered take out from them several times and it is always good; delivered quickly and courteously.  This last time however I ordered two curry dishes, one mild, one medium, but both were spiced so heavy as to be barely edible.  Right now I'm wishing I had stopped eating it rather than force feeding myself the spiciest dish I've eaten.  I ordered using the eat24 app so maybe there is a problem with the app or how they process the order.  At any rate I would recommend calling them to confirm on the amount of red pepper in the dish.   I should have sent it back.....Beware-- spices are spicer than normal spices. Whoa, try saying that 5 times real fast. Their spicy level 5 is spicy level 10 in most places! The usual eats:Spicy Beef salad-- made a mistake and ordered it as a spicy level 5 one time and it was extremely difficult to eat due to the spice level. From than on I order it as a level 2 which is perfection. A lot of beef and not enough veggies but still very good. Mint chicken-- some Thai places use ground chicken for this dish which is what I'm used to but this place uses real chicken chunks. The amount of chicken they put in this dish is greatly appreciated. Great in favors and the mint doesn't over power the chicken at all. seafood tum yum soup- Great burst of flavors but not enough seafood. I would like to find more fish, clams, and shrimp than garlic and tomato chunks. I do like the actual soup/broth, it's pretty dang good, but for paying $16 they need to make it worth our buck. The people that work here are really really nice. It is family owned so you often see kids in there watching TV or helping the adults. There is also a mini stage area where there are instruments and I think karaoke. I've never been here while that was active but it looks like good time. They are also well known for their beef jerky. Ask them for a sample, they'll be more than happy to give you taste.I should have heeded Sandra R.'s warning about the spice levels here. The mister and I ordered take-out from Sun's Thai Food & Jerky. I thought I'd be safe with getting a "medium" spice level - Boy was I wrong. I about burned my face off! So please, should you dine at Sun's, order a level or two below what you would normally get for spiciness level. Online ordering through Eat24 for Sun's is Not Spicy, Mild, Medium, Spicy, and Very Spicy.   PAD KEE MAO aka Drunken Noddles (8.95): My medium level spiciness was so spicy, I couldn't drink a coke with my meal! I was forced to drink a glass of water. My nose was running and my mouth was on fire. Basically, I couldn't really enjoy my meal and eat as much food as I wanted. I got this entree with tofu, which wasn't cooked the way I like it. It was fried. Of course I would have liked the dish MUCH better if I would have ordered it with a "mild" spiciness level. 2.5/5*** It is exasperatingly difficult to find a place with tofu I actually like. So far Le Thai, Tuk Tuk, Teriyaki Madness, Benihana's, and Geisha Steakhouse are the only places I can find where I like the tofu. ***  GARLIC & PEPPERED CHICKEN ($8.95): My husband got his entree at a 'mild' spiciness level. He said it was perfect. At first, he complained his meal was small but ended up saying it was the perfect amount after finishing. Entrees come with a side of rice. 4/5SERVICE: Our order took less than 15 minutes to be prepared and the employees were extremely friendly to us while we waited inside. My husband sampled some beef jerky and wants to buy a bag on our next visit.     Worth a Return Visit?

The waiter was very well-trained and the service was quite good but not great.For the astronomical price we paid to dine here, the featured suckling pig was very mediocre.  In addition the ribeye steak was flavorful but lacked tenderness.The appetizers and side dishes were very well crafted. The drinks were also excellent and hats off to the pastry chef for creating some very delicious desserts.

Squid Salad -  3+Shrimp Tempura Roll - 3, Fell apart and gummy

- i chose not to do their check in process online. they have you check a box that basically says you're paying for the whole time you're reserved to stay, and if you don't have that kind of reservation (e.g. priceline/hotwire type of booking), you're signing your life away if you hate the place. really not classy. plus, it's really just selfishness on their part. they have you schedule a check in time because they just don't want to pay for the resources to have reasonable lines at check in. i had to wait 20 minutes at about 530pm.- i didn't have a problem with slow elevators. i was in district one.

   The service is a little lack luster. I believe it to be because of the high level of business, not because of some low level of standards. With that aside, the table to space ratio is off. You are either sitting right on top of one another or you are bumping into others trying to get to your table. This can be quite annoying on the other end because people are also bumping into you while you are trying to enjoy your meal.       The 3 star review will not deter me from coming here again. The food, the wine, and the sense of passion behind them is what makes this place stand out. I hope to receive better service next time and perhaps a little more space to breath.Just ok. Had the pig pizza and the one with that I can't remember it's name but had a hard time eating that one. They were out of the pasta I wanted to order so that was a bummer. I loved their zucchini chips, they were very tasty and addicting.mTheir hazelnut chocolate dessert was very delicious but as far as pizza I would skip and go for their pastas.Dammit!  Why am I the only one who seems to think these Fox Concepts aren't quite as great as they make themselves out to be?  Maybe I'm just not cool enough to "get it," or maybe, just MAYBE, I've been to one too many restaurants over the years to the point where I'm able to ignore the showmanship, style, and "vibe" of a restaurant, focusing almost solely on how good the food is (or isn't).My girlfriend and I have visited North Italia on two separate occasions. The first, I'd probably rate as a four star dining experience, with the second trip only coming in at a measly two.For a Fox Concepts restaurant, the setup is pretty much what you'd expect.  Ultra-modern décor, very sleek, hip, and trying to give off the feel of a local restaurant, despite being a pretty large chain that has over nine different locations all over the country.I'm not a fan of the valet, or what I refer to as "forced valet," meaning that if you want to actually park at the restaurant, you really have no other choice but to use their valet service.  Yes, it's convenient, but I don't like being trapped into using a service that I've never felt is necessary.  Don't make me get a root canal when all I need is a dental cleaning!For the first trip, we had a very charming server, who actually went above and beyond to make our first experience a good one.  We were given a bowl of free zucca chips, which were excellent.  We opted to order some truffle garlic bread as a starter.  My girlfriend really liked it, while I've personally never been a big fan of truffle, as it generally stinks and has a bizarre metallic-like scent and flavor that I've never been able to ignore. Additionally, we ordered a bolognese pasta, which was actually far better than what we've had at many other local places (including Nook and Central Bistro).  For pizza, we ordered a prosciutto, which included two of our favorite additions: figs and goat cheese.  It was decent, although not comparable to some of the more well known pizza establishments in Phoenix.We were hoping to try this nutella and banana dessert we keep spotting on Yelp, only to find out that they don't have it anymore for unknown reasons.  Instead, we ordered the salted caramel budino, which we both were quite impressed with.For our second trip, almost eight months later, we decided to start with the grilled cauliflower, which included a fried egg, asparagus, bread crumbs, and a bit of lemon.  It was extremely good!  No free zucca chips this time, much to our disappointment.  We decided to change up the pastas and pizzas this time, opting for spaghetti and meatballs and a bacon and egg pizza.  We requested the pasta first, with the pizza as a second course, but our server apparently mixed them up.  The spaghetti was, in short, not very good.  We both were simultaneously taken back with how salty it was, making it extremely difficult to say anything positive about the dish.  The pizza, on the other hand, had ingredients that were decent in quality, but they unfortunately botched the crust.  There's a fine line between charring a pizza and burning a pizza. Char actually subtly enhances the flavor, while burning it basically overpowers the flavor. Unfortunately, this crust was full-blown burnt.  No good!This time, for dessert, since we gave up seeking the banana and nutella combination, we ordered a dark chocolate tart, that allegedly has nutella mousse.  We couldn't detect the nutella, but I suppose it was good enough.In the end, I'd give it three stars.  There are clearly good and bad choices on the menu.  Unfortunately, despite a trendy and lively atmosphere, it's not enough to bump it into regular rotation.  Sadly, there are far better options for Italian food in Phoenix if you're willing to look past all the glitz in North Italia.Dropped into this place for an early Saturday dinner. Place was packed which was a good sign but was seated fairly quickly regardless. Waitress was very good without being overbearing. Food was pretty good for Phoenix as Italian is not a strong suit in this town at all. I also appreciate the fact they make fresh pasta in house which was evident after eating the food. I had the ricotta gnocchi which was very tasty and my wife had the bacon and eggs pizza which was also excellent, and in my opinion way better than pizzeria bianco down the street that everyone raves about (I have no idea why). A few negatives which knocks this place down a few stars are first this place is very noisy, so much if fact it is very difficult to have a conversation without yelling across the table. My advice for anyone that wants a more intimate setting is to find another place, or maybe sit outside as the noise kills the mood. The other is while i was finishing my beer I put my mug down with a little over 1/3 left and a waiter came by and swiped it off the table before I could even notice assuming I was done. Really? If I am paying $7 for a CAN of beer you better make sure I am done, and even more maybe ask me if I am done?The Zuca chips are amazing. Service was so slow for mostly salads on a work day. Paul (I believe that was his name) was very helpful though in coming over and chatting with us about the issues. Overall, the food is great. The Italian farm salad was fantastic. The server had a funky thumbnail though that looked really dirty... Not something you want to see if someone serving your food to you.We went here for my sisters birthday. The food was about average, I didn't really feel like it was super special. I think we had a trainee as he literally brought out each and individual drink separately. We were a large party so this probably wasn't the best time to let him go it alone.The establishment is booming with life.  Music. Lively people and noise.  It's a happening place and the community loves this restaurant.   The vegetable salad was excellent. Everything in season was added!  My moscow mule was also very refreshing.  I was told the scallops were one of the signature dishes.  I loved the bed of risotto and bitter greens but the scallops had a bitter aftertaste often present if the scallops are not soaked in a special solution if "from frozen."   So, perhaps the dish was a disappointment.  I regretted not ordering the Bolognese (pasta) which I saw more customers enjoying with a smile on their faces.  Next time...if I"m in Phoenix I'll re-review.Service was OK, food good but location was beautiful. I found this place through Groupon. My friend and I sat outside on a calm Saturday afternoon.  The restaurant was mostly empty except for two other parties. The outdoor seating is fabulous. The service was adequate. Though there was one odd incident with our waitress. When we asked her how to eat a particular roll my friend ordered, she said "Very carefully." and walked away to her coworkers to chat. Weird. Other than that, the service was fine. As for the food, I recommend the sunshine rolls if you like a little spice. I thought they were delicious.  I also tried the tuna nagiri and enjoyed it. Don't get the edamame. It was very salty and tough. In sum, if you want a decent sushi place to dine al fresco in the Chandler area, I'd recommend The Sushi Room.Went to the Sushi Room with my gf with a Groupon I had purchased a little while ago.  Got seated at a tiny table for two.  Ambience was pretty good,  waitstaff was freindly.  Started with some Edamame,  which was standard fare,  and the Seaweed and cucumber sunomono salad.   Note that it may look like one line item for $4,  the seaweed and cucumber are actually seperate salads,  at 4 bucks each.    The seaweed salad was a bit to fishy for me, but the cucumber salad was nice and refreshing.Also ordered the Hawaiian Tuna Poky,  that was some very fresh Tuna,  in a soy/sesame dressing (says ginger soy on the menu,  but did not taste any ginger).  Also pretty good.Then had a couple of rolls,  first the Yellotail Jalapeno.   Had Yellowtail, avocado, asparagus, topped with jalapeños, chives and wasabi aioli.  That was qutie tasty,  well made and balanced.  Fish was fresh.    The other roll was the Tuna Tataki roll,  which was also quite good.  My gf''s only complaint was that they seemed a bit expensive for the amount you got on the rolls.  I thought they were well made, and good quality,  but could've been a couple of bucks cheaper as well.For service,  they seemed a bit slow as far as filling my drink (I waited 10 minutes with an empty cup).  And they took a while to remove dishes from my tiny table.  I even started stacking them up for them to clear some room.  Other than that they were nice and friendly.Overall good,  but not so good that I'd want to choose this over some of the other sushi places around town.good sushi well prepared, little pricey but sushi is getting pricey everywhere.  Was going to Otaku but this place is superior in quality and price.  Happy hour is really good.  would like to see them make spicer rolls, their version of spicey is lame.  Nice decor and great patioOh Mylanta...After going on a Groupon, we decided to go for our 3-year-anniversary.  We arrived at the middle of nowhere hoping for an oasis in the middle of the desert. Not the case. First, when we arrived, nobody was at the front.  Being yelled at from the back to choose anywhere to sit.  We were one of about 4 groups there and seemed promising. We sat down under some leafy decor "living wall" thing.  In all seriousness though, the decor is absolutely stunning. I loved it.  Definitely a star for that. Just make sure that if you're 6'0'' or taller to not sit under the greenery wall.What we found is that everyone HAS to pool tips, because there is zero incentive for anyone to be attentive. We were sat by a guy who claimed to be our server and then disappeared sitting behind the bar.  So then we got a girl who was happy to help us (his table) because she walked by our table more often.DRINKSSO, drinks. I got the Watermelon Mojito and my boyfriend got the Pitchfork Pale Ale. The Pitchfork (out of Tempe) Pale Ale is actually fantastic and a bit more mild than the typical Pale Ale.  Unfortunately, the Watermelon Mojito was the WORST mojito I have EVER had in my lifetime.  Being in a relationship with bartender (by night) I can safely say that the person behind the bar has NO idea what they're doing.  First, I had 4 mint leaves that were DEFINITELY not muddled.  The Watermelon is like the fresh watermelon juice you buy at fresh and easy.  BUT it had about 50-60% rum in it ad was almost undrinkable.  I definitely thought there would at least be a splash of Watermelon Pucker or the like to jazz it up a but.  But no.  It was Watermelon juice, a lot of very cheap rum, and 4 mint leaves.  Utter disappointment.THE APPSNext were the apps. We ordered the Fire sticks, Spicy Tuna 'n' Chips and the Black Shrimp Garlic Sauce thing.  (Can we talk about how whoever dreamed up the menu is extremely confused about whether or not they want to be American/Traditional or a Sushi place?)  First the Fire sticks were either old fish or premade and frozen because the quality was worse than freezer brand fish sticks.  They were disgusting, plus they gave 3 straw sized sticks.  That's a ridiculous number for $8.  Absolute dog food. The Spicy Tuna 'n' Chips is FANTASTIC.  Unbelievable concept, great sauces. However, whoever is making the chips is not cooking them long enough or the recipe is bad because they crumble in your hands. so the amazing tuna you almost want to scoop up with your hands because the chips are such poor quality.  If you'd like a good example for a house made chip, see "the fried wonton chip at Hula's Modern Tiki". Lastly, the Black Garlic disappointment was a joke.  They were two skewers, 3 shrimps a piece.  They were grilled beyond repair and just tasted like char.  whatever garlic butter loveliness was nowhere to be found. THE ENTREESWe moved on to the Entrees.  We ordered 4 rolls, a Nigiri order of Tuna, and a denial of an order of Nigiri Toro (fatty tuna).  Apparently they don't feel the need to write this on the menu, but they only have toro on the weekends.  P.S. It's $10 for the two pieces. A typical price, but based on what I saw with the Tuna, it doesn't seem worth it. The K.I.G. - pretty legit, 3/5Vegas - AMAZING, it came out warm and melted in my mouth.  Disappointing it's only like 6 pieces for $9.  5/5. This added the other star. The Sushi Room - Pretty good.  It's got that weird American/Traditional vibe but on this one it works. 4/5Wicked - Okay.  It's a great concept but what they do is pour the Thai chili sauce on the plate and place the roll on top.  The problem though is that  it's not enough sauce, because without the sauce it's just another crab roll. SO, preemptively order extra sauce.  But as is on the menu, it gets 2/5.  with extra sauce it would probably go up to 4/5. Tuna Nigiri - It was a joke.  The pieces were about 1.5 cm's by 4 cm's.  It was dry and old.  Probably the WORST Tuna I have ever had.  Not worth it. Stick with the rolls. DessertI am obsessed with Mochi, so I ordered that.  It is a mango, a chocolate and a strawberry mochi all cut in half so there are 6 pieces.  Perfect for a couple to try each flavor.  It was basic,  I can buy the same quality from Trader Joe's. The mango was definitely the best.  4/5The last star comes from our waitress who was very attentive.  (The one with tattoos.) She stepped up to the plate when our guy went missing.  Even so far as to bring me a whole bowl of ginger when she realized that I was going through it like crazy. If you're in the area, definitely stop by if you want to burn through some cash.  Otherwise, I'm hearing the Living Room is way better.  Good luck. : )The food here is tasty, fresh, and they have great lunch specials. Their mixed drinks are terrible, but their wine and beer list is decent. My problem is with the service Every time we've been here, no matter whether it's lunch or dinner, there's been a problem. I always have to ask multiple times for water. You have to ask them to bring a sushi setup of ginger and wasabi. (And for four people this weekend they only brought one skimpy little plate.) If you're on the patio they tend to forget about you completely. They've run short on glasses, menus, and soy sauce on various visits. I've had friends who need forks for their meals (not everyone is excited about eating a large salad with chopsticks) and I'm not even sure if the restaurant has any, because they never brought them out. If it weren't for the fact that the food really is excellent, I wouldn't go again. Hoping that they iron out the serving issues soon, because we need local places to succeed!Yea....the sushi isn't the best.....good for happy hour but that is about it. The envitonment is okay at best....i guess am not sure why this place is great. I would give it another shit.I'm a snob about Japanese food, which I know and this accounts for three stars instead of the two I would personally give it. On a Friday night, the service was good, friendly and prompt, but the ambiance was a must-miss.  Quite crowded, very noisy, music loud, but even over that I heard the entire conversation from the table 6 inches in back of me  - the person nearly bumped my head when he stretched his arms  We had to walk around the restaurant to squeeze out the door. I'm particular about where I eat sushi in Arizona, and avoid it if it looks Americanized and average, as this did.  Instead, we opted for the kalbi ('short ribs"), nicely done, decent sauce, generous but not ridiculous sized portions.  The chicken katsu was a disappointment:  too salty, the sauce tasted too much like a modified ketchup, not like katsu sauce at all, the breading too thick for a true katsu, although the chicken was tender and done just right.  Average wine list, so we had tea. Doubt if we'll add this to our list.Both times I've been to The Sushi Room so far, was with a Groupon.  Due to Groupon rules, any Happy Hour items we ordered didn't apply to our available balance, but it looked like some good deals.  I'd probably only return if it were happy hour prices (or another Groupon!).The food was very good.  The Kappa rolls were amazing, but everything we tried was good.  The atmosphere would have been just fine with maybe 20% fewer tables.  It felt too crowded, and I literally knocked into two people trying to get out of the restaurant.  There were no main aisles to walk down, one must squeeze between other customers.  The area at the front door is so small, that when you open the door, you must stop in the doorway because the hostess is *right there* and wait to be seated.The first time I went, the service was fine.  Nothing to write home about, but nothing awful.  The second time, I took some issue with our server.  She was clearly busy, but in so much of a rush, she made the process harder on everyone.  As she tried to explain different rolls or menu items, she spoke so quickly that I rarely understood what she actually said.  She'd walk away and our table would look at each other hoping someone could translate, all feeling a bit dumbstruck.  We saw the same expression on the neighboring tables faces too!  While I know I could have asked for a drink at any time, she never bothered to offer one or ask if we'd like one.  I didn't think about it until the food came, so by then I decided water was fine.  Another waitress who helped her carry plates out had a much friendlier demeanor.  Our server just rubbed me the wrong way.  Prices and food are comparable to other sushi restaurants, but between the service and cramped dining area, The Sushi Room does not top my list... it's "ok".This one is a hard one to rate, so i'm going to do it the good-old fashion category break down so the numbers don't lie:1- Service - Service was prompt when we arrived, but it also was a pretty-dead Monday evening; our server guy was friendly and knowledgeable and agreed with us that the red wine SHOULD NOT be served at any colder than 50-60F range; When the bills came, it was a huge mess and for the order screw-up mid-meal, I think the imposed 20% gratuity should not have been valid.2- Cleanliness - Place is modern, new and appears to be clean, though it was dark inside and we couldn't exactly see too many details.3- Food quality - I had sashimi and the other gals had rolls; I've also experienced some rolls in previous visits that were OK; I guess I wouldn't say that their sushi blows me away or is something I've ever craved.. and I do love sushi but have yet to find a good equivalents to my experiences many years ago at Shimogamo and at Hiro Sushi in N. Phx.4- Pricing - Pricey sashimi, but then again, sashimi shouldn't be discounted if it's high-quality.. not implying that because I paid $25 for 15pc that it is high quality; Their wine glasses are affordable and their rolls are, too.5 - I am saving this star for the experience - The experience? Meh.  I've had way better and I've had way worse.  I was mostly turned off by the screwing up of one of the gal's order which was really simple and the fact that there was no apology or price fix, etc.. basically she ate AFTER we all ate because they screwed her order up.  Also, I wasn't thrilled with drinking a COLD ASS glass of red.. yeah, I'm in Arizona and it's summer and it's appropriate to drink cold whites, but not ice cold reds!I was able to try a couple of rolls and sake at this restaurant last night. I was very impressed with the first roll which was some sort of tempura shrimp roll w/ yummy eel like sauce and jalapenos on top,delish! This was a total standout for me. I also really enjoyed the seaweed salad that also had tuna in it (never seen a versions like this before). They have great specials! half-off rolls on Mondays and group-off on Wed which is $15 for $30 of food. Check it out!All day happy hour on a Sunday is a GREAT marketing technique because The Sushi Room is out there. The atmosphere is nice, they played a mix from early punk, 90's rock, some 80's mix. I feel like this would be a great place to come back to when the weather is nicer to sit outside on their patio, very hip and relaxed, though the decor was very clean and traditional. The bathrooms were something less to be desired, the family (bigger) bathroom was flooded, the girl's bathroom was dirty, had no toilet seat covers and didn't have a toilet paper holder either. The giant roll was just placed on the back of the toilet. Grateful I had something to wipe with, but the whole bathroom experience could've been much better with some basic necessities.The service experience was just okay. The waitress didn't help or offer any suggestions while we surveyed the menu and she was super slow to come back and check on us.The sushi, I'm sad to say, didn't have any zing that would make me want to pick this joint over something much closer to my house. IF they had any signature rolls, our less-than-helpful waitress did not point them out, which is sad, because they lost a great opportunity to shine. I wish our waitress would've explained that their Vegas roll wasn't deep fried like most restaurants. No, they do something very different, and it would've been nice to know because I wouldn't have ordered it. Instead, I was disappointed because it wasn't what I was expecting or wanted. I will be back Sushi Room...I'm going to see if your entrees are better than the rolls. I also hope I get a better server next time around.Bumping up my rating 2 stars...I'm a risk taker so I decided to buy the latest Groupon here and give it another shot (despite my first 2 awful experiences). No way this is the same place I came to in May! Very happy to report that I had a great dinner with excellent service. Honestly, it's like night and day. New management? Brand new staff? I don't know what happened but it's working for them.To start I had a skinny blueberry lemondrop. It was ok. Kind of weird tasting, probably not anyone's fault but the sugar-free triple sec. The chicken yakitori had good flavor but was a little on the dry side.The rolls were really good. We had the kappa roll and Hawaiian roll. The kappa is wrapped in cucumber, which I thought was tasty and well executed. Hawaiian roll was beautiful (even though I don't think strawberry goes with it flavor wise). I do wish there was more of the butterfish in there.The rolls are pretty good, just not that creative. It seems like every one has crab mix and avocado in it.Service was great! We were greeted warmly, sat quickly, drinks out right away. Our server and hostess were really sweet to my kids and I totally appreciate that. Our server was very attentive. I actually forgot to mention Groupon and our server took care of it right away, no hassle or attitude.I think there is still room for improvement but I definitely have changed my opinion about this place. Will return.The food and drinks are great here. My favorites are the wicked roll, crunch roll and cali roll with jalapenos if you like it spicy. When the Sushi Room first opened they were very attentive and I never had bad service. Lately when I go, I always have to wait and it seems as if they forget about you if you are seated on the patio. They don't seem to be as busy as they used to be so I'm not sure why they are so slow. They're very friendly though and I have never had a bad meal or drink there. I still continue to go because I love the food and hope they improve on the service.I've tried the Sushi Room twice using a Groupon. Even with the discount, the prices were fairly high for about average sushi. California Roll - Average taste. They didn't cut the roll evenly, so your first might be a mouthful and your last could be scraps. This is tough when sharing.Kappa Roll - I am very impressed by this roll. I've never had a cucumber wrapping on sushi, and it tastes delightful and refreshing. It's slippery and falls apart easily when using chop sticks, though. Caterpillar Roll - It was just Ok. We came with a newbie sushi-eater and I was excited to have her try this one. It didn't impress like it has at other restaurants. They did arrange the roll in a clever "S" caterpillar formation.Vegas Roll - Average. One friend ordered the red Sangria that I sipped and liked. Light and simple.The decor of the Sushi Room is cool. They've got some interesting fixtures, a relatively ornate aquarium, and a patio that blends nicely with an open wall. The "Living Room" next door is a neat looking lounge with similar architecture. We all remarked that these buildings had a classy, almost European look.Overall, I would go here if I had a Groupon. With the long distance from my house, quality and price, I will look elsewhere before venturing out again.Let me first say that I literally live across the street so I was excited that a sushi place was going in. I probably have sushi 1-2 times a week so a to find a new favorite that is close really excited me. It was a bit disappointing the rolls were just ok. It started with the rice I wasn't impressed with the rice it was mushy. Maybe  it was a one time thingI will probably go again because the decor on the inside is nice and has large open windows so on a nice night this place would be Awesome if the sushi gets better. I will give them a try again at some point but on first impression the Sushi was just OK. I cant complain about service because I sat at the bar and watched it being made.I was taken here for a birthday lunch on 5/10/13 The sushi was very fresh and tasty and the list of various rolls to choose from was pretty extensive. I also liked the atmosphere. The price was a bit high in my opinion and the wait was considerably long before we were brought our food, but if you are a huge sushi fan, then I would say the quality, taste and freshness of the food might just be worth the wait.Nice cozy place but the service was mediocre at best. I doubt that I patronize again...unless a Groupon is involved. The server did suggest their sister restaurant in Scottsdale that serves pizza(something Pie)We went here for lunch. It wasn't the greatest sushi I have ever had. I would go here if someone else wanted too or for a lunch meeting requested by someone else. But I don't see myself personal ever coming back on my own desire. (Hopefully that explains my thoughts.)Wasn't overly enthralled with the food, but the service was excellent.Might go back if in the area.Oh no..Im too late for my write up about the snappy well seasoned hot dogs with the tasty toppings. (like the Mango Habenera)I came here the other day for a hot dog fix only to find a sign on the door "Kitchen Closed"  and found out it's CLOSED ...for good.  The new owner was there and he came out to talk to me. Said he'll reopen in a few weeks.  New restaurant, new look, new menu ..it will include French cuisine!I had high hopes for this place but left a little disappointed. The menu is simple, hot dogs or ice cream. No option for polish sausage or brats. I ordered two dogs and after I was done I was left wanting something more. I do have to say though the waffle ice cream sandwich was a great idea. Definitely worth going just for that!these guys have solid barbers. I had a faux hawk fade from home barber that needed to be cleaned up and deshawn was able to tapper me up.fade, faux hawks, flat top, fros, scissor cuts, solid razor work....solid shop with the usual fun barber banterIt was a few weeks since I had my haircut and it came out alright but not going to make this my new shop. The walk in wait was about a hour and a half and when I called in to schedule a appointment, it was spring break and they where completely book. Instead of working with me, we just ended the conversation. Oh well, some people just don't click.Honestly, the rigatoni with tuna and mozzarella I had and the fettucini with kurobuta sausage my girlfriend had were definitely good, but not as good as I was expecting for $13.50 a plate. The dishes tasted well-prepared, but my (not very impressive) dish of rigatoni with only a little bit of shredded tuna and mozzarella felt underwhelming. Although fancily named, the kurobuta sausage tasted fairly unfancy. Basically, for pasta with these prices I expect something a little more special.However, the service was top notch and friendly.The restaurant was nice.  Friendly group of people.  Had the beef carpaccio, I've definitely had better, the slices were  thick, but not high grade kobe beef that melts in your mouth type of kobe.  The fetti was good but matched with a basil leaf, poorly done, since the basil leaf didn't match with the sauce or the fish eggs that well.  Overall, decent, but with competitors like Raku and Monta and Big Wong in the same plaza, its hard for this restaurant to shine.Not really what I was hoping for, but I will probably give this place another shot. The Kobe beef carpaccio was pretty standard. I think the only Japanese element of the dish was the use of beef marked Kobe, but when your slice of meat is 1mm thick, you probably lose a lot of what makes Kobe beef Kobe beef. We also had a soft shell crab salad, which featured some very good sweet crab. I went out on a limb (for me) and ordered the squid ink pasta, and I have to say that it wasn't my favorite. Far from tasting unique, the dish tasted like a gritty watered down version of pasta with white clam sauce. At least I can cross that off my list now. All together, the service was good, I'm sure the other things on the menu are tastier than the squid ink.too saltyEveryone is raving about Uni Tomato CreamSpaghetti but it is just an okay to me, too much spaghetti, little uni and the tomato sauce overpowers the uni taste. i was pretty disappointed since its their signature dish. Oshima uni spaghetti is much better.Excellent

Ok hotel overall.stayed here last week and I have to say, my opinion has definitely changed. Disaapointed iLobby is old.  Casino is old.  Rooms are updated and nice.  Service was very nice.  Middle $ hotel.needs updates all around.  Small bedroom tv.The Good: Nice room, great view, friendly staff.The Bad: The hallways are sooooo long!The Review: My buddy was able to use points earned through the app MyVegas for a free room.  We paid for the second night, but it was still a great deal.  The room was decently sized, the television actually had HD channels, and we had a spectacular view of the strip.  I've reviewed Cravings (wasn't impressed), but I did enjoy the 24 hour restaurant The Pantry.  The staff here were friendly, although we didn't interact with them very much on this trip. It was tough after a long day of walking all over the strip to get to our floor and have to walk down a loooooooong hall.One of the negatives of this hotel was that there was no refrigerator, only a mini bar that was stocked to the gills. I'd definitely stay here again though.I feel like I know Vegas pretty well, as I am usually here multiple times a year and I stay in a different hotel each time. For my bachelorette party, my friends and I scoured the internet for a hotel that offered an affordable suite with ample space to have a small party and also to house about 7 girls. For the record, suites don't usually allow that many people in one room, no matter how big they are (hotel politics), but it didn't seem unreasonable to me when we found the Mirage Hospitality Suite, which is 2 bedrooms, 3 beds, 3 bathrooms and 1700 square feet. For around $700 a night, we thought it was a deal of the century. Officially, it said max 6 people, but we sneaked in a 7th. The actual suite was perfect for our party. Lots of room, and no one ever felt like they were infringing on someone else's territory. The room with 2 beds was a little cramped, but I think it was okay for just the weekend when we weren't spending a ton of time in the suite anyway. However, lots of things went wrong. First, we arrived about an hour before check in, and we were informed that the suite would not be ready for another few hours. We were pretty upset with this and it seemed like no one could do much because there are only a finite amount of Hospitality Suites on the property. So we had to go hang out by the pool and frantically take out from our luggage what we needed and what was to go with the bell boy up to the room when it was finally ready. How terribly inconvenient...definitely not a luxury experience. I actually had a plastic bag full of clothes and a phone charger and some makeup that I had to carry around until about 5pm when the room was ready. Ugh.Next, the refrigerator/ice machine in our suite was not working and we had repairmen in and out of the suite for several hours. So not only did we get our room late, now the room is occupied by hotel staff....no privacy at this place! Additionally, we were charged some extra fee, but they removed it. We were getting pretty mad at the Mirage and after all this, they were on top of it with all of our demands. So all in all, yes it's a great room for a bigger party. But be aware that they only have a few of these suites and things might not go as smoothly as you had hoped.This is a wonderful resort to visit, but a stay here is really nothing special. With Jackie and I here for the Mariah Carey concert at Caesar's and our youngest son just along for the ride, fortunately we only were there for one night. A very small bathroom with poor drainage in the shower/tub combo was just a part of our disappointment overall. Not terrible, just rooms that are considerably below expectations. On stepping outside, Jackie and I were constantly reminded of our wonderful stay at the Venetian directly across the street, just a few months ago.Also, the longest hotel checkout lines I've ever seen in all my years. I almost thought I was at McCarran International.First time in Vegas ( for my 40th) so first time at the mirage . Nice hotel , clean rooms . Really nice pool that's huge ! Only complaint is some guy walked in our room . He had a room key . Our room was locked we were inside had just gotten back from the pool . I heard the door start to open and some guy starts walking in he said is this so and so room ? I said no ! Who are you ? He said sorry and left . We called to the desk and explained what happened they said they would give us a new set of keys . The fact is what if we weren't in our room  ? And the guy walked in and stole shit ? We at least could have been given a discount on the room or a dining credit .SUMMARY:

The guest DJ is Dada Life at the night I went. It could tell that they have a good management and well organized. The line for general admission is still really long, even I went there at 12:30am.

I'm all for supporting my neighborhood shops & restaurants, so when I took notice of this establishment I told the hubby that we got to go try it. When we first walked in the hubby & I didn't know what to make of the place because it was blaring club music. To make the situation more confusing was the interior decor, it was very nostalgic. But the hubby appreciated it as he noticed the old TV in a wooden box that took him back when he was a kid, so I get it.I appreciated that we were seated and served our drinks right a way, but the service from there went down hill (Thus I'm giving this place a 3) I'm big on service so even if a restaurant has less than quality food but have exceptional service encourages me to want to come back. For me the menu was a little confusing and felt that it could be more descriptive or perhaps our server could have go over it with us or suggest some items. Anyway, here is what we ordered:* Kimchi Jjigae (w/pork) $8- This was very good. But I don't know if they were being skimpy on the meat because it was chopped up very small I hardly notice the meat in it.* Galbi $12-  This was very delicious. The meat was thick and juicy =P

On Friday, I did just that and my opinion is still unchanged.

4. Truffle roasted red potatoes

Good service, the waitress was friendly and attentive, it took a little while though to get our food.Place:No ambience , no personality almost depressing .I ordered:

I tried both the Western and the Mushroom...rings, fries and sweet tater fries...all were good...but none had that extra something that made you think I gotta get back here.

Check your utensils for leftover food. Tables were also not wiped down very well. Lastly, the floor had lots of napkins, chopsticks, and food. I can't believe this restaurant received an A grade! Service - 2 starsEven from the beginning of the experience, service was not great. The person at the front pointed to our table and gave us our menus. We also had to ask our waiter for so many items - rice, clean utensils, and our bill. Overall, good food, but that is all.It has been a 4-5 years since I have been here, but I thought I would give it another try.  I immediately noticed a couple things.  First, the service was much better than before.  The second wasn't as pleasant...the prices were higher, way higher.  I liked the food and if price wasn't a consideration, I would give them 4 stars.  Unfortunately, price is a major issue.  Their prices are high enough that I wouldn't go back.This Sam Woo is definitely different from the locations in Cali. Although I prefer the ones in Cali, i still enjoy the food here. I do have to agree with other yelpers that the price has gone up here. As for the service, I've learned to never expect great service at asian restaurants. Lol.Not spectacular but it did fill the void. Had the 3 item meats (soya chicken, duck, cha siu) just ok. The wonton noodle soup was just ok too. Gai lan with oyster sauce was good but you can't screw that up. It's fast but not super cheap.Hmmm, I think I've had better Sam Woo elsewhere. This place is a hit or miss, really.Set in the heart of Las Vegas' own little Chinatown, this restaurant can get pretty busy for dinner. Despite the fact that the servers were rushing around the place taking orders, service was kind of slow. Our rice bowls weren't provided to us until 10-15 min after we had our rice served.The vegetable dishes (snow pea leaves) were kind of bland. My boyfriend was disappointed since it's one of his favorites. The Mongolian beef was tolerable. The only ones that were worth saving were the chow mein and the eggplant dishes. Other than that, this place was a bit below average, in my opinion.TIP - Cash only. That's how we Asians roll.The fact that this place was only rated 2 stars really had me wary. But this was my mom and her friends go-to Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, so the rest of the family decided to try it out. Again, we had 2 cranky toddlers so we ordered a beef chow fun right away to get the girls started. That dish came out QUICK, but in good timing. As soon as that came out, we ordered the rest of the dishes. Chinese broccoli, mushroom with fried tofu, fried fish cutlets, fried chicken. All decent. Restaurant seemed clean and service wasn't too bad (then again there weren't too many patrons for Friday noon).Fast service, but the food did not make up for it.  Everything went well until my friend and I sat down. The bathroom was a mess and the food was.. Meh. The Thai tea was not as good as it was way too watered down. I wouldn't come back here just because they accept cash ONLY.I kind of liked the atmosphere of this place.  I always like to go to an asian restaurant that is busy, that way you know the food hasn't been sitting around for days.  I ordered a combination noodle dish and thought it was very good.  I'd like to come back and try the pork which is supposed to be one of their best dishes.We got BBQ duck and pork, hot and sour soup and seafood hotpot, Chinese broccoli, combo fried rice and 3 flavored chow mein.  It was all pretty good.  Not a lot of meat for the sick and pork.  The noodle dish and fried rice were great.  The broccoli was cooked just right.  The hot and sour soup a little bland and the wonton soup was tasty.   I wanted to drop the stars because the staff was so rude.  A  woman brought our plate and said combo fried rice-yes or no?  I said what?   She said yes or no?!   Yes thank you.  Rather amusing really but the waiter was fairly dismissive too.  Maybe because his tip was automatic?They only accept cash here!! Of course we saw the sign AFTER we ordered.Conveniently they have an ATM right inside the restaurant. Hahah.The MN girls and I are walkin' around China Town and it's time to pick a spot and get some grub! We decide on Sam Woo.We got salt n' pepper calamari, beef chow fun and some kind of wonton soup.Hunnie Bunnie really liked the chow fun. I loved the salt n' pepper calamari and the MN girl Donna thought the wonton soup hit the spot!They also hook you up with some complimentary hot tea once you're seated. Yeaaah.Good variety of food and for the most part it was average nothing too special the look was nice , sleek and modern and the people were nice .This place keeps getting pricier every single time I came to Vegas.  Furthermore, I felt that this place has gone downhill.  The duck is not as good as it used to be.  But Sam Woo is still Sam Woo.  The food in general is not bad in my opinion.  Just reserve this place for the late night.After travelling and not having Asian food for three days we decide to have some authetic Chinese food.  We know there is a Sam Woo in this neighborhood so we decide to check it out.  Of course it is more pricy than its counterpart in Los Angeles since a lot of ingrident had to be shipped from Los Angeles.

- It has a very "bro" atmosphere

       - I'd recommend this place for their rib eye. It's delicious, big, and juicy. The other steaks/prime ribs I've tried have been trash.So me and my family came here for a Christmas dinner. The place wasn't packed and it was around dinner time. Everyone seemed to want to hit up the buffet which is expected in Vegas.  There was a prefixed Christmas dinner which wasn't bad. It came with a choice of salad/soup, prime rib n shrimp, and choice of strawberry shortcake/pecan pie.   Our server took awhile to get to us but we didn't mind it since their menu was huge.  I had their prefixed menu and the prime rib was good and big.  The meat was juicy and shrimp was good but it had this green sauce on it that kind of threw us off but wasn't bad.  The strawberry shortcake was delicious and served with ice cream.  The server who served us was sick and had mentioned it but I found it a little disturbing as he is serving food. Not to mention I am pregnant. We had to wait awhile for our refills which he forgot half of the table.  He was nice though.  I would definitely come back for the shortcake.Surf n Turf for me @ Silverton Hotel & Casino and an Asian Chicken Salad for my companion.  Inexpensive, nice setting, not the greatest, but no bad either.  Good place to grab a bite if you're on your way out of Las Vegas and don't want to head to far off the I-15 nor head back to the main strip.Have been there for their breakfast which is pretty good except that their Bellinis aren't quite what I am used to.  But can't beat the price.A very average casino cafe. The service is pretty good, although when we arrived there was a 15 minute wait and the restaurant was practically empty. I assume they understaff this restaurant when they don't expect a large crowd, but other than that, I had no issues. I ordered an omelet and it was very regular. Tasty, but nothing spectacular. Our server was incredibly friendly and our glasses were always refilled. Definitely don't go out of your to come here, but it's a good alternative if you're in the area and don't want to spend too much on a quick bite.My husband and I both got the 16 oz. rib eye steak. My steak was cooked right but his was way under cooked. Service was good but regardless of tonights dinner ill probably come back in the near future.The good thing about this restaurant is that it's open 24 hours. There were lots of seats available during a Friday night around 9 PM. We came in with a group of 7 and had good service. I had the teriyaki bowl/plate. The veggies were fresh, but I should have known NOT to order Asian food at a restaurant named Sundance Grill. Two others in my party had salads that they raved about.If I were at the Silverton Casino during odd hours, I would go here, but it is an average casino cafe. It's not bad, but not that great either. There's gelato near the entrance/exit, but I didn't try it. You purchase that separately, I think.Come here only for breakfast and order one thing only. Order the barbecue brisket skillet with hash browns and eggs on top...topped with onion straws.This dish is a game changer and so damn tasty. Go check it our for yourself. So next time you stop at Bass Pro shop mozy on into the casino and check out their casual restaurant and order this!By the way only three stars because everything else is just ok.typical casino cafe, I really do not have anything bad to say about it. nice decor, friendly staff... I ordered  the omelet with bacon and spinach and It was a pretty good  choice4 Stars for their Food

* Bread = very good.  big fluffy pieces with great crust.

It also happened, that a daily soap was shot at one of the pools and, if you liked to stay, you were forced to sign an approval to give away your picture rights. Some people might like this attention, but I preferred to move to the West Tower pool. I expect getting paid if somebody takes my picture for tv!

b.  Steamed Spare Ribs

-awesome customer serviceWill give Sprouts another go... perhaps a different location that carries more variety of organic produce.I try to go to sprouts every week for fresh produce, but I'm not sure if I want to go back to this location. Some of the staff is very rude and extremely unhelpful. I may go to another sprouts from now on because I really have no desire to be treated like crap when I'm trying to buy some fruits and veggies.I was recently diagnosed with Celiac disease and Lactose intolerance so this is my go to place for all my grocery needs. Tyler had helped me on my last visit at a different location.  He gave me some great advice and resources for clean eating. Love this place buuut...  The flip side to this is when I was told it was ok to return items, the manager in charge of returns was the grumpiest lady I've seen. When I was asking her questions, she just ignored me and kept on working at the register. I raised my voice a bit louder and still ignored. I was extremely pissed off at this point. I almost made a remark to her but I didn't.  Didn't catch her name either but i do know she was at the location on Brown. There's nothing worse than having diet issues because of medical problems and having to embarrassingly returning it and having a rude grumpy lady make me feel like shit for returning it. God! If you don't have people skills, don't manage! It just makes everyone working there unhappy, including the customers.This is a nice little farmers market/natural food store. I come here for some of the harder to find organic items and supplements. The produce is a good quality. There are frozen organic free range meats. They have a variety of wines and cheeses. If you don't mind digging into a bulk bin, they have those too. I do wish they had a peanut grinder to make fresh peanut butter. They are a little more expensive here, but still worth the price if you go organic.Dang Me. Red Robin is all growed up! Hadn't been to one in 20yrs.But a lot of the clientele, at this location anyways, hasn't. The majority maybe have their drivers license, maybe. (Families w/ kids. Lot's of families) But there I was, the biker couple, the lesbian couple, the funny retired couple, even my nextdoor neighbors (with their new born) were there. You too could be there!Sunday late lunch, early dinner.Sit in one of the 5-6 booths in the Bar Area! Much calmer. There is also the bar itself. 3-4 TV's for "The Game" so you can hang out and scarf your burger and beer (or cocktail). I recommend the 22oz. draft beers. They also have a couple "Bottomless" non-alcoholic Limeade drinks. All you want for $3.99.Stuffed! The folks I was with are eaters, and still the portions did their duty. Chips w/ warmed Artichoke & Spinach dip. Towering Onion Rings served like a Fisher / Price toy. http://www.fisher-price.com/img/product_shots/71050_d_1.jpg?1216605372668  Ahhhh 'comfort food". Burger was fine. Bun was a bit hard. I scarfed it. But it is a $9 burger, could be better.

Dance floor - So small!!! I was shocked by how tiny the dance floor is. I understand that these clubs are geared towards bottle service and tables, but come on. The dance floor was way too crowded and way too small. Whoever designed this place clearly wasn't thinking straight.

To study with a friend

The Hot Dog Combo Basket with fries and included drink .......$5.68 + tax.Everything was delicious.

-some shrimp balls from Wha the Pho? (i think that's what they're called and I think it's shrimp balls is what I ate.) Those were alright too...nothing great. I didn't like the shirmp paste feeling in my mouth plus the texture was kinda ehh.... =/ I wouldn't get that again.Look how bad of a memory I got! Omgoodness...I'm sorry. The damn heat probably fuc*ed me up that afternoon. =( I love the sun but damn...couldn't they have made this event earlier in the month!? Or late march!?! Having said earlier that we were here till 7pm.....as we were leaving, we saw a long line by the entrance. People thought it was a good idea to come when the sun starts to set. WRONG!!!!! DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT bother coming after 7pm...heck, or even 5pm. There were already at least 3 trucks that have closed shop because they ran out of food. I didn't get to try Fluff Ice because they were already closed when I got there at 2pm!!!!!! =( Bummer. Would I go again next year? Eh...maybe if there was an admission discount (or even free admission) and depending on the weather cuz I'm not about to get owned by the blazing heat again. Otherwise, this event was overrated in my opinion. If I wanted to pig out on foods and prices like these, I'd rather take a trip back to my hometown for the Orange County Fair or the LA County Fair.Oh man it was a very hot day when we came here.  I really wanted to indulge in a lot of food, but I couldn't stand the heat.  We managed to eat at Jogaski and Seoul Sausage.  For the total of wait time, I don't know if it was all worth it, and the price, I just couldn't justify me returning the next day.  Granted, yes your bands-that are waterproof they said, will allow you to return to the festival, but as I said, the wait and prices didn't sway me to return.  The food I did get to try, Jogaski's Spicy Tuna Burrito Roll, that was good.  Not bad for sushi from a truck.  I'll give you a simple explanation, its a huge hand roll wrapped in soy paper.  Didn't wow me, but it wasn't bad.  Seoul Sausage, Jesse N.  was my trooper and stood in line while I sat in the shade.  He got us fire balls and a Kalbi hot dog.  Fire balls was a deep fried rice ball covered in Panko and Siracha Mayo to dip.  Kalbi Hot Dog-the concept itself was yum.  Served it with KimChee-Craut.   We are food adventurous, so the hot dog with KimChee, its been done by us..at home, but yes a must try. Festival wasn't bad or anything, because we love attending these festivities, but wait time on waiting for food takes away the excitement and the weather, makes it even harder to enjoy, and the prices, it was killing our pocket.  I see that they are bringing in different food vendors, which is fantastic, and shocked me when I saw the White Castle line.  People were putting in orders for big ol boxes of burgers...hmmm was it really that good to wait so long and not be able to try other places??  Still a wonder to me.  Heard people waited for hours!!  My tummy couldn't wait that longI have been to several Food Truck fests so going on Sunday I expected some to be gone and to be out of supplies, nature of the beast.Having said that....total let down. There were not that many trucks there first off, alot less than advertised. The parking wasn't actually that bad so the people complaining must never go to any events. The heat? It was a nice day out, there could have been a little more covered areas for the people who think 80 is killing them.The few trucks that were good and quick to serve whatever they had left hence the 3 stars.Fun to see all the different food types, but the lines where way to long for anything good. White Castle was sold out the day before pretty much or you had to wait in line all day.. Might go next year but be more perpared..I've never been to an Aldi before so let me summarize the points of surprise for those who are also newbies. You have to put a $0.25 deposit down to get a shopping cart unlocked. There are not even hand baskets to use, though you can take boxes off the shelves. You have to pay $0.06 cents for bags upon leaving or bring your own. You cannot use credit cards - debit or cash only. These "amenity" cuts have pushed prices down for what it is worth. The store is slightly small. There was a good coverage of all food categories, but Aldi is definitely not a big box or specialty store and fresh items are limited. The store was clean and neat. I'd say Aldi is somewhere I'd run in to get a specific, perhaps advertised item, but since they don't take credit card never mind.Dinner before movie on a friday night. Fish & Chips just sounds fabulous.Very nice interior design, but I think their menu isn't that great. It is very limited, pricey, and the food quality doesn't live up to the price you pay for your meal. We came in as soon as it opened, and the service was very sluggish. I was always running low on water, and I had to battle for the watress' attention to get a refill (when we were practically the only people there). I ordered their crispy calamari tossed for $8.00. It was mixed with black peppers. It was good, and the gave it a different flavor to the typical calamari appetizer. I also ordered the chicken milanese with arugula salad and asparagus for $14.00. That was ok. The breading on the milanese was indifferent and I only had 4 pieces of asparagus (and I love asparagus). I think my experience was just a one time only deal. I just feel like the service didn't make up for the quality in their food. The hostess seemed confused , on top of being on her phone upon checking in. The manager was nice enough to offer us free dessert, and I thought that was a very nice gesture of him.Bistro 57! A French style restaurant hiding inside Aliante Casino.From reading other reviews, I wasn't expecting too much truthfully...but I had a deal on this place, and decided to check it out!Started off with Escargot:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=snQzDf6YM1lZxRzNbk7NeA#snQzDf6YM1lZxRzNbk7NeAIt's simple with Garlic Butter with Crostini and wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. A little chewier than I've had in the past, and the flavors didn't really pop. Can't really recommend the escargot here.I went with the Osso Buco with Porcini Risotto :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=CSdJmC931Bhq9-chmTcw4A#CSdJmC931Bhq9-chmTcw4AThe Veal is cooked perfectly, and is super tender...just pulled apart with a fork! But the risotto was very heavy...like a mushroom gravy, and was not amazing in my book. It's the first time I've had this dish, so I can't compare...but I thought it was just "ok"Also tried the Grilled New York Steak with Pommes Frites & Arugula Salad :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=ZPAcyYVosejoM01vawZzdQ#ZPAcyYVosejoM01vawZzdQFirst steak came out well done instead of medium rare...second came out perfect. It was a decent steak, but hard to compare to all the great steakhouses in Vegas!And to finish, Creme Brulee of course! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bistro-57-north-las-vegas?select=z0wvnIk0VK4I_oo0yIo9cw#z0wvnIk0VK4I_oo0yIo9cwThe management comped the dessert since the steak was overcooked, and this was a large portion, plenty big for two to share. Yummy!Overall, this place was good but not great. I felt like it was a little spendy for what it is, but since I had the deal here, it was still worth the money. Just can't say I will be back anytime soonThree and a half stars. A French restaurant in our end of town? Hmmmmm We ate here for breakfast. The prices had obviously went up on the buffet since it's not a stations casino anymore. So we ventured into this place next door. Wow was this ever a pleasant surprise. The eggs Benedict were done to perfection. The croissant was I am sure, baked in house and the potatoes had unique but great flavor. I had tea so I didn't try the coffee .... All this for the price of less than the buffet. This meal was great and a very nice surprise!This place is ok! There's nothing that screams out about it.... Nothing too special. The environment is nice and so was the service, but it was missing something and I can't put my finger on it!I used to come here often, when it was Pasta Cucina.  I ordered fish and chips via take out.  It's a full meal, you won't be hungry afterward.  Tartar seems homemade and is good.   The potato chips are also homemade but a bit soggy.   This is nit picky, but they should cut slits in the take out container when packing fried foods to let the steam escape.  If I try different dishes in the future and they are as good, then I'll increase the rating.We went on a Wednesday and did not not it was Half price Pasta until 8 pm and a word of warning if you order anything other than pasta be prepared to wait

- Good for kidsAtmosphere Night

Pig's Meow, Pig's MeowThese Yelp reviews, are longing to stay

I got seated right away with a smile and you can pretty much sit where you like. The servers are everywhere and "every server is your server" so just raise your hand and over they come!You can order anything anytime of the day except dinner because the close at 3!I ordered fresh ground coffee, and their crabcake quiche with a fruit salad.The crabcake came out in 5 min, fast right, obviously pre made! My first two bite were crab free and then the next three so I summoned the manager kindly and he described how it should be and said if I was not pleased he would get me another with a smile! The next came out in 5 min, had lots of crab and was popping hot! They check on you tons which I like, when it gets busy it's loud I won't come running back but it's a cute place to grab quick Saturday bfast or lunch with friends!I was super excited about seeing this franchise come a little closer to my current location. As a frequent visitor of the Dilworth location, I knew I would be in for a treat. However, on my first visit to this location I wasn't particularly impressed. I had the griddle combo (gluten-free pancake, egg, turkey sausage and a side of hash browns). The egg portion was smaller than usual and the hash browns were crisp but a little cold.  The pancake was just okay as was the turkey sausage. The service though is exceptional. The staff is super friendly and the service was quick ( I only waited 5-7 mins for my food). Because I love breakfast so much, I'll definitely be back. Next time I plan to try something different. Give it a try for yourself!Well first of all the staff was so friendly and awesome that makes me want to come back. The setting is very nice too! We sat at the little table next to the fireplace. But I got the blueberry flapjack and it came with one egg and three pieces of bacon... I don't exactly think it was worth 10.99. It was delicious but not worth the price. My boyfriend for the country Benedict and that was worth it. So I would definitely go back but I would get something different.Food is good.  Nothing spectacular or different.  Bit over priced.  Can get better value same quality or better at ihops.  Hot new place waited quite a bit on a Sunday to get seated and served.  Not worth the aggravation and prices in my opinion.This was my first time to this location, and it was so so. I hear a lot of good things about this chain, but I must not have ordered the right thing. I had the northwestern omelet with grits and wheat toast. It was bad but just more expensive than j think it should be. With tip this and coffee cost almost $18. Too muchThe staff is incredibly friendly. I'm sure there are other things on the menu, but in not itching to go back.First I will day the staff is very friendly. Thats the only reason for the three stars. The food is not very good. The burrito was bland. My wife got the corned beef and eggs. It was terrible. We didn't even make it 30 minutes and she was sick in the bathroom. For the money (its extremely overpriced) I would rather go to Original Pancake House or Sunrise for that matter. We will not be going back.Visited Famous Toastery for the first time (Concord NC location) yesterday.  Food was good and the wait wasn't bad for a Sunday.  The only issue I had was that one of the waiters gave our food to another table.  When those folks realized it wasn't theirs, he picked it all back up & brought it to us - this is a huge no-no in the restaurant business!  If I had been the health inspector, they would have gotten dinged pretty bad on that one.  The rules say if you give food to the wrong table and physically sit it down; then realize it belongs to someone else, you are supposed to take it back to the kitchen & start over. The reason is that the folks who initially received it could have coughed/sneezed/touched it etc., so this was not a good thing for him to do.  Maybe they just need some more training....I went in today for lunch and was the only person in the restaurant around 2:30 pm.  Since it was post lunch during the holidays I wasn't too surprised to see the place empty.  I approached the gentleman at the register to place a takeout order.  I ordered Pad Thai Spicy 5 and it was finished within 10 minutes which was nice.  I took it back to my office to eat it and it was good, but not spicy at all.  The gentleman working even asked if I'd like it extra spicy and I agreed.  This was disappointing as there was no spice to my pad thai at all.Since it was only their second day open it could have been an error.  I am willing to try it again.  The restaurant was very clean and the man working was very nice.This place is huge! They have so many themed rooms and the games and rides are awesome. The customer service was not bad.. everyone welcomed us there and our server kept checking up on us. The food tho.. ughh soo gross!!! You definitely get what you pay for but next time I'll go to Little Caesars before I eat there. The food was very very dry and had been sitting out wayyy too long. I also saw a pan of pizza sitting underneath a counter waiting for the pizza on top to be finished :/ disgusting!!!! I would go to play games but that's it..We went on a Friday night around 7 and it was packed. Tons of bad ass kids running around and we saw some guy clearly fake a fall then lay on the ground dramatically grabbing his shoulder until management cane which was interesting. Kind of pricey and the food is pretty much what you would expect for a kids place (not good lol). Much better game selection than Chuck E Cheese and my kids liked it so thank goodness for that. Note to management: please turn up the air, it was so hot in there I seriously question if I would go back if they don't get it fixed.This place is crazy. Chuck E Cheese meets Cici's meets EDC! Glow in the dark mini golf, bowling, bumper cars, rides, ticket machines...it's non-stop action in the Game Center. The line queue when you walk in is different...buffet prices. Food is typical for kid buffet. They have a lot of crazy pizzas - peanut pizza?!?! Overall fun for the kids but crazy busy!So.. Where to begin with this experience... It was definitely a mix of many things. First off it took a looong time to pay and get in even though we were first in line. Next, after seeing that it was $11 they tell us that drinks are $2 extra.. Just to get in... The games I suppose are extra. Once we got in we found the rooms were very cute and we chose the cabin themed one. I read on here that there servers come around often. We were there about a half hour and I never saw the server. The food was also a mix. The pizza selection seemed good, but they were out of a bunch of them and most of the others were cold. I did manage to get a piece of a semi warm bbq slice and it was actually pretty good. Later I tried the pepperoni which was fresh and that was decent. I liked the chicken legs, mashed potatoes and corn though.Then the weird stuff: a fight broke out near us by the mini golf and a bunch of the help had to break it up. We decided to work up the courage to try some games and they were fun. Of course that's after we had a problem with the air hockey game where there wasn't a puck to be found. So after putting in 6 credits without being able to play someone had to come help us. She was very nice and did fix it and gave us our credits back. Much nicer than the guy who told us that since we didn't mention that we signed up online at the front right away it was too late to give us the 10 free credits that we were promised. Totally lame and frustrating. So, I guess I'll round up to 3 stars and chalk it up to opening problems. However, I'm not sure I see paying all that money for cheap food for the right to overpay some more for the games. Let's see what people think as time goes by...Was expecting more of a Dave and Buster's type of spot but it's catered more towards the kiddos with a couple of games for adults. They have actual rides and miniature golf which is cool but no arcade games like Street Fighter or NFL Blitz which are multi-player and fun!  Pizza was solid and dessert looked good but didn't try it; Wouldn't try the rest of the food..  Various rooms where you can eat/drink while watching sporting events and movies. I would say it's a better version of CiCi's Pizza and Chuckie Cheese merged.Overall the food is gross!  Tasteless and cheap. My friend got a stomach ache minutes after eating the pizza...  Don't go if you're really hungry.Salad was good cause you really can't mess up lettuce.Games were fun!John's Incredible Pizza Co. is almost a unique place.  I can best describe it as Chuck E. Cheese's meets Cici's Pizza.  Though John's takes the best ideas of each and improves upon them.  The Chuck E. Cheese aspect is in the arcade section in the back of John's.  There are standard arcade games like the type that you shoot aliens or fly hover cars around a race track.  There are further arcade game still.  The type that give you tickets for your winnings.  But these are all updated games new(ish) to the 21st century.  I believe I saw such current obsessions like Angry Birds.  If it is not enough to have built upon the gaming aspect of Chuck E. Cheese, John's has added rides like bumper cars and some sort of dizzying spin ride.  They also have a miniature bowling alley and a half hole (9 hole) black light mini golf course.  Taking a page from Dave and Buster's, John's has token cards for all their games and attractions rather than physical coinage.  There is a lot going on here.  It would have been more entertaining if all the various games were functional.  Many weren't which was disappointing.  It was also kind of hot in there given all the people running around and all the arcade games bleeding the local power grid dry.The Cici's Pizza idea of a pizza buffet is amplified here.  The salad bar has options to choose from both in full salad fixings and dressings.  It is a standard buffet salad bar but a noticeable and appreciated improvement over Cici's.  Some with the pizza.  There are more varieties and better quality pizzas at John's.  I wasn't so sure about it going in but I was impressed.  It isn't the best pizza I've had but also far from the worst.  The food doesn't end here either.  There are several pasta selections.  All pasta is undressed allowing for you the customer to customize your meal by combining one of the many pastas with one of the many sauces.  If Italian food isn't your first choice, there is also fried chicken, mashed potatoes and a few different soups to try.  For dessert, if the crowd has not totally decimated the selection, there is a peaches and cream dessert, fresh baked chocolate chips cookies, cinnamon rolls, and my personal favorite, fresh fried doughnuts which you can watch them make.  Not a bad selection.There are many different themed rooms for you and your party to be seated in. My group was in the Kaleidoscope room towards the front.  There is a log cabin theme room, a Disney room and some private party rooms.  Probably more that I didn't get to see.  If you chose to come to John's, be prepared to park a ways away.  And be prepared for a crowd.  This is at the Boulevard Mall and people come in droves.  You'll see families, parents and kids, running wild between the dining rooms, the buffet and the arcade.  It is a zoo akin to an amusement park.  It can be pretty fun especially for kids.  For a guy like me who would rather not be around kids, its a little too much to handle.  I was only there for a nephew's birthday.  I don't think I will make a habit of going but only because it is not a place for me.  For families, you can get some good hours of entertainment and some good food for a fair price.I give it a 3 star, reason being is the atmosphere is more for the kids. They will love the games that they have and the small rides they have as well. Now, for food wise I give it a 1 STAR! They ran out of Pizza very quick and waiting for a new tray took quite a while to come out! They also had ran out of Chicken at 8pm on a Saturday! Most busiest evening Iam sure of, but come on to say they ran out of Chicken and wont serve anymore thats pretty crazy! One last thing, parents were not supervising their kids as they were in the food area and drinks. Kids were grabbing food with their own hands and picking at the Pizza. I also witnessed a few kids taking their fingers and taking the last drop of their Icee at the Icee machine. Dessert area was pretty bad, kids as well picking at the cookies, people working at that area didnt care as they witnessed it. Ive been to the one in Bakersfield, CA as they were much more sanitary and clean. Good Luck Las Vegas Id wait a while to go to this place!It's what I expected for a kids pizza place. Not the best pizza, but salad bar was ok, lots of pasta and sauces to choose from, chicken legs, and desserts were ok. I liked the fact they had different rooms to eat in, we are the Disney room where the tv kept her interest. For taking a 2 year old I was pleasantly surprised that there were several games and 3 small rides that she could do. This kids play land is where I was disappointed, just a few little tykes type slides and a house, and two plastic animals to climb on. I could tell right away it was dirty, candy wrappers from the night before and a wad of gum are just the things I saw upon entering. We were there at open on our trip this day, by the way. The staff needs to be taught to clean these playhouses and slides and definitely keep the carpet clean, this room has kids on the floor. Staff needs a check list for cleaning.We had a birthday party event here on Monday February 8th for our son's 6th birthday. Booking the event was flawless. Our server for the event, Amber, was also good. She had gone over the sequence of events with my wife and was very attentive to our needs. The manager, Brie, stopped into the room one time. She waved my wife numerous times to get her to settle the remaining balance outside the room which was in my eyes unprofessional. We were told that their mascot was going to come into the room to say happy birthday to our son..they didn't. They played a few games in the room but had to move tables to play.  Seemed to be a little unorganized especially when Amber asked my wife to be in charge of the music system during the games. We had ordered two pizzas that came out the same time they brought our cake into the room (after about 20 minutes) so we had requested if we could take it home with us. Amber came back into the room with a white 13 gallon kitchen trash bag and said that her manager said to give it to us to use..definitely a bad first impression when this happened. When we tipped Amber she counted it right in front of our face..again, unprofessional.  We filled out a survey, but no response from "corporate" to follow up.  For a kids birthday party it was a great value. The kids had fun which is the most important part, but the place needs a little work in their professional and managerial skills.Good buffet

food is consistent & classic - nothing really 'new' or trendy on the menu - but thats what durants is known for, classic steak.

Definitely be back since they open late, so we were able to go for a quick snack & nutella fix~Visit #2 - Just a snack this time...The Burger Bar has great milkshakes with lots of whipped cream on top. My wife and I tried their Sliders appetizer and I recommend this for a smaller meal.The Buffalo slider with caramelized onions was decent, though nothing to write home about. The Angus slider with bacon was pretty good. The standard beef slider with pickle, mustard and cheese was the best of the lot.Prices are standard for Vegas and the service was above average, especially since it was busy and we were sitting at the end of the bar.They have slow service and the food is just okay. Only thing special is that they have many unique burger toppings, but it's not worth it for the money they charge.I travel extensively, and prior to my last trip, this was my favorite burger place in any city. My last experience, however, was not up to par. The Kobe beef burger was very dry, and more bland than I remember. I actually went back a second time that weekend, hoping it was just a bad burger. Sadly, it was not just one bad burger, it was two in a row. All in all, the staff is nice, the place is very clean, and the overall experience was not bad. But, for the money, I don't think you are getting the quality you used to at the Burger Bar. My hunt for a new #1 burger begins again.A large group of us ate here after the Michael Jackson show.Food was great, had the buffalo burger and added my toppings on. Fries were great.Shakes were yummy and creamy as well.My only complaint was the service. But, the Tv's they had on the side of the booth made it ok to wait.Check it out if you are looking for a casual dinner place in Vegas.The french fry sauces were the best thing here.  I ended up getting sliders to try three types of burgers and none of them stood out.  The sauce sampler is worth the try.  A decent place for lunch if your at Mandalay Bay and need a bite.Good burgers with a lot of options (and i mean a LOT) but really pricey.My boyfriend was recommend this place as the place to go for burgers; especially, since they had a $60 burger that was worth the price. I was excited! I'm a carnivore myself and  what carnivore wouldn't love a burger late at night? He ordered his $60 burger and I tried another burger. Needless to say, I was disappointed with my burger...The ground beef had several little pieces of nerves in it, yuck, I could not enjoy my burger. I took a bite out of the $60 burger and so worth the price. We ended up telling the waitress about my burger, she apologized and explained that the ground beef was made fresh daily and it tends to happen. I do not know if that's a good or bad thing?! Fresh ground beef but with little pieces of nerves, hmmmm?! We did get 50% off my burger but I would have rather paid full price for a delicious burger I would have enjoyed to the last bite. Oh well, I might give this place another try next time I'm in town but that's a big might. The ambiance was cool, casual, they had a bar, and tvs. The night we we went it was pretty empty for a Saturday night in Vegas, weird. But give it a shot and you might just like it!Average. Average. Average. The All-American Burger was allright but the Nutella Milkshake I ordered tasted nothing like Nutella. It was not bad but I was disappointed for the most part.Snagged a booth in the back - with a table added on to fit the eight of us.  FYI - with 8 people, consider the 18% gratuity built in and the service guaranteed to not be stellar... ah shucks.Had the peppercorn burger, which was cooked correctly (+), came with a tasty peppery sauce (+), and sweet potato fries (extra $, but still great).  The highlight of the meal was the mint chocolate chips milkshake.  Liquor and chocolate blended into drinkable heavenly sips.These burgers are nothing special unless you are willing to fork up way too much money for a burger.  I assume that the more expensive burgers are probably pretty good, but even the basic burger at a burger place should be decent, right? However, the cheapest burgers here were kind of dry and flavorless without lots of ketchup and toppings. I suppose that's Vegas for you, eh?The sweet potato fries are pretty good, and the variety of toppings available is impressive.  The sad news is that each one is something like another dollar. Fail.I was hesitant to even give this place 3 stars, I only did because they had a great beer selection. $90 for lunch with 2 burgers, 1 fry and 3 beers. Maybe some of the worst money I've ever spent. The burgers were just ok, nothing spectacular. My boyfriend's Kobe Beef burger had chunks of tendons or something in it. The bartenders were attentive but not personable. I wouldn't return, or suggest this place to anyone. BLT Burger was so much better, just a few hotels down the strip.At first, I was very excited to try this place after seeing their menu online, but I was wary of trying it after reading some of the reviews on Yelp. The BF really wanted to try it, so we decided to give it a go. Yet again, he beat me with food choices (how does this always happen to me?!?!). We both built burgers with the naturesource patties. He got bacon, pineapple, cheddar, and spicy ketchup. He was very happy with his choice. I, however, was kind of disappointed with mine. I got caramelized onions, the red wine reduction sauce, and cheddar. The sauce, which I thought would be amazing because it was supposed to be like a 'signature' sauce and it cost like 3$ was totally bland! I was counting on it for a lot of flavor, and it totally disappointed. The burger was fine, but nothing special. We also split some sweet potato fries, which were good, but, for 30+ dollars,I wouldn't come back here again.This place is not disgusting, but its definitely disappointing for the price.  The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars and not 2 is because our server was super sweet and attentive.  My hubby spent the whole meal commenting on how her and another server looked quite similar, turns out they were twins.Anyways,  I had the Angus w/swiss, mushrooms, and carmelized onions.  It was fine, but was far from the best burger I've ever had.  I also had the fat fries and a Carmel Latte (I think that's what it's called) shake.  They were both like 3.5 stars, but the value was terrible.  For the price it should have been spectacular.  Disappointed again by a celebrity chef.Um....not the best burger I've ever had, not even by a long shot.  I know it's popular, but my experience was not particularly life changing.  It could be that I was trying to be "healthy" and ordered a salmon burger.  It's pricey, and for me, it was simply okay.  I don't think I'll go back anytime soon, unless it's free or there's a super good discount.On the upside, the service was good.Very strong beer selection, though inferior to Todd English. Lots of Belgians and US crafts.

Had onions and red peppers. On a scale of 1-10, I'd give it a 6. I probably wouldn't order this again but it wasn't terrible. There were 3 on the plate but we each only ate one.Nachos

TTL- Favorite of all the rolls

Ambiance- 4

ORIGINAL REVIEWOverall this is an okay gym. Nothing special... The steam room is disgusting! Mildew stained and smells awful. The spa tiles are stained brown...and have been for a long time. The doors leading from the locker rooms to the pool area are always broken and do not meet health code standards. And the locker room and restroom facilities need a lot of attention.The basketball players take over the place on weekends. For some reason they like to use  the exercise balls to use as chairs. Many if the other members are too intimidated to try to get the balls back. I'm not saying they are bad people, but they need to respect the other members.There is a lot of equipment needing maintenance. OLD treadmills that can't handle someone weighing 250 lbs. Stepmills and ellipticals need attention as well.  Corporate needs to take a look at this place and do something to fix it. Don't put a bandaid on things. Fix it!All that said, you can get a good workout even with the antiquated equipment. Most of the other members are great and very friendly.  It's my regular gym, but only because it's convenient to home and work.This is a pretty clean 24 Hour Fitness and I would give it 4 stars but I can't do that (skip to the end if you want to know why).  The gym has most of the equipment an average gym goer needs, yeah it may be old but it gets the job done.  A few benches, lots of machines to choose from, a wide selection of free weights and one squat rack.  A huge aerobic room that hold many different types of classes.  A full-size basket-ball court.  Funny thing that this place is called Agassi Sport but there is no tennis court, maybe its hidden?!There is also a steam room, sauna, jacuzzi and pool.  All these areas are co-ed so don't go walking around naked or in your underwear.There doesn't seem to be a big number of bros high fiving each other after each bench so that's nice.  Everyone tends to keep to themselves and I haven't had any problems with asking people to work into their sets if I'm in a hurry. The reason I got to give it 3 stars is that the men's locker room and shower always smell bad.  There is always a faint smell of sweat mixed with urine.  If you take a shower the smell is really strong, which is sad really because the rest of the gym is nice.We came in for Yoga and to swim on a Sunday. The 9AM yoga class started on time and moved really quickly. I felt it was a little too fast but it was my first time back in a while. The next day I felt it... and that's when I knew it was an effective class. For the pool, I think it's weekly thing but they had the kid's swim school on this day and time. The class took two lanes and left one. No problem on the lanes as there was only one other person swimming laps. But what I didn't like was the fact the entire pool was 3-4 feet deep. Also, it was weird for me to have floor to ceiling windows looking in to the gym area. I would probably come back for the classes, and machines but not to swim.Just an okay 24hr Fitness, but I will continue to go here if I'm in the area.  I should be nostalgic about this gym since it's the very first 24hr that I ever worked out in.  Now, I'm hitting up most of the 24hr's around our beautiful city.  Like most gyms, this one is busy on Saturday morning, Monday's, and Tuesday's.  There's enough equipment here, but because of all the gym goers, the equipment can be taken at times.  Size and cleanliness is okay.  The bottom line is whether you're able to get a good workout or not. And for me, I always seem to get a great workout here.  My one issue here is their lack of dumbbells, weights (the plates), and safety collars.  The dumbbell racks are usually missing dumbbells, the benches missing collars, and you have to walk the entire gym looking for that missing weight plate.  It's even worse when someone is loading up the leg press with over 1000 lbs.  When I see that, I know it's going to be a long night.  I'm probably biased because I love the Summerlin, Centennial, and North Las Vegas 24's.  But I will still make my way out here for a workout to change things up.I am bumping this location up to 3 stars! I still have to deal with them being napkin nazis every time BUT they gave me a punch card for a free medium coffee (hot or iced) for a FULL YEAR!!!! Can I get a hell yeah!This location is clean and neat, but the people are not always the friendliest of people. I dont come here often but when I do the donuts are always delicious even if the people who serve them are not!I love Dunkin' Donuts.  I mean, who doesn't love a cup of coffee and a few perfectly sized munchkins in the morning?  However, if you stop by this Dunkin' Donuts you might be slightly disappointed.  First off, there are factors they can't control such as the terrible traffic of 19th avenue with the lightrail construction.  However, they can control the lack of customer service and the slow moving employees with sour faces.  There seems to be just a bad vibe inside this shop, which is ultimately the responsibility of the store owner.All in all, you can get a donut and cup of coffee here, but the experience is lacking and it's a shame because I love Dunkin' Donuts in general.Been to this location several times and my biggest complaint is they are always out of the latte flavors I like so I have to settle for something else. The owner seems really nice and although I've never had any issues with the staff, I've noticed some of them are rude to other customers on occasion. But one can never go wrong with Dunkin' Donuts.Just moved to the neighborhood, so I thought I'd grab breakfast. My coffee and ordering experience was good, and the servers were nice. Unfortunately, I went to take a bite of my breakfast sandwich and got a mouthful of parchment paper and rubber... er, I mean egg. Just in case I was unsure about how "fresh" my foods actually was. I had to wait an additional amount of time and they couldn't even remove the paper they used to microwave the rubber... egg on.What is up with themed convenience stores?  This one was pretty much trying to be "Mexico" - not a small part, but the whole country.  Above the cigarettes behind the counter has a wall boarder painted with rolling green hills and it says "Smoker Country.  That transitions into the space behind the register done all in saltillo tile. Then the next wall has all sorts of little homes, casitas, and outdoor cafes on it's wall boarder - all in brown and jewel tones.  The walls where the refrigerated section and the walk in freezer have corrugated metal out at an angle like a roof, with beach themed items coming out here and there from "windows".  Dude.  Are ya serious??  Folks want a pack of smokes, some corn nuts and a slim jim.  Or a beer and some lotto tickets.  Does this really enhance our overall shopping experience? Because if paying for all that means I'm paying more for my YooHoo then you can take it all back right now.  Sure, it's well lit, well stocked, and seems to hire fairly competent people - but that theme is all I vividly remember every time I drive away.Good place but there's always a bum asking for money while your trying to get a movie out of the redbox.FYI, El Gran Taquito is nothing more than your typical little hole-in-the-wall place to grab a burrito or taco plate.  In this context, I give it three stars, given the fact that you will often find the same family members working every day to hand-pull the meats and prep the rest of their ingredients to ensure great quality.  It's good food.Just don't expect anything else, and I guarantee that you will be impressed.  The "crap-aberto" places don't come close in quality, but El Gran Taquito will satisfy the same craving.  So give it a shot next time you want great beans and carne asada but don't require table service or entertainment.They get only (3) stars simply because they advertise things they never seem to have. I went in one week everyday for (4) days asking for Pasole and they kept telling me they didnt have it. So on the last day i said " Can i get discounted on my burrito then since ive been coming everyday for Pasole and getting something else"? They gave me a $.50 discount. Really??!! Then i made a suggestion that they remove the sign in the window that says Pasole since they never have it. Its still up there right today and ive called to ask if they had Pasole and of course it was no.Dont advertise something as an everyday item if you dont have it everyday. Thats all im saying. The food is good but ive had better.Barely 3. Its kinda like a joke of a BBQ. May be you never had one? Maybe you are senile can not remember how BBQ should be? Maybe you never ever had any food before? Whatever the reason might be, i am not sure. All i do know is that place is pricey and not very good. It will extinguish your hunger but it does not taste good doing so. "Bleah"I went here to compare to Big City BBQ in Mesa. This place is decent. The BBQ is good, but not great. I would go here more for lunch than a dinner.Marie and I decided to do a little shopping today so we drove across I-10 from Ahwatukee to Tempe to check out Ikea and Costco.  After strolling through each of the big stores and not buying anything that could spoil in the heat of the car, we stopped at Honey Bear's BBQ for a late afternoon lunch/dinner.We've eaten here once before having a good tasting pulled pork sandwich with sides, but this second time we both had a hankering for some pork ribs.  In my usual style, I ordered a full rack with a two sides of potatoes, one fries and the other potato salad. Marie decided to have 1/2 rack of ribs with two sides, cole slaw and a corn on the cob.  She also has a beer and I went with a RC cola.Now my thing with Honey Bear's is with the staff.  They are nice to you, take your order quickly, but they are a bit stoic, standoffish.  And this could be just me, but I feel like they need reassurance that I know a bit about BBQ, like I need to say "Hey I'm experienced! I've traveled this great country and have eaten BBQ in Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago, Memphis, Virginia and some back woods joint in South Carolina." Like I said, this is most likely my personal issues coming out, but this is how I feel while I'm ordering our meal.  Everything came to about $40.00 with small tip.We scoop up some extra BBQ sauce, which is very tasty, not over powering, IMHO.  Takes about 10 minutes to assemble our order.  When it comes to the counter, I'm already in motion and on my way before the guy can say our number.  The tray has way more ribs then either of us can eat in one sitting.  We both dig in with our hands, lifting the ribs to our faces dripping in their excellent BBQ sauce and begin to pull the meat from the bone with our teeth.  Now on their soda cups Honey Bear's states and I quote "You don't need no teeth...to eat our meat." They may mean the pulled pork, but I found that the meat didn't fall off the bone; you did need teeth to pry the meat from the bone of these ribs.  The meat is dry, tasty but dry.  That didn't stop me from finishing off all but four of my full rack plus the fries and potato salad.  I love the potato salad, with its taste of pickles.  Mmmmm.  Except for two pieces, my girl stripped her ribs clean.Marie got a "to go" box from the counter woman, and we piled in my leftovers to take home for a late night snack.Honey Bear's is no Joe's BBQ in Gilbert but I actually enjoy it. I usually get the pork sandwich and potato salad and I find myself going here. I like the BBQ sauce and the quality of the meat is good. If I'm in Tempe and want BBQ I usually go here.i've gotten lunch here a few times and it's pretty much Meh,. yea the bbq is pretty good. most are. there are really good sauces, and there are some that are so vile that i would make any body vomit.

They gave us a highchair that had a broken strap which someone tried to fix by stapling them together? Really? Little kids sit in them..use your brain!Would I give this place another try. Sure, why not. Cheap food and it was quick. I just won't ask for a high chair, and if I need anything I'll just get it when I order my food...Did you have a raging night and you're hungry?Cheap steak and eggs! $5-ish plus tax, plus tip. Service is okay. Don't expect them to be on top of it. They're short handed and trying to be quick and efficient.I seriously just come here for the steak and eggs. Don't ask me how the other food tastes like.All those cheap specials that are being advertised on yelp are only at late night or early morning, which caused some disappointment for me as I convinced all my friends we'd have a cheap meal.I ordered a skillet plate since the special was unavailable and it was packed with goodness. The wait for the food; however, was a little unbearable. We had about 6 people, but we waited around a half hour for our food. They might make you wait so the food can taste better. I wouldn't mind coming here again, but I might only come when I find out when that damned steak and eggs special is available.If you stay at Tuscany Suites in Vegas, you can get 50% off coupon. Not fancy but good enough. The taste of grilled tilapia and prime rib were OK.Little restaurant inside the Tuscany Casino. This was a mixed bag. 5 of us ate there twice:Good:

Great layout

Hotel is FREEEEEZINGVery nice casino! It's what I expect when I walk into any Hard Rock franchise. The rooms are very spacious and they have a lot of cool shops inside. I did not get to try Pinks Tacos but next time I will. The staff is very courteous and there is plenty of parking. The only knock is its a mile off the strip but I do not mind walking here to burn off the calories from the beers I drank. It is worth a walk or a cab ride to come here.I expected better. They charged 25$ a night for service fee, The housekeeping lady came into my room twice while i was changing and when i told her not to come in she still did. They have to make phone calls when their finished cleaning rooms, and they did it while i was in the room as well, which i found a little rude.When i came there, they made me wait in the pool for 2 hours because my room wasn't ready, and they were going to charge me an additional fee if i checked in early. I was just really mad with their service because there was packed line and there was only 3 people standing at the counter.The pool was okay, they had white sand and it was burning hot. Overall, it's an okay hotel, i just expected betterJust completed a two night stay at the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas and left dissatisfied. Our room was clean and spacious but there were a few lights in our room that were not working. We were a group of three girls and I must say that it was difficult to get ready for the day/night because all of the mirrors were in one corner of the room. AWKWARD!The decor was pretty cute, the beds were amazing/very comfortable, shower was heavenly, and all of the staff we encountered was pleasant. I will say that the only reason decided to  book at the HRH is because we were told that we get up to four complimentary tickets to Rehab; upon check-in we quickly learned that is not the case! They will only give you rehab tickets at a discounted rate but($28 for the first 2 and $33 or $35 for the third and fourth tickets) it totally isn't worth it if you are a girl because you can pretty much get into ANY pool party for free by getting on the guest list.As far as the actual hotel lobby/casino..I really like how they have the actual outfits that musical artists have worn during some of their most popular performances. It was very cool to see..and the excitement stopped there for me.My group decided to take an extremely spontaneous trip to Las Vegas on Friday night. We managed to get a room at the Hard Rock. It was our first time staying there, and there was a fairly big group of us. We asked room service to send up a rollaway bed so no one would need to sleep on the floor, but I guess they don't do that even though it says on multiple hotel booking sites that they're available upon request? Kinda lame because the Palms sent us up two rollaways once. We ended up just getting a few extra blankets. The room itself was really nice. Paradise tower, two queen beds and a pretty view of Rehab and the strip. The beds were soft and comfortable. Like most hotels, they offer a mini bar and various snacks/drinks and even an intimacy kit. Hard Rock calls theirs the "I Got Lucky" intimacy kit and it's $36. Water bottles are $9. If you want water, you can get a $2 bottle at the vending machine next to the ice machine. We all just got a big cup of water from the cafe on the first floor of Paradise tower for 75 cents.I reviewed little late.

(2) Going from the Excalibur to Mandalay is a straight shot, but coming back from Mandalay to the Excalibur stop, they also stop at the Luxor for some reason.  Which means, if you want to go from the Luxor to Mandalay, you have to go out of the way first (though I guess you could just walk since they are pretty close). Pro tip: If you are at a station, look in-between the tracks.  There is a thick metal cable there that the tram is attached to.  It gets pulled from the far end.  If the cable is still, the train is stopped.  So, you can look at the metal cables under the track to see if the train is coming towards you or moving away from you.  Since there are only 3 stops, you can figure out when when to be ready to get on board.The Mandalay Bay-Excalibur tram (abbreviated MBE tram) is short on distance and huge on potential. The MBE tram travels on a 2,749 foot long dual guide way that serves Mandalay Bay, the Luxor, and Excalibur-currently all MGM Resorts properties. On each guide way, there is one tram containing five cars.  Regardless that both guide ways connect Mandalay Bay to the south with the Excalibur to the north, there are differences between the two. The outer guide way is an express route that runs between the northeast corner of Mandalay Bay to the northeast corner of the Excalibur at the Las Vegas Strip at Tropicana pedestrian bridges. It passes right by the Luxor. This is a quick ride that I timed at two minutes. The inner guide way is a shorter route that stops outside the Luxor near the Sphinx and terminates at the southeast corner of the Excalibur requiring a walk through the casino to reach the Las Vegas Strip at Tropicana pedestrian bridges.    When I visited Las Vegas before moving here in 2004, there was a greater need for the MBE tram was necessary. This was before the Mandalay Place Mall connected Mandalay Bay to the Luxor. Minus a tram, people would have to cross Mandalay Bay Road (also known as Hacienda Drive) outside the controlled temperatures of the casinos. Currently the MBE travels outside a trilogy of three connected MGM Resorts casinos. Still, when I am staying at Mandalay Bay in the southern boondocks of the Strip, the MBE tram saves me time and energy when I am walking to and from the Central Strip. The only problem is that the tram currently shuts down at 10:30 PM on weeknights. What? Isn't Las Vegas a 24/7 town?  Because people staying at Mandalay Bay and Luxor come to live up the nightlife that Las Vegas offers, it is futile to close the most efficient means of traveling to the property after 10:30 PM on weeknights.    The MBE tram is a vital link serving locals travelling between Mandalay Bay and the Central Strip. Everybody knows that driving on the Las Vegas Strip is more nerve-wracking than the New York - New York roller coaster. The locals that are cognizant of the Frank Sinatra Drive service road that connects to the parking garages of the casinos fronting the west frontage of the Strip utilize the Mandalay Bay and Luxor parking garages. Coming from Henderson, I drive a short distance on Russell and Frank Sinatra Drive, pull into the Mandalay Bay parking garage, then take a stroll through the tropical themed casino, and after a few minutes waiting in the air conditioned waiting area, ride the comfortable tram to the northeast Excalibur station.    The MBE passes ordinary scenery. When I look to the right I see the Tropicana, two tall pillars on the ferris wheel that seems to be a figment of a developer's imagination, a church, an Arco, and underutilized land use in the shadow of McCarron International Airport. It is from the Strip that the monororail itself is an extraordinary scene. Where else can you see a monorail connecting a pyramid with an oversized Disney castle? When I stand at the corner of Las Vegas Boulevard at Mandalay Road, I feel like I am in an adult Disney Land watching the monorail pass by the Castle in a world of imagination.   In the mind of a creative transportation visionary there is a world of imagination in the potential of the MBE tram. If I could be elevated from Daniel. S Yelper to a Las Vegas transportation visionary where money is no object, this would be my plan. Toward the south, I would bring it all the way to the M alongside the west side of the Strip The stops would include from North to south: Welcome to Las Vegas sign, a future transit oriented development at Warm Springs with a bridge to the outlets, South Point, and temporary end at a transit oriented development near the M. Toward the north I would bring it inside the tall New York New York casino just like the Magic Kingdom's monorail passes through the Contemporary Resort with a stop for New York - New York /Arena/and Monte Carlo. From this point the City Center monorail could expand to serve the casino Strip. At this point the MBE monorail would travel to Chinatown and ultimately have a temporary end at the underutilized parking lot of the Plaza in downtown.   If only transportation planners could see some of the potential of the MBE tram, it would be far better. I remember when the Las Vegas Monorail was the MGM to Ballys Monorail in the late 1990s. The RTC had a vision to turn it into the Las Vegas Monorail. Before transportation planners possibly touch on its potential, MGM Mirage needs to expand the hours of the tram to compliment the needs of visitors and residents of a 24/7 city. In my book, the MBE tram runs on a 3 star rating.I bought a restaurant.com gift cert to go back here based on other yelper's suggestion but they no longer accept it since 5/09 as i was told.  The GM offered 10% off since I couldn't use the cert but then forgot about it when he rang us up.  3-meat 2 sides $13.99, 2-meat 2 sides $10.99 but out of mac & cheese, beans, creamed corn by 7pm.  3 people including 3 drinks $44 so not a value for the money.  They close @ 8pm & 2 parties came after we left to be out of luck.reopened again after landlord/lease problems & back on restaurant.com alsoAs much as I appreciate the first reviewers comments and think this store has amazing potential (I mean who wants a grocery store or Costco cake when you have this option??), they need a little work.On the plus side, the store is beautifully designed, warm and very well laid out. All the fillings, frostings and designs plus plain cupcakes are in plain view of the customer to make it even more appetizing.Secondly, the staff was top notch. Great customer service - I saw them answer some of stupidest questions from inane suburban mothers trying to appease their spoiled children with a warm smile and an earnest response.The only reason this place got 3 stars is the actual cupcake building. We ordered:1) Peanut Butter Madness (?) cupcake with peanut butter creme and peanut butter frosting with a Nutter Butter Peanut butter cookie on top (just to make sure we a had sugar coma later). The cupcake was dry, the filling was decent and the frosting was spot on fantastic.2) Lemon Strawberry Madness: a lemon cupcake with strawberry filling and frosting. Now you'd think this would've been a fantastic treat, but the cupcake just fell apart on us (very dry) and had no flavor. We were disappointed.My last comment is aesthetic. The frosting design was middle-of-the-road. There was no "height" to the cupcake (everyone on display was sunken, it should go at least to the top of the wrapper). I know Las Vegas' suburbs are very non-challenging (anyone notice all the strip malls?????). But man, this was just too plain. I guess I'm spoiled by the cupcake wars of Chicago & NY. In all, there's a lot of of potential and I hope they do well. I just don't see spending $3.25/cupcake for 20 people yet. But I will once I see that they can step it up just a tad on the cupcake's taste.I tried their red velvet cupcake with cream cheese flavored icing and white chocolate filling and a chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing and white chocolate filling.  The red velvet cake was very tasty and moist.  The inside filling was a nice treat.  The chocolate cake was also very moist and flavorful.  I was a little turned off by the frosting "technique" -hell, I can frost things that way (a squiggly line) but if I wanted to do that I could frost quite a few cupcakes for the $3.25 that I am paying for one.  Also, the decorations were sort of chintzy looking. The decorating area looked a bit cluttered (sort of a like a chuck e cheese prize window) but that is just me being anal...They did have samples which was a bonus.Side note - I had a mishap with one of the 'cakes - the lid popped off and the frosting got smooshed on the side of the bag.  At the next stoplight, the bag was completely grease coated!!  It was like magic!  it made me wonder how much butter/oil was in the gd thing!I would give them a try if you are in the neighborhood but don't make a special trip out there for them.Got these cupcakes for the BFF for her Birthday while in Vegas. They're really cute and topped with lots of frosting, which I'm not a big fan of.  However, I like how they make them fresh and put the frosting on after you order it.Would eat them again if they were given to me free. Otherwise, I'm sticking to Sprinkles baby!Coldstone for cupcakes.  Same price as Sprinkles too!  Yikes.  When did paying $3.25 for a cupcake sound like a good idea????I give it a 3.5.  We got the chocolate cupcake with white chocolate in and out and the lemon cupcake with strawberry filling.  Both were decent, freindly/helpful staff and the the West Elm atmosphere worked.Had a Red Velvet cupcake from them at the San Genaro Feast. It was good but nothing special. It was a little warm for a cupcake. Maybe because it was outside all day. I will go in the shop one day and update my review.Didn't I just walk out of the cupcake place and buy a whole 26 dollars worth of Cupcakes. That's actually 6 with a special decor. My Uncle was in the hopsickle up the street and we both have to have sweets. So I came on a mission. The place is kinda weird to get to. Its a matter of driving around and looking for it in the plaza.When I walked in it was one guy working...but only one customer. I decided on a 6 pack halloween style with lil ducks that were in costumes as my accessory. You get to pick different flavor cupcakes, different flavor fillings, then toppings, then accessories. I don't mind it but if there were more people there I'd be hella annoyed. But here I am...UHHHMMMMMMMM Let me get red velvet withhhh.......Uhmmmm Hmmm Vanil....no wait uhm...butter cream.......uh no I dunno....

2)  I have had some cleanliness concerns in the restroom.

WAGYU RIB EYE CAP* Snake River Farms Boise, Idaho 8 oz $52

but

Although her definition of a "Brazilian wax" is off, she is a super nice woman who seems to honestly care about her customers. I like the fact that she checks in with me and I feel like she really does want to be my friend. Also, her wax & technique don't hurt.Yummy, greasy food. Try their pulled pork poutine or one of their crazy burgers. Drinks are creatively served in mason jars, their white sangria is perfect for summer.  Decor and furniture are interesting, but their vegan menu is limited.Definitely not the place to go without an appetite! The food is junk food at its finest served in big greasy portions...and it's pretty delicious. The entrees are pretty generous - we split the mini cheeseburgers (3) which weren't that mini and the pogos which I would definitely recommend. The burgers are huge with pretty creative fillings and a great option for when you can't decide what to order on their very full menu. I had the pulled pork grilled cheese this time which comes with a huge bowl of really good fries and wasn't disappointed.Drink menu is pretty extensive and complete with mason jar drinks - I'm a big fan of their different sangrias and have yet to try one that I didn't enjoy. Service was friendly and efficient... Waitresses were friendly and made small talk as they came by.Service good.  Prime rib mediocre.  Nice atmosphere after gambling at casino.  Great lobster tail.This review is for Sunday brunch only:  We used to go to the Verona Chophouse several times a year for Sunday brunch.  We enjoyed the wide selection of items and the mellow atmosphere.  We went today partially to celebrate a birthday - and had requested a specific server in our reservation if she was available.  The server we had requested had been sent home because they were too slow (Verona Chophouse was always packed during the winter), so we were a little disappointed in that.  Cities Bar and Grille is a much more updated look, probably better suited for a casino. I'm not sure I like the lack of separation of the bar and restaurant.  You can sit and watch TV from the restaurant area.  We found the food very good and enjoyed everything we ate, but there are probably half the selections available that there were previously.  The server we did have was quite attentive and very pleasant.  Overall it was an enjoyable experience, but we missed having the wonderful choices of cheese, berries, the small desserts, and wider variety of entree items.  The salad was fine, but there was no vinaigrette choice for dressing.  If you're not a prime rib fan, you're there pretty much for breakfast.  The waffles were wonderful.4 stars for the food served here. 1 star for the service - apparently not enough waiters/ waitresses serve customers, and almost all of them are overloaded with the work here. My friends and I waited for more than half an hour to have all of our dishes on table. Manners are poor with some of the waiters. :( All in all, you may come here to have a taste of Lan Zhou noodles, however, don't expect more of the service here.Great place near the Concordia area for hand-pulled noodles (you can see the guy pulling them in the back of the restaurant, too). I'll agree with the reviewer who said that the soup doesn't have an impressive depth of flavor, but regardless, it is damn good. You get to select from a bunch of different noodle widths, I like the second widest flat ones. The portion sizes are generous so don't feel the need to get the large. I would also recommend the meat sandwiches (as a side dish).Service is fast and friendly, and there is lots more seating in the back area of the restaurant. I do like the lan zhou noodles at the restaurant in G&D in Chinatown better, but the space is so small, it's often hard to get a seat and even when I do, everyone is seated so close together I feel like I'm going to get hot broth spilled on me. At M. Trois, I can go with friends, have a conversation, enjoy my noodles in peace.Let me start by saying Mexican food is not my most favorite of cuisines. I came in here out of convenience and I wanted something fairly quick. They deliver on both counts. The food is acceptable. One person complained in another review the portions are too small for the money. I think Americans are brainwashed to believe we need to have super-sized portions in everything. Hence the obesity problem, but I digress...I ordered one grilled salmon taco. It was 4 bucks. It's salmon so it's bound to be a little more pricey, but I was ok with it. I also ordered a side of refried beans (1.49) and a 2 Oz side of guacamole (.99). I probably waited between 5 and 10 minutes.. The food came out pretty fast and it was a 6" double flour tortilla overflowing with salmon, mango and others bits. I put on some salsa and the guacamole, and it was hard to eat because there was so much stuff. The beans were tasty and an ample amount. Chipotle hands down has the best guacamole. The guac was ok. The only complaint I have is they stuck a bunch of wilted lettuce on the plate. It neither looked good or tasted good. Note to chef: If it looks bad, leave it off the plate. Thank you. I didn't feel like the portions were too small at all. I felt my hunger was satisfied. For what I got (taco, beans and guac) in spent 6.99. Not bad at all. Overall, I would come back. It's not a bad little joint. Cheers!I got the Macho Nachos with beef and a steak taco which is heavily over priced. The taco just lacked overall flavor. The beef in the Nachos was dry to my liking but the retried beans cheese made up for what could have been a disappointing dish. The salsas , red and green both were really toned down for someone like me enjoys a little heat as far as red sauce goes. This place I would recommend for a person who would shy away from a real deal Mexican hideaway. I gave it 3 stars for the comfortable environment . Peace!I've been a fan of Tia Rosas and I was thrilled when they opened another shop close by. I love their food and it's certainly 5 star worthy. However I felt the need to drop a few stars because  A) the guy you have serving food is a jerk and B)  I always get the same thing every time and have the last 4 times I've been in. Suddenly today I am charged $1.50 more?? I checked my receipt and it was right but a $1.50 price increase literally overnight?? And $1.99 for a basket of chips is ridiculous. I will still come but probably not as often now. Now I don't think it's worth it.It's back!  A decent place for sure, but certainly a few long standing quirks, that to me, make it 3 starts (average) over something that I would consider above average or exceptional.  Overall the food is good and despite some of the negative reviews of the staff, I find them to be friendly.  We go about 1-2 times a month, but for one reason or another not as much as before since the move.The quirks I find are ones that most people that join us all agree with as well.  Portions are a bit small for the prices and no "free" chips.  The other is the small plastic salsas that they will give out for free but are clearly protecting from waste so you find yourself having to get up from your meal to ask for time and time again.So with the quirks, how would I change this... First I would focus on making the portions about 1/4-1/3 bigger or add a small, but cheap side (beans, or rice) with any order. Then I would also offer a free chip bag on orders over $15.  Last I would have staff monitor the tables and offer salsa about every 5-10 minutes (come to us so we don't have to come to you). Remember this review isn't negative, but to be special, you have to offer something special.  Right now the food is good, but the nuances of the value for what you are getting make it seem... average.This "original" Tia Rosa is a conundrum because the food is good but the overall experience is confusing. Question to answer: are you a counter service restaurant or sit-down dining experience? Let me help:Counter Restaurant: walk up, order your own, pay for chips and salsa that are served in disposable bowls that are way too small for even the broken chips to dip. You expect this at a counter restaurant and come to accept it. Expect counter experience. Sit-Down: PRICIER but a willing exchange for the service, ceramic, glassware and maybe some fancy napkins or something.  Expect sit down prices with all the corners cut. In the end, I'd be much happier if you were priced like a counter restaurant. Good is good but overpriced. And give us a bowl that can fit a chip!Incredibly mediocre Mexican food at high prices. Strike one,  one they close at 9 PM, even on Friday & Saturday, what kind of a successful restaurant closes at 9 PM? Also, they are not open on Sundays. We were there at 8:30 pm  on a Saturday and there was a steady flow of customers, they could probably capitalize on being open until 10 or 11.

Strawberry shortcakeMisses:

 (We got charged for touching snacks but not eating them in our room but they did take care of it and refunded us)Casino C

We finally decided to take a chance and go to the 43rd Ave &Bethany Home

3. There are 3 options for donation: whole blood, plasma and double red cell. Anyone can donate whole blood, although it makes many people woozy. Plasma can be donated by anyone who has never been pregnant. Double red cell requires you to be at least 5'5" and 150+ pounds. The last two options are the easiest on your body.

Its funny..I thought I was the type of person who could handle something like this without issue but I guess not..This one features dissected  asian bodies.  Virtually all are men. The exhibit is looking a bit faded and worn. The disections highlighted muscles, nerves, blood vessels, reproductive, and digestive tracts.  One room also had fetuses at various stages of development.  One body showed corrective implants such as hip replacements.  There was a little bit on the effects of smoking and obesity.  Overall it was good but small.   Would have liked to have seen more variety in types of bodies in the exhibit (such as women, different sizes, different health problems, and different ages shown).  Also wanted to see the lymph system which was not shown.I am very interested in the medical field so i decided that this had to be an exhibit i needed to visit no matter what. My ticket was a package of $48 which also included a ticket to the titanic exhibit so i saved like $15. Everything was set up good and i liked the fun facts but i probably wouldnt go back. Dont get me wrong i liked it but its just one of those things that you will only visiit once. The gift shop was pretty cool.I would never pay full price for this exhibit, but with a Groupon, it was kind of worth it. I'd seen this exhibit before, and the information provided, as well as the actual views of the bodies (and fetuses) is certainly fascinating. However, it can be a lot to read, some of the medical jargon is difficult to interpret, and at the end, you really wish there were some interactive elements interspersed throughout. Perhaps because it's a lot to take in, or maybe because I have a horrible memory, I can hardly recall any of what I picked up in this exhibit.I guess, most prominently, this exhibit convinces you not to smoke (but I already knew that) and that there are some horrific diseases that you would like to avoid at all costs. Go once and bring your reading glasses.Bodies... the Exhibition. I'm starting to believe that once you've seen one or two, they're all pretty much the same. I recall seeing one a few years back in LA and it focused on the human heart. Of course, it touched upon the human anatomy in general as well. This Bodies Exhibit at the Luxor Hotel & Casino wasn't too different from that. As a first timer, I would say go for it. For $32 full price and you've seen it elsewhere, I may just pass it up. Granted I found tickets for half off the full admission price on the internet, so I was more inclined to check it out again. Plus, I thought it would've been different.No food, drinks, BATHROOMS, or photography which includes your iPhone 4s, HTCs, Samsungs, etc. The lady who scans your ticket gives you a final warning about how they're no restrooms during the exhibit so take her advice.I would say we zoomed through it pretty quickly. We attempted to read everything but it's like information overload. We probably got done with it in about an hour max. I can see people spending hours in here, reading every detail and examining all the models like a forensics expert. Also, it's eerily quiet like a library and I guess that's an unwritten law here. Everyone whispers.As I said, for your first time this may be a great experience. You'll see that it is quite informative and it does promote a healthier lifestyle. If you need to burn some time, then perhaps a good option. If you've been through a Bodies Exhibit elsewhere before, then go try your luck on the slots or even the Titanic exhibit next door. It just wasn't as impressive as the first time around.Is it true, are the donated human organs and bodies from the Chinese? That's a rumor I heard. Take a look at the eyes too; I was starting to see a pattern. Hmmmm???The exhibit: If you've never seen it before, it's worth having a look at because it really is fascinating. I love the exhibit, but it's a bit pricey ($35 per person) for a permanent show and they don't offer enough new stuff to get me to pay to keep coming back. If you have an M life card you can get $5 off and if you are going in a group, that can add up.  The staff:I will say that the people taking your picture out in front of it are really super rude. The girl seemed pretty upset that I didn't want a picture taken after she blocked our way and then she made us walk around her to get inside. I find it irritating in general that they are trying to sell you something right after you pay for a ticket and before you ever see anything (I find the idea of a posed photo at the bodies exhibit tacky) but if they are going to do it, they should consider at least getting people that aren't going to be rude about it.This sounds weird, but the bodies just looked old to me.... they needed dusted off or something. No matter what, it was amazing to get to see that, I just thought there would be more.  I also was disappointed that there were not more female bodies.  I think there was only one. Glad I went, but I have a feeling that the other body exhibit is better.The price is steep, locals get in for 32 bucks.  It takes about one hour to wander through, I could see some people turn a little green around the gills as we went through, especially in the fetus room.  Fascinating exhibit if you are in the medical/nursing/science field, not so much if you are not.Not long enough.  Otherwise great models and real items if the human body.While it was totally fun, I wanted more.  I felt like it was a bit sparse and empty.  I was still craving to see more and left feeling like - that was it?Any doctors, nurses, or other practitioners already know this stuff so they would be better off saving their money.This exhibit is more geared toward the average person (without a heavy Science background) wanting to learn about basic anatomy and the body.  It's a quick walk through, especially if you know Anatomy so the price ~$30 (with a discount) was a little steep.  I'd understand charging $20-22 for it, but anything beyond that seems a bit overpriced but hey, Education is Knowledge and Knowledge is Power - Yeah!There is a small gift shop afterwards where you can pick up awesome posters from $10-15.  Definitely worth it.Location: inside the Luxor, on the 2nd floor - go up the escalator from the ground floor of the main lobbyI've wanted to see Bodies for a few years, and finally had an opportunity to visit Vegas on a business trip (free trip, yay!)I didn't really pay much attention in Biology class while in school, and my exposure to the medical field is watching surgery shows on TLC.  That being said, I thought that, overall, this was a very fascinating exhibit.  I know people are squeamish about the 'baby' room (and truthfully, the older fetuses bothered me a bit, too) but it was very cool to see development from a mass of cells to an actual baby.  All of the various organs and what can happens...super interesting.   However, to throw some reality of an average non-medical person in the mix...it's been over a week and I still can't eat bacon, look at raw meat, or even think about eating meat on the bone.  At one point during the walk through, all I could think was, "sweet baby Jesus, what kind of person said to themselves, 'hey, let's skin a person and put their skin on display in a jaunty pose'?"I know I'm in the minority with that opinion on here, and I am A-OK with that!  And all that being said, I am very glad that I went to see it...but you couldn't pay me to go back.Didn't realize I never submitted this review that I wrote a couple years back. The exhibition still going on currently. We felt it was very good and educational too. We took our daughter here because she is interested in this kind of stuff.  Learned a lot about our bodies from how it looks to how it works. I think the part that affected us the most was the babies section.  While it was interesting to see it was very sad at the same time.  However I do appreciate that there are warnings if you choose not to view that part they show you to the nearest exit otherwise you can proceed at your wish.Bodies was a cool exhibit to attend in Las Vegas. Lots of cool FAQs and things to experience during this 45 minute walk through. The only down side for me was all the reading.I wouldn't go to Bodies again. But, I'm happy my girl friend and I went. TIP: Get the 3 attractions for 57.00 deal at the Luxor box office. That way you can see this and two other exhibits for one great price!This was absolutely incredible. I wish I would've went in with a notepad and paper to take notes. With each specimen, there was a detailed description of it and it's purposes and functions.One downside is you're not allowed to take pictures. To my disappointment I can see from yelp people have taken pictures anyway, but they don't do the real exhibits any justice.The most powerful exhibit for me was the fetal development exhibit. It was hard to see the infant bodies, but from a scientific perspective it was breath taking. One thing I will say is that I am totally against abortion to begin with. After seeing the fetus as it develops, even in the early weeks of gestation, you can still make out a tiny human being. Just makes my stance even more rock solid.

Maybe they thought  I was strange ....... because I ate alone

Wine - great selection but would you expect differentlyNest time I will judge it on the steaks.Let me start off by saying when you come to a place like this, the expectations are high, as they should be when Dinner is a $100 a plate. The service was excellent, the staff was prompt and attentive. We did not order any appetizers and dove right into our entrees. The bread selection was great, although the volcano sea salt on the butter  was a little gimmicky and didn't really provide much of a difference in flavor from regular toasted sea salt. My lady ordered the fillet, medium. It was prepared excellently, perfectly pink all the way through. It was delicious. I ordered the rib eye, medium. While being cooked well on the inside, it was very charred on the outside. To the point where every bite tasted like char. The steak generally lacked the flavor you would expect from a $56, 28 day dry aged rib eye. The sides were mediocre at best. The Mac and Cheese had the cheesiness and consistency of Easy Mac (with bread crumbs). The potato purée was ok as well, but nothing special.If you are looking for an exceptional steak experience in Vegas, I suggest Carnevino at the Palazzo. Their steaks as sides make Gordon Ramsay's Steak look like Outback Steakhouse.The restaurant is cool and the service is amazing, but if you're looking for the best steak in Vegas, go elsewhere.  The breads, appetizers and desserts are scrumptious, but I just couldn't get over the bland sides and average steak.  I had the stuffed baked potato and it was terrible.  The skin was so hard that it must've been cooked hours before and then microwaved before being served to me.  The cheese sauce was overly sweet and tasted a bit off.  The tempura green beans were bland.   There was nothing wrong with the steak, but it just didn't wow me.  I've had better steaks at home.  When I'm in Vegas, I go to Del Friscos.  Their steaks are always amazing!Lastly, I do not appreciate being told how to eat.  Two people in our party wanted to try the tasting menu, but we were told that either the whole table needed to order it or no one could.  That is ridiculous.  I am a paying customer, and I should be able to eat what I would like, when I would like.  Nicer restaurants should be more accommodating and have the ability to prepare different plates for each customer.I have been wanting to go to one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants for years!  So since I was planning a trip to Vegas anyway, I booked dinner there as well.  I was super excited!!! It's located in the Paris hotel and casino which is lovely and charming (unless you want to win money....in that case RUN away from Paris!). The restaurant itself looks lovely and modern. The waiter (I don't recall his name) was extremely pleasant, knowledgeable and helpful.  Although at times, he would get busy and we would be waiting 15-20 minutes for something.  It got pretty irritating.The food...I got the Beef Wellington and my sister got the Eggplant Wellington. Both were delicious!  The pricing?  Expensive...  I wanted to get the Ale Onion Soup...but at $18 a pop, I just couldn't bring myself to spend that much money for a little bowl of soup!  We also got the cheesecake dessert which also was expensive and it was about the size of my thumb...couldn't have been any smaller.In short, the food that we ordered was quite tasty but the prices were ridiculously high  and the service was often super slow.  That is why it only gets 3 stars.Saturday night for 6 people we didn't get a table until 10pm.  We we shoved in a hidden room meant for small banquets,  The decor was average  dark wood paneling etc. The staircase was sort of nice 26 stairs my friend counts stairs.  We started with 15$ drinks at the lounge.  The antioxident was very tasty with acai liquor and lemon,Three people ordered the wellington and we waited the 45 mins.  I don't love red meat but when in a steak house I can't eat the fukishima Pacific salmon can I?

I would expect my feelings about the food to vary with each visiting chef, but I was really surprised by how *bad* the food was the second time around.  When I told a friend in the local restaurant industry about our meal that night, he said, "Oh, my god.  You have no idea how nasty that kitchen is that they're working in."  Yikes.

       craw fish

For not having much alcohol in it.Lunch was great about a week ago....great food, even better desserts and yummy drinks. Great view right across the street from the Bellagio. I had a nice time sitting outside relaxing.The goblets are huge but overpriced. The gummy candy they put in there is usually rock hard by the time you try to eat it.The food isn't bad but not mind blowing either.They do have a good assortment of candy.I ordered an espresso & was disappointed in it.. Was literally about 1/2 ounce of liquid. Wasn't worth the cost.This place is cool, I ultimately came here for the drinks. But I did order some appetizers. FOOD: Deep friend mac & cheese and chips with spinach dip. The mac & cheese was pretty good, but I've had better. The chips & dip, is like regular chips & dip (but I do love spinach dip, so I was satisfied with what I ordered). DRINKS: I ordered a midori sour and a white gummy goblet.The midori sour was average, but that white gummy was very good. Next time I will order one and not split it ;) Overall, I would come back for the drinks and try & taste as many as I can.Nice atmosphere and fun to sit on patio but really average food. I had the ice cream sandwichYou'll all have seen Calton Hill at some point during your time in Edinburgh and like me you might feel the urge to go up and see what exactly is on this hill.  Once you reach the top the first impression is likely to be that you are reminded of a badly organised mantelpiece peppered with irrelevant ornaments that have been picked up on the owner's travels - some of them aren't even complete.  It does form a rather bizarre combination of landmarks.What does redeem it a little is the view on offer.  It does offer the very best view of Holyrood and the more historic parts of town, although there are better view of the whole town, most notably on the Royal Observatory hill.What can I say, it's one of the few gluten free places in Terminal B.  As far as the Taste, very genetic soft gelato that isn't fresh but will do in a pinch.  Very pricey.Other than a restaurant that serves some Gelato Desserts (like "Copper" in Dilworth) this is probably the best Gelato in Charlotte (currently) unfortunately that says there is very little Gelato in Charlotte and most of it is poor!Crazy for Gelato - OK I would be very careful acting as myself in any Airport and maybe it was good that this Gelato was NOT one of the Best I have tasted... Right now in Charlotte the options for Gelato are seriously LIMITED... This time I won't say too much about the Men in White, so the Boys in Black or Blue are not after me too!Gelato with the TSA? No!  Gelato in Baggage Claim (see photo later today)!  My Girlfriend called me to see what flavors sounded good so she picked up a Waffle Cone and met me in Baggage Claim...Banana and Pineapple!  Hummm The Banana had a good Banana flavor though LACKED richness that I want in Gelato, it was too icy!  The Pineapple tasted like Vanilla Ice Milk!  It was not very good even compared to Vanilla Ice Cream!Banana Gelato gets 3 yelp starsPineapple Gelato gets 1 yelp star which means my review star rating is GENEROUS!Good quality tinting and good pricing, but out of the 4 vehicles we've had tinted here 3 of them have taken substantially longer than originally quoted.Making an appointment, being told a time and then having that go over by 250% is pretty bad. A 2 hour appointment ended up taking 4.5 hours, and the most frustrating part was this repeating, "When is it ready?" "Any minute now".The tint is good, installed well, but just leave the car for the day and forget about it. Ignore what they're saying about the scheduling.Today I had an appointment at noon. We had the car there on time. The lady at the front desk was very nice and told us all about the work they do,and even showed us examples of cars outside. We were told 3 hours, called around 4:15pm and they said come at 5:00pm. I didn't get my car until 6:05pm. I would rate higher if they would've called and said it was going to be longer. Good thing we had another car so we could do our errands.I went downtown to hang out with some friends.  I don't really get to go to Freemont St. that often so I was happy that I would be able to try out this place.  Reading over the reviews for some time has me really intrigued.  First I did when we finished parking is seek out Vato Cigars.  This place is tucked away in Binions.  My friend and I were greeted by Paul Vato and his wife.  They were really friendly. I immediately told them that I found them through Yelp.  They suggested the Kansas Twister a medium bodied stick.  I have to admit that I cam into this place to just be blown away!  When you have so many great reviews.  I thought the cigar was ok.  The end started to unravel about half way though.  I probably would of enjoyed this more if I was parked in a comfy chair.  We were walking around so I couldn't really savor it.  The prices were a little higher than I expected.  These are handmade there in the store I believe.  I paid about $15 for the cigar, which isn't terrible.  So I will come back, but I will probably try something else and then sit down at the bar next door.  This is one of those place that is probably a big tourist trap but worth stopping.   Either way the Vato's are pretty friendly.  Cheers!Great staff and an decent selection in cigars.  My boyfriend and I randomly walked by and decided to buy a cigar so we can smoke it while walking in Downtown.  We got a good cigar for a resonable price but we weren't a big fan of the cigar.  We would probably go back but maybe splurge a little bit to get a better smoke.We were walking Fremont street and I was directed to this cigar shop inside Binion's when I asked where I could get a cigar. The place is small but the man was efficient. I asked for an inexpensive cigar. He offered a $10.99 cigar and I took it. He cut and lit it for me. He was fast, treated me very well, and was very friendly. Recommended if you want a cigar while you are having fun on Fremont street.Great placePaul Vato made good on this purchase. He upgraded the item I selected and added a couple extras (complimentary)  to make amends for the lack of communication and delay with my order.My guy likes cigars and I bookmarked this for him. We stopped in to purchase a couple of cigars. My guy wasn't too impressed by them.Let's be honest here, these are not the happiest looking people working here.  There are no chirpy greetings. Everything is very matter of fact. However, what they lack in cheery spirit they compensate in efficiency. When modern day slavery aka job keeps one (aka me) at work past normal nail shop hours, mall is the only way to go.  Get there by 8:30pm at the latest, or they are likely to tell you to get lost.  Located right outside of Macy's, the place has plenty pedicure chairs and technicians.  Be warned: park at the lot outside of food court so you can get to your car the easiest after all other exits are closed off when you get out at 9:05. The doors at food court stays unlocked the latest for cleaning crews. You can thank me later :)Polish color choices are on the slim side.  But they generally do good work on my nails.  And after you have been there a few times, who knows, they may actually give you a smile.So, while I was waiting for my lenses to be replaced at Lenscrafter, and not wanting to shop, I thought I would get a manicure & checked out the newly designed, and relocated Avalon Nails. I arrived @ 1:45 and wasn't seated immediately. The service was attentive and the manicurist removed all new utensils from a sealed bag, a nice treat. We discussed what I wanted and she did a great job. The new decor, a little trendier and elegant, even a chandelier, from their previous location. The manicure included a file, cuticle cleaning, cuticle oil, and a great lotion massage. I also had broken two nails so they were nice to accommodate a filling option. Overall, it was a nice experience & a definite treat while I had an hour to spare at the mall without shopping. I would rather spend $20 getting a manicure instead of $200 on clothes I do not need, ha ha!My two favorite nail technicians have left so I was reluctant to go in. I've been back twice in the last several month and I was okay with the visits. Sometimes the wait is too long and then the service gets rushed. There is absolutely no real waiting area so if you're not getting a pedi or have your fingernails services well, you're standing or having to come back hoping you don't get bumped.Ok, so I've not had a need or desire for a stereo upgrade or A/V upgrade to my vehicle in a long, long time.  I know Freeman's based on the fact they've been in this location for years.  I stopped in to get a radar detector installed and hardwired into my car.  Upon entering I was greeted by friendly service and that was nice but the most critical part of installs is timing and time management.  If you tell me an hour I expect it.  It wasn't horrible but the install took longer than I thought it should have.  I was told an hour but it was about 50% over that.  That's a bad margin in any business.  Oh well, it was installed and I went on my way.I had a little need for a pedicure and was in the neighborhood. Used my yelp app for recommended places and. Nancy's had some great reviews. My "demands" for pedicures are much different than for a girl. I'd say what sets them apart (for the few I've had) or the leg scrubs/massages. I thought the place was clean, the pedicure ok and nothing amazing and the leg scrub wasn't something that would make me want to return but all in all a place I could recommend if you need to go somewhere and other nearby locations are too busy.My 3 year old LOVES this place!  It is smaller and there seems to not be as many "big kids" running around.  My "big kids (7 and 6) get easily bored here though.  I would recommend it for kids 5 and under not so much for anyone much older than that.We were here for a birthday party.  Our 2 year old had a great time on the different bounce houses.  They have a seperate area for toddlers that has a smaller bounce house.Ermahgerd! I got the Antep sandwich and lost my mind. It's so smokey and delicious. The meat melted in my mouth. The tatsziki is creamy with just the right amount of dill. You guys, this is a sandwich epiphany.  Please go here immediately. You will be soooooo happy.Side note: you're gonna want to give yourself a day to recover. It's pretty heavy.Food was good, though I wasn't impressed with the quality of the lamb. The guy operating the cash register was a huge jerk (maybe because I'm a foreigner?) and he rounded down my change to the nearest dollar... Atmosphere was fine, nothing special. It's not super cheap either, about $10 for a sandwich. Go for it if you're a sandwich/kebab fan, otherwise try something else.The chicken sandwich was pretty good and juicy but lacking in some flavor. The bread was very fresh and soft. The chicken platter was not too bad. The sauces were okay.I had a lamb sandwich. I think it could better if coming with more spices or more marinated. 10 dollar per a sandwich only. I think the price is OK but I may find a better place with more choices.Nice decor.  Probably a place that I may meet a friend for coffee.  Service was just OK.  The coffee drinks (I ordered a nonfat iced mocha, husband had a nonfat iced hazelnut latte) were actually quite good.  I also had my 2 kids in tow this afternoon, each ordered a chocolate milk.  I had to go back to the counter after waiting over 15 minutes for the kids' drinks.  Seems as though they brought the 2 choc. milks to another table????  Guy in back of counter making coffee was annoyed....gave cashier an attitude and told her to make the drinks because he made them already??

The hostess and the waitress were very sweet. The waitress was a cute brunette who kept touching my shoulders every time she came by. I was hoping we could take her home with us as she looked very delicious!!

-My biggest issue was that I ordered the pizza well done and it came not even done to a normal standard. Soggy and limp..my worst pizza nightmare. If I had an oven at the hotel it would have not been a big deal, but no dice.I would have much rather waited another 20 minutes to have a correct pizza delivered than them rushing it out the door.Will give it another shot, but Vinni...WTF?Ordered off of the Eat24 app.My order:

While it was a nice (yet, too warm) night, a strange staff member (or volunteer?) bounced out from behind the stage and approached me and lightly touched my hands as if to empathically say, "oh, you didn't have to do that."  Huh, I didn't understand a word he said nor could I see his lips (the music was loud) so I ignored him.  Several minutes later, he bounced back to give me the similar message and I brushed him off as if to signal he was blocking my view.  Weird, and I was just sitting there!  Not only that, several minutes later, another (unkempt) staff member / volunteer (the one mopping the stage during 'intermission'- what was that about also?) approached a woman near me and appeared to be stern as he spoke to her, as if she lit a cigarette and he was instructing her to put it out.  I asked her what he said to her and she embarrassingly shrugged and appeared mortified.  She was just sitting there.  What the heck did they want??  It gave off a cryptic vibe.  I think it's better I have no idea what they wanted then.  I will notify Ballet AZ about them because their actions were uncalled for- this is a free-for-all public park and we could do what we wanted.  Why didn't they tell those irritating little girls to go 'dance' in the back and not disrupt the front the stage instead of bothering grown women??  Scared much of a negative reaction from lazy parents; yet, not scared of what we grown single women were capable of reacting?

The food - Hits and misses, which i'll get to.

The sangria was okay as well. It tastes better the longer you leave it out and have the ice mix in. Maybe a little too strong for my taste.

-bad shower design. I had turned on the little shower head and did not notice that it flooded the whole bathroom because the water stopper was too low.-there was a cricket chirping outside our room on the 10th floor!!!! it was soo loud. i didn't let my bf kill it so we called the front desk.Overall, maybe we just got a shit room because we paid shit for it. I would stay here again but also be very adamant that I get comped for any unpleasantries.The Grand is a great value if you book with a promotional code.  I don't regret staying here at all, but there are a few things that bugged me that will lead me to shell out some more money for a newer hotel next time I go to Vegas.- They ran out of the room I requested, so I had to negotiate for a cheap upgrade to a suite.  I know this happens all the time, but it still pisses me off. - Casino is pretty smoky, not necessarily because people are actively smoking but probably because it's an older casino.  It definitely isn't as bad as others.- No thermostat in the room.  You could adjust the fan to "on or off" and "heat or cold".  Basically you were either hot or it was painfully dry in the room. - The showers in my room can't vary the level of water pressure.  Not everyone likes their water to shoot out at full speed!  I had no problem, however, with getting hot water.- Last, but not least, the walls are VERY VERY thin.  I could hear my neighbor's conversations.One tip -- because the Grand is on one end of the Strip, I'd recommend buying a Monorail pass for a day w/ unlimited rides if you know you're going to be going back and forth from the Grand to other parts of the strip.  http://www.lvmonorail.com/Is this place the Holiday Inn of Las Vegas?    I really didnt care for my overall experience here.  It was nice, but middle of the pack to be sure compared to other Vegas hotels.  In terms of pricing I would call the weekdays cheap and the weekends expensive, which all in all averages out to fairly priced I suppose.  The gaming area is fine, although there were a few weeknights Tuesday/Wednesday when I felt they didnt have enough tables open (i.e. many players standing around waiting for a spot even though there were empty non-used tables around).   We actually LEFT and went to another casino just so we could play.  The sportsbook is very clean, big, and nice and the breakfast at the Studio Cafe was very good, although pretty expensive.  All in all, MGM is a decent place, but I dont think it does anything so outstanding to merit more than 3 stars.I've stayed here three times.  Twice in regular rooms and once in a suite.  One of the regular rooms was in the new tower (west wing?) and it was nice.  The other rooms definitely showed their age - the rooms felt...dated and cheap, like a cheap chain hotel.I especially like the Starbucks and the humongous public bathrooms in the lobby.The MGM is huge and certainly impressive with the live animals and history. However, it is quickly losing it's luster to all the other more glittery, themed casinos that keep popping up. I had lunch at the rainforest cafe and it was pretty standard burgers an salads type deal (not unlike ordering from Applebees or Ruby Tuesdays). There's lots of little shops and inside the main lobby there is a large habitat with white tigers. You may think this is cool, I firmly do not. i am staunchly afraid of large, carnivorous animals that have the ability to ingest me. Obviously i was a gazelle or zebra in a past life because the mere sight of them sent me running to the other side of the room. **(UPDATE: One of those scary bastards just attacked someone in spring of 2010 at the MGM. Who's silly for thinking them frightening instead of cool now? That's right.)***The saving grace, as far as I am concerned, is Studio 54 where there are the sky dancers who hang from the ceiling and dancers who perform on lighted pedestals. Every time I have gone to Vegas I have stopped there because it is such a good time and that's me talking, not the six vodka and cranberries I had.My friend and I met someone for dinner so I did get to sneak a peek at the rooms, nothing special really, exactly like a Comfort Inn. Also, I was informed by the occupant that because of the outside lighting (take a look at any picture of this casino) the room permanently glows ooze green at all times, it looked like someone needed to call Ghostbusters.Overall, great place to VISIT but I'd suggest actually staying at another casino.I was in Vegas about a month ago for work and stayed at the MGM Grand. The room was one of the nicest and tricked out I have ever stayed in. My mirror in the bathroom had a tv built into it for christ sake!-1 for my shower flooding and -1 for keeping me at the Poker table longer than I wanted to.I did come here for work and had no intention on gambling. Walking thru the Casino I couldnt help myself so I showed a co-worker how to make $20 turn into $40, $40 into $80, and so on... I ended up playing craps, three card poker, war, and 1-2 Poker. I only pulled $20 out of pocket and by the time I had headed to my room I had about $420 in hand. On the way to my room was the Poker area so I stopped in. Sat for about 2 hours and ended up only taking $320 of my previous winnings back to my room.Im not a crazy gambler but it can be fun when you only have to come out of pocket $20.I would give this place 4 stars for the room alone because the beds are amazingly comfortable, they give you everything you need including a blowdryer, and it's just a warm, welcoming atmosphere from the moment you walk into the lobby and into the casino area.  Nice and spacious unlike New York, New York, which I can't stand.However, the customer service here is horrible!  I told my friends that these people are in the customer service industry and really should learn how to treat their guests.  The person at the registration desk was god awful.  She did not smile one bit, and even though we were here for a bachelorette party (which was pretty obvious since we were all wearing matching shirts and the bride to be was wearing a ridiculous feather boa), she was not accommodating at all.  We inquired about a room upgrade if possible but instead of even trying to check for us, she automatically responded with a curt NO.  Again, not even a smile or look of apology.  ::virtual slap::Anyway, our experience doesn't get much better.  The night before we checked out called concierge to see if we could request a late check out.  They said to call back in the morning cuz they won't know then abruptly hung up on us.  Uhhh is that how you treat your guests?  We called again in the morning and they responded with a curt NO and hung up on us again.MGM needs to do a staff overhaul and hire people who actually know something about customer service.I recently stayed at the MGM for 3 nights. The news reported that visitors to Las Vegas is at an all time low. I figured I take advantage of this fact because I don't like large crowds. My girlfriend researched promo codes online and found us a rate for the hotel of around $69.00 a night. That also came with a meal credit and two cocktails at a bar. The rate was really good for what we got. I give this 3 stars because this rate is the exception and not the norm. If I was able to always get this price, I would have given the hotel 4 or even 5 stars for the value but I'm rating this on the average rate of $120+ dollars a night. The room was very average. A very long distance to the room from the elevator and it took forever to go up or down 27 stories. We wanted a refrigerator and asked for one. They said they would charge extra for the convenience. I also asked for a complimentary inter tube for the lazy river pool. I couldn't see spending $16.00 X2 for a freaking tube I'd use for 20 mins. They refused to budge on the price of the fridge or the  tube. I also asked for free room internet connection. Another NO. Now... when visitors to Las Vegas are at an all time low, why not give up a few things that won't cost the hotel anything just to make the customer happy. I know I being picky but when I go to Vegas, I often ask for comps and I usually get them. This hotel was tight fisted with everything. Dinner at Wolfgang Pucks was great. The service was nice and the meal credit worked at the location. The martinis in the West Wing Bar was excellent as well. We had a credit for two free drinks at the bar because of the room promotion. When we went to the bar, they were  having a two for one promotion. So, we ordered two drinks (free because of the room promotion) and then asked for two more because of the bar promotion, that was another NO even though we just wanted water. Table service in the casino was awful. I sat at the blackjack table for a long time before we could get any drinks. Tight fisted Casino/Hotel. We walked across to the Hooters Hotel/Casino and got drinks easily and had fun with friendly dealers. I lost my money having fun at Hooters and not at the tight fisted MGM. PS... don't knock Hooters unless you've been there. I'm not suggesting you avoid the MGM Grand, I'm just suggesting you get a great deal before deciding to stay there because they ain't going to give you anything above average.We got a bungalow queen suite. I was really excited because we got a suite. I have stayed at Paris, Venetian, and Ballys' in a regular room. I thought since we had the suite it would be bigger. When i arrived at teh hotel........ WTF!!! The room looks like a regular room in paris. I should of got a room at Paris for cheaper. hahahah. Only one bathroom. It said separate bath and shower so i'm thinking there should be two separate bathroom. Nope!!! I was not happy. Their was no separate entertainment room. The beds were in one big opening. So small we didn't have much room. We had 6 girls in one room. WHATEVER!!! Misleading website. I had better experience than this.Too bad i didn't have a picture of the room. hahaha. i'll show you guys what i mean..........The pool area is awesome!  Nice little pool area for little kids.  To rent a floating device for the lazy river ($16).  Just bring your own!  Breakfast at the cafe was not as good as Denny's or IHOP.  We ordered 2 meals: pancakes and an egg, bacon, sausage, toast plate, and a side of fresh fruit.... $70 !!!  What a rip off!  The Lion Habitat, they were always sleeping!  The room, I thought it would be "Grand", but it was just okay.  Nothing spectacular.  The Venetian has way better and bigger rooms.Solid, huge hotel.  Our room was in the updated "west wing," which gets you modern-styled amenities and a small, porthole-like window.Lots of dining and lounging choices, with a massive casino and sports book to boot.  There's not much to dislike here, a genuine Vegas Strip experience.  Very convenient, obviously, if you're in town for an event at the arena.Feel like getting lost in your own hotel?  Then go to MGM Grand!  It's humongo.  The staff is so nice and helpful.  The rooms are spacious and clean.  There's a separate pool for children--yeah that's right--keep em corraled.  The pool is clean and not deep enough for me to drown in.  The casino is loud and gaudy and typical Vegas.  The entertainment is typical as well.It's an affordable way to take a vacay.We kind of got jacked around from the start - there were four of us, and we reserved a room with two queen beds.  When we got to our room, our suitcases were waiting for us in a room that had one king-sized bed and one couch.  Calling down to the front desk immediately, the conversation went kind of like this - Us: we were not given the room we reserved.  We would like you to remedy the situation.  Them: we gave you a complimentary upgrade.  [Translation: Either there are not any rooms with two queen beds available or we are too lazy to find any].  You're welcome for upgrading your room.  Us: I'm sorry, this is not going to work.  Let me talk to someone who understands words.After being passed to three people, we found someone who understood the situation and we finally were given the correct room.  But without a fridge - I couldn't believe it!  And one remote for two TVs.  Hmm.  I never actually slept in the bed all weekend, but it looked comfortable.  The two showers were nice, and there was a massive sink area, another plus.The hotel itself was larger than some small towns.  It was immense.  By the end of the weekend though, I could easily maneuver it.  Bonus - the casino didn't smell over-perfumey or smell like smoke, which was nice since I walked through it frequently (but didn't gamble).  There were lots of bathrooms everywhere, another plus since you're drinking lots (of water) since it's so dry in Vegas.Rooms were nice and the beds were comfortable but keep in mind they are only full size beds in double bed rooms.  They are very strict when it comes to access to the hotel rooms and they even patrol the hallways.  I saw a bunch of families here.  If you want a more adult crowd the Hard Rock / Palms might be good for you.I'd stay here again if the price is right.  If you are into the night life you are probably better staying at Caesar' for Pure, Venetian for Tao so it's easier to get in, go back to the hotel room for a break or just get back to the room.I got a great deal on a room here for Labor Day. The rooms were nice, although the walls were paper thin. Our neighbors were partying their a$$es off in their room and I had to call security. Sorry- go to the club, come on now.The hotel and casino are gigantic- my mom kept getting lost. While that was amusing, it got annoying trying to explain to her that the "Shakin' Bacon" slot machine was near the lobby, and not near one of the two Starbucks.There are a bunch of nice restaurants in the MGM Grand and the pool is pretty nice. Overall, I'd stay here again if it was cheap and if they turn the AC down a notch. Let's just say that everyone's headlights are on in the MGM Grand.No complaints. Stayed here over 4th of July weekend and the price was still reasonable.The location was good and the room was perfectly fine, nothing great. It would've been awesome to stay at the Wynn or Bellagio of course but when you are in Vegas it doesn't really matter that much since hopefully you are only in your room when you are getting ready or napping! I would stay here again.Big hotel, HUGE Lobby.

- Hamachi sashimi w/ jalapeños and ponzu - delicious

Overall, the food wasn't very good, the service was great, and the patio and location are terrific.My friends and I decided to try this restaurant for breakfast after hearing great reviews. Overall, the food and service was great. However, they brought my friend the wrong entree. She still loved the one they brought, so they took her coffee and her husband's coffee off of the bill. As we were paying the bill, one of the servers was clearing the table next to us and a glass shattered on the ground, sending shards towards myself and another guy at our table. I ended up with a cut on my leg that was bleeding for several minutes as they sent a manager over. I told them I was fine, which I was. However, I found it a bit disappointing that  my calm response was met with no offer to make it right. Especially when they offered a discount after simply bringing someone the wrong entree. After all, if I had made a big deal out of it, they probably would have at least offered to discount the bill. Seems like only bad behavior is rewarded these days.Mon Ami Gabi is far from being a FRENCH Steackhouse as they like to advertise but it is a descent but expensive American diner. As we sat, we were offered ice cold water and a French baguette and butter. Delicious, but I didn't have a bread plate... I wanted green tea, but they didn't have any so I just had water. My guest had a $14 mimosa... Better sip it slowly.We shared the escargot dish and my friend had the quiche Loraine and I had the tagine and though it was huge, it wasn't great.When my guest got his coffee it was delivered without a spoon and we had to ask for it.The waitress was either careless or it was just a coincidence, but I wasn't thrilled by the service and only once I paid my $77 lunch bill, I realized that the restaurant isn't part of the Paris hotel property so you don't get points and you can't even use your reward card.I highly suggest to eat inside as you get the AC and still enjoy a nice view of the Bellagio.Overall I thought the staff was just a bunch of young inexperienced girls that couldn't care less about their customers. Maybe you have to be drunk to truly appreciate this restaurant.We came here for a bachelorette party brunch and had high hopes for this place. We mainly focused on the seafood section and was left disappointed. *Food*

Everything I was looking for.The Bad

Fast Service, even during lunch rush

SERVICE: 5 STARS- Attentive ( as only guest-maybe had more 'check-ins')

had the burrito and ordered the mildest one as i was unsure how hot it may/may not be.

Bring cash. Cash only. No one cares about your black card or points so you can fly to Honolulu and be painfully tacky with your ugly shirt. YMMV.Auditorium #1: new seats, bizarre platform at entrance.Auditorium #2: ibid.Auditorium #3: never been in there.Pro Tip:

TODAY'S SASHIMI/TARTARE (TUNA POKE): This was just okay. Poke was oddly seasoned with large chunks of onion and a lot of spice, rather than the citrus-garlic-ponzu punch I'd been anticipating. It was really fresh though.

-Most girls get in for free

Nothing special about the Pulled Pork Sandwich or Sweet Potato Fries.Decent amount of Pork in Sandwich & good flavor but easily forgettable.

-They'll buy your lightly used items  either give you 30% of the selling price in cash or 50% of the selling price in trade.-The employees are friendly.

Cost - cheapOverall - I'd eat here again, but maybe try one of their specialties instead of the tacos.I really liked the food but don't expect to see a burrito or chimichanga on the menu.

Sooo good with an Egg or two{ you pay extra for eggs, really!} $12.00 It was not bad, Pork was very good, not enough of it, ham is ham, plenty of that of course. Lots of cheese on a mound of hash browns. Even with the two eggs I added, still, very dry. In the end, its to much potatoes. There is no breakfast that comes with Pancakes, eggs, bacon/sausage. You can substitute  or add but always an added cost. Iced tea , $2.00 each. So my bill before tip, $42.85, a bit on the high side.So, I have mixed feelings. My wife loved hers, and my son as well.... yes , we will be coming back. I will try something else. Our server, Liz was great! She made some recommendations, that my wife took, and loved. Iced tea always filled, other staff very help full. I know what your thinking, you think I really love this place, and I am very close to loving it. IIm old school, like my breakfast in a relaxing place. I will try them again, and if it warrant's it I will raise the rating.  Downtown Gilbert is now the place to be, so expect crowds, and expect to have to park and walk a little bit, but walking is good for us all! Weekends can be crazy here or any other eatery in this area. My wife and son give them a big "Woo Hoo", but I have to give them a "Woo- Doh!". Have a great visit, eat well!If you like salmon try the Benny Goodman. It is awesome. I know this place is eco-friendly but this is Arizona - get a misting system on your patio or you are going to be sued for people and dogs dying waiting on their food.  The shade on the patio area is extreme inadequate,First time here. Friendly staff and cool, retro decor (think Jetsons) and an interesting menu with some unique takes on breakfast and lunch standards.Our Initial overall reaction was very positive, but almost immediately after sitting down it became apparent the restaurant is EXTREMELY NOISY (yes I'm yelling with ALL CAPS because in Snooze it's the only way to be heard). Why do restaurant designers decide to go all hard surface. We had to raise our voices, as did our server, just to ask questions and place our order. Really uncomfortable and virtually impossible to carry on a normal, relaxed conversation. FYI, it was mid-week late morning, so I'd hate to hear what it's like when really busy. Giving them the benefit of the doubt, perhaps where we sat was the focal point and other locations in the restaurant will be a bit quieter. If you're bothered by high sound levels, be sure to come when Snooze isn't busy and/or ask for the quietest spot in the restaurant.On the positive side, our server was excellent. Very friendly and helpful, taking her time explaining many of the dishes to us newbies and giving us some helpful suggestions. The food was very tasty. I enjoyed the Huevos Rancheros and my wife had an Eggs Benny Duo of Chile Verde Benny and Chilaquiles Benedict.Everything was hot and flavorful with a new twist on old standards,. While less food for the money and perhaps not as fulfilling as some of our other favorite places,  we'll definitely come back whenever we want something unique and different for breakfast as there are some fantastic sounding items on their menu we want to try. We were also impressed enough that we'll try them for lunch. The only thing keeping us from making this a frequent place will be the extreme noise level. Perhaps when the weather cools off we'll ask for the patio, but then we'd miss out on all the neat retro decor. Ahhh... life is just full of sacrifices.Your food is just as scrumptious here as at any of your other locations. I get that you're new and working out a few of the kinks. Let me help you... Dude at the welcome station wrote down my phone number for texting incorrectly - twice. So we waited an extra 15 minutes until someone else was smart enough to call out our name. Your servers are quite inattentive. I'd like my water refreshed, I'd like my coffee refreshed, I'd like someone to ask how I'm doing. Snap it up folks - good food calls me back, but inferior service sends me down the street.Waited an hour yesterday for a good breakfast...not great by any standard and certainly not worth the wait.  We agreed that if we go back and if there's a wait more than 10 minutes, we'll walk down to Liberty Market or Farmhouse for a better dining experience.My wife had the corned beef hash and I had the reuben sandwich, both of which were OK but nothing special at all.  The staff was extremely friendly and the atmosphere inside is loud, so be prepared for really good service, pretty good food and lots of noise.Service was subpar. Food presentation was good, but taste wasn't as good as presentation.  I had the Bella Bella Benny and all I could taste was hollandaise sauce. They also need to invest in some misters outside.Came in and was seated right away. Waitress brought us water and it took her another 15 minutes to come back and take our order. Once our order was placed it took 30-40 minutes for our food to show up. Sitting now for about an hour and no food. Once the food arrived it was really good!I had to stop another waitress to fill up my empty water glass. Finally after being here for an hour and a half ,if not more, I flagged our waitress down with my credit card. Our service and wait time REALLY sucked!!! But the food was so good we will have to come back and give it another shot. Annnnd now I am 40 minutes late to a meeting. #awesomeBreakfast was good but don't go if you have plans shortly after. We got there around 8am and we waited 45 minutes - an hour for a table although we were told 20-30 minutes. Once we sat down our server was great and the food came out quick.The staff was helpful, attentive, and friendly. The delicious food and drinks made up for the noise level. We could barely talk to each other across the table. Not the place for a meeting unless you sit outside.Decent food, but way overpriced. 3 eggs, sausage, hash browns and toast with a coffee was almost $14. The food was tasty but nothing special. Atmosphere was nice and waitress' were friendly.Tried the Gilbert location of Snooze this morning. Hostess passed us over for seating so our wait was super long. Why are all the new restaurants built without any sound absorbing material? It was so noisy inside the server couldn't even hear my order. I like that they have items on their menu that other restaurants don't, like corned beef hash and blueberry pancakes with lemon custard. Friendly and attentive server and meal overall was good. If I eat there again I'll sit on the patio...just too noisy inside. Who wants to have to yell to have a conversation? Coffee not very good either.Seems like a nice place.  Kind of noisy.  My eggs and toast were cold but hashbrowns were good. My husband had the Sandwich I Am....very goodI ate at Snooze for the first time on Sunday, and enjoyed the experience. I love all of the little restaurants in the downtown Gilbert area, and Snooze is a great addition. The atmosphere is great, and the service is good! We went early so we were seated right away, but as we were leaving there seemed to be a little wait. The reason I am giving 3 stars is because the breakfast burrito I ordered was VERY spicy, so much so that I did not eat much of it. The server really wanted to take it back and give  me something else, but I really do not like to do that or waste food, so I brought the rest home. There should be a warning in the menu about how spicy it is! Our server said a lot of people have been saying that recently, so hopefully they do! I plan to come back and try it again because my Mom loved her pancakes, and I really want to try one of the morning cocktails!Was disappointed.  The wait is "Long"..not enough room inside for people waiting so the stand around and too close to those who are already eating at tables. The food is "just Ok'. My eggs were slightly runny and the hash brown potatoes were not  very good  The bacon is excellent.  Will not be returning to this eatery.Visited for the first time last Sunday.  I had high expectations based on a neighbor's referral.  My first impression was highly favorable.  After studying the menu I realized that the prices were a little higher than other local breakfast-oriented restaurants.  On top of that, breakfast meat was not included in most of the menu items, you can add it for an additional charge.  So even more pricey than local competitors.  My wife ordered a French Toast item with Nutella.  She thoroughly enjoyed it.  I ordered the Breakfast Burrito.  Based on another review I ordered the Hash Browns on the side.  The Hash Browns were lukewarm.  The Burrito was less than lukewarm.  It was supposed to have Black Beans, Eggs, Cheese with a Green Sauce topping.  It was probably 95% Black Beans so the taste was very bland.  Thank goodness it was smothered with Green Sauce.  It is back to the Farmhouse Restaurant on Sunday mornings for us.First impression: girl who greeted and sat us looked like she just rolled out of bed and hadn't brushed her hair for a few days. Floor under our table was dirty. Some food was good; some was just ok. Enjoyed the BLT type sandwich but hash browns were lacking.The food was the greatest part of this place and possibly the only thing that would bring us back. For me anything local, farm grown or organic is a plus and this wide menu offered that. It tasted delicious.My boyfriend had three eggs with sausage (larger than expected) and I had two Benedict one regular, one caprese. Both were delectable. If you like hash browns you would love theirs, crunchy and fresh, no need for ketchup. He ordered a screwdriver which he found was bland and I had the coffee Cosmo which was tasty.The atmosphere was retro with 70s music, although well done there was a lack of sound barrier. There were no misters outside so eating out there wasn't an option, and waiting was a bit sweaty due to their small wait area. The bar was small with limited seating. We ended up sitting inside on the back section. We were surrounded by several kids and the room was quite loud between conversations, kids yelling and the music. Dimmed our experience. Finally our waitress, this place closes at two so I imagine she was tired when we came in at 1230. She was pleasantly concerned about our drinks but disappeared after ordering and we didn't see her till she dropped the check off after someone had come to grab our plates. The other staff seemed pleasant, quick to clean tables, efficient and they use a service that texts you for your table which is convenient. Next time we will probably do take out.If the wait is going to be an hour... they should tell you it is going to be an hour! My girlfriend and I got together Saturday morning and decided to try Snooze for the first time since we had both previously gone with our husbands but declined to wait on the very long line.  We went early in hopes of avoiding a long wait.  When we arrived, it was busy, but not crazy.  There were several open tables and we thought the line would move quickly.  When we put our name on the list we were advised it would be a 25-35 minute wait.  Ok, not too bad. We opted for "first available" seating as it was still early and cool enough outside. After about 50 minutes, I approached the hostess to check on our time.  She acknowledged that we were past our stated wait time and said "Oh, I'm sorry, that was my fault, but there are still 4 people ahead of you."  About 15 minutes later we were told they had a table available but it was outside.  Well, now that over an hour had gone by, it had heated up nicely and we no longer wanted to sit outside.  They told us they would seat us at the next available indoor table.  We watched 2 other groups get seated inside before they remembered about us. (Sigh)Once seated it took several minutes for anyone to show up for our drink orders or to go over the menu and specials.  On a high-note ~ I love that the food is farm fresh/organic. I opted to try the sweet potato pancake with my eggs and it was unlike any other pancake I have ever had.  Absolutely delicious!!  My friend had that day's Special, which was a lemon curd/marscapone cream, white chocolate chip pancake concoction, that she also thoroughly enjoyed.If the service was as good as the food, I would have given 5 stars.  Unfortunately, the long wait and slow service definitely put a damper on our Snooze experience and our morning. ;(I wanted to REALLY like this place and I just can't give it more than 3. The food was good. The Benny Goodman was awesome. French toast was alright. The wait time and service is what killed the experience. I told the seating hostess it was my husband's birthday and asked if they do anything for birthdays. She said yes of course and made a note. Our server didn't even acknowledge it was his birthday and he didn't get anything special . Next time we'll go to Black Bear. Bigger portions, less expensive, and much more laid back.PSA:  pinapple upside pancakes sound good in theory only. After waiting 15 minutes to be seated,  another 15 to get coffee, and another 20 to get food this is my review.

And when I sit in a massage chair I want to feel it, it was hardly a vibration on my shoulders. The chair and colors are big sellers for me. I could care less if my nail person doesn't want to hold a conversation with me, I'm usually there to relax anyway and would rather not talk.

*My room would get warm in the middle of the night,which made me uncomfortable and hard to sleep.

[2] For reals, that was a crapload of gravy. For a few pieces of chicken, I got two large plastic containers of gravy.Nice terrace outside. The standard St-Hubert menu, of course. Service was acceptable but not overly efficient. Odd that you can only get white meat (chicken breast) on your salad, no dark meat option. Even odder that a salad comes with a side salad.... yes, you get coleslaw with any salad order.Love the fruit and goat cheese salad ... but to enjoy you have to overlook the surly, inattentive wait staff.  Not a kid-friendly place. We were offered the selection of one table right by the restroom because we had a stroller.  According to the waiter, this was the only table in the entire restaurant that could accommodate children.  We would have gladly accepted the table if the dining room had been full but there was only one other table seated in the entire restaurant.  We left. There are too many great restaurants in the area to put up with grouchy, unhelpful staff.Part of St. Catherine's has been changed to be a pedestrian zone and one of the restaurants that's there is St. Hubert's. This is a restaurant that didn't do well in Ontario but still maintains a presence in Quebec. Being a fan of Swiss Chalet, I wanted my family to have a comparison basis between the two, so, I went with a friend of mine. It was busy on a Saturday night at 7:30 pm, and we had to wait for a table. Not an unreasonable wait. When we finally got a table, it was near the back in a large booth that accomodated us. Food was good, standard quarter chicken dinner with ribs. My friend had chicken and a salad. My wife had a quarter chicken dinner and my kids had the nuggets which came in a "cab" shaped container, they thought it was quite novel. Naturally, there is colouring for the kids. Refills on soft drinks were a little dicey, and I think I was charged another $3 for a refill, something they don't do at Swiss Chalet in Ontario. I did ask my friend whether it was just the fact that they were picking on us because we were from Ontario and whether as a Quebecer, they got free refills. He just looked at me like I was from Mars and advised me very politely that he doesn't ask for refills. The food was good and filling, portions were good for me. Prices were a little higher than what I am used to with Swiss Chalet, and even with them I think I am still not getting good value.Cold, wet and exhausted Krista M and I realized we were in front of this St Cat's St Hubert. This is like a classy St Hubert with a hostess and nice big windows, but really you're getting what you always get. Medium caliber rotisserie chicken, ribs, deep fried cheese bites and things like that. But the truth is, a pitcher of beer and some roasty and greasy things are sometimes exactly what you need and this joint on this particular night definitely did not disappoint.Similar to other st.huberts but a little nicer inside. The food is as good as usual but nothing special. I got the hot chicken with white meat and fries/coleslaw, which is usually my go-to dish; never fails with creamy coleslaw.Food: 3/5, classic hot chicken with gravy and peas, very québécois. The fries were ok.Service: 2/5, kind of slow and just okAmbience; 3/5, a little fancier decor and nice music but it can get a bit dark Price: 3/5, $20 per person if you get drinks, not bad for Swiss chalet type of food.It's a big place and there was a wait to be seated on a Saturday night. I was told that this is the Swiss Chalet of Quebec by a friend so I had to try their ribs and chicken with mashed potatoes. Their ribs sauce and gravy definitely isn't as flavourful as Swiss Chalet but the meal and service overall was decent.My girlfriend and I came to St Hubert last night for the first time ever as we had never been! The food was good(still a fan of Swiss Chalet) and I would come back. We had the Mozerella sticks, 1/4 Chicken White Breast dinner, with maple/caramel pudding for dessert. Service was a little on the slow side, but to be fair they were EXTREMELY busy and there was the Just for Laughs festival going on. All in all is give it a 6.5/10En passant devant la boutique, vous penserez qu'il s'agit d'un magasin de jouets. D'ailleurs, qui pourrait vous le reprocher?! Un Casse-noisettes géant dans la vitrine, des jouets de toutes les couleurs, des guirlandes, des paillettes,...  Ouaip, ça ressemble à un magasin de jouets, ça sent le magasin de jouets et même ça goûte le magasin de jouets... Mais non! Ce n'en est pas un.  Enfin presque pas. Même si c'est vrai que vous trouverez tout de même quelques jouets à l'intérieur (rhoo, il font tout pour nous tromper!), il s'agit plutôt d'un magasin de paquets cadeaux.  Alors oui, je sais, c'est un concept qui peut surprendre. En fait, ils vous proposent tout pour des emballages de qualité, et même ils peuvent les faire pour vous, ce qui du coup donne carrément un côté artistique à vos paquets. A tel point qu'on aurait de la peine à l'ouvrir!

also picked up their house made muffins...a craneberry orange muffin..it was delicious...actually pieces of fruit to bite on...i loved it. the ambience is also nice for some one to just sit and read or listen to some music while enjoying a good cup of coffee.Cozy space to hang out. I dropped in for some afternoon coffee before walking around the neighborhood to check out what NoDa has to offer.I gave their Ethiopian brew a try but I wasn't too impressed. I noticed they have a pour over set up after buying a small coffee. Would have ordered a pour over if I had known!I'm not a coffee drinker but I ended up here on a food tour. It's such a cute place. The decor is nice and there's actually plenty of small tables for lingering despite the small space. The staff is incredibly knowledgeable about the products and the beans are all roasted in house. While others in my food tour tried the Colombian coffee, I tried mango iced tea. They also had really delicious no bake treats! Stop in!Quite an adorable coffee establishment and the only one in the neighborhood (it seemed) on a Saturday at 11am. Service is friendly and the line moves pretty quickly. The chai latte I ordered was decent. A little heavy on the milk and not so much chai flavor, but still an ok choice. I would probably order a latte the next time around though. My friend went with the peach smoothie, which she said was "okay" too. I bought a mixed berry scone to go with the latte, which actually turned out to be rather disappointing. The texture of the scone was mushy rather than crumbly and the mixed berry flavor was faint. They didn't have a good selection of pastries (which was slightly disappointing). My almost $7 breakfast was an "A-ok" in my book, so 3 stars it is!The barista was very nice. The space is really cute. The tea latte I ended up with was tasty. And the price for it was very modest.However, they were out of decaf espresso, so they couldn't make decaf coffee drinks. And despite the reviews talking about gluten-free treats, they didn't have any. So I was a bit disappointed.Smelly Cat is an okay coffee shop. Maybe everyone else hyped it up to much and my high expectations weren't met, but after going there a couple times nothing really impressed me. Not to say that I ever had a bad experience. The staff has always been nice. The drinks are good, though sometimes they take a while to be made.The inside of the shop feels a little cramped to me, but I am 6,2 so I could just be me. The interior is dim and comfortable, though they lack an of the nice big sofas some other Charlotte coffee shops have. The outside seating is sparse and the view isn't very impressive. There is some sore of "art?" garden outside that could be mistaken for trash.All and all, you can get a good cup of coffee for you and a friend. It's not really the place for groups. If you are in NODA and need a caffeine fix, Smelly Cat is the place.Short and sweet (okay not really but I'm a thorough person I guess). Point by point, at least:+ Girl at register was unpleasant and aloof, but in a particularly unusual and rude way, not just in the stereotypical "aloof coffeeshop employee" way. I felt like I was actively burdening her with my presence even as I stood there quietly and patiently waiting for her to be ready to take my order. One star off. If I lived nearby, that interaction alone would put me off returning regularly. Not a good sign. + Fella who handed me my drink? Pleasant and cheerful. Plus one. + Iced dirty chai? Awesome! I love the crushed ice and weird spice thing (I can't totally describe it but it's like what would happen if someone crumbled a ginger/molasses-flavored Oreo wafer in the bottom of the cup) going on in it. Kind of wish there was a little more ice to cool it a bit longer, but that's not a true complaint because I'm a slow drinker. Plus two stars. + As I was sitting outside minding my own business in this glorious weather (I live in Durham, decided to visit Charlotte on a whim) while texting my brother in Colorado, a member of a ministry student group(?) who was meeting outside decided to come up to me and try to "share something" with me. As a devout atheist, I actively discouraged him and he went away pretty quickly, but it was very unpleasant. After that interchange I left the warm sunny bench I was sitting on to retreat to my car. Minus half a star because I know this isn't the business's issue, but soliciting/proselytizing at customers should be actively discouraged. Not sure if this is a regular weekend meeting place for the group of fellows or if it was simply happenstance on this particular day.+ Parking is confusing as fuck. I'm not familiar with Charlotte "this side of sign" parking and gave up on their terrifying(!) parking lot immediately and parked down the street. The weather was nice enough that I was fine with walking farther, but in crummier weather, I can't see doing it. Half a star off. Three stars. The drink was great, the ambiance less so. I will admit 100% that I went here based on name alone (and the picture of a drink with crushed iced, I guess).The atmosphere is very relaxed, and the baristas are very friendly! The shop is small and a little cramped but they have seating outside as well.Overall, I think supporting local business is among my top priorities. Which is why I continue to get coffee here when I can. Plus I really like the owners and their approach to being innovative in their business. But overall, it's not my favorite - the value of what you're getting compared to the cost always seems to be out of whack. The smell of the beans roasting is an instant no for me - I love the smell of coffee roasting, but this doesn't smell like coffee. Worst offense for me, though, is the parking situation - I will never understand how all the spaces are full, but no one is actually in the place. If I can't find parking, I usually just drive somewhere else.I didn't have coffee but my wife got a cup, cool little place and quick service. The staff really knows there coffee right down to the flavor notes the different beans are giving off. She always gets coffee from there when we are in NODA during the day. I really like how they roast their own beans. Next time we are in NODA, Ill have to get a coffee as well.it was ok. I had to wait 20 minutes for my coffee because it was so busy and they only had 2 people working & then they gave my sisters coffee to somebody else so we had to wait another 5 minutes. It took way longer than it should have. The coffee however was very good. I got the chunky monkey frappe & it was amazing. The costumer service on the other hand was bad as the lady who worked there was rude to everyone.This place felt a lot like my Grandma's house with an assortment of treasures separated by a small path to allow Grandpa to get to his recliner, kitchen and bathroom. Maybe it's just in my blood, but random treasures are cool to me.Bill F's review is still spot on, complete with skeeball and talking parrot in the back. How cool would it be to own a skee ball machine?It's a pretty cool place if you're looking for a unique piece of something.Great place to grab some cheap beer and cheap food. As one would expect, fried food reigns and it's very easy to leave the Penguin emulating Fred Sanford clutching his chest. I've definitely had better diner/dive food, but the Penguin is worth a stop if only for the friendly staff and cheap beer.The burger was pretty bland, even southern style with the coleslaw and chili. Atmosphere was just right, enjoyed the classic rock and blues music and the service was great. They were very friendly and refilled my sweet tea religiously.Prices were fair to cheap.Fried pickles, which were not spears as I had expected but bread and butter pickles. They had a strange taste to it, probably vinegar cooked in them, they were good but different.Fries were average.They had a lot of cheap beers, shock top and  another were only $1.50!I'd go back but I'd try the bbq instead or the patty melt, I don't know if they season their hamburger meat but it doesn't taste like it, maybe consider it! :)Good but greasy food, stuff you can't get just anywhere, good crowd, good staff, good beer prices. My only beef is they don't answer the phone for take out orders. It's a tiny place - maybe a dozen tables, it gets LOUD and smoky. Our offices are nearby and we all selected our faves off the take out menu they happily provided only to find we can't get anything.Additionally NONE of the e-mail address on their web site work. We are planning to all go down at one time and stand around taking up what little space they have waiting on our eleven take out orders. Not too tough to pay someone $10 bucks an hour during peak times to catch take out orders and keep patrons.I'm not impressed by the Penguin as much as people talk about it.  I will definitely give them their fried pickles, but I like the fried pickles just as much at the Whitewater Center or Jackalope Jack's.  Maybe it's just becuase I don't like huge burger patties, but I just found the burger to be ok and not spectacular.  I prefer Mr K's, which is much less well known but very good as well!I would go back sometime, but won't be anything I ever HAVE to have again.I've been here twice, here are my thoughts:The fried pickles were unique, I've never had them in sliced form before.  The batter had potential, however it was extremely salty and even ranch dressing couldn't mute the saltiness.  Salt in the batter plus the salt native to the pickles was just too much.  As for the Black Bean Burger I had with Pimento cheese; I was unimpressed.  It tasted like a falafel sandwich with cheeze-wiz on the top.  I would recommend skipping the Pimento cheese and leaving the chipotle-style mayo on the sandwich.  Previously I had a burger, the burger at Big Daddy's was much better.  I don't think Penguin seasons their meat, it was quite bland.The beer was pretty good at a 1.50 for a wheat beer on draft that I'd never had before.  Also, being able to get a meal at Midnight after I got off work was an added bonus.  They stopped serving at 12:01 so I really appreciated them serving me right before the grill closed.  Overall an experience, but I wouldn't go there expecting to be blown out of the water.  FoodNetwork probably checked out this drive-in because of it's unique atmosphere rather than for the food.Hard to get a table. The service is good. The food was good for what it was, but I wasn't crazy about it.I know this is a very popular place but I've just never cared for it.  The crowd is always interesting but other then the fried pickles I've never ate anything there that I thought was that great.I am not rating the management - I AM RATING THE FOOD & SERVICE. This is a review of the "New Penguin". This is the first time I have ever been here on a Sunday at noon and was immediately able to sit down at a table (weather outside was 67 degrees). I think the old usual crowd might be boycotting the new joint. I liked the old Penguin - I like the "New Penguin". I had the Pimento Cheese with fried pickles Double Burger - no mayo - it was deeelish! Great hangover cure from the night before - Also had the 24oz PBR to get the day started off right. Our table shared sides of onion rings, french fries and fried pickles. We enjoyed the onion rings the most, then the pickles but the fries were your typical "frozen from a bag" - I would love to see some hand cut fries or oven some tots as a choice. The service was just above average - nice and attentive, but nothing stellar - Would not keep me from coming back. Overall - I would go back, especially to cure a hangover, but probably not for dinner...I'll admit at the outset that I was a regular fan of the Penguin's previous incarnation.  For the long and short of it - the new one feels like Applebees does the Penguin.  The food is still generally good, but the menu is much more limited in scope.  Gone are the interesting sandwiches like the grilled peanut butter and banana or the tuna melt.  There are still burgers and dogs, and they remain good.  There are still a significant number of veggie options, including versions of the dog and burger.  There are salads for those seeking healthy food at the Penguin.My partner got a veggie dog with pimiento cheese and fried pickles on top.  He liked it quite a bit.  I got a small burger and dog--both southern style (chili, slaw, mustard, 86 the onions) and both good.  I also got fries, and they were crisp and hot.What has changed is that it no longer feels a part of the neighborhood.  The waitresses are all perky and friendly, but there isn't a tattoo to be found anywhere.  The music throughout our visit was soft hits of the 80s.  There are lots of t-shirts and merchandise that tout the long history of the Penguin, but also feel alien to it.  They look more like they would be sold on the boardwalk in Carolina Beach.  I don't know whether there will eventually be more of a sense of community in the new Penguin.  Perhaps with time the staff will get to know regulars and it will feel more authentic.  Until then, the food is OK, and it is clean and safe.  It is also MUCH easier to get a table now, but you can take that to mean what you like.A typical diner.  Burgers, fries, hot dogs, etc.  The food is decent.  They have a jukebox that you can play much from so it gives the feel of a real diner.  I have eaten here three times and each time it has been decent.  The service is not anything to write home about but it is not terrible.  The noise level can get pretty loud with a small space and all the people crammed inside.I think the new Penguin is still pretty good, but it doesn't measure up to the old bird.  I ordered a burger and it was tasty, just not the same as the old Penguin.  They have cheap beer though and I really liked the fried mac n cheese.  The chili cheese fries weren't that great compared to the old ones I used to die for.  They use queso instead of cheddar cheese, hmmm....The staff is much nicer and accomodating which is cool with me, but it seems to have lost it's ambience.Almost as quickly as a new edition of Hamburger America was released, I was lucky enough to be out and tasting the newest findings. This time, it was the Penguin Drive-In in Charlotte, North Carolina. We walked in shortly before six on a Friday and didn't have any trouble getting a seat. Our server came over quickly, and she was pleasant during our whole visit. She offered us the house special appetizer, fried pickles, but I'm certainly at a loss for shy see are so popular. My hometown favorite, Memphis taproom, blows them out of the water.The beer selection offered standard big brews from across the us and world, as well three craft beers on Draft. I drank a beer from Old Meck  right in Charlotte and Widmer Pale ale.  Fat Tire was also on tap. The temperature on these beers was a bit warm, and the pours were anything but generous. Still, when the bill came out and I saw they were $2 each, my complaints vanished.I was dining with Mom, Charlie ,and Laura, and everyone went for burgers. I stuck with the name sake, which came with lettuce, onions, friend pickles, and smothered in pimento cheese. The cheese isn't bad, but is still a novelty. American would taste be better. George Motts wrote about huge 1/3 pound patties, but these are nowhere to be found. Instead, small, griddle cooked burgers were served. They had that distinctive char taste, and the only disappointment with the patty was that it didn't cover all of the bread. It was a good burger, but certainly doesn't deserve a write up in a book that chronicles the country's best burger joints.The best burger was ordered by Mom: southern style. Essentially a chili cheeseburger, it was quite tasty. We also ordered a few sides, onion rings and sweet potato fries. The fires were covered in cinnamon and sugar, making them like a dessert and frankly, ruining them. The onion rings weren't terrible , but lacked any real flavor and crispiness.The atmosphere here is fun. Seat yourself, and look at pictures from the business over the last sixty years. It's part bar, part family restaurant, but it works. There's even a Rockola jukebox in the corner with an impressively bad playlist offered.The bottom line: it seems this place recently came under new management, and maybe not for the better. Still, the burger is good, the beer, like everything else, is pretty cheap. Worth a stop, but don't go out of your way.Ah... The Penguin and all it's polemic. I wasn't part of this sissy fight between the Ballentines and the McCoys... I mean, Jimmy and Brian, but I do remember the way The Penguin was when J&B had it and the new Ballentine Penguin.So let's start with this so called "soul" everyone was so up in arms about losing. Yeah, I can admit, it's not there anymore. The place looks more polished and, at least when I was there, our waitstaff did not seem to blend in with your typical Plaza-Midwood natives. (But I've also been to The Diamond and the "soul" that once resided in The Penguin certainly did not migrate to The Diamond either). Aside from that though, it was like any other day at The Penguin during the day.We went around 6 or so on Friday so the place was fairly dead except for some families. Our waitress was very nice and engaging and suggested food and came around often and overall did an excellent job. The, whom I am assuming is the manger or owner, came over to our table and politely asked how our food was which always adds brownie points.We shared an order of fried pickles and they were as salty as J&B's version so nothing new there. I ordered the Killer Pimp dog which comes with Pimento Cheese and 3 fried pickles. It was NOT bad by ANY stretch of the imagination but there was nothing special to it either. I was expecting something different since I'd never heard of pimento cheese and fried pickles on a dog but ultimately it wasn't something I'd ever crave or order again. The onion rings were good for me, again, nothing to write home about but Becky thought they needed more salt.Our order came out fast and our beer was nice and cold. I can't say that I've any complaints about my visit to The Penguin. I don't think the food is any better or any worse and I certainly don't have to worry about picking favorites over The Diamond and The Penguin since they are now both comparably mediocre at best.Although incredibly unhealthy, this place WAS pretty good. My most recent visit however was slightly disappointing. It appears, under new management they have started to remake a few of their recipes which has changed the taste of most of their dishes not too mention they have lost their much celebrated hushpuppies. I mean c'mon what's the South without hushpuppies!!good stop, but didn't live up to the hype that I had heard of.  The service was great, I can't find any fault there.  The had a problem with their kegs, no big deal, but a little dissapointing, but not their problem.  Went with a group of 4, and they had burgers, while I tried the killer pimp.  Everyone liked their food, but it was nothing to jump up and down about.Ok...so this was actually the very first place I ever ate in Charlotte and I was pretty drunk.  I had never eaten fried food and and I love pickles (I admit to drinking pickles juice in my profile).  So when I tried fried pickles for the first time, I new that my move to Charlotte was the right one.  The Penguin has great cheap bbq, cheap beers, and a great location.I've been to the Penguin a few times, and I'm pretty impressed by the food.  I've gotten different types of hotdogs each time, and they were great.  Their sweet tea is some of the best in Charlotte, which I think is really saying something.  However, their menu says it comes in a "souvenir cup," and I've always gotten it in a regular styrofoam cup.  I don't think that's a very good souvenir. I've also gotten pretty good service each time I went in.  One time, it was very busy, but we still managed to get our food pretty quickly.  That being said, even when it was very busy, they did not have someone sitting people at tables.  You had to fend for yourself, which led to some glaring from a group of who's potential table I might have stolen.  And it's so tiny in there, it's hard to find somewhere to wait for a table.  Plus, they have the tiniest bathroom I've ever been in.Went to The Penguin after hearing about it from coworkers.  I was expecting a dive so I wasn't surprised, but it really wasn't that bad.  The burgers weren't really what we like, we aren't fans of pimento cheese which seems to be in a lot of the burgers.  The burgers were good but not fantastic like we had heard.  The fried pickles were really good with (I believe) homemade ranch.  The fries were awesome, stayed hot for a long time, super crunch.  Everything came out PIPING hot....which sucks when your really hungry:)  I don't know if we will be back but it was worth a try.I hadn't checked out the Penguin before I moved away from Charlotte 5 years ago.  So on a recent visit I decided to check out their hamburger I had heard good things about.  Got there late and the place was packed.  I was fortunate to find a small table to sit at.Service was quick to take my order, and the burger appeared in an appropriate amount of time.  The burger was nice and moist, and all the flavors were solid.  I'd rate it as good for bar food.Didn't have time to hang for long, or check out the beer offerings as I had a long drive to go.   I'd definitely choose the burger again if I ever have a chance to visit in the future.We stopped by this place while passing through Charlotte. After hearing about this spot on TV I was excited to try their burgers. I got the Billy Goat (Bacon, Cheese, Bacon, Slaw) and was not overly impressed. The slaw was too dry, and the toppings over powered the patty. I wish I would have paid the extra $2 to make it a double. The service was just okay. When we walked in we were told to just grab a seat where ever. Once we were seated it took about 20 minutes to get our order in, and another 20 to get our food. They had 2 servers for about 15-20 tables, so it took forever to get anything. Overall, I wasn't too impressed with this place despite all the hype.Heard about this local establishment thanks to my sister who saw a profile of it on some Food Channel show. Stopped in at lunchtime to a full restaurant. My server was great. Wait time was a real pain in the booty though. The burger I had was delicious, but nothing special. It's one of those local places that gets too much hype.Once upon a time this establishment was one of my favorites, but since the change in ownership I can't exactly say the same anymore. The service and food have suffered in the aftermath and it seems that its customer base has noticed.  it used to be that I could go to the Penguin and have to wait almost an hour for a table and a mouthwatering Hemi and fried pickles but it seems like all the customers have jumped ship which gives the restaurant a very eerie ghost town fill to those of us that are used to the penguin in all its Food Network glory.  This  makes the food not taste as good in my opinion. Sometimes people don't care as much about the product as they about the story behind and hows it's sold to them.  The wait staff seems less that enthused to be there which also adds to the lack luster effect. If your looking for a good dive joint,  this will satisfy the urge but won't leave you wanting more.The Penguin by name is a Charlotte classic. Unfortunately we didn't go earlier before the original place closed down, and only had the opportunity to go under the current ownership. While I can't compare it to how it used to be I can say that it is currently a decent burger joint. Not the best in the area, but still offers a solid burger experience.The place looks like a real dive on the inside and out, but it's more about the food than the ambiance (at least in my book.) The menu is a bit confusing since the one on the website is not the one same as what they give you in the restaurant, so if you saw something you liked online you will have to figure out it's new name listed on the restaurant's menu. Not a huge deal, but the least they could do is keep the website updated. I was surprised to see that they offered Stewart's Root Beer...something I haven't had since leaving New York almost two years ago. We each got a bottle of that delicious soda ($1.95) and enjoyed sipping on it while awaiting the arrival of our burgers.I ordered the Adelie burger ($7.95) and it was scrumptious. It's your basic "Carolina" or "Southern" burger in that it's topped with chili and cole slaw. The burger was a decent size and was delicious. The chili was a good chili and the slaw was crisp and tangy, bringing a variety of flavors to the overall burger. I had the sweet potato fries as a side and they were pretty dang good.My wife ordered the King Penguin ($7.95), simply because she is a sucker for pimento cheese and fried pickles. She really enjoyed both on her burger. She tried to be a bit healthier and ordered the cole slaw as a side rather than some fries, but that didn't stop her from stealing a healthy portion of mine.From a standalone point of view (not comparing it to the "glory days") the Penguin is a decent place to grab a burger. They are not the best burgers around but still a solid joint. The fact that the menu isn't up to date with what they actually offer and the cold, drafty interior definitely take some points away. I'd go back if I was in the area, but living in Huntersville it's a bit of a hike for us. And with Bad Daddy's serving up better burgers less than five minutes away I doubt we'll return.Food: four-star, greasy diner food.

- 1 Steamed rice $2.00The shrimp came in bags and were seasoned perfectly.  For me it goes perfectly with the steamed rice because the rice just soaks up the flavors.  For the faint of heart keep in mind that the shrimp is boiled and it is not devained.  Over all the food was abundant, delicious, and affordable.  A lot of the people there were getting the deep fried catfish.  I think I'll try that next time.  One thing is, the place doesn't have a liquor license yet....so they suggest to bring your own beer.  There is a Food 4 Less in the same business park for you to pick up some brewskis.What brought this review down 1 star is the service.  The servers are young and seem to be social with people other than the patrons of the restaurant.  You'll notice it as soon as you are greeted from the hostes.  My wife was with out a drink for majority of our meal....and with spiced shrimp it would help having some water.  You don't have one dedicated server either.  You're seated and you're order is taken by one person.  But, then the rest of the meal your server is who ever you can flag down.  Overall you gotta check this place out!  Worth the price and a great way to chow down like your at a buffet without being at a buffet.  Also, great place to wow foodies from out of town.Honestly, I wasn't too impressed with this place especially considering all the hype it's gotten. I ordered a pound of shrimp with all the spices and it just tasted like a bland mess of flavors to me.In my opinion, this place is 3.5 stars. Which one is better? Boiling crab or Hot n Juicy?  Hot n juicy tastes a bit better, however boiling crab is 15% cheaper than Hot n Juicy. Boiling crab doesn't have liquor license yet.... So no beer :( But you can bring your own beer or wine here if you like. You do need to show ID to prove you are over 21 thol. Oysters are big and juicy here. And they are cheap!! One dozen of oysters are only $13. The sauce I enjoyed the most was Shabang. It tasted with strong garlic flavor. I was really happy to see my check that night.( 3 pounds of shrimps, 2 dozens of oysters, fried calamari and 5 sodas only cost me under $100 before tips )Very delicious crawfish and sweet potato fries.  Oyster and calamari, and service was lackingWent here one morning with a group of friends.  It was my first experience.  We were seated immediately and our orders were taken promptly.  However, they only gave us enough salt and pepper thingies and lemons for only half of our group. It took us a good ten minutes to get anyones attention so we could get more.  However, the first person we were able to grab told us we had to wait for our waiter. Okay, the guy couldn't tell the waiter for us? Our guy wasn't paying attention.The oysters were the first to come out.  Now, I'm not an oyster snob, I don't know the names, I don't know where they come from, I just know if it tastes good or not.  These were not good.  The oyster snobs at my table agreed.  We didn't even eat them all.  We waved down a waiter and asked if we could do anything about it, perhaps deep frying them, since they have fried oysters on the menu.  The guy said no, and walked off. So we were stuck with crappy oysters.The calamari came out.. Burnt tasting. Not good whatsoever. However, drowning it in ketchup helped. If I could stand the taste, im gonna eat it. I don't like to waste food.I ordered crawfish in medium and the whole shabang flavor. It was awesome. Large chunks of garlic and a nice spicey flavor.  No complaints here!  Super messy though, I wish I hadn't worn white.The sweet potato fries were good as well. I loved the slight crunch they had and the sweet flavor.I'd probably go back if I went to Vegas again, was hungover, and craved crawfish.  Other than that, I'll stick to the one in CA. It was a way better experience.Not bad food, but it was strange to have to go to a store to have beer (still working liquor license). It's a chain, though the food was better than expect. I looks like a chain restaurant you'd find in Texas such as in Arlington or anywhere in the DFW Metroplex. This "spicy" is not as spicy as one would like, and the "non-spicy" (for the kids) does have some spice to it. "Big" issue for me was they didn't have brewed iced tea! Fountain tea is crap (and who really drinks that anyway???)Service was not the greatest, even for what it was. Waitress tended to disappear and never looked at her tables in case people needed something. She didn't really seem to know the food having trouble answering basic questions ("spicy like those spicy doritos"... really??)Hot-n-Juicy is still better all the way around. Doubt we'll go back.I took random notes on my phone:1) The urinals sucks. The shape of them is such that your stream plashes back no matter where you aim.2) The food was served piping hot and deliciously fresh.3) The fried catfish was my favorite thing, and served in generous portions.4) The fried oysters were the small kinds. Really oystery (in a good way).5) The king crab was was OK. By the size of it, it was more like "prince" crab. The boil was a bit boring compared to similar style restaurants I've been to. It mostly just tasted like garlic.I had been wanting to try this place out for a long time. I love Hot N' Juicy, but they are considerably more expensive than this place. I will give you a couple of tips -The price is more expensive at Hot N' Juicy, but the tasty and quality is much better.You still reek of garlic for at least 24 hours after leaving this place. We ordered, 1lb each of the following -

My kids thought it was awesome;they loved the aliens, golfing in the dark and the glasses. Me not so much. The 3D tunnel was out of order and they are in the process of updating/adding 9 more holes. The attendant said she would be happy to give us a free round another day if we wanted, which was thoughtful. I give it 3 stars because my kids had a blast. Adults will likely be disappointed.Now that we live in Mint Hill, it seems only appropriate to add a few Mint Hill entries.  That, and the fact that Crazy Hazy reminded me that I hit the auspicious mark of 666 reviews, I need something wholesome to offset her evilness.  So here it is - the Mint Hill Farmers Market.In short: I wish it was better.What is there isn't bad.  It's just that there isn't much.  If you have been to the state market, you'll know that even the Charlotte Regional hardly holds a candle, and the Matthews market is small in comparison to that one.  But the Mint Hill Market is like a couple of people throwing out tables during a yard sale.I'm all for the local food movement, and would love to see it blossom.  I just don't know if this will help much.  It's hidden behind the Historical Society building, so it's difficult to see.  And there isn't a lot there.  What we have had is good, though.  Since they are already closed for the season, I only hope they come back stronger next year, because the Charlotte Regional Market is a much longer drive now that we're all the way in Mint Hill.It's a bridge and if you want to know more you should check it out on Google - I don't know the history really behind it, but it's just a bridge and it was right where we needed it!LOL - this is my first bridge review so I'm going with 3 stars because it was a convenient spot to have a bridge! What else can I say - nothing much to write about - it's short and not large at all!Upon arriving there was a wedding going on in the lobby. I called twice prior to arriving trying to figure out where I should park- the reception only answered on the third call because it was so loud that they couldn't hear. The hotel was beautiful but due to the wedding we were unable to relax for about 40 minutes after check in. The bar tender made delicious cocktails. The room was nice and comfortable but loud. Parking is 11$ even if the place is empty.Had Sunday brunch at the mansion. Valet parking made it easy. The food was decent but there are far better options in the city. Was shocked to find out it's $40. Cool atmosphere but wouldn't return. Service was very slow although everyone was friendly and professional.Went early Thursday morning with my 2 very small dogs. At our normal dog park they run and play with the big dogs no problem. When we get there all the dogs are larger and in the larger area, and since I take my dogs to interact with other dogs we wanted to get in there with them. The owners were just standing around chatting and I walked up slowly to observe what was going on. There was one man who was the owner of a Lab who was barking (probably wanting him to throw the ball he had in his hand) and he was yelling at the dog and making aggressive "Im going to hit you" motion to get him to stop. Then there were two other very large dogs pacing the fence line with muzzles on. Obviously these dogs are aggressive. As we tried to enter the park there were 5 dogs trying to get to mine and not one, NOT ONE owner was calling their dogs or addressing the issue. So we went to the smaller area. The park is a nice wide open place and I wish I could feel comfortable taking my babies there but the owners are careless and rude, which means to me that their dogs are probably not so different.My son plays baseball for a league that uses the parks fields. The park is always clean.   It has a nice dog park, little playground and pond for fishing.  Two problems for me are that there is alot of misquitos around the pond area and there is a loud train that comes through every night.Here for the Arsenal Challenge tournament.  Nice enough facility but mosquitoes are out in full force. Has playground for kids and a small pond.  Decent soccer fields and good baseball diamonds.Ahh, Chipotle, a college kid's dream: cheap, copious amounts of Mexican food that is actually very good for being mass produced. You can get what you want, it's good for gluten intolerant people like me because I can get a few different things, and this Chipotle in particular is in a really convenient location; it's across the parking lot from a super target, and there's a self serve yogurt place nearby, so you can get dessert! YAY! Alright, here's my "beef" with Chipotle.. HAHA! See what I did there? (I am so unfunny...) In my honest opinion, it's inconsistent. There have been times I've eaten there and my tacos or salad are perfect and I have a really good experience there. Then there are times where the rice wasn't salted correctly or something, I have no idea what happened, but all I know is when I took a bite of rice I immediately spit it out because it was so over salted. Really, it was crunchy because there was so much salt in it. Same goes for their proteins. I try to switch it up between barbacoa, chicken, and carnitas, and with each there has been at least one occurrence where it was way too salty and I couldn't eat it. Maybe I'm just being a the kind of customer that restaurants hate, but if a place has had multiple occasions where the food is so salty it can't be eaten, then they're going to start having some serious problems.

:)We recently attended an event that featured cupcakes from Cloud 9. They had 3 flavors - 2 of them I don't remember and one was the Pineapple Rum.  The cupcakes were ok but not anything that I would go out of my way for. They were prepared the day before the event, so maybe they would have tasted better if eaten the same day that they were baked.Really good chocolate chip cookies! I didn't know they could get that many chocolate chips into a cookie!! My kids had some ice cream here as well. Service was quick and friendly. Not sure if items are baked on site or brought in.The market is fun but the chocolate chip cookie was dry and tasted stale. It was around closing time- hopefully they are more fresh in the morning.I was really hoping to love Cloud 9 because I haven't found a dessert place in Charlotte that just has killer desserts yet, but the cupcake I got was just average. I got the sea salt caramel filled cupcake, and as a whole it was decent but nothing special. The cake itself was plain white/vanilla cake and was a little dry. It was filled with caramel, but the filling was only in the center and essentially just formed a block that didn't really add any flavor to the cupcake overall except by being overwhelming for 1-2 bites of the middle. The frosting was whipped, and it was way too light and fluffy for my girlfriend or I to enjoy. Normally I like whipped frosting, but this was so light that it was almost airy and more similar to a mousse and ultimately lacked sweetness or any flavor. There was a little caramel drizzle on top, but this caramel sea salt cupcake was more of a plain vanilla cupcake with vanilla frosting and then small hints of caramel attempted to be added in.I always use the online app to check myself in. I am glad that I do. You can see how long the wait currently is and if anyone comes into the store while you're driving there you are still taken care of before them. This location can get crazy busy sometimes and it's nice to know where you are in the line. The staff here is very friendly and and always welcoming. This is by no means an upscale salon - that being said, you sometimes get what you pay for. I am a guy and my hair grows fast, so even when I get a not so great haircut, I can live with it for a few weeks. After going a couple times - I definitely have my favorites. If you find someone you like, they are usually working often and you can call ahead to see when they'll be in. In the last year they did a remodel of the store and all of the finishes are very nice. It always appears clean. Sometimes they do $5.99 haircut sales which is awesome! Normally a haircut is $13. When they have the sale they are usually pretty packed though.I went back initially to get my money back never to return again. I asked for the manager and she was really nice and fixed my f'ed up hair! Make sure you know who is cutting your hair don't let someone cut you just because they are sweet. When in doubt ask for the manager, they are usually the best ones at cutting hair.Love this location. Consistent service and tasty eats. The Indepndence location is great since it's convenient to all major highways and nearby businesses.I had the ruby minis, which came with fries and the salad bar - which may be my reason for the three stars. If it weren't for their low prices and amazing salad bar' they'd get a two. The homemade pumpernickel croutons are legendary people, and the salad bar boasts everything from fruits to pasta. I'm in love!The lobster Mac n chess is sooooo good and the lobster meat actually tastes fresh....which is sup rising for a chain.This is definitely a family-friendly establishment since it's a chain, so for singles I would suggest going to happy hour since they offer half off on some of their apps and their drinks are wonderful...or go during lunch. No screaming babies usually at those times.

But I was shocked this guy presumed I was going to tip 30+% on one item??A little pretentious I thought.  How bout bringing my change first and let me decide if I am tipping? (which I was going to, but he seemed to be petty as well taking his sweet time bringing my change to me).  Sorry, but service goes right along with the food when it comes to rating,  This would have been a solid 4-star.Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink):

Hotel: clean and exactly what you expect from a room, not many frills but you don't spend a lot of time on there anyway.

They have an omelette station where you can get eggs cooked to order too.  I really enjoyed the little surprises like plantains with beans and sour cream.  There was fresh fruit, pancakes, waffles, French toast, chicken fried steak and four types of gravy.  The toast station was great too, good variety and self serve.  I would definitely come back for the  breakfast deal.  Oh and it's a dollar less with a players card.Went in today for Sunday brunch. It is $17.99 plus tax. Food selection isn't that great. New York steak was tough, fried chicken very dry. I ate mostly crab legs & shrimp scampi and they're just okay. I would say I get what I paid for since this price is the cheapest I found for brunch out of the seven restaurants I called. Sadly, I wont be coming back. Service is great but I would prefer to pay additional $5- $10 to get better selection & tastier food in a nearby buffet.The food is worth the money. $6.99 for breakfast and they have an omelette bar where you pick out your own ingredients. But our waitress Maria was horrible. Very unfriendly and not just to us. You can tell she was the same way with the tables around us.Came here for breakfast. 8.99 I believe with a memeber card. The time when I want varieties, i go to a buffet. Food was mediocre. Typical breakfast items. Powder eggs. Sausage, hash, bacon. French toast pancakes. French toast was rock hard! Fresh fruits. They had a omelet station so that was a plus. The orange juice gave me a stomach ache. Service was good and friendly though.I came here expecting mediocre food since price was cheap. Overall well worth the cheap price. Cheap okay food for 8.99. Can't beat that anywhere in vegas! Just go with low expectation so that way you can enjoy the food.Better than one might expect. No rare beef but good flavor and nice dessert selection for lunch. No sugar added choices many ice creams etc.The Mongolian station is worth the trip, plenty of beef in my quick-fixed beef and vegetables.Usually if you check the Internet, a two 4 1 coupon can be found.The food wasn't phenomenal but it wasn't terrible either. Mediocre I guess is the best way to put it. The price is decent. Staff is friendly, and we didn't wait long to pay then be seated. The Mexican/Italian station was okay. Everything else I didn't care for. The dessert was decent too.The buffet had a nice variety of food, but nothing in it was really that amazing. It was kind of just a lot of regular food, like Home Town Buffet in a way. I was impressed with the desserts, though. There was a HUGE variety of cakes, cream pies, ice cream, etc. The only problem was that they weren't labeled, so I had to keep asking the dessert lady what each thing was, and it was a bit hard to understand her because of her accent. Service was good. They were quick to take away plates we were done with and give us drink refills.The prices can be a little insane. I think if you go on a weekday lunch, it's a pretty good price, maybe $8 or $9, but a Friday dinner (seafood night) is $30, which is WAYYYYYY overpriced, especially if you weren't really planning on getting any seafood.You have to admit that a place of this size, with such a huge variety, is definitely worth the $10 for the lunch buffet. There are even many varieties of salads if you are a grains and roughage eater.They break the cuisines into multiple food categories.  For my lunch day, the categories were Seafood, Magnolia, Chinese, barbecue American, Mexican, Italian and desserts. Within those different sections you also have specific salad varieties from that particular area. They even have an entire salad bar set on an island by itself was also fruit and soup included. The dessert bar has a variety of pre-sliced entities as well as fruit cobbler and bread pudding. They also have sugar-free desserts and gluten-free desserts. You can also ask them to give you a slice of dessert from out of the display case. If you are looking for gelato or ice cream, they have you covered on both ends. They also have ice cream cones and dessert toppings such as sprinkles and chocolate syrup.If you are wondering if the food itself will blow you away, then that is truly on you and your taste buds.  One thing that I like about this place is that you cannot deny the value and variety offered.   If you get a "B Connected" card, which is free, you can get a discount on your buffet (normally a dollar off).Food is ok, service was fine, but the girl ringing us up made a mistake that took a long time to fix.Food was just okay, not a big selection. For the price you pay it is good considering what the rest of the buffets in Vegas cost.I'm not hoity-toity, but for the price it was decent. Not much options and most weren't that great tasting. There were a few items that were good.Decent option for the price.I have not been back to this Olive Garden since last review (1 year).  We had a family dinner there with 9 of us.  We called ahead for reservations and they got us in for 6:15pm.  OK, I will try this Olive Garden again...The service was good.  The food actually was ok this time.  I was surprised.  I got the chicken and gnocchi soup, there was only 1 dumpling.  Really?  The flavors were good, but 1 dumpling?  I asked for a 2nd bowl and wow, tons of dumplings.  It guess it is a hit or miss kind of thing.  I got the Alfredo chicken, it was actually not bad.I have been here 3 or 4 times and have always received great service...the only reason why I come is for the zuppa  tuscana soup and breadsticks so I can not comment on the rest of the food. They seem to have a lot of new items on the menu, including some yummy looking desserts.We visit this olive garden about once a week because my kids love it.  I like it because they have allergy friendly dishes for my kids.  (But you have to ask what is in certain dishes). I also love the soups here. Overall good.I came here for lunch on Mother's Day, bad mistake, very bad mistake. The wait was 30 minutes so I can only imagine what the wait would be for dinner.My favorite part of Olive Garden are the bread sticks and they did not disappoint as they were hot and ready on our table. My friend ordered stuffed mushrooms for an appetizer. I tried them and they were delicious! Next time I go I'm going to make sure I get my own order. I would recommend anyone to give them a try at least once especially if you like mushrooms. Service was of course hectic. It took at least 15  minutes for our waiter to get our drinks. Then another 10 minutes for her to bring our straws. It was about the same amount of time to get our checks and our cards back. I was going to order dessert but I decided to skip out in risk of being delayed in Mother's Day Mayhem. I ordered Chicken Alfredo and chose to have a salad instead of the soup. I'm always a fan of Olive Garden's salad but this time it was lackluster. The pasta was a little on the bland side but I'm very picky about my pasta and there honestly isn't a lot of places that can get it right. Regardless of the mayhem I still expect for the quality of the food to not deteriorate.This place is in the middle of nowhere. I only say this because I live in N. Phx and my niece wanted to come here for her 18th birthday. Since she lives close by so its nothing for her, but I swear I am going to make her mom give me gas money lol.  I will say that the everything went  pretty well. We had a super large party of about 35 people and we did have a reservation so score one for them!  I can't even be upset with them for taking forever to bring our checks since they decided to split it up instead of giving one big check and making us work it out amongst ourselves. It did take longer than the average due to this but I will give them credit for doing a stand up job with taking orders and getting them out in a timely fashion. Although some checks were wrong, everyone was very patient (some more than others but I digress) I highly doubt that I will ever be back to this location again due to the distance but I do give them two thumbs up for service.If you like OG, you'll like this one.  Good service to boot.Went for a nice Sunday afternoon Lunch. As always the food was fantastic, the wait staff above par, my problem is with the parents that bring the kids along who don't keep them acting respectful of all the patrons who are paying good money for the dining experience, we thought we had stepped into a kindercare during playtime, the noise of screaming kids was simply outrageous, with parents doing little or nothing to quiet the unruly kids up. My suggestion to those parents who lack number one, parenting skills, and number two, and regard for the respect others around you deserve when dining at a restaurant, you can let your kids do that at home, that is your choice, but bring them to dine with others who just want a good meal with a peaceful quiet environment they better have their best behaviour pants on. It's plain RUDE not to demand that of YOUR kids! You know they also have take out, how about using that next time....To-go orders are slow as molasses! I called a simple order in of two salads and two Zuppa Toscana soups. I was told they would be ready by 7pm. Got to the restaurant at 7, told them I had called in my order, and walked out of the restaurant with my food...29 minutes later. There were three people in front of me, with the third person ordering a large amount of food on site. They all received their food before me. Not to mention, by the time I finally received my food...they brought me the wrong order. That will be the last time I'm doing that...and it was only a Thursday night. Disappointing. So much for "to-go" service...The Breadsticks and salad are consistently good. The entrees are subpar in my opinion. Its commercial grade fake italian food and I get that, although, I feel like they are falling short of even doing that well. This olive garden was better a year ago when i went there than it was tonight.Good 'ol Olive GardenMy wife was looking for a good carb fix and we realized we had not visited OG in more than a year. Unlimited salad and breadsticks are still there, but the menu is very different from what we recalled. They also have this Ziosk console tablet at every table to order things and pay the bill, in addition to the wait staff who are very attentive.Food was good, though nothing special. The Capellini Pomodoro I used to love is gone. Had the noodles with gorgonzola, balsamic vinegar, and steak. It was tasty but super heavy and oily. My wife had a pasta and shrimp combo that she enjoyed and made the same heavy/oily comment. The kids loved their mac and cheese, of course.I'm torn on the three-star rating. Service was quite good. It's just that the food is so heavy and unremarkable... Slightly better food and I would give Olive Garden an easy four-star.Ok food the service is a little slow waited 15 minutes to get drinks refilled and also to get check at end of our night.I ordered a lunch deal and asked the waitress if I could get a side of fruit. She said it wasn't available. My friend and her four year son were dining with me and when it was time to order the four year old's meal, the waitress asked if he wanted grapes. Are grapes not a fruit? Wth?!So far I've had a really terrible experience here which included offensive language from staff and a mediocre meal. But our recent visit was amazing. Moving forward, we'll request the "bar dining".  Service was the complete opposite as our first visit.Just wanted some soup & breadsticks. Got pasta e fagioli for my first bowl. It wasn't as hearty as it normally is, but still tasted good. For my second bowl I got minestrone. There was literally one pasta shell in the entire bowl and about 5 beans. The rest was zucchini and other stuff. Very sad. Everything tasted good and service was about as quick as I've seen, but the soup was a little weak that day.Went in on a Wednesday night around 7:20.  Was told the wait would be 35-40 minutes. After 45 minutes we checked to see where we were at on the list and was rudely told "It's only been 42 minutes and we said it would be 50 minutes."  That wad flat out wrong.  I get that it was busy (ish) but the managers response was in my opinion rude.  Also a quick walk thru the place showed 5 empty tables cleared and ready. Probably due to understaffing which points back at management as 4 people stood at the front desk as hostesses (including the manager).  Our server Joy was absolutely great and the meal was good.  Had the manager been more professional in his hostility response I would have been more than please with our experience.Ok so we ordered ravioli Alfredo lasagna the pasta was over cooked and had a chared peice of lasagna kinda up set my meal and we also ordered chicken parm lasagna it was great but we had a salad and it tasted old and lacking dressingStaff was great happy and cheerful attentive and pleasingOver all not to upset but not fully satisfiedI stopped here before eating at the Panda Express in the shopping center. This is a new supermarket. When I shopped here the place was very clean. I saw an extraordinary selection of wine, cheese, fresh sea food, organic foods, and bulk snack nuts. There is a Total Photo and US Bank. The store is modern with sky lighting and modern fixtures. The only thing missing is a cafe.Solid grocery store in the suburban sprawl of Las Vegas. They have everything you need and video poker. Nothing special, nothing terrible.I feel like this Albertsons location is smaller than the one on Rainbow and Warm Springs, sometimes they have less stock of something.

Grilled baby squids tastes fresh and well seasoned. The portion is a bit small. (B+)

1st batch of tea was terrible. We paid 7.50 for 3...ridiculous

Casino:  If you don't mind smoke, the casino is pretty. But we don't smoke, and the ventilation is terrible.  So we both woke up with the flavor of ashtray in our throats.  Bleh.  Oh!  And when we finally do gamble - are all the dealers miserable or what??? GraciousThe three stars is generous.Note: these were free rooms for seven star membersWe booked 3 rooms, at the beginning, all three were supposed to be next to each other but because another hotel guest demanded a switch, they moved one of our rooms to the furthest from the other two rooms...Two rooms in the forum tower: for a luxurious loft-ish room, it only came with one king bed with a giant living room. You can't use the fridge because it's filled with alcohol that they'll charge you for if you remove. The bathroom is nice, as always. The beds are low key uncomfortable. The other room connected to the loft-ish room has two queen beds and a nice bath as well.The last room is in the octivious tower: which, by the way, is extremely far from the forum towers. We came together as a family but we're seperated by another hotel guests request and they didn't even try to accommodate for us. This room has 2 queen size beds and a nice bath as well. Along with a fridge we can't use. The blankets are thin and I woke up sore every day because of the mattress. But maybe some people will like the bed? I've stayed at almost every hotel on the strip and caesar palace is supposed to be the most luxurious but it doesn't feel like it.The first time I stayed here, we were upgraded to a presidential suite for free because they gave another hotel guest our room. That room had everything for a family. Two rooms, one with a king and the other with two queens. The kitchen had a sink and a fridge that didn't have an expensive mini bar in it. This second experience sucked. Our family was seperated, especially since my grandma is handicap and can't walk far. They didnt accomadate for their mistake. The beds suck and there's no fridge for us to use!Pro: we got a good view of the Paris hotel for NYE fireworks.The main casino is beautiful  but  smoky which I expected. Lots of slots and table games to choose from. There are plenty of place to eat and drink but they are  EXPENSIVE. The buffet  was  overpriced but the food was good.The pool area is beautiful. There is a topless pool area that is hidden at ground level but is it may be viewable from some of the rooms on the upper levels.Worst cab line ever. 30 cabs waiting.  30 people waiting.  1 Ceasar employee putting people into the cabs.  If he wasn't there, it would have been more efficient.My kids were impressed with the downstairs bathroom which had a vanity area for make up sessions!  Beautiful hotel with lots of shops and the cool ceiling.  Didn't venture too far only to the food court and took some pictures in front of Gordon Ramsey's and Bobby Flay's restaurants, just because they were too expensive and busy to actually eat there.  Instead, we tried the food court and were still satisfied, although pricey of course as expected inside a fancy hotel.Caesars Palace is a nice hotel however the parking lot going to your room is super far! You need to walk past the entire food court, casino, and restaurants just to get to the other end where the rooms are! Whew.. Nice place to play but not so convenient when u check in here! Omnia is a nice night club in terms of ambiance and music but beware each drink costs $15! + tip.... Bar tenders there are not friendly at all. If u dont have a table inside, and u start sitting on any of the ledges or side ramps, bouncers will keep calling ur attention.. Sorry for the ladies wearing 4 inch heels.. You will get tired standing up.. Theres no place there where u can rest and sit..This casino used to be my husband's favorite back in his 20s so we decided to stay here on our most recent trip to Las Vegas. It looks much the same as it did back in the 90's but they haven't let it get run down or anything. I wish we could afford a room in the new fancy Nobu tower but unfortunately we were in the Forum tower which I believe is the oldest one. Our room was still nice looking and clean so I have no complaints. However, if you are planning to use the spa or fitness center they are both located in the Augustus tower so it might be worth paying a little extra for that. It was also a pretty far walk (thru the middle of the casino) to the swimming pools. I think all the other towers are closer to the pools and restaurants but the Forum is closer to the shopping. It is also somewhat close to the sports book which was in full swing with it being March Madness. Apparently Caesars is like March Madness Central because of the ginormous TV they have that you can see throughout that entire wing of the casino. Even all the other bars and restaurants had the games on. And they were all packed with people watching. I did place one bet at the sports book and I will say that they were friendly and efficient and had plenty of staff to handle the crowds.I felt very overwhelmed staying here and was very ready to leave by the end of the trip. Part of it probably had to due with the March Madness crowds but also this property is just too big and is not laid out in a way that makes it easy to get around or find what you are looking for. I think some of the newer casinos in City Center are a little more comfortable.Stayed at Octavius Tower, room #5189 from 3/27 they 3/31.The hotel was great! It has Forums Shops, but limited shops.Also somewhat center of the strip, so it's good. I love the pool, good for kids. Not like MGM where there r so many drunk people.COMPLAINT: although our room was great, good view, the toilet area was horrible. The ventilation was horrible. My son pooped, and the whole room was stinky. Note, toilet area is in the bathroom, separate with its own door.  The following day, I called front desk to switch our room, because that is unacceptable. We had to use public toilet whenever we had to go because if the problem, so inconvenient! Might as well reside or sleep at the casino itself, right?  BUT, the problem was not resolved, because they were busy, no available room, besides "all bathrooms are the same"  (Sure it's the same, but do you mean to say all bathrooms have defective ventilation? I don't think so, because when we stayed at Palace Tower, last year, bathroom was fine.). The only available room was at the Forums Tower. I mean, common?! Really, Caesars?My review is regarding my stay in the Julius tower in a Parlor room. The room seemed to be newly renovated and had although the view was non-existent, the lamps made for nice lighting. There was a separate living area from the bedroom separated by a type of partition with a TV in each portion. The bathroom was spacious with his and hers sinks and a nice big walk in shower. I however had multiple issues during my stay. One was the multiple hairs I found on the pillows as soon as I got into the room from checking in. Suffice to say I was super grossed out about it so I called guest services and they sent someone up right away to change the sheets. I couldn't really say they were as apologetic or as surprised as I thought they should have been but it was fixed right away and I was happy. My 2nd issue was about the drilling during my 3rd day there started at 9 in the morning. I called guest services again and apparently they're renovating something else. Renovations are always great but guests should be forewarned. I normally wouldn't mind since it's Vegas after all and being in the hotel room during the day isn't my idea of a vacation; but of course it starts on the day I plan on being in the room to do some work. They told me the room would be ready no later than 2 and that they would call me once it was ready. I did not receive a call but instead had to call instead. By the time we got into our new room, it was 4 pm. We get a Petite suite in the Forum tower which is nothing like the Julius tower. It's older looking compared to what the other room had and the room is dark with dim lighting. There's no separation of rooms and only one TV. I called guest services again saying that I feel like I was downgraded for something that was an inconvenience to me but instead got the run around with no sympathy whatsoever. The rep said I could go back to the Julius tower if I liked but really, the tower with the drilling?!? I received no real apology and so I just gave up; after all it was one last night. Little things happen once in a while which is unavoidable but service recovery is the key; Caesar's Palace is subpar from my standpoint.My second visit to Vegas and we stayed at Caesars Palace. When we arrived, it took us over an hour to check in because the people at the counter took forever! When we finally got our room, we found out that there were already people staying there. Their luggage was on the floor! Imagine people walking into your hotel room and who knows if they take anything.. you'll never be able to find out who it is! So unorganized and dangerous. The people at the front desk upgraded us to another room, but it wasn't even the type of room we originally booked so they upgraded us to a third room. You're on your 3rd strike Caesar!The view from our window was nice and I did like the bath tub. It was big enough to fit 2 people and it was a jacuzzi, which is very nice and relaxing after you walked all over the strip. The bathroom was a very nice size and very spacious. The sleeping area was clean.I wouldn't mind booking with Caesars again, but there are so many hotels out there worth giving a try and I'm sure they're more organized when it comes to booking our rooms.Stayed here 5/6-5-9

Its better to eat elsewhere and just watch the movie at the theater. They do have a great deal on groupon - $5 for a movie & a drink - can't beat that! That's the only reason they get 3 stars. Their meal service deserves at the most 1 star.I'd like to give them four stars but an extra glass of wine was added to my bill that I didn't notice.  Otherwise it's not as upscale as Ipic but a good option if you live in the neighborhood.3.5 stars.Swanky place and I've always liked the idea of the movie-grill. Shame is that it usually doesn't execute how you want it to, in one way or another.The food is, expectedly, a little overpriced for what you get. It's pretty good, but not $12 for a burger and fries kind of good. The theater itself is nice and there's plenty of space and counters and swiveling chair-tables that makes the experience easy.The caveat currently is that the service is far from smooth. If you order a burger or something of the like that doesn't require a fork and knife, you won't get a roll. Meaning, you won't get a napkin. Meaning, you either ask for one or get up to wash your hands at the bathroom, because getting a napkin here can be pulling teeth! They also didn't know who ordered what (somehow) and had a disorganized array of employees waltzing around trying to deliver the right plate to the right person smack dab in the opening scenes of the film. Sort of distracting.Overall a fun spot but they need to streamline their system if this experience is going to be 100% pleasant.Studio Movie Grill is the poor man's iPic, but at a similar price, it is a better option than a Harkins just because of the nicer, reserved seating (recliners, but not super cozy) and the option to drink booze and order food from a server from your seat. That being said, don't eat the food. The menu is very basic as is the actual food. I've had a turkey burger and a quesadilla and was quite unimpressed. They seem to always have a Groupon or Living Social deal going, but even without, it is a good value.I'd suggest to come here if and only if you have a Groupon. They have groupons running constantly. Right now there is a $5 deal for a movie ticket and drink, which is really hard to beat in terms of movie going. However, SMG does not make its money with these Groupons. They are simply a ruse to get you in the door. The fact that they have a bar, serve alcoholic drinks and serve meals throughout the movie is what brings in the big bucks. I have been here several times, and most recently with my husband. We came in with Groupons, which gave us no trouble, hoping to save some money. We ended up walking out spending upwards of 40 dollars on one appetizer and two alcoholic beverages, plus tip, and the food was mediocre at best. Do not kid yourself. It is not cheap and if you are planning to eat or drink anything besides the soda included with the deal, you will likely not be saving any money at all in the long run. You'll actually probably spend more.The seats are fine. I think their website overhypes them and makes it look like you're going to be reclining on those bad boys like a king, but the reality is is that half of them are simply rolling office chairs, and the other half are fairly comfortable, but might be awkward if you're sitting next to somebody you don't know. If you're short or have children with you, sit in the office seats. This will assure you that you will be able to see the film without anybody in your way. If you're in one of the big seats, you will likely have somebody sitting in an office seat in front of you, blocking your view.Sneaking food is a little more awkward here than most theaters, as employees are constantly passing by you. Not sure if they'd say anything to you - probably not. But it still makes me self conscious. But all in all, I'd come back as long as I had a Groupon and a plan.The menu is limited, the service has improved in the last few months. I like that I can now pick my seats. The menu is okay, but, it is difficult to ask for a variation to a menu item.  When you ask for the sides that you want with an item, they are not included, and you have to push your button and get it ordered. This can be distracting when you are watching a movie. Most of the staff try very hard, and are attentive, but that is inconsistent. We had one waitress 'instruct' us  that the french fries could not be made to be 'crispy'.Overall a good experience especially when you don't want to pay the price for a ticket for the IPIC theater. The only thing that needs fixing is the chairs. they are just ok. not the most comfortable. Drinks are a little pricey as well.One of the three dine in theater experiences in the valley. This is much more casual than I-Pic or AMC Dine In at Esplanade. Sleek looking theater. I liked the cool upcoming movie advertisement display. The bathroom decor is cool. The wall paper is kind of made to look like an old studio set dressing room. The movie seating is somewhat different. I felt like I was at a school board meeting or Professional Development conference. You sit in chairs with a long counter in front of you for a table. Not the same as the AMC recliner chairs at all. It was comfortable though.   I like the dine in theater concept but they are just way too expensive and overpriced for just okay/bar food. I had a Portobello Sandwich, fries, and a side salad. The fries were cold and the portions were pretty small for the 20 dollar price. The salad had nothing in it really. Thank God the movie was free for an educator preview showing of the, "Bully." It would be an expensive night out for a movie ticket and a meal, which did not even fill me up.   I do like the dine in theater concept. It is a lot of fun. If you like to drink even better since they have a bar in the lobby. I just think these theaters out price most folks. It is an only," every now and again" treat. For that though you should be able to enjoy the nice atmosphere and staff here!This seems like it would be a cool experience, and I can see why people would be stoked on it, but it's just not for me.When I hear "leather recliners" I'm thinking plush lazy boy chairs and that is NOT what I got-- they have reclining and office chairs, both were uncomfortable for two hours.But it is fun to go and check out, especially if you have never been to a place like this before, but if you've been to any of the other 21+ movie theatres, like the Lux theatres in Californis, this will be a total disappointment.I'm not saying don't go, I'm just saying it wasn't what I expected and I probably won't be going back.Also, I got the groupon for a movie and free soda and they tried to charge me for the sodas, but I only had to remind them once and the charges came right off.First visit here.  Seems like a nice theater.  Decent sound, reasonably large screen.  The layout is very spacious in terms of leg-room, though the chairs were armrest to armrest.  Still, it was pretty good.  The one thing I noticed was that my butt got sore after a while.  At first the seat seemed very nice, but I was having to shift position frequently after the first hour or so.I did not have any food, but one in my party did.  It was nothing fancy, but I'm told it was good.  As one would expect, it was over-priced.  But if you can handle $6 for popcorn in most theaters then you probably wouldn't blink at $9 for "chicken tenders" and fries.Staff seemed friendly and courteous.  They also were not obtrusive.  I hardly noticed them at all during the movie even though that's when they deliver any bills for food.  That's good!All I can do is echo all of the other reviewers. This is a great concept and I hope it expands to the east coast. It was a real pleasure to watch a movie here. The food was good, pub quality eats.  It's tougher to eat in the dark than I expected but I managed to keep my Chicken Sandwich off my shirt. Nice selection of beers, although it was a mistake to order a pitcher instead of just individual pints (Honey Bunny and I don't knock 'em back like we used to). Fed a party of 3 for $40 including tip. Not too bad.We sat at the counter on comfortable office type chairs. Their footprint was a little large so we locked wheels a couple of times but otherwise it was a much better experience than sitting in traditional theater style chairs. So nice not to have to share an armrest. There are chairs with their own built in tables and big ol' LazyBoy style recliners that I'd be afraid of falling asleep in.This is an amazingly civilized way to watch a movie ("This is the End" - very, very funny). Will come back the next time I'm in Scottsdale.I wish I could give this place 3 and a half, but oh well.  It is a nice clean, dine in theater.  I have been to a few different dine in theaters, so I was not blown away by the concept itself like some people may.  The tickets are a little pricier than some other theaters if you are looking to just see a movie.  I did not eat any food and just got a popcorn and a soda.  This came up to $9.45 before tax which is pretty standard for any theater, but with less popcorn (most theaters will give you at least a refill with a large, but the drink had refills).  The staff puts on a nice friendly facade, but really seem to careless.  For instance I ordered a Diet and got a regular cola and also the carry on quite unprofessionally in the halls if you happen to step out to use the restroom.  The set up is just weird with a row of comfortable chairs with a wrap around tray similar to an airplane to place your food items on, then a row of office chairs with a counter in front of it, every other row.  I don't think I would be too happy if I was stuck in one of the office chairs.  They do have drink specials throughout the week which seems pretty cool, but it is too far of a distance for me to partake.My wife and I had a chance to attend a matinee showing which offered a reduced ticket pricing and I believe the ticket prices are comparable to other places and not overly priced. I researched reviews before deciding to purchase tickets and many of them lowered my expectations especially the quality of the food and mentions of using office chairs and there was nothing explain what the couples seating looked like. Looking at the seating chart it was hard to imagine what the seats were like because there were no pictures, which made me suspicious; were hiding something? It was common sense to me that the office type chairs must be located at the counter seating (C) and the couple seating were the (A) & (B) selections and they had to be a different style, which turned out to be somewhat accurate. The seating chart has dotted lines leading you to think these were short sections of counters but that wasn't so, in actuality there is a solid line of counters stretching from one side to the other of the auditorium with the office type chairs lined up behind them. The chart also doesn't reflect how much spacing there is between the rows, so for those reading this there is a 5' walking isle behind the office chairs and the couples seating is directly behind that, then the next length of counter space is directly behind those seats and so on. They could use a lesson from how iPic shows their seating charts, like the spacing and layout where the seats are placed along with pictures. The isle walking space was convenient for the servers and people to use, unlike other theaters (including iPic) that you have to excuse yourself as you squeeze through to get to the end isles. The couple seats are like over-sized office chairs but without the wheels and swivels, the center arm rest will flip up and the back tilts slightly, they were about as comfortable as the soft tilting back chairs as some Harkins and AMC theaters have. The VIP (V) seats were at the ends of the rows which don't get the best sound and screen quality and they appeared to be a little softer but because of the location there is nothing VIP about them.Now the food; well I've had worse at theaters but for the price I would expect better. The $10 all you can eat pizza was OK but nothing special and better than heated up frozen pizzas like most theaters have. I had pepperoni first then Italian sausage; both needed more meat or thicker slices as the meat flavor was over powered by the dough and sauce. My wife chose the overpriced Tenderloin Tip entree with sweet potato fries which were warm and soft with no crunch at all and the meat was hospital food bland but good after she doused it with salt and pepper. But if you think about it all theater foods and snacks are overpriced, as Dan Harkins once said in an interview, "I sell popcorn, candy and soda, the movies are included in the price", meaning if they didn't have concessions less people would go to the movies because the price would be so high to pay for the reel rentals. I liked the plastic serving dishes because they were quite, the noise of clinking plates and utensils at iPic drives me nuts when you're used to a quieter environment in a theater.The bar was well stocked and the prices were about the same as the surrounding pubs and restaurants, if you order beer and plan of having more than 4-glasses order a large picture, they won't mention it but it's a better deal until they read this and figure it out, then it might change. And that's all I have to say about that!We went to Studio Movie Grill over the weekend.  The staff was very friendly and cheerful.   The food was good (Lettuce Wraps, Sweet Potato Fries, Burger).The only negative experienced was the movie times on site did not match the internet. Rather than the movie I wanted to see having the posted showtime the SMG management had changed the times.  Apparently the local SMG management only controls their voice system for movie times, not the internet.Either I had to wait until the movie's new showing time or see something different.  Considering the dearth of good movies out this was a suboptimal choice.   So other than not being able to see the movie we wanted as advertised the trip out was acceptable.I wonder if this is as good as it could be?Not thrilled about the prices on the drinks, but I guess it keeps people from getting hammered at the movie theater?! The food is decent, the new menu seems a bit ambitious with some of the entrees; I hope they can pull it off! At least a GF pizza and a GF hamburger bun are a nice inclusion for those of us with an allergy. The staff is always welcoming, happy, kind...and this goes a long way, along with the regular Groupon ticket option, toward making this theater one I return to once a month to enjoy the latest chick flick or family film :)Have you ever watched a 2-hour movie from an office chair...? (perhaps) Have you ever said to yourself, "Gee, I wish movie theaters had office chairs INSTEAD of comfy movie chairs for my 2-hour long viewing pleasure?" (prob not). That was really the only hitch. Waitstaff was super friendly and attentive to food/drink requests. But really? Hard office chairs?? My butt lost feeling about halfway in, and we were crammed in alongside other movie-goers so I couldn't rotate at all to stretch out like I do for the other 8 hours/day I'm at work. Perhaps the experience would have been much better had we selected seats not in the office chair rows...? Who knows. With a Groupon, I justified the experience :)Great facilities and friendly service. It did take some time to get a drink refill. Actually, the patron to my right received my drink. That wasn't so bad but what was I was a little disconcerted is that he also got my credit card after I closed my tab. Methinks they need to hammer out some kinks in their system.It is fun coming to Studio Movie Grill.  I like the concept of this movie theater where you can order food or drinks and watch a movie at the same time.  The downside is that the staff is always walking around when someone needs a refill or wants to order sometime else.  I will admit that the food is really good and they even have gluten free food too.  My favorite things are the skinny tea and potato skins.  Normally at the movies the food is not all that great.  But it is nice to know that when you come to the Studio Grill you can have decent food. If you are looking for a place to see a movie and wanting to have dinner, you should just go to Studio Grill.I like the idea of Studio Movie Grill better than the actual experience. Good food brought to your seat during first-run movies?  Sure, sign me up. But parts of the operation could, in my personal opinion, be improved. First, the hallway between the lobby and the screens was dirty and cluttered like a backstage, or behind a bar - there were stacks of boxes, racks of glasses, etc.  I realize a whole set of dedicated service corridors would be prohibitively expensive, but at least make an effort to keep things neat and tidy.Second, our seats backed up against the riser wall, so they didn't recline. They did rock, as in back and forth.  Some seats faced counters, which reminded me of sports books in Vegas (minus the gambling) - they had office desk chairs. Glad we weren't sitting there. Third, the always-on reading lights are probably necessary to read a menu during a flick, but they are annoying and prevent the darkness we're used to at traditional movie theaters. By the end of the movie I did get used to it. A little light was probably also a good thing for those folks who were eating. It is easy to miss how important seeing your food is - having to feel around to find your grub and not seeing what goes into your pie-hole can be unnerving. Sight really does inform taste. At the end of the day I think the Studio Movie Grill isn't better or worse than a traditional cinema experience - I think it is probably just different. At least the price is right - Studio Movie Grill is much cheaper than the theaters we go to back home where we live.Nice idea, much like Cinetopia in Washington state. Where this theater misses  the mark is the seating. Office chairs and a desk just don't cut it. The loungers are better but not great. They also have some small lights that stay on during the movie that are poorly placed and distracting. The popcorn was awful BUT everyone was friendly and gave great service. We probably won't be back.The prices are not too exorbitant for a movie theater that has seat-side service.  I have had some stale popcorn here and the food can be hit and miss, but other than that I really have no complaints.  On Sundays Studio Movie Grill has $5 glasses of house white wine and $10 all-you-can-eat, one-topping pizzas.  And the pizzas are not horrible; I am always leery of 'bottomless' food.  I had chicken nachos once and they were weak, lacking cheese and chicken with a huge pile of lettuce on top...more like a salad.  On the bright side, drinks are always kept topped up and seats are relatively comfortable; just make sure to get a table seat not a counter seat.At first impression I thought that having dinner at a movie house wouldn't work. But it does.  I have been here twice now.  The food is your typical hamburgers, pizzas, pastas and fried stuff.  I don't think it is that overpriced considering that you are in a movie theatre.  The mark up is not as high as the mark up on movie candy in most theaters. They have cocktails with daily specials.   It is ok tasting for what it is.  The only problem is that if you are seated next to a big fat pig as I was today who kept ordering more food and more food and more food, it is very disruptive during the movie.  The umpteen conversations between the server and this person discussing her food went on and on to the point that I missed some of the dialogue.  Very annoying.  Order your food, eat it, shut up and watch the movie.  Thank you.Really cool concept for dinner and a movie. Potato skin app was really good, and the salad was decent. I wasn't impressed with the ice cream sandwich dessert. Also misleading on who you're tipping when you have 5 plus servers working together on a dinner party of two. I would go back another time and recommend people try atleast once!The price is great but same commercial movies than other theaters. The food is horrible and expensive, they need to offer healthier options.I visited Studio Movie Grill for the first time with my family over Christmas. My dad had a Groupon, and my parents had good reviews from previous visits. The theatre has a very cool concept - I wish they had these in Calgary as I would go all the time! You can reserve your seats, and pick either recliners or table seats. They have a full menu and bar. Just press the button at your seat, and a server will come take your order.I've been to similar theatres in Australia, and what I liked about the Aussie theatres compared to Studio Movie Grill was the seats. I didn't like that SMG had some seats with long desks and leather office chairs. I would have preferred to see all reclining chairs - far more comfortable for watching movies! The food and service were pretty good. My mom ordered a piña colada and it tasted like soap, so we sent it back. Other than that, we enjoyed our evening and would definitely come back.Went here because of a groupon. I think I can safely say that you wont have too many rowdy teens/college students. Thats a BIG PLUS. Some reviews talking about a long table with desk chairs and would have rather had reclining chairs. Agreed.... but its easier to eat at a table. and you can definitely choose where to sit. so you dont need to sit at the table. Food is not pricey... similar to regular movie theatres. I would go more often if it was closer.But.. the set up is similar to ipic... food and drinks while you watch a movie. dine in while you watch.. i think it falls short of ipic... but i think its also cheaper..We got to movie an hour early and had to sit in the front, although it was ok and the movie was good, the food lacked. I have the BBQ chicken pizza, which was more sauce than anything else. My friend ordered the BBQ cheddar burger, she couldn't eat it because it was super red in the center and my sister had the nachos which was more like a salad. Will try again...I really wanted to see "How To Train Your Dragon II" and the iPic didn't have a showing. Wanting a similar experience, my husband and I decided to try Studio Movie Grill. Since I had never been to SMG previously, I had to rely on Yelp reviews in determining the best seats. After my decision was made, I went online and ordered tickets the day before. When I made my purchase, it appeared that only two other seats that were taken. I was under the assumption that the theater would be dead.When we arrived the day of the show that was the complete opposite. The parking lot, the entrance, and the actual theater were bustling. Families were waiting in the lobby, eating food, and having a good time. Inside the theater, we found our seats and found ourselves trapped between two different families and their children. (Yes, I realize we went to see what is generally thought of as a "kid's movie".)As the previews played, my husband looked at the menu and decided on ordering food. When no waiter came by to take our order, he pressed the red button and within 5 minutes a waiter showed up. We both ordered water and my husband ordered the coconut chicken/shrimp lunch option. Our waters arrived just as the movie had begun playing and about 15 minutes into the movie the food arrived.The food was okay - nothing special. Average French fries - some were crispy other were limp. The chicken was okay and I didn't try the shrimp. My husband agreed everything was just okay. When we were finished, the dishes sat a while before a waiter came by with the check and took away the dishes. Overall, SMG pales in comparison to the iPic on all fronts. Yes, it is a slight upgrade from "regular" theaters and it's nice you can order food instead of the standard popcorn and such. However, they have this funky setup inside the theater. The rows alternate between two distinctly different types of seating. One row is an elongated desk with office chairs (literally office chairs). The next row contains seats that have trays that swivel in front and to the side. (The material is similar to the leather of office chairs as well.) These chairs did not lean back and were a little disappointing. Needless to say, we did not sit at the desk/office chair row and I didn't see any other folks sitting there as well. I think SMG needs to rethink this and replace those rows with more comfortable seating.The only other thing this place has going for it is the location. It's relatively close to my work/home and has ample parking. Plus, there are several over restaurants nearby in case you are hungry before/after a show. I can't say I will definitely be back but it's an option. I like having options.Overall, mediocre at best. The seats aren't very comfortable even though we had a couples booth. The service is great but I prefer the more comfortable and intimate Esplanade. The food isn't anything special and I'm pretty sure they serve cheap wine.Enjoyed the mudslide milkshake and the service was fine, but the popcorn was very disappointing. You would think that such a fancy theater could at least master classic movie popcorn, but no such luck!Cool concept. Shitty Food. Comfortable seating. That is about all I remember about this place. The theater was nice and it was cool for everyone to have their own call button to have employees bring you food. The only problem is that the food was subpar. I mean it is a movie theater so what do you expect, but still.  This place is constantly on Groupon. If you want to check it out at least get a groupon so you don't commit a lot of money to an only decent experience. Thinking back it could have been a better experience if I wasn't stuck watching some movie where Channing Tatum is the main character of a romance movie. Spare me.Food is alright, not great.  Service a little better.  Seats are comfy and concept is cool.  Worth it if you don't wanna pay the price for other dine in movies.  The last time we went, we hadn't gotten our food and it was already about half way through the movie.  The place was packed so I wasn't concerned but my 4 year old was complaining, so I figured I'd ask.  They were very nice about it, and I wasn't even looking for anything more than just to get my food soon, but they comped our meal so that was great.If your looking to go see a cheap movie and get drinks then this is a cool place to go. The foods not the greatest but there aren't many dine in theaters in the valley that won't drain your wallet! The seats aren't the most comfortable but they have good daily drink specials and usually always have a groupon for tickets! Also if you have time to spare before the movie then I would recommend sitting at the bar and grabbing a drink and appetizer first! Eric was the bartender when I went and he was great!I went here on a Monday night and watched Tombstone with my boyfriend. The seats were okay not so comfortable. We ordered a dessert which was very good and ordered a burger and fries which was alright. I just didn't like the uncomfortable seats.O.k., so I finally went to SMG. The lobby area is beautiful, very relaxing and hip. When I went into the actual theater, it was cool to see how spaced out you are from the person in front of you or behind you but not so happy to see how close you are to the person you're sitting next to if you are in the office chairs (you'll know what I mean when you see them or if you've been to SMG, you'll know exactly what chairs I'm talking about.) I suggest getting the leather chairs that have your table attached to them.The food was o.k., the burger was meh but the coconut chicken and sweet potato fries were killer.SMG, please please please change how you plate your burgers, it's hard to see anything when your burger and fries are placed into a bowl that isn't fit for them. Just put them on a regular plate.Also, I felt bad for the person who got seats next to where the servers put their serving trays at. Talk about annoyance, especially when you're trying to watch a movie. I felt bad for the person in front of me who had to deal with that issue during the movie.The PRO to SMG is the prices for their movies and the concept of having food sent to you while watching is awesome.I had 4 Groupons which were expiring in 1 day, so a double feature was in order.The ticketing area and front lobby are nice, clean, and sleekly modern.  The young lady at the ticket counter was nice and patient as I tried to coordinate end times for one movie with the begin times for the next. I also like that I was able to guarantee my favorite movie theatre spot, thanks to their assigned seating. The first movie auditorium was nicely set up and had a comfortable temperature. I didn't have to pull out my jacket, which is rare. The waiters bringing food, etc, were barely noticeable.The 2nd auditorium was bigger, it was cold, and the waiter/staff running the orders were wildly annoying.  No attempts to duck or move quickly through the aisles, and some of them would stand right in front of you, entirely blocking your view. Others were epically failing at trying to whisper while discussing orders/mistakes, etc with neighboring patrons. Also, the set up... I don't know the proper term for when rows are staggered (the next row up being slightly higher), but someone got the equation wrong when building this auditorium. The head of the person sitting in the row in front of me kept blocking my view of the screen, so I kept having to tilt one way or another (of course, that head wouldn't stay still), or I'd just have a blind-spot during parts of the movie. Lastly, I just so happened to pick two LOTR-length movies, so 6 hours later I could feel how uncomfortable the seats were. We didn't get to try their menu during our visit, so I can't comment on their food at this time. Can't say I won't return (I'm a sucker for a Groupon deal), but I have better options, be it dine-in or standard movie-going.I enjoy coming here...  I like the option of dinner and a movie all in one  place.   The seating  is comfortable  and they have table  service.   Come early to pick your  seat , especially  if it is a first-class  movie.Ambiance was nice, liked that we could have a drink at the bar before our movie started.   Place was fairly empty on a Friday evening.  Prices were fair, food was priced reasonably.  However, the food was awfully greasy.  Like....REALLY greasy.  Wouldn't go back for the food.  Overall experience was decent...would've rather had my popcorn and soda though.I used to love this place.  Check first with Groupon or Living Social, because very often they have tickets to this theatre for $5.  I still like the theatre overall (much more comfortable seats than a normal theatre, and you can't beat the price!  Just make sure you choose the seats with the "hearts" on them, otherwise you're sitting at a counter with the people around you bumping your office chair), but the service has continued to get worse and worse.  The past three times, my food and/or charges have been incorrect.  The latest being last night.  I ordered the chicken fajita quesadillas and a glass of their Sunday wine special ($5 Cab), and my boyfriend ordered the "endless pizza".  Our food arrived about 30 minutes into the movie, but the fries that came with the quesadilla were cold.  I let the server know and they brought me a fresh side of fries within 5 minutes (so I was happy), but my boyfriend ordered his next pizza and it didn't arrive until the last 10 minutes of the movie.  When I got the check, they had charged us for two "endless pizza" orders, extra fries, and $7 for the wine.  We waited until after the movie to get it corrected (which they did quickly), but I have to say that it is concerning that  the past three times I've been at the theatre they have messed up the order.If you just want to watch a movie without food, this is a great place to do it!  But if not, be prepared for your food and bill to be incorrect.  Either way, it's a nice place to see a film, and they always have enough parking, which is why I still gave them three stars.I love Studio Movie Grill for two reasons, 1) their concept allows you to watch movies while eating and drinking 2) their service is always excellent. Why only three stars? The food is not very good and the seating is not very comfortable. Imagine you are at your favorite bar and order some of your favorite American bar food i.e. chicken fingers, pizza, burgers, and chips and dip. Now imagine that Jack in the Box brought it to you. You aren't disappointed but you aren't exactly raving about the food. The drinks are very good and can say that the SMG Cab is pretty good -- well it at least gives you a solid buzz so you can get through whatever chick flick you are having to endure.The seats were very uncomfortable. For a dine in theatre I was expecting more especially from scottsdale. The office seats were a little awkward , the other seats don't lean back and are stiff. Hmm will think twice about coming back.The big lazy boy chairs are awesome but the other ones are like office chairs.  Other than that it's reasonably priced food, nothing special.  Drinks are good but priceyI had to experience SMG because of all the reviews. I've been to theaters where you can order drinks etc. But not full entrees. I used a $5 livingsocial discount and was able to catch a sneak preview. As everyone stated the ticket area and lobby is very chic and modern. However the actual theater is not. For a theater I want my seating area to be comfortable. Here, the chairs are not. They do not recline at all. So if you have any neck or back injuries I recommend sitting way in the back so you do not have to position your neck up right for over an hour. I sat in the individual (a/b or heart) seats row E. The area was not as clean as the lobby. The cup holder had trash in it and left over food crumbs. I ordered the strawberry daiquiri, you can barely taste the rum. But it was sweet which I didn't mind. I ordered 2 lb of hot wings for $19. The presentation of the food was nice. The wings are huge. The taste was okay. Not bad. The staff was nice. I did notice that once the movie started they were very discrete and not disturbing to others. I also thought that although most reviews said to avoid sitting at the long tables with the office chairs, they seemed more comfortable if you were ordering food. My bowl of fries could barely fit on my table with the hot wings and my drink. I gave SMG 3 stars because it's initial appearance was modern. However, I spent little time in the lobby so I didn't benefit from the decor. The cost doesn't match the actual experience. I spent $51 for Native New Yorker in a movie theater. The food was not exquisite enough. Mind you that was just the appetizers :-/. Thankfully the staff was really nice so I didn't have any issue with continuing my experience. Enjoy!My partner and I were in Phoenix visiting family, but during some of our down time we decided to check this place out. We bought the groupon ahead of time ($5 for any movie ticket) and had the tickets already sent to our phone so we didn't have to wait in line. We also already had out seats picked out so we got the best ones - which was cool. When we were finally seated for our movie, we were given a menu and told that we could order as much as we liked whenever we liked! We decided to order our food as soon as we got to our seats, and it was delivered to us right before the movie itself started. I got the mahi-mahi fish and chips, and my partner ordered the sliders. The food wasn't anything outstanding, especially for the amount of money we paid for it. The seats were also very...interesting, compared to what we expected from the decor in the lobby. The chairs did not recline, and were not very comfortable. Luckily we sat in the chairs that have the trays, because the chairs for the other section just seemed to be rolling office chairs. Which didn't look comfortable.

I'll go to Rula or Fibbers next time.If you're going to go here for Happy Hour on a Friday night, I suggest going early.  We got there after 6:30, hoping to grab a table or seats at the bar & make our orders quickly before HH ends at 7.  Well of course the bar seats & every table was taken.  All of the waiters/waitresses seemed so rushed & overwhelmed.  We finally found the hostess & asked for a table for three.  As she went off to look for a table, another hostess came up to us.  I specifically stated that we were there for HAPPY HOUR.  And she was like WELL ARE YOU EATING?  I had to make this point twice.  Then the first hostess came back & said she could seat us upstairs (I didn't even know they had a second floor!).Well, bad idea.  First, the decor upstairs was a lame attempt at making the Oyster House look the least bit classy.  Then, the waitress told us happy hour is only available downstairs.  Wow.  After a second look for an available table downstairs, we decided to just stay on the second floor & pay the regular price for oysters ($12 per dozen versus $10 per dozen during HH).  The service upstairs was super slow.  The waitress wasn't even paying close attention when we made our orders because she definitely forgot my friend's beer.  The good thing was she comped it since he waited for like over half an hour.  The oysters tasted extra fishy that day, not like the first time I tried them here.  I lost my appetite for anything else after that.  My boyfriend's solution to the fishy-ness: mask the taste with horseradish & lots of Tabasco!First timers with a large party. Everybody liked food and service except the halibut was awful.Love drinking at Casey's in the evening. Although their drink specials are not really special at all, you can't beat the atmosphere, the string lights, the crowd. I've also eaten here a few times - their clam chowder was really good, and their build-your-own burger is seriously perfect. However, service is REALLY spotty. During the day I've had pretty good service. When I'm drinking there at night the service is really good too. But there was one time I came with a few friends and I had, I kid you not, the absolute worst service I've ever had. Our server took 10 minutes to even greet us, and then she was downright rude to us, snappy, unhelpful. I always try to give servers the benefit of the doubt, as I am one. I tried being polite to her and still got rude, short responses. My boyfriend and I were eating (the meal took forever to come out) and our two friends were just drinking. Halfway through the meal, I swear to God, the woman must have bumped a few lines, because she came back weirdly animated and chipper, although it was super fake. Still could not flag her down for extra condiments for the life of us.. she would literally glance at us as she walked by and turn away if we waved like she was ignoring us purposefully. Then she asked my friends if they wanted another round. They both politely declined. She made some inane comment about being on the liquid diet and came back with two beers for them a few minutes later. We all said OK cool, I guess she got us a free round. WRONG. She charged them both for two beers despite their explicit "No, thank you's." We were too irritated by this point to dispute so we just left her a crappy tip and got out of there. This place would have four-five stars by my rating if they just made sure their servers were halfway decent human beings.Upon my first visit to CMOH, I liked the casual ambience and the outdoor patio. The oysters on the half shell were exceptional, especially with the house-made fresh (and potent!) horseradish. Kinda wakes up your sinuses and makes you say "Boy... Howdy!" This is Japanese wasabi's American cousin driving a monster truck through your uvula!However, there were some misses with the food on the rest of our order. The chipotle hot wings were way too subdued, although the texture was decent. I was hoping for a spicy wing that would grab me by the gooch--alas, these did not. The fried mushrooms were a tragedy. Crispy and breaded on the outside, but when you bit into them they turned to mush.I'd come back for the beer, the interesting crowd, the great outdoor patio or rustic bar interior. I'm advising you order carefully though. Maybe their sandwiches are the big draw (besides the face-smacking, face-hugging oysters).I like Casey Moore's, it's a cool place, and a good option for lunch and late night. For lunch, the service typically takes forever. I've had 1.5-2 hour lunches because it's painfully slow. The food is pretty good and the drinks are strong.The best part of Casey Moore's is the vibe and the atmosphere. It's very laid back and a nice place to hang out.I don't think it's the cleanest of places...One night I saw a cockroach in the tiled area between the bathrooms, which was nasty. There's definitely a dingy element to it, which isn't really my thing but maybe enhances the vibe.It's worth checking out if you're in Tempe and tired of Mill.Oyster House in the Desert?!? Say whaaaa?Believe it or not the oysters are pretty good. Personally, I'm not a fan of the raw oyster's but I love their rendition of Oyster's Rockafeller. I think there lunch specials are also another bright spot of this establishment. If you add them on their facebook, they sometimes post their specials.Aside from their food, their drink selection is rather simple. They don't really offer anything that I can't get anywhere else. The happy hour is not really mind-blowing either. I think a dollar off drafts and specials on wells if I remember correctly.Really, what you are paying for is the ambiance. I get that it's historic and it's got an irish pub type theme, but I didn't really think it was anything special.Oh, I forgot to mention, if you do decide you visit (and if you are male) if you have to use the blarney stone restroom on the outside patio. It's basically a simulated rock fountain that you pee on. Now that I think about it, I guess it sounds more fun after a few pints...I have had both good experiences and mediocre experiences at Casey Moore's.  I find that more often than not, the weather and the crowd dictates the enjoyment of this place.  When the weather is mild or cold this is a really great place to go.  I love the patio seating, it is comfortable and plentiful and the grounds are relatively attractive.  The seating outside is well spaced enough to not have to share your elbow space with strangers, but close enough that you can easily mingle with others.  All around a great patio!The service is fine, but not stellar.  They are usually quite busy, so while the wait staff is pleasant, they are sometimes lacking in attentiveness.  The food has never been bad, but has definitely been mediocre at times.  The one thing that is terrible is the parking.  Since they are always busy, the parking areas are overflowing.  All in all, I like this place.  Only the heat deters me, since I prefer their patio seating over the indoor area.The atmosphere here is a very large social gathering and seems to be a great place for the alternative crowd from mill and college kids. The bartenders are pretty fast and spot on. the prices are average. The food is pretty good, and not too expensive. It's a great place to go to spend an evening with friends or to meet new people. It can get pretty busy and the parking lot is not very big so sometimes you have to walk a little bit, but usually not much.Since it was raining the night we went, we sat inside.

And their spicy beef noodle soup is the bomb.Decent place for "quick" Chinese food on the strip.  Prices are not cheap but it's the strip and it's in the Venetian so get over it.The food quality is generally pretty good.  The soup noodles are nicely chewy and definitely worth getting.  The wok-fried noodles are also tasty and crispy.  The stir-fried baby bok choy were delicious.  Some other items weren't so good - the pot stickers were full of holes and the Shanghai rice cakes were swimming in oil.  The worst item was the beef ... way over-tenderized.   Hey Yan-can-cook!  Take it easy on the baking soda next time!Not a bad place, especially when you consider their extended hours. Plain and simply Asian fare, but tasty enough.Holy Wong Fei Hong Batman!  This place is popping with Asians and Asian noodles! Pow!  Don't know Wong Fei Hong, no worries I gather many "Westerners" wouldn't.  However, they do know one thing -- this place.  Noodle Asia is located inside the Venetian Hotel in Vegas.  I wouldn't think such a restaurant exists in The Venetian, but you know what; it works!Noodle Asia reminds me of the 24 hour cafes located in California.  After a night out for drinks you need some grease!  Noodle Asia has all the classic Asian dishes from Shanghai, Black Peppered, Fried Rice, and Dim Sum too!  Needless to say, this place doesn't play around when it comes to Chinese food.  Tab bit overpriced in my opinion for what you get simply because the protein almost drowned out by the carbs.  Granted I enjoy my carbs, just not too much.  Also, is it me or do I need to drink a lot of water after a meal here?  I guess what I'm trying to say is that it's salty!  Guess that goes well for the "American" diet.  There seems to be a line during the day which is not bad.  The restaurant is located right next to the sports betting area so a quick glance over to see the score is awesome. - Enjoy!Like other reviews before me stated: this place provides DECENT asian noodle soups to cure your hang overs!

I know you will, I know you will at PRIME STEAKHOUSE! - Lana Del Rey (young and beautiful)Honestly if I wasn't able to secure an outdoor patio table, I wouldn't have eaten here. The view was a very big draw for us so I'm happy it worked out.Pros:

Good location! Just the opposite side of metro St. Mathieu!I'm torn.The service (Hao) was great! He was nice, quick, informative (like assisting in trying to find my gluten-intolerant friend a dish so that ordering a bunch of individual parts wouldn't cost her double the price) but still a salesman (offered the potatoes to be gratin for mine). He was quick with our check and polite the whole way through.The food however left me torn. The potatoes were delicious and the serving of fruits was larger than normal (and included 9 different fruits!). Sadly, my eggs Benedict was overcooked, one hard boiled and one half cooked, which really kills the beauty of an eggs Benedict. The thing that finalized the sour taste was our bills. I don't mind paying $14+tax/tip for breakfast, but when you tack on an extra $1.00 for coffee/tea you go down a peg or two in my books. Minus one star for not being able to cook your namesake, and another for charging on something that I've never had to pay for with breakfast.Barely Benedict... I'll give it to them, the fruit bowl was pretty amazing, and even the coffee really hit the spot. But the breakfast potatoes were like a strange potato salad? Pretty disappointing, but the service was excellent.Even though the price range is $$ the portions make it a great value-for-money option. Their moto is making the Sunday fanily brunch interesting and they stick to it, It's a very family and kids place. The place look like a typical American  diner or a Montreal version of Waffle House. The food is very commercial because it's a franchise, the quality is similar to Waffle House. They even charge extra $1 for coffee which is rare in Montreal breakfast places since the coffee is usually complimentary.I took crab cake egg benedicts and enjoyed it much. Wish the potatoes were more spicy (or if there was an option of asking for tabasco). What wins for me is the fruit bowl (and I am not a fruit person), we ordered English cream to go with and it was fantastic!The huge downturn was the staff; they have very poor service. The waitline was super slow and not well-attended. I had to ask for glasses of water and for coffee and for every other service because they weren't attending to our table.Definitely prefer Chez Cora to this.The coffee was a little bitter, but the staff was friendly and fast! Hearty breakfast for a beautiful morning in Montreal.Le restaurant manque de chaleur et fraîcheur. Les pommes de terre bonnes mais pas suffisamment chaude. La sauce des œufs Bénédicte un peu trop épaisse. Serveur courtois et attentionné.  Assiette abondante mais constamment dérangée par des petites mouches à fruits... Ce n'était pas à la hauteur de mes attentes d'un restaurant à déjeunerJe trouve les portions trop grosse. Les prix élevé pour un déjeuner pourrait être plus bas en servant des portions raisonnable. Que de gaspillage de nourriture!

fried rice...not nearly as flavorfulSo........back to Good China for sureFood: Very good chinese-american cuisine, plus a couple Vietnamese and thai dishes. The sauces tasted "made from scratch", not from a can. The vegetables were plentiful and fresh.  The prices amazing for the quality.

I ordered the caniac box and doubles up on the fries instead of the coleslaw. It was enough to feed me twice! The chicken and texas toast was light and fluffy and did not make me feel like I was eating fast food, which was a plus! The fries could have been better, they should offer another side like mash potatoes or onion rings. The sauce was okay, nothing to crave for in my opinion. I would of preferred a spicier sauce.Came in last night with the family and food still lives up to its reputation. Not much have changed except the prices went up for 2015 and the chicken got smaller. Not too sure what the deal is with that but I sure hope it goes back to how the portion sizes were before. I would still go to this location but would seek a different option for the price.If somebody could please explain what the big hooplah is about this place? I have friends that rant and rave about coming here when they visit Las Vegas! I've lived here for about 8 years and have been maybe 3 times! They are extremely overpriced and all for some chicken fingers? The canes sauce is whatever I'm not sure why they glorify this sauce or even the chicken strips! I'm not saying they are nasty I'm just saying that a 6 piece chicken tender meal shouldn't be basically $10! I'd rather spend that at Wing Stop and be on my lucky old way! The fact of the matter is there aren't any flavored you can change to and the sauce options are minimal to none! Only way I'd ever come back is if somebody is paying for me :-)All my friends and co-workers with the palate of a 5-year old swear by this place. The chicken fingers aren't that bad and the crinkle cut fries are okay, but the food gets too cold too soon.Not a fan of the cole slaw and I like that they let you substitute for another sauce or more fries.Although Raising Cane's just opened one by my area in Southern California I decided to try the one in Vegas out when I was in town.  I came here close to midnight on a weekday as Yelp directed me to this one.If I have to be quite honest I had high expectations for this place.  It isn't bad but I think it's more hyped up than anything.  It's pretty generic chicken fingers and nothing terribly special about them.  The concept is great.  All they service is chicken fingers.  Not a lot of restaurants have this concept where they serve one item.  If you're super hungry go for the 6 strip box but I really think the 4 strip combo box is good enough.  The size of the chicken strips are pretty large.  The coleslaw was decent at best but the Texas toast was good.The chicken strips are a bit lackluster and dry but the Cane's sauce makes up for it.  Think of a creamy zesty ranch sauce.  The food was hot, I went through the drive-thru and it came out in a relatively timely manner. Why do I knock two stars?  The food was inconsistent.  Some pieces were incredibly tasty but others just tasted like dried up chicken.   I really want to like this place but until it's more consistent, 3/5.I got the chicken strips and fries. I love me some crunchy chicken strips. I only remember that the sauce was good, but the chicken strips were not notably special. It was just a regular chicken strip with not a great breading or crunch. Moving on to other chicken strips...I think it was good but it didn't jump out to me as much as people hyped it up to. The chicken is a lot better coated and fried compared to most places. It's crispier and the chicken is juicy.The menu is short with 4 items on it but there are some sides and you can order party platters for a lot of people ( or yourself ). When we walked in, the girls behind the counter were a playing around with the cook and didn't even notice us until one of the girls ran out to check the counter. It seems like kids were running the restaurant and the cook was rolling with it. I think I'll choose a different place to eat next time I'm hungry. The restaurant is clean, so that's why I gave it a star, the chicken was nice and crispy so I gave it 2 stars.Raising Canes is one of the only fast food restaurants I'd go to when I need something cheap and quick on the way versus your usual McDonalds, Burger King, Jack In The Box, etc. The chicken there is never frozen and your order is cooked upon ordering. Their famous Cane's Sauce is made from scratch at the store and it's always perfectly consistent. For an average female, I always order the 3 Finger Combo (3 chicken fingers, a Texas toast, fries and a drink) and it's just enough to fill me up. I'm completely addicted to their sweet tea. It's a must get whenever I come here, not too sweet and no bitter or after taste. Their Texas toast is bomb! Order it butter both sides if you like it more crispy! They also have honey mustard which I occasionally replace the Cane's sauce with since I love that as well. The only downside is that their chicken fingers are a hit or miss, juicy or dry. The drive thru is usually packed and wait times can be long especially during peak times.It turns out that the key to a secret that has alluded philosophers, priests and scientists for millenia, has finally been discovered by, of all things, a Chinese restaurant. This place is proud to finally present, that elusive of all things, Happiness. And all for a bargain £5.50 business lunch!Happiness is a sit in and takeaway Chinese restaurant. Inside has a nice feel and  it avoids the often tacky decor of similar places. Like many Chinese it has a small but dedicated vegetarian part to its menu. However if it's animal your after, they have the usual wide range, including duck and spare ribs (I expect they weren't too Happy).At the end of the day Happiness is still quite a typical sit in/takeaway Chinese, with a large menu of fairly inexpensive, western friendly dishes that tend to be on the bit too greasy side for me. But I think my happiness might be found elsewhere.Last night was opening night for Bar + Bistro, and we didn't realize until we got there that it was by invitation only since all food was being comped. I was blown away by their hospitality as they found us a table and invited us to come in and eat for free! Maybe it's because I speak Italian, or it was because we told them about my food blog, but in any case we were stoked. We didn't want to be greedy since they had been so generous so we ordered a couple of salads and shared an entree. Although there is still room for improvement, I thought they did a fantastic job for their first night. The service was friendly and attentive, which was especially amazing considering the place was packed, and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The salads were very good, but extremely similar to one another. They were a little heavy on the bitter leaves for my taste (loads of radicchio and Belgian endive) but they were well dressed and everything was fresh. I thought the $16 price tag normally attached to the lobster salad was a little hefty considering they aren't on the strip, but there was a good deal of the crustacean on top. Our entree was the seafood risotto paella, which had lots of fresh frish, calamari, shrimp and mussels (unfortunately the mussels were green lip mussels and not fresh). The risotto was cooked well and creamy in texture, and the saffron came through adequately. We did pay for alcohol, which was no big deal considering you can get a great glass for $7, just $1 more than the beer. It was unusual that imported and domestic beers are the same price and that cocktails are just a few dollars more, but I don't usually get beer with dinner so I'm fine with that. It's really difficult to rate a place on it's first night, but I give four stars with the expectation that it will live up to it in the future. By the way, they open for regular service on Monday, and lunch service starts May 1st.We went for the painters and poets on Saturday. Lots of people outside, music, and just a great atmosphere.  We go inside, get a table and sat for  20 minutes before our waitress brought our drinks. Wine came in dirty glassees but the waitress did bring clean glasses/wine - after another 12 minutes.  We ordered tapas. One a calamari dish; I thought there was plastic in the batter but the chef told us that the cook didn't clean the cartilage from it. And that sure made me feel better...I liked the fish tacos because they're a unique build your own mini taco deal. They just have to remember that when guests order tapas that includes sauce, they really need to provide spoons.They comped a dessert because of the calamari and the wine issue which was a great thing to do. The staff was friendly but everyone seemed extremely rushed and just not happy. Maybe it's different on any other day besides Saturday so may go back on a week day.Overall, very cool place and people but wait time and some of the dishes could be better. If  more people were on staff during the weekend, things would be much better.What a cool place!!  We went here on a Wednesday night and got the flatbread pizza and sliders.  Both were very good.Will be returning here soon because it's just a cool place to hang out!!Hopefully the Arts District expands here in Vegas.  Really like the vibe!!My girlfriend and I stopped by here for First Friday.  We sat in the bar area so It was a great people watching spot.  We ordered a couple appetizers, the fish tacos and the sliders. I would have liked the sliders better if the bread wasn't so hard.  However, I did like the fish taco platter, as I would describe it, because the ingredients came separate and you assembled the taco yourself.  The winner for me though was the dessert recommended by the waiter, the donut churros with the chocolate sauce.  My only complaint would be we were told about a $2 beer special and it being warm.  I would think it it's the special of the night it would be ready to go cold and I wouldn't have to pour it over ice.The only reason this place is getting 3 stars is due to the food and atmosphere. We went on Open Mic night and observed some true local talent. From the 6 dishes we tried, we are raving about the Cordero Lamb chops, Garlic Pollo, and Filet Steak Sliders. I'm not a big lamb fan, but they managed to cook out that distinct flavor and keep it tender. The Garlic Pollo was a party in my mouth. So flavorful, I want the recipe! We were bummed when they told us they were out of banana foster baklava, after we ordered and waited 5 minutes. The service went downhill from that point. We were served by a Bartendar because they were so short staffed. Mind you it was a Saturday night. We ordered the Churro Donuts instead and waited at least 30 minutes before receiving the food. She told us that the kitchen lost the ticket, but that it would be out shortly. We were then transferred to another server, who didn't have a clue about the Restaurant. com Gift Certificate I had given our previous Server/ Bartendar. The Chef (possibly also the Manager/ Owner) gave us two free drink tickets, our desert was comped, and we also rec'd a free slider because it was double ordered. They also gave us a 25% discount, which I orginally thought was my gift certificate. Once the check was corrected, we lost the 25% discount and they took off a dish, but added a beer, making the check discounted $5. I was so confused, as was the server at the time, so I don't believe any of the poor service was intentional. However, I must note, that when my boyfriend went to the bar to retrieve our free drinks, the Bartendar thought he was mad at her, and confessed to forgetting to order our desert all together. How Lame is that? Overall, the menu had so many tastey items, that I would likely give them another go. Oh, I almost forogt to mention, the Watermelon Sangria is a Must Have!I am giving Bar + Bistro 3 stars because of atmosphere, overall food quality and I have a soft spot for the LV arts district.My husband and I visited Bar + Bistro for the first time in the summer of 2010 on a quiet weeknight and thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the black tagliatelle with scallops and pink peppercorns and the hubs had that nights special which was chicken alla fiorentina. The chicken was stuffed with spinach and some sort of ham and cheese (probably prosciutto and mozzarella), and finished with a luxurious brown sauce of some sort. My dish was outstanding, but I tried my husbands chicken and it was marvelous. I could have licked the sauce off of the plate and would probably give up my first born to have the recipe. I also had a cucumber gin cocktail that was outstanding. The only bad thing about our meal was the cheesecake which was a bit dry, but our waiter took it off of the check for us.Now moving on to the not so great part...Its now been about a year since that first visit and I must say that our most recent visit was not met with the same caliber as our first visit last year.This second time around, we visited the restaurant during "Painters on the Patio," which seemed like a good idea upon arrival as the outdoor patio was bustling with artists and poets performing over an open mic. But we came to regret this decision due to blaring music and poetry recitals that made it impossible to converse without yelling. Had the staff made it a point to close the bar door, this would not have been a problem. And it was busy, which is normally a good sign, but upon being seated (promptly mind you) we noticed that the restaurant seemed to be a bit short staffed and overwhelmed. We were disappointed to find that the menu had changed from the initial modern European concept to a Spanish menu, as we were looking forward to enjoying the Italian dishes we had on our initial visit. But we ordered regardless and enjoyed the food. Everything we had was very flavorful and prepared with care. Since we had a party of 4, we ordered a slew of tapas that included the sweet potato fries, the caprese slider, 4 cheese mac, french onion soup and cordero chops. The sangria was good but was a bit warm and the ice melted quickly which watered down the overall beverage. My husbands beer was also a bit warm and he was a bit annoyed by the minuscule portion size of the cordero chops, as he was expecting something more substantial for $12.Don't get me wrong, we are more than willing to shell out cash for good food, however this was hard to justify since service was lacking. Our waitress did not tell us her name and would often disappear without a trace or ignore us. The wait time for our food was very long as the dishes slowly trickled out. It took 10 minutes for the waitress to provide us with silverware and one person in out party waited another 10 minutes for a spoon for her onion soup. We had to flag our waitress down when our water glasses were empty. Midway through our service, we ordered the donut churros which did not appear after we finished our tapas. We had to flag down another waiter when our waitress couldn't be found to find out what was going on. He went and got our waitress and she then told us that it would be about a 20 min wait for the donut churros, after we had already been waiting. We then asked for the check which took another 10 minutes to appear. We also noticed other tables that had not received their orders for quite some time.When we were leaving our waitress apologized for the wait. Overall, we were there for 2.5 hours.....for tapas. This is unacceptable. I really want to like this restaurant. The food is great and I love the atmosphere and how it caters to artists, but this service leaves much to be desired and it seemed that the kitchen had some hiccups as well. I may give it another go on a slower weeknight in the future, but the rest of my party was not as enthusiastic.i say OK. took a little longer to get our order in after being seated ...on a really slow night. but the food was good. i think the drink prices ar a lil high. and not enough outdoor seating.they are pet friendly which is a plus but im sure thats outdoor only and its hard to get a spot out side when there is only 3 or 4 tables.The food is great, the enterior is great, but the food servings are a little small and the prices are a little too high for the area. If you are around Casino Center and Charleston and have extra money to burn, then stop in. Wednesday nights are great to go to and watch the Flameology fire spinners outside on the patio area, or on Saturdays you can listen to some whack job poets out there. I give it 3 stars because of the portion size and price. If you go to the bar attached to it, you'll dig the place, but not the drink prices. They are about about 20% more than Artifice RIGHT next door.This restaurant is included in the dining guide "Eating Las Vegas: The 50 Essential Restaurants".  Here is a list of what we ordered:1) Alcapurras - Kobe beef, pacheta, sofrito, black currants, achiote, green banana, taro root croquetas, sofrito cream sauce. (lacked flavor, 2 Forks)

The only concern I have about this place is the location. The parking here sucks! cars are constantly blocking other cars and in the past month, I've witnessed 2 hit and runs.. omg. When I go here, I usually park it next door where the 99 Ranch Market is and walk..... :)Service here are not so great. But who is normally at a tea place for their service anyways. As for their milk tea, it was still very sweet even with 1/3 of sugar. I really wish there tea could be more stronger. Since its too light for my taste.I was in the area and decided to grab a boba drink since I haven't had any since leaving Orange County.  I guess since I was spoiled by OC's variety of boba shops, just wasn't the same.  I didn't find anything special/interesting on the menu or that stood out.  Overall, the service was very nice and the place had plenty of tables.  Sad to say for parking.. Place is packed with many stores sharing the same lot and it gets pretty crowded during certain hours.  My drink came out and what was expected; wasn't too bad nor impressing. I'll have to try a few more places around the area to really see where Tea Station stands.Side note: parking is a pain.I love using this place as a meeting spot to chat and eat. This Taiwanese restaurant is pretty good and I love their Boba tea drinks. Their Bobas are pretty fresh not rubbery and chewy like other places.. I have been going to this place since high school, and would chill and relax here on the weekends play cards  and socialize. The reason why i gave this 3 star is because their service sucks. They take forever to take your order or to clean up, they don't check on you..Then again what Asian restaurant ever gives good service.  So Im pretty use to it.. I give it a 3 1/2 star too bad Yelp does not do 1/2s.. hehe I would still go back here it's a great place to chill and socialize while grabbing some food and drinks that are pretty good. Just don't expect good service. I highly recommend getting the passion fruit tea and for the food get the pork chops.I love sweets but their drinks are too sweet. I recommend asking for your drinks with easy sugar or no sugar. I ordered the rose milk tea no sugar and it was

-Miso Soup - Standard

Cheeseburger was ok but small for the price.

Tell your server to bring the corn and potatoes with your seafood.HNJ Crawfish is just ok. For some reason my friend got his food right away and I didn't get mine for another 20 minutes by which time he had already finished. I got the snow crab and it was decent though nothing special imo.Crawfish and Shrimp isn't too bad here. Nothing crazy or special. This is pretty much similar to Boiling Crab in San Jose, Ca. It's really crowded in here. And the service is super slow.remember to SUCK THE HEAD. It's where all the juice and flavor is.My friend took us to this place off the strip.  He was really craving some Cajun-style seafood and he definitely knew of this place.  It's one of his favorites.  As for me, it's just A-OK.They have really great service here.  Even though we were here with only half the party, they sat the first half and let us order first.  It took over 30 minutes for the other half of our party to arrive.  That was really accommodating.I had some of the shrimp and corn with the hot'n'juicy seasonings.  It was good and what I expected out of this place.  Decently fresh seafood with some spices.The things I don't like about these places are that they aren't environmentally friendly at all.  You're doing this picnic style with plastic bags, styrofoam cups, plastic utensils.  They even dole out rolls of paper towels.  I can't get behind that kind of restaurant or paying through the nose to de-shell my own seafood.Still, the food is above decent and I always love me some good seafood.The homies always drag me here when in Vegas. They love it. I'm not a fan of crawfish. But must say this place is pretty good. Must try!Talk about a feast! Come hungry, leave stuffed! There was a 20 minute wait (friday night, not bad) and there was a line of about 25 + people outside waiting to be seated. I ordered the Blue Crab, garlic-butter-was pleasantly surprised. Spice levels are about 10 notches higher than whatever you order so BEWARE. Prices are reasonable, food was good.I think the food was good and the service was better than good. I think my review comes down to how messy the food is and much you have to work to get to it. I will prob try this place again but I am not sure if it is really that special. If you love seafood and working to eat it than this might just be your place. If you are not a big seafood fan than I think you might think about this place the same as I did. I had crawfish, shrimp and crab. I enjoyed two out of the three, though there was a lot of work getting the crawfish and the crab as to be expexted I guess. I enjoyed the shrimp most which I ordered medium with sausage, corn and potatoes. If I come back here again this is what I will be ordering. Overall for me just an ok place to eat. Prob a little over hyped.It tasted great. The service was great. ....but a terrible thing happened.I ordered the king crab and clams. While I was eating a clam; I piece of a prawn's exoskeleton creeped into my mouth. I cannot handle tentacles and the sauce was loaded with prawn parts!I realize that this is a place that your "food touches" but pawns are just the things of nightmares and it kinda spoiled the crab. (and for $26 a pound.... it shouldn't be spoiled with drifting pieces-parts of other animals.)my rating is low bec. I compared "Hot N Juicy" with "Boiling Crab"#1 the waitresses in boiling crab is hands down way cuter and friendlier. there was a server that we asked "how long is the wait, we have been waiting 15min already", he replied "well good for you" then left. I was ready to punch that idiot there and then....i calmed down and we were seated in a booth#2 the booth made my back hurt. It was sinking too much in the butt area and was not giving way in the legs area. if you were there to lounge and have some drinks, this would have been nice but you need to eat on the table and it was a task to lean forward for us to eat.we ordered 2 lbs. of crawfish with the special sauce in mild level(mild level was for my  Girlfriend)....#3 their mild level sauce is like a hot level sauce. I am not a big fan of spicy hot stuff but i could take some heat. I like wasabe, kimchi, the rooster sauce, tabasco i even eat a pickled jalopeno on its own with out trouble. but the mild sauce that this place offers made the surrounding of our lips look like it had wind burn. either the waitress or food server made a mistake or their mild level is way too hot to be mild.so bottom line: WILL I GO BACK.....NO!, "Boiling Crab" is just a few minutes awayThis review is for the location closest to hwy 15. The reason for 3 stars, their 'mild' was still very spicy that I could not enjoy the food as much as I wanted to.  And the crab (whole dungeness crab) that my friend ordered was not packed with meat.  It was if the middle cavity, which is the best part of the crab, had all the meat taken out.  Weird. Otherwise, the shirmps were jumbo and sweet.  The service was spot on.  Our server Javier was very attentive given a busy Friday night. Gloves were given to each table in case you didn't want to get your hands covered in sauce.  Crab crackers were also given at every table who ordered crab.  Free soda refills table side was given at the drop of the hat.I had visited this place for the very first time and I did not have a good experienced eating here. I had place a mild order for the sauces on a pound of shrimp. I guess they have a different interpretation of mild. I could not taste the shrimp because it was too hot for me. So that was a negative point  for me and I did not went back for a while. Our usual place was not open till 3PM we could not wait any longer because we were hungry and we thought to give this place another try. This time I ordered a pound of shrimp with no spice at all zero! It came out good but they missed out one order. I have to ask 3 times!for that...  Have to waved somebody to have a refill etc... I did not want to elaborate more on to the negativity of the service. I rather suggest for the improvement. More added help would be nice, so we the customer can get more the attention on our dining experience. Good service good  tip..works both ways. More training on the wait staff on how to take orders. One of these days maybe we will be back and give it another try and update this rating. I hope it will be a better experience with a great review. Who knows third time might be a charm.Get ready to get messy and sloppy (in a sober way).Went here with a friend cause he was drunk and hungry. Yeah, I had to babysit.Ordered 2 pounds of crawfish (so I can get corn and potato), mild spicy-ness and hot and juicy flavoring. Mmmm-mmmm-mmm! Delish.Do expect to get your hands dirty. Use a spoon to scoop out some of that deliciousness of juice onto your crawfish (after peeled). But expect the service to be just okay. They forgot to get me my bucket of calamari.For the price, it's aight. Kinda expensive but hey, it's still good. Why 3 stars? 1. they need to expand and 2. service needs to be good or better.This place is an experience.  The shrimp and crawfish (order by the pound) come in these plastic bags that are filled with sauce.  Sometimes your sides will come in the bags as well (sausage, or corn on the cob).  You can experiment with different sauce combos.  You get to wear a bib and gloves so you don't get dirty, but you will somehow manage to get sauce on your pants or something.  It's a pretty novel concept.  Service here is excellent!  They'll teach you how to eat crawfish and are very happy in generalits okay...kindy spendy for a little amount of foodspent 22 dollar each person i got the blue grab and my friend got the 1 lb shrimp plus a dozen oyster...its good...but its kind of time consumingoysters are not good....if you like shrimp and crawfish than its good...if not... its only going to be okay....I prefer the boiling crab restaurant over hot and juicyStopped by on our way home from Vegas. The food was good, I actually like their sauce better than Boiling Crab (LA). However, the waitress def could not explain the spice levels to us, they way she talked about the food made me not order as much as I normally do. She basically said the Cajun fries are too hot, and to order the mild sauce because the medium is too hot for her. This was after I told her I like spicy foods. I def could of gone for the medium sauce, and I probably would of tries the Cajun fries if she didn't dissuade me from getting them. Not a great way to sell your product! Would of given then 4 Stars but they made one of my friend chicken wings instead of fried shrimp, it took foreeverrrr for it to get corrected and they still handed is a bill with the chicken wings (their mistake). Would go back but they need to work on their service.When I saw this place we were expecting NOLA cajun crawfish. It was far from it.  The food  good for the most part, the spices and sauce were overwhelming. It was not spicy since i got mild. It was just so much in the bag. New Orleans crawfish boil is simpler but with big flavor. But i can see why people might like it here. Just not my cup of tea. However, the service was excellent. I am curious of how much plastic, styrofoam  and paper they throw out!Loved the music and vibe in there but the food was just alright.I went here to grab dinner one evening. My friend and I were seated quickly. The service, however, was slow after that. We had to track down a few waiters to ask for drinks and then order food. It didn't seem like a busy night. The food was alright, nothing that spectacular. I am glad I tried it once. If someone wanted to eat here again, I would. I am not sure I would go here from craving crawfish.Who doesn't love a pound of spicy fish, a ridiculous bib, and some spicy Andouille  sausage. HnJ is always jumping and fairly packed with people so be prepared.   The shrimp aren't the pretty cooked ones you purchase from the grocery store so be prepared for eyeballs looking at you. I love this place and when they say spicy realize they mean it.I think I overhyped this place, not only for myself, but for everyone else who came with me. What can I say? I heard great things about this place, but when it came down to tasting the food myself, the excitement suddenly stopped. I mean, the sauce was decent. However, my brothers complained that the sauce was too plain, and that their shrimp and crawfish were not drenched enough in sauce. Also, the sauce was surprisingly not as spicy as the server described it to be. I must say, I certainly did NOT like the sausages that I ordered. Worst sausages in my life. I seriously could not force it down for the life of me. It was also a no-go with the chicken nuggets for me. I recall cafeteria nuggets tasting better... Service was a bit slow and unorganized. The place was pretty darn small too. Once the dinner rush started, many parties ended up huddled around the bathroom. Not very comfortable if you ask me. I think I might try the newer Hot n Juicy the next time I'm in town. My brothers raved about the newer location being better than the kickin krab (my absolute fav) back at home. Unfortunately, I went with the overall statistics of THIS place and paid the price: cranky brothers and an unsatisfied stomach.the sauce was really great!This is a great seafood place. If you're in the mood for something special try this place out. I love the sauces here,  but bit much of butter in some of the sauces so be warned.Good service with well seasoned seafood except for the taste less oysters that I don't recommend to anyone who loves oysters.I gave it three stars because the flavor was good!! Crawfish was not fresh I can tell it was frozen and some of the meat was mushy!Pretty good but felt like crawfish was lacking something. Maybe lack sweetness in the meat or not alot of meat. I dont know what though... good if youve never tried it.FINALLY!  after seeing this on tv and after going to vegas numerous times...i finally was able to get off the strip and make it over here!  was able to cross this off my list!we came on a saturday night around 6PM.  there was alotta people outside already.  the wait was only about 40 mins. i expected it to be a lot longer!  same concept as our infamous boiling crab.  we had the shrimp and the crawfish in the hot n juicy seasoning = our shabang sauce at boiling crab.  to be honest, if i never ate boiling crab i would prob really like this.  i have to say boiling crab wins though.  our flavors are so much more intense!  we had the an order of fries= ok and the wings were ok..they reminded me of the ones from the lunch truck.  prices by pound were a lot more then what we charge here. service is pretty good here.  everyone is pretty attentive.  sorry hot n juicy but boiling crab still holds my heart!This is my first time coming here and now I wonder why I've never been here. I came with a friend and she and I had a pound of shrimp and crawfish both mild and original hot n juicy seasoning. It was soo good and a like spicy but that was pretty spicy for a mild. I definitely will be coming back to try the Dungeness crab and king crab legs. The only reason I gave them a 3 star was bc our server wasn't the best. I'm used to having great service, which also makes the experience great and invites you to come back again. When taking our drink order she didn't even let my friend finish before taking off. When she came back to take our order, she seemed more interested looking somewhere else than paying attention. All in all she seemed rushed to take off and it wasn't even busy at all. Slow down and take your time lady.I've driven passed this building thousands of times. I never really noticed it, until I went to New Orleans, and fell in love with crawfish! Then I saw it featured by Adam Richmond, on Man VS Food! I've been wanting to try it, ever since.Tonight, I was able to try it. I must say my favorite dish is Crawfish Étouffée! I was disappointed that they only offer it, as a side dish.I had a pound of Crawfish, which was fresh, tasty, but very hard to eat! I found myself struggling to get some meat! They serve it in a bag, with no utensils, so don't wear a long sleeve shirt, because it's messy. With that said, be prepared to freeze before getting your meal... I'm not sure why they run the AC so high, but once you dig in to your meal, it will warm you up.  I would suggest going in there with at least 3 people, and sharing. They offer more than crawfish. They have shrimp, lobster, oysters, and many forms of crab.They need to clean the bathrooms more! My wife told me the Women's bathroom was a mess, and when I went into the men's room,  I had to stand way back, to not step in pee.I look forward to going back. Although a few negative aspects of the place, the food is well priced, and delicious. It's the only place in town I've had fresh crawfish... So I have nothing to compare it to. I believe it's the only place in town that has crawfish flown in daily!I love the food in this place I've been here 3 times. But all 3 times servers was terrible. Food was great the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because of my servers. Last time I went we ordered rice and it took 45 minutes for the rice to finally be served on our table and everyone else got theirs, we spoke to 3 servers to get a rice. A simple rice. And when we order our servers never seem to pay Attention.Fun place to try out. I found the shrimp was a lot better than the crawfish. You just don't get enough meat from the crawfish. Overall the food wasn't really my cup of tea.Its Ok, Not the best But great service and foodNormally people rave about Hot N Juicy. It's just okay for me. I've been at different times of the day. I have gone at 10:30 and stayed until midnight. The last time I went was in the middle of the afternoon at around 1:30. The service was really good. Granted, there were only 3 or 4 tables, but they were still really attentive. I arrived first and waited for my friend. They seated me immediately me and brought me water and my bib. I did have to wait for my friend for a bit as she ran on Filipino time. The servers kept checking on me to ask me if I was ready to order.  We both ordered a half pound of shrimp. It is very nice that with shrimp, we can order half a pound. My friend ordered the lemon pepper medium spicy. I ordered hot n juicy medium spicy as well. I love the taste of mine. Whenever I order shrimp, I always get lemons, limes, salt and pepper and dip my shrimp in it. This is very very messy, so I would never order shrimp to go because it's a mess. I think part of the reason is that I get so grossed out because the shrimp isn't peeled and deveinned, so you still that gross line that you can see while you eat. Next time, I might just devein all my shrimp after peeling it.  Something else that bothers me about the shrimp is that the flavor is all encased on the outside. The actual shrimp has no flavor. After I peel the shrimp, I still have to drench it in sauce. The service is very superior here, though!Idk about this place it's good but I went with 12 people and honestly after a couple of hours I'm still hungry.  They served us bugs, shrimp, mussels, clams, snow crab, fries, calamari.  The mussels clams and crab were excellent.  The shrimp sucked the crawfish tastes just like it does when my la boys bring us some.  But considering our 12 people having a 400 dollar bill.  Not what I expected.  The service was great food over all was lacking for me.  It's a place you should try with a large group.First, I've never seen so much wasted food packaging in my life! I'm smiling when saying that humorously, but it's true!!! Styrofoam cups. Styrofoam bowls. Plastic bags. Paper napkins. Plastic table cloth. Things to note- if you just got your nails did and are craving your seafood boil fix, never fear. Ask for plastic gloves. My mom brings her own dishwashing gloves to crawfish boils, but they will provide you some plastic ones upon request. Took Yelper advice and got half a pound of shrimp. Shrimp were slightly overcooked. After you peel it, dunk it around in the sauce so it can get more flavor on it! Sauces are nice. We also got the fried cajun calamari, and it's really not good... just generic fried frozen calamari that is overly tough. Don't get that.Crawfish itself is not in season now, so expectation management is always important. They will likely inform you that it is frozen. A pound of it won't get you very far though.  Some of the girls working there will tell you "mild" is actually "medium" for most people, but I would disagree. Mild tastes like "mild" with just a minor punch to it.Service was great. The girls working were all very sweet and nice.For calamari, half a pound of shrimp, a pound of crawfish, a half order of sausage, two potatoes, and a Diet Coke, our total was $33 before tip. It's not exactly cheap for frozen seafood. A fun experience for locals that have no where else to turn for a seafood boil, but a little on the price-heavy side.Okay, first of the service was sloooow and it wasn't even busy. The two of the workers were standing up at the computer staring like they were trying to do a Chinese algebra equation. The One guy that was serving was helpful in handling our check and he wasn't even our server. Maybe our server just started our something.The bonus about this joint vs any other crab/shrimp place is they have disposable gloves. They also have the little towlettes but never bring them to you until they bring your check. A little too late by then, just sayin'. They're sauces are nice though and their fritters are bomb ($5.95)This location is usually quicker to get seated compared to their other restaurant on spring mountain so I chose this hot and juicy.  I love the green mussels & shrimp.  My preference is garlic butter with no spice.  Baby spice is still a little too spicy for me.  Have had issues with their servers not relaying no spice to the kitchen properly.  There is specific verbiage to order my preference which is "butter & minced garlic only."  I couldn't remember the exact verbiage but described what I wanted and the server said she knew what i was describing.  My order came out wrong & I asked to get it corrected.  The manager on duty came to my table & proceeded to lecture me about how she told me the verbiage in the past.  First of all, the servers should be trained better so they know how to accurately write an order.  BTW - My server told me she was new and still learning.  Secondly, the manager on duty should politely tell the customer the problem will be fixed and not lecture.  Its not the customers responsibility to write an order so the kitchen knows what to make.  I would give 5 stars because i love the food here but I'm deducting 2 stars since I've had problems here.This is just a fun place to go, but not worth the work. We ordered shrimp and snow crab, both had great flavor. Of course, I wanted some rice to spoon the sauce over. I might take tourists here for something unique, or I may come back if I crave this specific flavor, but otherwise I don't see myself coming here "just because."I would totally pay more money for gloves that were appropriately sized. I despised those one-size-fits-all cheap plastic gloves that slide all over the place.The food was okay. Not the best crawfish I've ever had but it was pretty decent. The customer service was great though. Prices were also okay.Mediocre food. Got 1 lb of shrimp with 1/2 a lb of sausage and 2 potatoes mild..wasn't as spicy as the server said everything was. Granted it has flavor but the spice lacked. The rice was hard like it had been sitting in the rice cooker for a while. Cajun fries were good but everything else was just eh.We're from Texas where the crawfish are always fresh and amazing. So seeing as how Hot and Juicy is so popular and reviews say it's soooo "amazing", we decided to stop in before hitting the road to Cali. Their crawfish was $11.99 a lb, and nowhere on the menu did it state that the crawfish came frozen. If we knew I would've never ordered it. We ordered 10 lbs and although the sauces/seasonings were good, the meat was so tough. I was so upset when it came and the sticker on the bag said "Frozen". Took them forever to seat us, forever to take our Order and the waitresses all had attitude and were short. Im usually really passive and patient when eating out because I used to waitress and still work in the service industry, but for such a "famous" restaurant, our experience sucked. I gave them 3 stars because the crab and lobster was good and so was the seasoning. We had to walk up to ask for extra bowls and spoons and even our check AND TO PAY, you'd think seeing as how we were the biggest party and our tab was $300 they'd somewhat cater to our needs, nope.I'm not a big sea food person, but I came here with a group of friends and put my best foot forward. Everyone in my group loved their food, but the service and server Tiffany was absolutely ridiculous it felt like all we did was inconvenience her at every turn. If it wasn't for Em our new server,  our experience would have been a lot worse for me and my group.The etouffee was good as were the chicken wings.  Some of the shrimp was rubbery.I prefer boiling crab. I think this place is a bit over hyped just because it was on TV. The food was just OK, not amazing. The service was great though, and we got there early on a weeknight so we didn't have to wait. My main issue was that they were out of crawfish when we visited. It was kind of the reason we wentBeing from Louisiana, my crawfish expectations are high.  The reason why I give this review a 2.5 (rounded off) is simply because of their hot/spicy sauce that they sautéed the crawfish in. If not for the sauce, I would have given this a 1. The crawfish itself was over cooked to the point where it broke apart when you try to peel it, similar to eating dead crawfish. The tails of the crawfish was bland due to the fact that they boil the crawfish with little seasonings to none at all, then they sautéed it with their signature sauce. The sauce was very flavorful and I think that's what made it for me. The amount of crawfish oil they added was insane though! It was spicy, but the spiciness was due to the oil, not from the seasonings. Nonetheless, it was very unique and memorable.Came here on Sunday, right when it opened... so there's no wait! At the beginning, the service was good until I guess they got more people and then our service was basically nonexistent... The water refill game was not on point. We had a party of 7 and our server was the guy with the man bun (forgot his name).The food:

My bad for not seeing the "tempura" part. I wanted a vegetable...fried veggies just don't make sense - what's the point? Aside from being deep-fat fried, these poor things are doused in truffle oil and heavily salted. After forcing ourselves to finish the sprouts, there was a good teaspoon-ful of oil at the bottom. Veggies aren't supposed to give you a heart attack. 2/5Fried Chicken:

All this we washed down with a perfectly good Morgon leaving no room whatsoever for desert.Next time, and there will be a next time, I will try their Foie gras poutine - if I can figure out which red goes best with it.I have to say, I had expectations. And they weren't exactly met. The food was good, but (and I can't believe I'm saying this), it was too indulgent. Visited in December  2013. We had a pretty simple order. An appetizer. Two mains. Drinks. The off-menu Christmassy appetizer, which was a slice of foie gras, fruit cake, and goat cheese, was interesting. It was an odd melange of flavours, but we didn't come here for typical restaurant fare. So the appetizer got us excited for the mains. My date had duck in a can. It was pretty good from what I tasted. Today all she remembers is plate full of Brown and won't be eating foie gras again, though she's glad she's tried it. I had the off menu (and highly recommended by our server) veal shank with cauliflower mash. The mash was amazing. Really soft textures with a few lumps here and there. Mixed in with the juices of the shank and you got this beautiful velvety texture. Definite win. The shank left more to be desired. Not because it was small (it was epic meal time huge) but because the flavours transformed from beefy goodness to oh-my-god-this-carcass-never-ends. And that's what it felt like after a while. The soft texture eventually reminded me of cutting and chewing into raw flesh. And with the gamey smell and the beefy flavour just lingering in my mouth, I had to abandon the dish. I never abandon dishes. And I didn't abandon this one because it was too much food and I was too full, but because the flavours and textures became repulsive halfway through the experience. I only got though 1/3 of that shank. I don't regret trying this place but it's unlikely I'll return.This was our second time to Au Pied de Cochon, after having an excellent meal the first time. Unfortunately, this time around we were slightly less impressed...the meatloaf, which was one of the specials of the day, was very salty and the staff forgot that it was my boyfriend's birthday, even though I had made a special request when making the reservation and reminded our waiter during the meal.Having said that, the food is generally quite tasty and the ambience is lively.  The staff is friendly and professional, but disappointing that they would forget a special occasion, since you would expect more from such a quality establishment.My group of 4 had a reservation at 7 pm on a Sunday, and it's a good thing we did. We were visiting Montreal from the States and heard this place was great (mostly based on the yelp reviews). It was hard to know what to get because the menu was not very descriptive, in French or English. Our server listed off all the non-menu items they had that day, and it was a LOT. This made it hard to remember and sort through what sounded good. I think we were okay with the food we got, although we thought it was quite overpriced.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed Au Pied du Cochon. I'd even go as far as recommending it to anyone visiting Montreal. I don't regret eating there - but I wouldn't be upset if I never ate there again.Au Pied du Cochon is a culinary experience unlike any I've ever had. I'm not sure it's counterpart exists in the US. It's pure gluttony. The menu doesn't have much finesse - it punches you in the face with flavor and foie. I enjoyed every dish we had, but wouldn't rave about any of them. The duck in a can was good, the duck carpaccio was better, the tuna belly was tasty, but none of it blew me away. Most tasted good for a bite or two, and then wore me down with its richness. Especially the beef osso buco, which was the thickest osso buco I've ever tasted. I enjoyed eating at APdC. It's an experience worth having while in Montreal. The service and ambiance are awesome. But would I put in the same sentence as Joe Beef? No, definitely not. You want to eat at Joe Beef every weekend - you want to eat at APdC once, and then go hibernate for a year.Good, but not great foie gras (great foie gras does not need to be drowned in a  balsamic or any other glaze!). The duck in a can works and the foie packed with it works better there too; the pot of assorted meats got good marks as well. An Italiante eggplant and pasta starter didn't work and shouldn't have been served, and the beef tongue was good without being particularly distinguished for those who grew-up with and enjoy tongue. We understand that the deafening noise level is part of the experience--although we don't appreciate it, but the real let-down was the service, or lack thereof. Despite having an early reservation and ordering without delay, staff kept wandering by without either noticing or at least responding to empty glasses (yes, we did want to order another round!). Oh, and to the server who promised to wrap-up the last of the meat pot to go--yes, we finally gave up and went; not planning to return.This restaurant looked very promising when i typed in "best french restaurants" in Montreal. Unfortunately, i feel like its a bit hyped up/ overrated. I am being generous for giving it 3 stars, it is probably just not my cup of tea. Location/ Ambiance:

3) slow on refills

The mixed drinks are great!

*For the purposes of contextualization of this review, Reveille: sunrise; Retreat: sunset.

       On another occasion, one of us left the room alone (the rest of the girls were already at the pool), and realized that she had left her card in the room. The door had already shut behind her. The housekeeper was in the hall and witnessed this taking place, but said that she could not let the girl into the room without ID. The ID was in the room.

As fas as the place itself-SUper noisy...above all the machines going, there was a big crowd in there who didn't even appear to be enjoying anything from there. Service was super slow and I had a time constraint. Went with a friend who didn't seem too particularly excited about his shake either.

- white chocolate mousse "cake pop"

Anyway, I have some food intolerances, the main one being dairy. Yes, that's tough in an Italian restaurant, but not impossible. Our server was very happy to check back in the kitchen on the ingredients in different dishes. In the end I got a custom dinner that worked well for me. The portions were very large. Mine looked like I hadn't even eaten any of it!

Good:1. Salads and cheesy bread are consistently good. Also the cheesy bread is enormous and costs less than a draft beer. Since it comes with marinara sauce, the cheesy bread is a cost effective hack for a medium pizza. Homemade balsamic vinaigrette is also solid.

Lamb chops were juicy and not overcooked.All-in-all a good time was had by all. We'd return with another coupon. This place is a bit pricey.The ambiance was great. The service was great.  The wine was great. Unfortunately, the food was nothing to write home about.Great little spot on St Hubert! Very friendly gal behind the counter who was generous with the samples, and lots of daily flavours to try. I was feeling hot and sticky so I went with the Lemon Lime which was so tart and sour I was forced to pull some fairly unattractive faces but was fully pleased by the flavour punch and the chewy candied lemon rind inside. Next time I'll try what looks like a house specialty, the coffee with St Henri roasters espresso. Looks like there are also some nice sandwich and homemade lemonade options, and definitely some comfortable wooden tables to plunk down at. We couldn't find a bathroom, which was odd, and my friend was given mango instead of the mandarine she ordered, but neither of these were a big deal.Good ice creams if you don't like them too creamy.

SPAGHETTI: BF's pick, and his favorite for the night. Classic but well-made spaghetti with tomato and basil. I agree with another reviewer who said this dish tasted like the pasta version of a margherita pizza.

Service = 1-2

-pretty clean

Service:  3/5

I don't smoke the cannibis. Here you can get a beer but not saki,I usually love Fuddrucker's,

HOR MOK PHUKET: Curry fish cake wrapped in banana leaf. Probably my favorite dish that I ordered, with just the right amount of heat and a comforting combination of curry and fish, formed into a patty and wrapped like a gift. I especially liked how fresh thai basil leaves were also included in the packet. I know the menu is intended to be skewed more toward the "street foods" of Thailand, but it seemed like there were far too many safe, predictable dishes on the menu. Perhaps a separate "street" menu would be more helpful? I find myself more likely to return to their sister restaurant, Chada Thai, than come back- but I do want to try the crab fried rice and crab larb dishes with a wine or two. I am heartbroken that they don't have khao soi though, that's the ultimate disappointment here.This being our 3rd visit, we started off with yum yod tua (pea sprouts, shrimp, ground pork, onion, chili, lime and fish sauces, and crispy shallot) that was tasty but, a little too spicy for one of us. Our shared entrees were pad ped pla duk (crispy catfish with chili paste and green beans) and sen mee kang pou (their signature crab curry with rice noodles) The crispy catfish was the highlight of the meal while their signature crab curry was a disappointment because the noodles were stuck together rendering them almost uneatable.Chada Street, I REALLY wanted to love you. I did. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Chada Thai so I had incredibly high hopes for you. We went in on a slow night and there were only about 5 or 6 seated tables. The place is SUPER cute and cozy, love the decor. LOVE the music they play in both restaurants. But then there was the breakdown in service and food. Now don't get me wrong...the servers were extremely nice but the food came out SO SLOW. Like, epically slow. Unless there was only one cook in the kitchen, I just cant figure out what that problem was. The restaurant never reached more that 5 to 7 seated tables during our 3 1/2 hr dinner. Thankfully we hadn't seen our friend in years and had tons of catching up to do so it helped me not lose my sh*t over the amount of time we waited between each dish. We also had a vegetarian with us that I made very extremely clear that she would be ordering her own dish for dinner, well her plate of food came out almost 30 mins after our food came out. I finally had to ask "Where is our friends food?! We have been incredibly rude eating in front of her!!!" they said it would be right out and it was another 10 mins later, only after I shot the server a stern look from across the dining room. And when her dish came out she had asked for mild but her dish was so hot it burned all of our throats. And none of us are wimps to spice, we just prefer to taste our food. They also forgot my side dish of fried rice. Oh well, I wasn't going to make a fuss at that point over rice. I would like to give them a second chance because they were nice, didn't have a problem that we stayed so long (even though this was mostly due to our slow food service) and the ambiance is very nice there. I'm going say that this must have been an off night with the chef or perhaps low staffing. I will definitely be back and will update at a later point in time.Good tasting food BUT they price their wine and other drinks way more than other places detracting from a value.Just so we are clear, I'm only giving three stars because of the service. It's almost bad enough to not go back. The kitchen is the saving grace. Yum Hoi oysters were yum. Haha  yeah. They were a bit spicy but it's Thai so it's to be expected. The oyster is lost in all the garnish so I was glad the garnish was tasty. It has cilantro, red onions, Thai chilies, lemongrass and what was probably rice vinegar with some fish sauce.Pea sprout salad was phenomenal. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and it included ground pork. The sprouts are cooked so it isn't a cold dish. The dressing was perfect and not overpowering.We also had a roll which was lettuce, vermicelli, mint and pork meatloaf. Not great but I don't care for mint in food.

Will I stay here again? Definitely, but I do hope they make a few fine tuning improvements.This is not your average Holiday Inn Express. The staff is super friendly and attentive. The breakfast is pretty good. I would have rated this hotel a 4 except last night there was a very noisy guest above us. Either the floors are paper thin or the guest above us was a flat footed elephant. I was afraid the ceiling was going to cave in.  I have no idea what he was doing up there. Sounded like moving furniture and stomping in the corners of his room. I am glad I am not the one driving today as I am as sleepy as I was when we hit the sheets last night.  Our first night was fine. So it goes... People are just inconsiderate of others now days. So, depending on who is in the room above or next to you, you will either have a great nights sleep.... or not.The Scottsdale location is one of the better Red Lobster's out there...Had dinner here last night. Ordered a platter with three different kinds of shrimp, and all of them were good - but nothing to get overly excited about. A solid meal with good service for $25.No waiting either, the place was slow at dinner time.I wouldn't eat here if you paid me to. However, a few of my friends (*cough *cough Mark J) put on their top hats, tuxes and tails to endure the faux fanciness that is Le Red Lobster. I came along strictly to document the experience. I must confess that as a child my parents dragged me to Le Lobster Rouge all the time, even though the food gave me VIOLENT EXPLOSIVE DIARRHEA every time. I still shudder at the thought of eating anything from here and refused to eat. So I ordered a diet coke and a plate of maraschino cherries...because I'm a classy lady after all. Speaking of class, Red Lobster is one of those places trashy people go because they think eating shrimp makes you classy. Apparently eating endless shrimp makes you infinitely classy - because there were some real winners dining here tonight. But I'm not here to help the patrons, just the restaurant, so I digress.The service was odd. The waitress was friendly enough and she seriously brought me a plate of cherries - for realz!. That made me love her endlessly, like shrimp. I also loved the speedy refills and the pleasant way she reacted to a hateful Lobster cynic maniac who only orders a plate of garnish from the bar. So waitress = awesome.Other than that, Red Lobster is pretty much the nastiest place on earth. It wasn't particularly dirty or gross or anything. It just wreaks of nast.  Like even the cleanest and friendliest strip club is still just a dirty little shack filled with glitter, STD's, bad boob jobs, boners. A layer of filth. Just filled with nast.So my friend's food came and it looked edible, but not good. They ate it, but I'm not sure they liked it. So I guess we were on the same page.Then the kid next to us started bopping around like a lollipop kid and the lady in the huge purple muu muu ate her 5th cheese biscuit  and I drank my 5th diet coke and shit got weird after that.When we got the bill I felt a little like I ate acid, but came back down to earth when I realized the dope ass waitress didn't charge me for my diet coke. Or the cherries. Score!So my experience at Red Lobster was good. I just couldn't eat the food. Oh... when I got home and peered in my purse I found someone stuffed it with like 50 packets of Splenda and the crab cracking tool thing. Thanks a**holes. Nice joke.Classy evening all around.This is what happens when I attempted to dine with my mother and both her sisters.  Mom wants Chinese, but Aunt #1 is on Atkins for the upteenth time and that's the one cuisine she finds difficult to work around.  Aunt #2 wants only "American" food.  So I foolishly suggest plenty of non-chain options, only to get them all rejected by either mom or Aunt #2.  So after at least 45 minutes of this nonsense, we end up at Red Lobster.Not the best Red Lobster, but certainly not the worst.  Since Caesar salad is always overdressed, I made the mistake of ordering the dressing on the side not realizing I would need to utilize a butter knife to get any on the lettuce.  The scallops on the broiled seafood platter were somewhat bland, and my mom's grilled shrimp had absolutely no color to them.  They looked like boiled shrimp that somehow skewered themselves.But other than that, everything was as expected.  Except the part at the end of the meal where Aunt #2 remarks "I guess if you lived in the area, it would be fine to try somewhere local."  Uh, I do, and we had this conversation before we ever left my house.Being that I am a vegetarian, there are not many dishes at Red Lobster I can eat anymore. However, I will forever be grateful for the creation of cheddar bay biscuits. My husband and I sometimes make a meal out of side salads and their biscuits! Sounds crazy yet tastes delicious. The service at this location is average, not great but not horrible either. It's close to Old Town Scottsdale and is easy to locate. If you're in the mood for a big chain meal, this isn't a bad option.I looked at the Palladium during my apartment search prior to moving to Scottsdale. All around these apartments are very nice, but I couldn't help but feel a little out of place. Like San Marin, you're paying for location. The apartments are on top of each other--literally.  You know something's not quite right when the parking garage is as large as the complex itself. Did I mention they're over-priced?Oh yes, they're very nice and quite spacious, but they're occupied by people who still party like they're 21.  The pool is much too small for the volume of people inhabiting the space, and it's situated in a way that amplifies the sounds of beer pong and keg stands.  Apartment with a pool view?  Sucks to be you when trying to sleep (or just relax). People in their late 20s/early 30s strut around like they're back in college, getting their drink on and sizing each other up.  I'll gladly pass. The workout facility is nice, but everyone at the pool can see straight in. Nothing like a bunch of drunkies scoping you out as you sweat your ass off. Hot. It was nice, but I had definitely grown up and wanted an apartment to match my mindset.I have lived here for almost two years and I have really enjoyed it! Bottom line this is a weekend party apartment....if you don't like that then don't move in here. One of the great things is that this complex is college grads and older, I have never met someone living here who was in college.  The property is very well maintained, however, I love that they have pest control come once a week and spray the entire complex! Only thing I have not loved about living here is the property management company changes constantly. Sometimes the office people are a pain in the butt. If your maintenance request is taking too long, go down to the office and nag them, then it will get done!  Other than that, if you like to go out and want to be walking distance to nearly every bar and restaurant in old town this place is great! If you chose to live here be prepared to have higher rent than you used to have in tempe or some other place, remember you are paying for location!Even though I'm giving this place three stars, if you want to live in Old Town, you want to live here. This is where the action is. The Palladium is where all of the young, semi affluent people who love to socialize live. You can not beat the location, and the apartments are kept up pretty well considering the amount of partying that we did throughout the complex.Everyone in the building seems to be between 22-35 and attractive. It was more on the noisy side at night, but you don't move here for peace and quiet. I had an assigned parking spot and essentially unlimited parking on the roof, no issues.The only big issue that I really encountered was the management and staff, who seem to change almost every season. They weren't particularly friendly or helpful. That being said, I'd move back here in a heartbeat if I were still looking to party every weekend.Since my last post, I have had one visit with the repair person, I have had the fob replaced, finally yesterday and it's operable, the tub almost drains completely, the hole in the baseboard was filled, the keys to the gate and mailbox have been replaced and now work, the poor repair work of the walls and missing back splash tiles, spray paint on the wall, etc. will likely never get addressed but I frankly was surprised anything got addressed so that was a pleasant surprise. Kayla (not manager but the other), and Leonard work hard at getting it right and I appreciate their kindness when I go to the leasing office, always nice and not irritated it's me again! I hope my daughter can call this home as she was moving here from a beautiful home in North Scottsdale but it was too far from school and we love Old Town. Tough first two weeks but feeling back on track!I feel safe and Location is amazing!!  Close it all old town! Aside from my office I do not drive anywhere!!  I work from home as well and internet and all cell (Verizon and AT&T and Sprint) work super, coverage is great!I lived here for one year, and enjoyed the location and beautiful pool BBQ area. I never had any major problems with the staff or maintenance process. However, I think there are much better apartments in the area for similar price point. If you are looking for a quiet place - this is not the place for you. The demographic here is about 21 - 30 year olds and can be quite loud at night, even during the week.I've lived here for about five months and overall it's an ideal location that has a little something for everyone, and it's definitely nice to be able to walk everywhere.  The unit itself is pretty nice, although it certainly isn't high-end (you're paying for the location), but the amenities that have been available despite construction are great.  It's also worth noting that maintenance is top-notch, they respond really quickly and take care of whatever you need.  Otherwise, the place has been under construction since I've moved in and has some pretty loud and obnoxious residents who enjoy their partying.  Definitely don't move here if you're looking for someplace quiet!  At least once or twice a month you can expect to have to deal with someone parking in your reserved space as well, but it's not the "end of the world" since there's plenty of parking on the top floor.  Be sure to sign your lease at the right time too.  I signed in August when no specials were running only to have a "month free" special being pop-up advertised every time I log in to pay rent.  Also, several neighbors have reported paying only $50 more per month for a two-bedroom than I pay for a one, so perhaps consider going for the extra space/getting a roommate.  Overall, it's a fun neighborhood and cool place to live, but I'll definitely go a short distance away to get more for the money when this lease ends.I am reviewing the sub side as I have never tried the Smoothie King's offerings but I can say that their counter is always busy.  The subs here are offered in various sizes on fresh bread and made to order in front of you.  One complaint I have is they smash the living daylights out of your sub when they cut it.  The meats are sliced as you order and the veggies are pretty fresh.The indoor seating here is very limited but they have a decent size outdoor patio which is really useless 4 months out of the year.  The parking is pretty tight and gets pretty hectic at lunch time.When I didnt have some many requirements for where I will  eat I used to eat here. The sandwiches are really good and the onions are sliced really thin, the pickles are sliced filet stylr. The toppings are way fresher than its competators. Good sammies cheap. Better meat too they slice it right thereAEO is pretty standard. Some of the pieces can be pretty boring, admittedly. However, I've been shopping here for almost a decade now, and the tops fit me very well, so I see no reason to stop now! Love their basic tank tops, they're ribbed and slimming and hold their color well. I also have several pairs of leather sandles and sundresses that I love. All in all, a good place to go if you want to look cute, all-American and laid-back.Five stars for the low-slung bar for and manned by midg--ahem, I mean, little people.  But that in itself is not the entirety of the place.  If there's any place in Scottsdale that screams Klassy, this would be it. Giligin's tugs at the senses like a trashy but fun cousin would, whether it's the sticky floors, the tacky wheel of misfortune, the swing hanging randomly in the bar, the refrigerated cases behind the bar like you're at a liquor store or the nightly promotion gimmicks - goldfish races, anyone?  They have a menu, but I will admit I'm scared to try the food here.We came here a couple of weeks ago in the hoopla that was FBR Super Bowl weekend and after ditching all places on Scottsdale Road, we ended up here.  We had a blast before and after the $1 jello shots, and I even got some rad photos with the Captain Morgan's guy.  Later, I found myself walking around with a giant Coors Light, while being soundly defeated by a visiting Wisconsinite girl in a rousing game of beanbag toss. Midwestern bar games were never my thing.It's like whatever. Like water. It has no taste, this bar, no flavor. It's everything it doesn't pretend not to be or be. If you were in a coma and the fun nurses took you there you wouldn't likely remember it when you came to... But I kind of like it for two reasons and they both happened last night. There was karaoke. The worst singers I've ever heard, honestly. But the roommate of my friend, unbeknownst to me, hid the crazy karaoke host's blue taped mic in the bathroom (we found out later) and he flipped the fuck out. Shut down karaoke. And the only person who cared was some dude who had a song up next. On some level I felt bad for crazy karaoke dude because he was visibly disturbed by the turn of events but he was being such a non-relaxed doucher about it I wanted to smack him in a father-trying-to-get-a-hold-of-his-son way. "No one stole the mic, Holmes!" "We'll find it. Chillax."Event number two: As I was staring at her boobs, which were lovely, I asked my friend's friend how she got that burn on her chest. She was shit faced. D.R.U.N.K. So she lifts up her shirt and shows me her left breast. I think to show me the contrast between burned and non-burned skin. I thought about doing a Jim Carey, Liar Liar, elevator scene move but reconsidered after deciding that would be poor form since I was planning to sleep with her friend. But I have no doubt she would have let me. Which is hot just to think about.I'd been wanting to to go Gilligin's for a while and finally made it this past Friday. It was quite full despite being the Friday of Labor Day Weekend. This has a nice divy atmosphere and kind of makes you feel like you're in a college bar. The aluminum siding and tropdical decor really give it a Mexican Beach Town bar.......minus the potential of being kidnapped and help for ransom and/or raped and/or killed.  The atmosphere is very lively with games such as spinning the shot wheel and other alcoholo related diversions. The midget bar is great and you are served by 100% genuine midgets. This is a great bar to go to with minimal attitude. Everyone here is already drunk enough that any pretense and attitude are long gone. The crowd here is very young. Being 35, I felt like I was quite possibly the oldest person there. Again no attitude or disdain, bu the age factor is almost immediate to anyone whoe is sober. That being said, this place is still worth checking out.This place is crazy. It is dirty, old and full of drunk people. The draws here are the cheap drinks, the shot wheel and the midget bartenders serving 32oz beers. This place is not for the average scottsdale bar hopper, but in small doses and given the right mindset it can be kind of fun. A good dive bar worth checking out at least once if only just to see the little people... Is that politicaly correct? Did i eat hear, hell no!  I wouldnt reccomend it to anyone either. If you go there you'll agree. Would I go back, yes but only if i wanted to get shitfaced and served by midgets.I came to this bar once right after I turned 21. At the time I thought it was cool because A) I was already drunk B) I got some weird fruity drink in a coconut shell C) My friend who was two years older than me told me it was cool and I am highly suggestible.My second trip (yesterday) was as part of a group of 24 for my little baby sisters 21st birthday. This time, being the professional that I am now, I knew that this place was NOT cool, even thought at the time, I was already VERY drunk.They have a cool theme going, but the ... let's say "less than friendly" bartenders completely ruined any type of possibility for fun. They either hated themselves or hated the world. Who knows.The one thing I did really enjoy was the plunger shot my sister had to do, although, I think that it was what set her over the edge. Thankfully this was the last stop of the night. I don't hate this place, but I don't love it. I don't know that under normal circumstances I would have a good time. Although, I did get a picture with a plastic Captain and there is a wooden swing at the bar... but I'm just not that into pirates.I used to have an office right down the street from here, and used to go there to hide out often.I just recently ended up back in Gilligan's for happy hour. The beer, wine and wells are $1.00!!! Can't beat that! The bartender made a mistake and pured our order twice so we got a second round for free. The waitress was very sweet and patient with us (we were on the phone a lot).They have a happy hour menu with discounted appetizers. I have had various fried things here before and they were OK. This particular day I did not want anything fried. So we chose the clam chowder ($2.00 cup) and the mussels. The clam chowder shocked me. It was really good! You must try it when you come here. It is super thick with lots of clams and bacon (aka not low fat). The mussels came out a while later and looked awful. They were served on the half shell and placed around a tub of butter. They were so dry and chewy. They tasted like the freezer they came out of. If they would have been served in a sauce or something they may have been better. My advice is to stay away from them altogether.Do not go here expecting something fancy or people to kiss your behind. It is a dive bar, go relax, hide out and have fun.Twenty-five cent wing happy hours? You bet. Absinthe Bombers (aka the Poor Man's Speedball), check. Goldfish races. Believe it. Stripper poles, a wheel of drinking, a rowdy midget and cougar nights? Without a doubt!I'm not sure what Bob Denver (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAyJPpjqujw) would think of this strangely, perhaps drunkenly, misspelled namesake of a watering hole, but this is definitely the sort of place where misadventures of the inebriated kind happen all nights of the week. Castaway your liver and become one with your inner douche, 'cause you never know when the Scottsdale equivalent of Tina Louise is going to stumble in, perhaps on that above mentioned cougar night...I will give Nish two thumbs up for his spot-on description of Giligan's. Except he forgot to mention the DUI Interlock Night... where they proudly serve you cheap drinks if your local DMV has branded your license. And the Jello Shots. Ya baby!!!It can get pretty crazy in this place. Don't come to Giligan's if you like Affliction shirts, Ed Hardy types or the fake Prada and Chanel carrying hoes. They will be elsewhere, THANK GOD!Cool place. The bartender was kind of a dick but whatever.  They have beer pong tables and a girl walks around selling $1 jello shots which I have never seen before so that was cool.  The patio was too small though so it was pretty crowded.  Fun place though.  Definitely a place you can find yourself easily shitfaced.Visited back in late April and hit this place in Scottsdale for some late night ..well just more of the same, drinking. The atmosphere was very college-kid esque, and has a midget bar! And real midgets! Oh sorry, little people. The staff was awesome and offering up jello shots left and right. Was with some great people and had some good laughs.This place is for the college crowd or overly drunk, wait, both!So I knew this place had karaoke on a few nights, but it wasn't until recently I found out they actually have Lady Gaga's songs for karaoke! I was pumped! Called some of my friends, about 6 of us, and we headed out there last Sunday. Now, I've never been to this place but from what I was told before going it was "full of weirdo's"... nothing wrong with that I've been known to get a little weird. But let me tell you, walking into this place was like walking into a dirty frat house and yes, there were a few weirdos. There was a blow up doll pinned to the ceiling with a huge fake you-know-what. Funny how none of us noticed it til our food arrived. Also, there were a couple of girls who looked like they were gonna fall onto the floor at any moment and pass out, really? It's Sunday people! You won't find any princesses in this bar. I'm normally not grossed out by dirty dive type bars, but this place was borderline. The food was alright, can't complain about "bar food". One of my friends ordered the "corn dog platter" which was, literally, 5 corn dogs (the frozen kind you get from Costco) on a bed of French fries. The service was good.. The karaoke was what we went for and we weren't disappointed. The rotation wasn't very long so we all got to sing a few songs. The sound was the only drawback. You couldn't really hear the singers or the music. But after a few drinks, all you really want is the mic in front of you, and it's probably better people don't hear you anyways. The KJ was funny and I'm sure I'll go back someday.Drink too many drinks at Gilligan's and this might turn into a bit more than a three hour tour. How do I subscribe this bar. True dive? Yes. Cheap drinks? Kind of. Phenomenal people watching? Guaranteed hangover? Yes and yes. Gilligan's is the bar you take your visiting friends to. It's the bar, you visit when it's just a rowdy night and you want to avoid the "scene." It's the bar that has karaoke, a wheel of booze and beer pong all in one room. It's dirty, smelly and crazy but if you're in the mood for it, it's a pretty awesome time. The drinks are strong. They serve pints of beer. You can spin the wheel of booze and chances are you're going to get the grossest drink available. So my suggestion to my yelp friends is that if you are in Old Town, wanting to avoid the scene and looking to get rowdy, make a stop into Gillgan's.Pretty fun place to go to. When it is busy there seems to be 1-2 beer pong tables going... and maybe a game of flip cup. It is normally a open table for anyone who wants to play (or maybe I am just pushy that way).Drink prices seem to be reasonable and there isn't a line to wait in.  Great to people watch.Not much to say for Scottsdale's premier dive bar other then it can be a good stop while bar hopping!this was our second stop on our cruiser bike pub ride. it was so packed at 9:30, they were doing 2-fers.....2 people out, 2 people in. we waited a good 10 minutes to get in, and by that time, most of the other riders were starting to head out. little more "trendy" than our first stop and more scottsdale folks but we had a quick jello shot, downed a beer and headed out. what else? lots of kitsch all over the walls and ceiling.Okay, after a few more visits to Giligin's (I don't know how I keep letting "Nette" talk me into it!) I have to say it is quite entertaining.  I still refuse to eat any food, especially the popcorn!  There is nothing typical about Giligins, they have a midget bar, full sized shot girls who allow "motorboating" for tips, a beer pong table, giant jenga game, a stripper pole and a big screen t.v with rabbit ears.  But beyond its odd characteristics, the drinks are stiff and the people watching is superb!I was disappointed with my experience here. The bartender  wasn't the least bit friendly and didn't even try to converse with us. They were slow and the guy didn't seem to care that he had anyone at his bar. The bathrooms were dirty and the whole bar itself seemed run down. I was bummed the midget bartender and goldfish races weren't going on when we were there because then we probably would have had a better time. The special nights they have are hilarious. Cheap shots for single cougars and for people with the DUI device in their car are definitely original. I'd give this bar another chance because I think it has potential, but I'd hope to get another bartender next time.It's hard for me to give Giligan's an unbiased review because I am obsessed, OBSESSED I TELL YOU, with that hook game thing they have on their patio. Like, my friends won't even take me here anymore because they know I'll spend the whole night hovering around it and betting with strangers on who can do it in the least amount of tries. The thing is in, I'm not even good at it. If there was a hook game on the floor in Vegas, I would be bankrupt. But like many things I'm not good at (pool, darts, singing, cornhole, interacting with the human race), put a few drinks in me and it is my new favorite thing in the world. So, yes, the hook game probably accounts for 2/3 Stars.Giligin's should always be last on your Scottsdale bar crawl. That way, you're too drunk to notice how gross everything is and can just appreciate it for the fact that they serve gigantic beers that conveniently limit the amount of times you have to stand up and walk back to the bar. Believe it or not, I've eaten here before, and even had their oysters because they have an amazing HH deal for them (I think they're like $.50 a piece or something ridiculous). They were actually pretty good, which even our waitress had doubts about. Jonathon Swift should write a quote about me.All-in-all, a decent spot for when you're already hammered and want to get a giant corona for like $4 and then spend the time and money you saved by ordering a giant corona gambling on your hand eye coordination in a crowded patio next to a hook in the wall. I know that doesn't sound that great, but trust me it is A-OK.Great dive bar option in old town. The drinks are pretty cheap and they always have specials. A lot of people start their nights here. One thing I dislike is the grimy bathrooms.3.5 stars!Whenever I'm in Scottsdale with my boyfriend visiting friends we always make it a point to go out. This was my first time going to Giligin's and I had such a good time!Giligin's is a huge dive bar and reminds me a lot of a college bar. It's pretty big and is perfect for big crowds which is clearly attracts. There is tons of seating inside and also outside on the patio.Drinks were strong and made pretty well. My greyhounds, which were about $7, were strong yet I could barely taste the alcohol - just how I like them ;)What Giligin's gets MAJOR stars for are the games they have outside on the patio. They had a table with jumbo jenga and a giant connect four board. SO much fun!They also had a DJ set up outside since they were getting ready for the NYE block party that weekend (which was also tons of fun!). Giligin's is a fun spot to hang out with friends - if you like dive bars definitely check it out!I heard about Giligan's from a mutual friend who actually lives in Scottsdale, and seriously, who can resist a midget bar? Especially a girl with a midget fetish! Upon arrival I was epically disappointed, not at the bar or the atmosphere, but the night we chose to go. We arrived in Scottsdale on a Monday night, and stayed until Wednesday. I was sick on Monday, so we did not go and opted to head over on Tuesday night, instead. BIG BOO. The place was empty due to the holiday and people going back to work on Wednesday. Hence, no midgets, no parties, no spinning of alcohol wheels. Other than the disappointment of the Tuesday night crowd, the bar itself it pretty bad ass. The decor is cool, it's a nifty dive bar, not unlike a few I've been to in NYC, so good job, Giligan's!Also, Erica (the waitress) was a doll. Very attentive, sweet and charming.Dive Bar.

Onion kulcha was bit burnt.jeera rice was good.

Three CheesesEveryone inhaled all the pizza!I love their pizza but half the pizza dough is undercooked. =( I decided to switch back to Domino Pizza, I like thin Brooklyn style dough better.My boyfriend forwarded me an email advertising their new garlic knots, so we ended up ordering Papa John's for dinner. I selected a deal for a Large 2-topping for $10, with pepperoni and half bacon/half beef. There was an option to "Papa Size" to an X-Large for $2, so I went for it. Also got an order of the 8-piece garlic knots and a chocolate chip cookie. My confirmation email said 30-40 minutes for delivery. The delivery guy rang the doorbell right at the 40-minute mark. Just made it! He was polite and friendly. I enjoyed the pizza, but have to say I was disappointed with the garlic knots. They just tasted like pizza crust with very little garlic on them. =\ But good pizza and cookie.Well, there aren't many nail salons in Laveen, so Angel Touch gets a star just for existing! I went there this morning to get a pedicure, and it was pretty much like any busy, run-of-the-mill nail place. Tons of women with their feet in tubs with 10-12 salon employees moving from person to person, saying things like "feet up," and chatting really loudly with each other while massaging feet, scrubbing callouses, and applying polish. The pedicure itself was fine - my feet look a lot better and the polish was applied really well. Do beware that the posted prices are for the base service - a pedicure is posted as being $18, but that does not include getting callouses removed or (possibly) the massage chair. My charge was $27 - I didn't ask for an itemization of the $9 extra, but I'm guessing it was for sitting in the chair and a foot scrub. One other note - this place was super-busy on a Saturday morning, so you might want a reservation.The sole nail salon in Laveen gets a lil love for me. I have gone there a few times. I like to go there because it's their location is convinent. I like their facilities, it's a lot cleaner than some of the other nearby places.I think they're staff is very efficient. My only complaint is that there is a brakedown in communication when it comes to the shape of nail I like, I usually have to go home and file them the way that I want them afterward. But other than that - they're great. I have never had a pedicure here before - I always go in for manicures and full sets. One thing to keep in mind is that they charge a fee for airbrushing.After reading reviews of all of the Nail Salons in Laveen, I saw that Angel Touch Nails had very few. I drove by each of them before going in to see if there were any posted specials. The competitor had a 10% off all services sign and another had specials for everything but what I was looking for. Being a single mom on a budget, price is important to me. So Angel Touch Nails was the winner with the $20 spa-pedicure posted special.  The nail techinition was nice. The water started off cold, then shortly turned to hot to tolerate. She quickly adjusted the water after I told her so. They do charge extra for callous removal, which the nail tech did not mention to me, I had read a review that had warned about it, but it was confirmed by the nail tech next to me talking to another client. Would have been helpful for my nail tech to tell me the assocaited cost, since nothing is posted in the shop that tells you the price. All in all I had good service, my feet are shoft (she removed more callous than I thought I had) and my french manicure is pretty, alot better than I can do myself, but not the best I have ever received. After it was all said and done, my $20 spa pedi out the door with callous removal and a french manicure cost me $45. Not too bad. I have paid more in the past. I will go back again.been in a few times when I am in town, mom treats. this time around got bright pink toes and purple glittery finger nails. clean, polite staff. they fixed one nail i always seem to hit before i walked out of the salon. the spa chairs are always a favorite.Ok, let's just start off by saying the "chicks" behind the front desk are so utterly s   l   o   w, I can hardly take it. They remind me of the Olly girls on Sunset Tan. I stood before them for at least two minutes while one had her back turned to me and she was applying make up. The other, on the phone, apparently to her roommate, took her own sweet Alabama time before she nodded, yes I said nodded at me, to aknowledge my existence. We know who took the short bus to school. Michael, my maseuse, was my savior. He listened well, hit all the right spots and spoke intermittenly in a soft sort of easy listening radio station voice. +can't beat the price, at massage envy

Pool was small, but heated. Housekeeping knocked on the door and tried to get into the room 30 min before checkout, good thing I had it bolted as I was in my towel. I answered the door and told her the "do not disturb light" was "on" and I would be checking out on time in 30 minutes. She said "just checking". Someone could have called to check I thought. Valet parking was difficult as the drive thru was 1 lane, so we just always self parked. No casino at Palms Place, just a short covered walk to the Palms to play in the casino.Great sized rooms and tower!   Views of the strip are great.   I gave three stars because this hotel needs to concentrate more on the little things.  The bathroom door in our suite had paint chips, I found a woman's bobby pin on the floor in the corner, the a/c was a little bit musty and weak, some trash in elevators, and bathroom lighting hung too low that my partner and I both hit our heads on it. Rooms were very nice and convenient, but again, it's the little things that need attention.Overall, I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone coming to Vegas. Huge, beautiful rooms for a price that's almost too good to be true (I paid around $200/night for a one bedroom suite on a weekend) Even though it's off the strip, they offer the free strip shuttle at the Palms, and a cab ride to/from the strip is only about $10-$15. Although, since this is supposed to be a 5 star hotel, there were a couple things where I felt I could only give a 3 star review: -At Valet, the curbside pickup offers to deliver your luggage up to your room so you don't have to lug it through the hotel. Awesome? Except it took OVER AN HOUR for them to bring my luggage up to my room. Not cool.

A soda is 3.00

Note: they wouldn't take my letter after selling me a stamp. Said I had to drop it in the post outside... Interesting...I used to drive past this location a lot (Albertsons on the corner of W.Sahara and S. Fort Apache), and my ex-housemate used to bank at this location when it was still Wachovia.  But our latest banking crisis lead to Wachovia being swallowed up by Chase, and now we have a bunch of these rebranded Chase locations around town.Before today, I have never been inside this location, so I can't say what exactly they did to the interior of the bank. But it does not even look like a bank, in the traditional way.  Meaning no bulletproof barrier and counter separating you and the tellers. But there is still the counter with the deposit slips and courtesy pens to help you fill out your forms near the enterence.  There is still the rope and stanchion to queue banking customers on a busy day (which it was not on my visit just 10 minutes ago).Anyway, I thought it is kind of refreshing how Chase is going out of their way to try and make the banking experience more personable (at least at this location in Summerlin).There are 3 tellers stations and one desk for the rep that is going to handle opening new accounts and what not.  And all of it is situated inside a large room without partition (not including the one in the front that helps block out the sun and some of the heat, once you get past the small ATM room.I don't bank here currently, but I may have to occassionally drop by to make deposits into my parents account in the future.  However I might down the road, seeing that there are hardly any HSBC locations in Las Vegas and the lines at Wells Fargo have always been crowded whenever I have to see a teller.Located in a new shopping center in NW Phoenix.  I had the Blimpie Best Combo and the food was good, staff was fast and friendly... overall it was a good lunch.For lunch time during the week,.this place is not busy. I ordered the turkey and provolone. She wasn't skimpy on the toppings like some other sub shops(Subway)! Overall a tasty and filling lunch.Sean the owner is absolutely awesome. Come try this place out. Give him your honest feed back (good or bad) and he takes it to heart. I love the carne asada! The guacamole they make at your table is also very good! We went last night on a very busy night (mother's day in Mexico, which we didn't know) but for how busy it was we got served pretty quickly. Our waitress was super sweet even with all the chaos of the crowd. Thanks Sean for caring about your customers!! :O)Last night was our second time eating at Baja Joe's in the last 3 months.  We bought a couple of AmazonLocal deals back in Nov/Dec.Both times were nice experiences but only one item may bring us back in the future (the guac).  It wasn't crowded last night or the Saturday night we went to back in January.  However, there was a steady flow of people.  We ate in the restaurant portion both times, but the Catina had happy hour last night, which had a good number of people but still room for more.Our family favorite item was the table-side guacamole.  In our opinion, Baja Joe's beats every other Mexican food place we have been to in the east valley.  The price is good too for the size...definitely a 2 person or more size.Margarita's were good, but a lot of ice (even in the pitcher version we ordered last night).  The cheese on the deluxe nachos as very mild and turned the dish into soup.  We had the nachos with shredded beef, which was very sparse.  I hate sour cream, and asked if it came with sour cream on it (the menu was silent on it), and the waitress said it didn't have SC.  I asked her to be sure, and to even make a note to put it on the side if it did......sure enough, it came to the table (delivered by a runner and not our waitress) with a blob of sour cream on top....  On our previous visit, my wife and daughter had some of their shrimp cocktails and some other shrimp dishes. They both thought they were good, but last night no one opted for any seafood.Their regular salsa tasted very good and fresh both times.  I asked for a hotter salsa, and they brought a condiment bottle of homemade salsa that was supposed to be hotter...to me, it just tasted saltier so I stayed with the regular salsa, which was quite good.Portion sizes of the food were a good size and I we were all still full the next morning...Our wait staff were good both times and were great about offering suggestions about their favorite items or recommended items on the menu.A coworker and I came for a bite to eat during lunch on a weekday, and we weren't let down. Lola, our waitress, was awesome and on top of things. The salsa was tasty (a tad watery), and the chips were warm. The ceviche was a bit rubbery (mostly shrimp), but I still ate it. My fish tacos (fried, even though I asked for grilled) were okay, but you need to try their hot sauce and chipotle sauce in the squeeze bottles. They were so good! I would kill for the recipes. They definitely saved the tacos.I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but it was definitely a solid choice for lunch. PS, there's $1 off if you check in on yelp :)Food was great but the service was incredibly slow.I had heard a few good reviews of this place so my husband and I stopped in for dinner one night. The atmosphere is a little loud and the staff seemed pretty busy. We ordered a beef chimi and a fajita burrito deluxe. They were both ok, nothing to go out of your way for.Food tonight was good as usual.   I've never gotten a bad meal.   And I have 17 check ins.   I love this place.   But service tonight was horrible.   No silverware or napkins while eating our chips until we were done with them despite asking.  Salsa Bowl was left empty for a good long time.  It took 40 minutes to get our meal.   Just bad.   Not sure if I'll be rushing back.Service is mediocre. Food is pretty good!!! Stick with the seafood!! Got the cevichi tostada, it was yummy!!!I didn't order any seafood here (which is easily the majority of the menu) so admittedly my view on this place may be somewhat less than informed.That being said what I did have (red beef burrito, rice beans) was meh.  Not especially bad, not especially good.I did really like the salsa.I really do like coming to Baja Joe's. You can't beat the ceviche. It is the best! The only bummer is the extremely loud mariachi music. I think that is what they play themselves off as. Weird to see them drinking beer and playing crazy loud off key music. Hard  to watch and hard to listen.  Definitely can't hear the people you are with.  If you love the food, call ahead to make sure no mariachi band is playing. The food is worth it.I waited with 2 other customers for almost 10 minutes at the door. No hosts. Got the fish & chips for lunch. First, no tartar sauce. The ranch & chipotle sauce are both very runny. The food was hot, but under-seasoned. And the music was very loud. In addition, the managers were standing right next to my table talking very loudly while putting up a sign on their miniscule salad bar. I dont have a reason to drive here again. It's ok at best.3 1/2 stars, down from 4 for the food because of the slow service. Good food, good setting with lots of TVs, excellent hot salsa.I went here for lunch on a Saturday with family. We sat down and waited for quite a while before being acknowledged by any of the staff. The staff got our orders correct and responded to our requests, but always in a rather slow fashion. They certainly were in no hurry.The food was good. We asked for the spicy salsa to go with the chips they bring out at the beginning of the meal, and it was probably my favorite thing from the whole meal (but challenged closely by the carnitas burro). Not only was it the spice level I like (decently spicy, but not uncomfortable), but the flavor was excellent. I ordered two tacos (one grilled fish and one chicken) and the carnitas burro. The fish taco was decent, although the piece of fish in it was rather small. The chicken made me a little unsure as to whether it was breaded and fried or grilled, but with some of that salsa on it, it was pretty decent. But the star of my meal was the carnitas burro. It had an excellent flavor to it, and the carnitas had a nice texture that carnitas should have. My friend had the fajitas, which came out sizzling and looked pretty solid. There were lots of brightly-colored peppers to go with the steak, and the guacamole was good.All in all, this is a solid choice for Mexican food in this part of town. Just don't be in a rush when you come here.This was totally unexpectedly delicious!! I ordered the fajitas and now I crave them all the time!! Anytime my husband or I get fajitas anywhere else, we compare them to Baja Joe's. So far none of them have lived up to them! My mom and husband didn't love their meals, but they both loved my fajitas. The atmosphere is definitely casual and has some interesting wall murals. I would've eaten outside, but there was smoking allowed on the patio.A very quick place for a cheap dine in lunch atmosphere. All specials are $6.99 at lunch and a drink can be added for an additional $2. I would not recommend the tacos, poor tortillas, but the enchiladas are a hit! Nothing too fancy about the free chips and salsa or service- everything is just average. I've seen the happy hour menu and drink selection and would definitely go back for a good time.Food was ok. Our chips were cold. The menu is so large you will probably find something to your liking.We agree that the table side Guac was fantastic - 5stars for this.

Companions:  Mommy & Husband

-At the old location of Pacific Ring

Went in and found that Jeff interacted a lot with the audience, used several volunteers, and was a generally goofy guy- in a good way, though.Though his show was explained to me as "comedy with some juggling", it's really more of the other way around: juggling with some comedy. Think bowling balls, knives, and a flaming torch, though those are probably the highlights rather than the norm.Would definitely go again, and hopefully see the whole show. Passing on his info to friends who come to town with kids. We were in the middle area with a table, good visibility and lots of space for a $33 face value ticket.I came here to see if I could get a bit of cash before donating to Goodwilll and I am glad I did. They are pretty selective on what they buy from you but I was confused why some of my items were turned down as some were new. I saw much more wear and tear from some of the stuff they had on the racks. Some of the jeans even had holes. They are mainly looking to buy brand name stuff such as Hollister and Abercrombie, that they think the hip kids would want. I found a couple of cool things but reminded myself I was there to get rid of clothes, not take more home. I managed to get $13. I guess it's $3/shirt and $4/jeans.It was nice to discover that Plato's Closet was back again, this time located in Henderson, across from the Galleria Mall, instead of on Fort Apache/Tropicana. I glanced at most of the ladies items (tops, pants, shorts, shoes, and accessories- wallets, bags (not high-end labels, but I did spot a Harajuku Lovers bag), jewelry, hats and scarves) but delved deeper into the dress section (ooh la la, my favorite), nicely arranged by size. I saw a few dresses that caught my eye, but decided that an O'Neill dress @ $16 was along the lines of Ross or Marshall's pricing and that stuff is new. I also saw a few cute kimono style dresses but they were polyester, and I won't wear that kind of material in summer, heck no (I know better). My husband saw a Quiksilver shirt @$7 except when he searched for flaws, there were stains all over the backside. The focus here is mostly on ladies apparel.  Anyway, the layout is better (than the original location) and the inventory seems jam-packed, but it's not to the point of too-tight hangers on the racks- one could easily look through the racks without getting frustrated. At times, you had to excuse yourself when going through the lanes because it wasn't big enough for two people to look through at the same time. But at the same time, I didn't feel closed in, either. The displays were like regular stores, at the tops of the racks, on mannequins, some displayed complete outfits or just wardrobe ideas. The decor was fun and bright. The customers ranged from teens, to mom, to forty-somethings except some of the teens were on the snooty side (yeah, you know the type, who think they are top of the chain). There were three people working the desk/checkout (buying, selling, sorting, etc.) but they didn't greet you when you went into the store. Then again, it was kinda busy on a saturday afternoon.I thought the store was just ok, I like Trend Traders (the first owners of Plato's Closet) and Buffalo Exchange (the original) better- the pricing is better.love all the used clothing storesGoing in as "seller" or a "shopper" drastically changes things. Sellers, don't expect too much. Shoppers, expect a mall-experience with thrift store prices.

It was my first experience here, but I have to say it was "ok".  The restaurant itself was alright. It seemed clean, and for 1pm on a tuesday, it was pretty busy. The AYCE is standard reasonable price. The 4 rolls we started our order with came at LIGHTNING speed, but the taste was....meh.. To me, it tasted less fresh and more refrigerated.  It seems a lot of the reviews swear by it, but maybe it was my mood that day, but it just seemed very "meh" to me.

Maybe they were planning for a crowd five times the size, but the crowd control was truly amazing. Lines were minimal and the City of Rock never felt overly crowded. Security lines moved quickly. I admit that I was impressed. During the main shows, it was easy to get down front and still have plenty of room around to dance and move (we were super close for Metallica but had at least a few feet of space around us, we weren't packed in like sardines). 3. That Fake Lawn!

- Meal was rushed.  Our starters (soups) were delivered to the table literally 3 minutes after the waiter left the table, even before he could bring our bottle of wine.  I can only guess that he entered the order in their system, and the kitchen runner immediately brought it out.

- you hate kids

If you want a decent place to eat cheap and late night with a group of friends, eat here.

-Shrimp Fried Rice: Flavorful. It would have been better if they didn't shower the dish with salt and pepper though.

The bread again: sometimes they run out of bread. Hmmm...I wonder how they could solve this problem. Oh, I know! MAKE YOUR OWN BREAD!

Sea Scallops - Sweet Corn, Trumpet Mushrooms, Jalapeno, Confit Tomato, Basil

Like all the other mega resorts/casinos it's a lot of walking to get to the restaurants etc.

I'd like to come back sometime but I'll probably give it some time before 2nd attemptI stopped by for a lunch and had a schnitzel entree. It came on a big plate with a meager serving of something resembling mashed potatoes put through the meat grinder. Meat was good although it seemed a little bit on a salty side.Here are my observations:

We had a very large group so they had to split us into 2 different tables. They miss counted the seats and left one out, a friend grabbed a chair and added it to the table, but we still had to wait for extra settings and menus. It took a while to get drink orders in, but water was at the tables already. I got an Arnold Palmer with Vodka, it was on the weak side but tasty. A friend got a Coke and said it was flat.

Biggest pieces of salmon, plus so buttery and tasty, um, um, um!Now to the service, it is so, so here. Sometimes they're your best friend and sometimes...?Yesterday afternoon, May 24th, 2012 I took my nephew who is from out of town and his toddler (2yrs) to eat sushi here. I wanted to go for the ayce sushi for $24.95.

Der erste Eindruck beim Eintreten war, dass es wunderbar nach Gewürzen duftete.Der Zweite, dass es dort alles ganz schön eng gestellt ist. Für mich als dickem Menschen leicht beengend. Wir hatten dann aber einen Tisch, wo ich nicht allzusehr im Weg saß und das war ok.Das Lokal ist ebenerdig zu betreten, so dass es, mit einer kleinen Einschränkung für gehbehinderte Menschen geeignet ist. Für Rollifahrer schon etwas eng. Im Lokal selber gibt es Plätze, die über eine Stufe höher angelegt sind.Die Bedienung war nett und freundlich, das Essen frisch, lecker und schnell da (wobei es recht voll war).Wie "indisch" das Essen ist, kann ich nicht bewerten, da ich noch nie in Indien war. Auf jeden Fall fand ich es lecker, besonders das Gericht meiner Freundin und das Eis. Der Salat war eher unspektakulär.

California quesadilla ($5)- this was alright...it got soggy as it sat.Mini BBQ chicken pizza ($5)- this was good...very similar to CPK pizza I think.I like they have different types of ice tea- I got tropical tea. It's a cheap price for fairly good portions so can't really complain. The bar is the only place the HH is effective and it's good since that portion of the restaurant is fairly empty and quiet so you can converse without watching your mouth around a bunch of families.I've eaten at this establishment many times but this my first time reviewing it on Yelp. CJ has an extensive menu. Steaks, burgers, seafood, etc. I got a cheeseburger but I must say I have had better. It's a pretty big patty but taste wise, ehhh. I think my burger was like $9.50. My daughter had the junior jumper Fish and Chips. Her meal was actually more expensive then my burger. My wife had the clam chowder. She hasn't liked it in the past but did like it this go around. All in all, I think the food is average. Overall, not bad.Mom in law and Grandma wanted to eat here so we took them for dinner. There is one upside for Claim Jumper than I liked- their small but fresh salad bar. This location didn't have one! I was so sad since that's usually what I want to get. I got a curried cashew chicken sandwich- it was okay....it barely had any curry flavor to really call it curried. The bread had good taste with sundried tomato on it, but they didn't toast the bread so it was just kinda a chewy consistency. Shoe string fries is alright.  I've had this sandwich before. My mom ordered me one to-go a long time ago and it was way  better. I think the California ones are somehow a bit better with the food.BF got chicken fried steak (small portion)- it was pretty good as fas as CFK goes at a chain or at a bar. I still have yet to find the "best" in Vegas. Mom and grandma got chopped steak and said they really liked it. I didn't try a bite. For dessert I saw they had sticky toffee pudding- they were in the mini bites so we ordered two. Seriously, the one good dessert they have is like a small offering.  Grandma never eats dessert but she ate a whole one herself and the BF and I shared one. Its good as far as sticky toffee goes. Service was friendly, but the service wasn't too quick and then the kitchen was very slow. Considering we were coming on old peoples dinner time at 5, it wasn't very busy for them. We waited like 15 minutes to order and maybe 30 for our food and this isn't a place I would say is "worth the wait" so I would be cranky without sticky toffee pudding. This place is alright.  If the mom and grandma isn't asking to go, I don't see myself really coming to eat dinner here without the salad bar.OK food and OK service for OK prices, there are far better places to choose.Wayne GorsekPerfect time to get here, around 8:30pm, not a soul alive and the service is excellent (they all want to go home). The food was good, the ribs were a bit chewy and dry but my medium-rare 20oz. Porterhouse was cooked perfectly and I love their uber-creamy mac & cheese.  I think they sprinkle their bread with crack, it just melts in your mouth.I love this place. The food is usually good and the service is always great!

In all honestly it isnt the best coffee shop that the area offers, but It's another option- and that my friends, is a corner stone of capitalism: consumer choice.

Service: 4-5

2- Can't really go wrong with cheap ice cream.

No complaints with the meat. It was more on the rare side but I couldn't care less because I love it rare. Just make sure to order it medium if you want it medium rare because it was very VERY pink Inside ordering it medium rare.The mashed potatoes were good and served very hot. Mushrooms were nothing special. Portions are very small and I found it overall pricey.I guess you can say your paying for the location and environment. The food overall... Not WOW, but acceptable.

5. Easy to get in and out of.

 Food- I was happy with my selection. Miso glazed Chilian Sea Bass.        Cooked perfectly and the miso glaze was awesome. The other member of our group liked their dishes as well.

Housekeeping was quick to respond to requestsPretty quiet...we heard the bass from the Michael Jackson show while it was going on but that's over before midnight.Didn't hear the music from the nightclub like some people but we were only on the 9th floor.

Go Carts- Seats were really torn up and a lot of the cars didn't workThis place is operating on a thread. Minimal staff and they drained every fountain in the park to save on money. I can't totally blame them for that.We went here for my daughter's birthday a few days ago. I was really interested because I've been to some very modernized Red Robin's in my day. The only thing my 4 year old wanted was Mac 'n Cheese and there's is good. What do I like? I like the bottomless steak friends (believe me, they are bottomless!) and the bottomless speckled lemonade. Yummy strawberries in the drink itself! Typically the burgers are good and I am picky, but this time mine was under done and that really bothered me. Also, our waitress was not very fast at all. She barely even came and when she did bring more lemonade, she just dropped it by without asking if we needed anything else. They do have a free sundae for birthdays, but they didn't try to upsale dessert to the rest of the party before bringing it out (they could've made a few more bucks if they had!)Overall, not bad, but I've been to better.I do enjoy some of the gourmet burgers here- the salmon wrap, the BBQ burgers I(chicken or beef), and the new roasted beef with au jus.  On my last visit, I tried their fish and chips and really enjoyed it!  I liked the crunchy batter-coated cod with tartar sauce and lots of lemon wedges, and how can you knock their bottomless fries?  One tip: if you dislike soggy fries, like I do, DO NOT order their garlic-parmesan fries.  Not only will you not find a single crunchy wedge, but the amount of grease will make you weep.Meeting my friends there for lunch.  The first waiter screwed up my drink.  I asked for an icea tea, I got a diet soda.  The first waiter came by to tell me that he is leave this area, and someone else is going to be our waiter.  OK.  I told the second waiter that I ordered an ice tea.  He got me a new drink ASAP.  NICE!  We ordered:  Fish & Chip and Crispy Chicken Burger.  The food was good but not jumping out of my seat good.  The steak fries are always bottomless, so it was good.the burgers are tasty, but i can't imagine any meal they sell here being less than 1000 calories.I always love Red Robin... Their crispy chicken salad is definitely my favorite, and their burgers will never, ever let you down. This particular location was alright-- large, clean, nice service, but nothing special.Food was ok but come on 49 cents for a side of mayo.  Yes folks you have yo pay for additional sauces now, next will be the catchup.  Burger was good but not great.Good as always.We came in as a group of 4 and chose to sit in the Bar Area. The Bar tender was awesome but once we were seared at a Tall Bar Table the Service / waitress was pretty much non existent for our table of 4! She was more intent on hanging around her "buddies"!!. Bartender was on his game though to pick up the slack and make our Happy Hour ( well after happy hour) and dinner more tolerable! Would I want to go back?? If we did, we would sit right at the bar!Pleasant evening on the patio with average good but a friendly waitress. They have malt vinegar for the fish and chips.Really, it's just ok. Not bad, not great. The waitstaff isn't that attentive, and the food's just ok. When we were there last, my girlfriend told the waiter that she didn't like what she ordered and he just kinda laughed and walked away. We don't think that he understood what she said and laughed anyway but it was still pretty awkward.CON:  We were shocked by the cold greeting we received from Courtney at the front door; we asked if there was room in the bar area & without making eye contact (and with her head down) she said, "I don't know, you can check for yourself."  We were stunned by her response that we just stood still for a moment, then proceeded to enter into the bar.  PROs:  in the bar we were greeted by Mikela & she provided outstanding service throughout our stay.  Further, our meals were very tasty; I loved the Ensenada chicken (sauce on the side).  Because of the awful greeting at the door I am giving this place only 3 stars; first impressions are lasting impressions!The place was nice and clean, the staff friendly, but hard to get attention at times. Fries are good, the burgers were mediocre. The Ghost pepper sauce jalapeño variant packed some flavorful zing though.I used to love Red Robin so much! Haven't been in about 3 years and wasn't impressed tonight. They got our order wrong and my sons burger was still pink...ordered well done. We also had to request a refill on our waters twice. It's Super Bowl Sunday so not a busy night. So not sure if this is something that happens all the time but if I do decide to go back to Red Robin it will be a different location. Even though I can walk to this location from my home.Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink):

Serve the donuts at the end of the meal.Thanks folks, stellar service ;)My wife and I were seated quickly and had our menus and glasses of house merlot in very short order. The merlot, while not served at the proper temperature, was fruity and fairly quaffable at $4.50 a glass. My wife had chicken parmigiana that was certainly better than my prime rib special. A chain saw would have been the appropriate cutting device for the prime rib; however, our waiter, Luis, brought another piece of beef that was considerably better. The pasta dish was tender and had a wonderful sauce. The restaurant's ambiance was enhanced by a  singer with a very pleasant voice singing country songs...songs that must have detailed every bucolic God-forsaken city in Texas, Oklahoma, and Lousey-ana. Still, though, the people in the restaurant enjoyed the songs, even the quaint folks married 62 years who were celebrating their anniversary with champagne. The elderly gentleman accompanied the musician by playing along vicariously with some spoons.Ordered the pastrami sandwich and I am not sure if it lives up to the hype. It had a lot of meat but it was about $9.00 just for the sandwich alone. I am really picky when it comes to pastrami because i like it thick and juicy just like the way they have it in New York City. I also had the Italian roast beef with onions and peppers and side of au jus. The beef was tender and flavorful which was accented by the onions and peppers. The au jus made it even better. I would give it more stars if the price was a little bit less. More than likely, I would go back to try something else.Just left Sammy's L.A. Pastrami. First the non-food negatory stuff. Parking nearly nonexistent.  16 persons in the dining room is a full house, but they do have outdoor seating.  The area IS slightly on the questionable side, I drove around the surrounding area.) but that doesn't deter me from seeking good food. The ambiance? Well, that also doesn't deter me.That said, the L.A. pastrami I had, (reg.) was heavy on the pastrami. The only criticism is that it needed to be a bit more peppery. The roll it came on,  a little soggy, dropped my high expectation for this sandwich considering all the rave reviews. Maybe I'm being a little rough, maybe I'm just spoiled having had Better in Los Angeles.  But I want that taste here! Continuing...Plenty of mustard and could have used a few more pickles. Over all this sandwich, out of 10 napkins, this was a sixer.I think if they use a better roll and pepper up the Pastrami and maybe offer some of those yellow peppers for heat, they might have something.I guess this place is alright. Barley any parking, The dining area is small, and the same guy taking out order, was the same guy working the drive thru and doing the cooking. The wait for the food was super long, and the food was kinda pricey. The food was okay, kind of dry. I liked the garlic fries and the big ass bacon burger I had was okay. I'm not gonna knock the place just yet, hopefully I get something that taste better to change my mind about this place.I would actually step it up to 3.5 sice the guy who took our order gave us a sample of the Caramel shake(with rum?) cuz we were waiting in drive thru for a bit longer than usual...it was very busy!

I do wish I had tried more of their other stuff and hopefully I will be back in the future to try some more.Pastries were pretty average if you're accustomed to quality pastries in Europe, but worth a stop if you're nearby and peckish.Average tasting pastries.  I was really looking forward to trying this place and wasn't too impressed with the selections.

This restaurant is pretty big for a burger joint and it's always packed, so expect to wait around 15 minutes for your food. If I remember correctly the waiter is able to split the check per order--so if you have a big group you won't need to worry about splitting the bill because everyone can pay however they want to :)I would come back again just because I like staying at Elara and this place is a convenient place to grab a quick bite. But honestly it's overhyped and I expected a lot more from you, Gordon Ramsay!My husband and I wanted a good sandwich for lunch and choose to eat here even though we try to avoid the celebrity restaurants.The flames by the waiting line were a bit much for a 110 degree day in Vegas, we each had sweat dripping off our face for the 45 minute wait.Once getting to the front of the line I finally asked the girl if we could eat at the open seats at the bar and she had to ask the people in front of us if they wanted to eat there first.The bar tenders were nice, punctual with asking if we wanted a drink and gave us their recommendations for food, which we wanted instead of what was just "popular".Drinks were good, the bartender even changed the channel for us to golf.Onion rings were very tasty, my husbands burger was just ok along with my chicken sandwich. Kinda dull and dry, we both had to add condiments which at an establishment like this I was a little disappointed.You can tell either Chef Gordan really cares or the GM cares about the "nice looking" staff because I noticed how the employees were all very good looking.Lunch was pricy, plan on $100 for 2 people. It was a good lunch, but I don't need to return.This review is after my second visit to this restaurant. My first time was two years ago, and I was blown away. They service was good, the food was good, seemed like good quality. I eat organic, so it is difficult for me to find good quality food that i don't get sick from. Being a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, we thought maybe it would be sourced well. Again, my first visit, I really enjoyed.This time around, I had a bit different experience. I am giving a 3 star due to the service. That was good. Probably waited 20-25 minutes for a table, but that wasn't so bad. The hostess was nice and sat us at a nice table away from others. Friendly, helpful waitress who was happy to bring us anything we needed. Ordered the onion rings, which did taste really good, although our plates were not the cleanest. Not sure if the guy that dropped them off spilled soda that he was taking to another table on them while he was carrying them, or if they came that way from the kitchen, but not really Gordon quality! They are on point with the flavors on their dipping sauces. I'll give them that much. Got the farm burger for dinner and my BF got the 3 cheese burger. Was cooked the way we asked, but the meat was still a bit dry, and just didn't have the same quality as last time (I'm talking, melt in your mouth burger, the first time.). I ate as much as i could, paid our bill and left.I always judge food quality by how i feel after, as my body is pretty sensitive to foods that are not organic. I felt full for 3 days after this. That's not really a normal thing. I guess I can't really complain because I knew it wasn't organic, but I can tell you that the food has gone down in quality. For what they charge, that is too bad. I will not be eating at BurGR again. :-(Overall - 3/5

- no wireless internet in rooms

* As a follow up to the previous bullet they tried to put us at a table literally next to the back kitchen door that was in front of a drink station so we couldn't see outside (WHAT) - so I asked if we could move over at least one table so we were not in the kitchen.  They obliged... but what made me mad is that there were other tables open by the windows!  If you are a restaurant known for your view you should seat people as close to the window as possible at all times!  Common sense here.

Just cuz you go to Vegas doesn't mean you shouldn't skip out on your exercise routine!!!! Went here on a Saturday morning, and I was surprised to see a substantial amount of people working out. It wasn't too crowded, but I guess I'm accustomed to Saturday mornings being a bit not crowded. It's a typical 24 hour Sport gym, and it was a nice gym. It was pretty clean, but what I really enjoyed was that the weights were racked correctly. Something that I haven't experienced since the Buena Park Knott location....I'm still bitter about them closing. What was cool was the fact that I went at 9 in the morning, and they were showing cartoons on the tv's and that's always a plus!!! I can see myself going back to this location the next time I'm there. All in all it was a good experience. Maybe next time I'll make in in time for Yoga, but waking that much earlier just sounds like too much work.So this is were I go to get my fitness on..which is not often enough!

Cheesesteak Sandwich - Full of Meat and Excellent Bread

I get the picture frames but, net? NO!!!!!Not somewhere I'd get excited about going, but an okay place to end the night. Since we were staying at Planet Hollywood, it seemed like a no brainer to give it a shot. The DJ is okay...not a huge fan of the mashups but otherwise not too bad. The dance floor isn't huge but its not too bad if you find a spot towards the outter areas to dance in. Lots of funny drunk dancing going on so even non-dancing friends can enjoy people watching.  A few too many creeps lurk here though. Worth a visit if you want to kill an hour or two.Music and crowd is just ok. A promoter saw us walking around the casino and offered us free admission so we went for an hour or so. Had fun watching the cougars get their freak on up on stage.The atmosphere was nice. Got in free with my girlfriend, since a club promoter was passing out wristbands. I have to say, the music was so-so. Everyone was pretty chill, not really dancing except for a few cougars. I have to say, there is a lot of cougars in this joint lol. I stayed for an hour or so, and I had to call it a night. Too be honest, I'm not really a "club" type person.the only reason i am giving gallery 3 stars is because we were there on sunday night. it was free to get in. they had over half of it shut down (which i totally understand because of the day). but it was ghettttto.  i am all for crowd variety..but i must say this was rather interesting. i tried to sneak a peek of the closed area and it looks beautiful. the music though was great!!!  i am looking forward to updating this review someday with more stars because i think this place is worth a 2nd trip on a better night!!!Friday night in Vegas... and we wanted to check out Tryst for Angela Simmon's bday party bash... BUT another friend of ours had free bottle service at Gallery... so she invited us to hang out with her and her friends...Located on the 2nd floor in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. Adjacent to the club is the Pussycat Dolls Saloon... someone was performing the night we were there...The club itself isn't too big... I'd say a little bigger than Lavo so it's still kinda intimate. Bottle service sections had lots of room to sit down, or stand, or dance, etc so that was nice... I'm not one for Skyy Vodka but I did have one drink so the girl who got the bottle service section insisted... $18 for a washington apple in the bottle service section... (my drink of choice)...The music was okay... a little bit of everything. The club was pretty full but not super packed. Lots of dancers on mesh nets hanging from the ceiling which I thought was pretty cool. Towards the back corner there was a dancer in a brides maid dress... ??? entertainment none the less... our waitress was okay... not very friendly if you ask me... maybe because the bottle service was comped?? We didn't stay very long... couple hours and then we were out.... been to better clubs in Vegas but at least we gave it a try...This is a very nice club located in Planet Hollywood.  We were all given free admission but decided to opt out of the $425 bottle service since we didn't know how long we would be staying.  The bottle service isn't a bad deal since all drinks start at $12 and beers run about $9 each.  With that being said the club is a little pretentious for me, but then again aren't most Vegas clubs!Went here for a VIP party during CES.  I can't even remember what this club was called before, but it seems about the same.  Standard Vegas club in a standard box, as I like to say.  Servers were super cool here, but it was an open bar event where we were tipping a ton, so I can't say how they are during normal club nights.  I think I'm getting jaded, because I can't think of more than 1 or 2 clubs in town that excite me anymore.The old Prive. Not that crackin last Friday night when I was there. Either because the CES folks didn't know how to party or everyone else was waiting for the AVN awards to come to town the weekend after. It was a diverse crowd. Definitely diverse in age. There was an older man, I'd say in his late 60's, totally getting his mack on. Seems like they were being lax on the dress code. Some folks were wearing jeans & their parkas. Since we were staying at the Westgate Towers, we just went back to the room to drink more. Samantha Ronson was DJing that night and she was pretty good! I'd turn lesbo for her too! Although the music was good, I couldn't really do more than a two step because of the small dance floor.Instead of go-go dancers, they have the girls hanging from swings & ropes above the dance floor. Some of them were doing some intense core work, while the other girls looked like they were merely going through an exorcism. Still it was entertaining.My group was planning on going to surrender, but one of them felt a bit sick, so we decided to go here since it's the hotel we stayed at and because they were giving out passes to get in.Line:

Be prepared to bag your own groceries. Be advised that credit cards are not accepted. If you value your sanity, do not go during the day on the weekend, on or near the 1st /15th of the month or within 3 days of a holiday. To make your life so, so much easier, download the store map and list of product locations from Winco's website so you can make your battleplan before you go. This is not the place to stop by and grab one thing; it will not be quick. Bottom line: Go only if you have patience and preparation, during strange hours, and make this your big, staple shopping trip so you don't have to go back before your patience has been replenished.WinCo is okay.  I was excited when I found out one was being built because I remember it having great prices.  For whatever reason, though, I still prefer other stores.  Between the dim lighting and being rammed into by numerous old ladies' carts, I'm just not that into it.I've been to other WinCo's before in Oregon, so this was no different. Huge selection of items, almost warehouse-store like. Love the produce selection, there was a wide variety of fruit available. However, you have to be careful with some items. On the day that I went, I saw a large portion of the apples were bruised and picked over.The best thing that WinCo has going for them is their bulk bins. Flour, spices, candy, you name it. You can also get freshly ground peanut butter and three varieties of bulk honey. The bulk bins also had a few gluten-free options. I saw gluten-free pasta, including a potato-based one, gluten-free granola. I wouldn't get any of the gluten-free flours/starches (tapioca flour, rice flour, buckwheat flour) here, as there is a high risk of cross-contamination.This WinCo also has a great freezer selection. I actually saw frozen gluten-free waffles right next to the Eggo Waffles! They also do have a dedicated gluten-free case near the bakery (of all places) with mostly Udi's products.If you live nearby, I think this is a great place to stop for weekly groceries. If you don't live nearby, I don't think it's worth the trek, but have a lookie-loo once in awhile.While Winco is the cheapest, their selection is dwindling.   There were quite a few things I used to buy when they opened, that they don't carry anymore.  It is disheartening to drive 20-30 minutes and find out they either don't have an item stocked or have discontinued it.  It seems they are now trying to compete with WalMart quality wise instead of Smith's.  Albertsons in Anthem Highlands has stepped up their game quality wise, and has a better selection, so I would rather pay more, and keep them in my neighborhood.  Winco isn't worth the drive it used to be.   I'll stick with the Albertsons down the street and Whole Foods when they don't have what I am looking for.  Like a Vegas casino buffet, they start out good, then look to save money and skimp on quality.The prices are good.  All the staff with whom we came in contact were very nice.  Then, we got to the checkout.  The elderly male checker was sooooooo rude!  It was Tuesday, November 26, 2013, before noon.I haven't been to Winco since last year, when I was pregnant. When I was there, I saw an employee, who was working in a fridge box, with an empty cart next to her. I asked her if I could take the EMPTY cart from her, she sighed heavily, and very nastily, said "I guess". Not wanting to steal her empty cart from her, I asked to speak to a manager about her attitude. No manager was on duty. I filled out a comment card, and no one to this day has ever contacted me. Last night, my guy wanted to go. I reluctantly went. I do agree that this reminds me of a 'food 4 less'. There are some things that are forth buying there, and there are some things that are so out of the price range, it's ridiculous. The produce is decently priced. I am getting back into juicing, and it's nice to have a decent sized selection of fruits and veggies. I have also found some "Tiger Sauce" that I can only find at Albertsons for 3 or 4 dollars, at Winco, I was able to get it for 2 something.No employee stopped and greeted us.I don't understand the big bins and plastic containers of muffin mix and nuts. That kind of freaks me out.Using coupons is a nightmare and takes forever to check out.

The desserts were very good. I will for sure be back for the desserts.Casual place. Smells are fantastic. We sat at a window and had a nice view of the strip. Eats okay. Had the veal marsala. I hate to say it, but it is true, this doesnt hold a candle to the same dish at Caraba's.The food here was good, but wasn't anything to rave about.We started with the fried calamari.  It was served with banana peppers, which I love.  The calamari itself was tender and not rubbery.We both went for the chicken parmesan.  My husband loved it, I thought it was just average.  I wasn't in love with the flavor of the sauce, so had to doctor it up with red pepper flakes and parmesan.The service was not that great.  Our waitress was pleasant, but never came around.You can get a decent meal here, but for the price, you will not be blown away.The food was not bad here but definitely did not have that wow factor. Mostly just skip the spaghetti and meatballs, the meatballs were quite the let down :( the calamari is great and the shrimp scampi noodles were on point but the rest of our food (spaghetti and garlic bread appetizer) was just okay. Ambience is cute and servers were nice and on top of drink refills and checking on our table.The atmosphere is cool and view of the strip is nice. The bolognese was very good but the meatball sub was so-so at best with bread so hard the stuff in the middle spilled out everywhere. The house salad was nothing more than romain and the lemon vinaigrette was incredibly salty...like bathed in salt. Not sure I'd come back, so many other good options that are in the same general are.So let me just start by saying the food here is amazing.  The drinks are meh, but the pasta was DELISH!The reason why my review is so low is because our server sucked.  I'm not some snooty restaurant goer either.  I used to work in a restaurant, so I know how it's not hard to be an okay server.  However, that being said, we were there for a Bachelorette dinner, and we had maybe 2 small interactions with our waiter.  He was extremely show, didn't check on us once, but decided to charge us extra for some souvenir cups we didn't ask for and failed to inform us that a smaller bottle of water was $10 each.  We waited for 30 min after we were done eating for him to come by to us and check if we wanted anything else or our bill.  Horrible service and really disapointed about this restaurant as I'm a huge Cake Boss and Buddy fan.  If the service improves by a lot, then I'll be back, but until then, I'd rather be checking out other restaurants on the strip.Was expecting more from this dining experience. Had a charcuterie plate and they went with boring, everyday cheeses. Poor garnishments. Not what you'd expect for $19. My son had the Hoboken Cheesesteak and the meat was excessively greasy. He couldn't finish it without fear of gastrointestinal issues. I had the spaghetti with meatballs. It was good. Not great. Certainly not what I expected from a celebrity chef.Hey,  ba da bing, ba da boom, I'm at the Cake Boss's joint.  You gotta problem with that?  Cause if you do,  he knows a guy who knows a guy! That said,  and it needed to be, I rarely eat southern Italian in restaurants because growing up in NY, I had the good fortune to eat the real master chefs cuisine,  my grandmother,  father,  aunts and friends parents. Anyway my point is,  I'm seriously biased. My goal was to eat something tasty and not heavily laden with sugar,  flour, carbs as I'm in the middle of a book about that stuff which is gross, scary and fascinating all at the same time.  But,  I digress. I went for lunch and ordered grandma's meatballs and a side of Tuscan Kale with roasted tomatoes.  While I get that we didn't use real San Marzano tomatoes here,  it did come close to replicating an authentic flavor.  I should point out that meatballs to Italians is a very serious and personal matter. My extended family can argue endlessly on the what constitutes the perfect meatball, whether there should be inclusions such as pignola nuts, raisens and tons of other stuff you can't possibly imagine. The Tuscan Kale wasn't on the menu,  but Star, my server,  not wanting to disappoint,  checked with the kitchen and they said they could do it.  I was very happy.  That's service! Problem was,  it came out very tough, chewy and barely edible.  So I appreciate the extra effort,  not the result, and the results are what matters. Once you commit to me, I'm expecting your A game stuff. Appropriate classic Italian Frank Sinatra,  Dean Martin, Louis Prima and other legends sang in the background. I'll go back ang give them another try for dinner.Was disappointed with the food and service, all I can say about this place is OK....I had the chicken parmigiana, it was good, but the sauce was very acidic, way too strong for me, I had asked the server prior to ordering and she said it was very mild.

Price was not that cheap and food was just OK. I had my BBQ chicken but nothing like the ones in Montreal. I was just hoping that we can have one in Montreal.

Ordered:

Sashimi - VERY fresh, this is probably the best thing on the menu. We ordered Salmon, Tuna, Yellowtail, etc. all very good.Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus - this was a nice treat, beef was tender, and well marinated.Kobe Potstickers - nothing special, save your money. Don't get it.All of their rolls were nothing special.Chilean Seabass - This was very very good. I highly recommend this.Overall the FOOD is good, just the service wasn't the best. This review is based on food + service. I recommend this restaurant if it was based on Food only.AG made reservations here (Saturday night, 6:30PM) for us to celebrate the end of YM's days as a single lady.  AMBIANCE: Dim, sleek and sexy.  We were seated in a booth, which I think is the way to go (although the tables near the ceiling to wall glass windows with a view of the strip lights seemed nice too).  The noise level was low to start the night, but gradually got rowdy-- you could definitely tell that some of the tables were downing liquid courage.SERVICE: Our waitress was super cute/friendly, but did mess up our drink order once.  The GM stopped by our table to say hello, but it didn't seem like we got any special treatment.FOOD: Average.  I think there was either a set menu, or a previously decided upon order, since our food started arriving course by course as soon as our drink orders were taken.- edamame: Sprinkled lightly with sea salt, I was disappointed the seasoning wasn't evenly distributed.  It also seemed strange that a seemingly nice place like Sushi Roku would charge for edamame (or include it as one of the charged for courses in a set menu).

- "Lobster Bisque" (lobster medaillons, creme fraiche) - this was pretty good, the bisque itself was flavorful and not too thick.  There were small pieces of lobster, could have used more.

Pork with Mushroom

They charge you to pay with a credit card

- Bread, butter, lardo - not as exciting as we thought based on reviews from othersWe shared a salad and a pasta starter, then each got our own entrees. It was the perfect amount of food. The salad being a bit larger and more than enough to share. The pasta was smaller with only 4 or 5 bites per person, but enough for us on that particular night.Overall it was fine, just nothing memorable nor anything we'd ever go back to do again. The service was forced and awkward (and since we were so close to all of our dining mates we were able to hear our servers spiel only about half a dozen times which got old quickly).Its a steak house. I like steak. I'm excited for steak.I got the Filet Mignon. Medium. They purposely undercook their meats b/c its easier to cook 'up' if the customer isn't satisfied. I did not know this and was told this by my waiter, post receiving my medium rare steak. Kind of disappointing. Its a celebrity restaurant so its pricey and everything is ala carte. I'm ok with that, because in return I expect it to be an upscale dining experience. Wrong! Its loud as all get out in there. They have music literally blaring in the dining area. I could understand the bar area but in the actual main dining area they have loud music, I felt like I was talking over music all night. Again, kind of disappointing.The ambiance just didn't do it for me personally.I would prefer other steak houses to this one and would only return if specifically requested by a friend.My wife and I decided to grab a late night meal here after the Beatles Love show at the Mirage. We sat in the bar because we wanted to order just a couple of small plates. We decided on the steak sandwich and the gnocchi. The steak sandwich was $27 and the gnocchi was $19. Both dishes were very good but I thought they were a bit overpriced even for Vegas standards. Food and service was good but I don't think I will return because of the high prices. I think Mario Batali is a little too proud of this restaurant.this place is pretty amazing.. best oysters ive had yet..Really nice experience beautiful room and decor. Excellent service but as with many Vegas restaurants its darn expensive. Shared the Double Porterhouse ($160) with my friend. Meat was cooked perfectly and I thought leaving the bone for use to fight over was a great idea. Amuse bouche was a simple fried cheese ball, it was dry and badly needed a dip or sauce. Sides were good asparagus and spinach but the truffled mashed potatoes didn't really deliver on the truffle taste. They made a big deal about telling us it was REAL truffles not truffle oil but these truffles must have been old because they delivered ZERO truffle taste. I had high expectation for Carne I am a Mario Battoli fan but given the choice I would eat at CUT in the same hotel. Less Expensive, better tasting food.I thought this place was going to be so much better than it actually was. It was ranked the best steakhouse in Las Vegas on a few sites and now I wonder if those sites were sponsored by Carnevino. It is a nice restaurant with great service. I tried the dry aged bone in ribeye, mashed potatoes, and beef cheek ravioli. We were warned the steak was a bit rarer than usual and what would usually be ordered medium-rare should be ordered medium. We took that advice and ordered the steak medium but it came out pretty much rare. The mashed potatoes were ok. I LOVED the beef cheek ravioli though, that was amazing. If you want a great flavorful steak with a nice crust, go to Wolfgang Puck's Cut instead.Our room deal included a $100 food credit at select restaurants, really more like a coupon since we had to use it all at once at one establishment. Lucky for a friend and I we were the only ones to arrive in time for dinner to use it (the rest of the weekend was preplanned) and decided to "splurge" at Carnevino. We really just wanted to try the food at a Mario Batali restaurant and this was the only one on the list for the food credit. Though the tables were all reserved on a Friday evening it was no problem getting a seat at the bar where we were able to order from the dinner menu though it's a bit weird to be eating at a "fine dining" establishment that looks out over the casino.We managed to order the right amount of food so that the total bill including tax came out to $100.53 - complete optimization of our food credit. Of course we paid tip in cash. Since we weren't interested in steak we went a little crazy on the lobster.....VENETIAN SPRITZ ($12) - Aperol liqueur, Prosecco, orange slice, olive

They would also hand out bottled water and mints.Just little things that meant a lot to their customers.This one in PHX Sky Harbor , does not do any of that.

Flashlights provided to read the menu...speak easy style

Agent: OK. I just have to tell you. You're responsible for all damage, admin fees, towing and depreciation.

Family friendly...

2) Good selection of Pittsburgh Specific food (i.e. Isaley's Chipped ham, etc.)

The ambiance (pub-ish)

*Edamame - cold and not salty enough for me

I ordered the 1/2 soup half sandwich of chichken salad on a croissant and italian chicken noodle soup. I was not very happy with neither the sandwich or the soup. First of all, they only have 2 soups for you to choose from, there is no soup menu, it is just whatever soup is designated for soup of the day. I've had way better chicken salad sandwich, the filling was pretty bland, I did not like the flavor. My soup was very greasy, it came out red, I've never had red chicken noodle soup.My friend ordered the pimetto tomato sandwich with bacon with a side of fruit. Her sandwich also looked dry. The fruits that came as a side looked ok, but they are just fresh fruit, a combo of sweet melon, pineapple and large blackberry.We ordered a lemon truffle to share for dessert. That was the BEST part of the meal. The dessert was very rich. I really like the layered presentation, the top is shredded pieces of lemon, then whip cream, then cheesecake, then lemon tart, then ground pecan. Awesome. I will be willing to come back here for dessert but definitely not for a full blown meal.Also, they serve breakfast until 2:30PM.The good: Chicken & apple sausage. Yum!

just started eating the outer portion which was delicious along with the accompanying vegetables.  Service was excellent except I had to ask to get my ice tea refilled.  The waiter

The website still advertises the all you can drink sake.  I'm really pissed right now, and just sent an email to them.  We'll see if anything happens.A strong 3 Stars IMHO...I saw a tip recently that they do a great California Roll here...lol...well they do more than that.  There are only a few incredible things I find here these days (under the "new" owner and staff,) but there is still a lot they are doing right here.As I see it, there are two reasons to come here: Uni & AYCE.  They don't serve any disappointments here.  Just about everything is a little above average, so with AYCE you get a lot of good food at a solid price $26/$27 I think.  But outside of the Uni there is nothing here worth calling out specifically in my book.  One of the better spots in the immediate area, but not a place I go out of my to get to.I've been back a couple of times since the new ownership, and things are getting better, so I'm giving them one more star.  The service has improved, and they have brought back some of the old chefs.   Worth a visit.   But sure wish the new owner wouldn't hover around the sushi bar, looking like he wants to make sure the chefs don't serve too much fish.Not a fan of all you can eat places, particularly when seafood is involved. Often it is an indicator the a la carte is going to be sub par. That being said, seems many of the LV sushi places are all you can eat. Sushi Mon is close by so have tried 2x. It did the trick for a few mediocre rolls of average construction.  Tried the softshell crab tempura which had a funky been sitting in the freezer too long taste.The service is average as well. Am unsure why this place has gotten such rave reviews. Agree with some other yelpers this place is over-hypedOrgasm salad not good and way too expensive. All you can eat good. Sushi good especially frying Jason, lasagna and California.This Sushi-Mon is in my hood and recently was purchased by the Mon group, should be AWESOME right since Goyemon is the businesssssss. A decrease in the hour wait time, some delicious grilled pork belly, and various other delicious appetizers.To echo Jen S. this is a goyemon-lite. They have some of the same appetizers, some of the same specials, and some of the same desserts. They also probably have the same quality fish assuming its the same supplier, but its definitely not the same here. The fish cuts are weird, the assembly of the sushi is different, and the rice is cool. When I say cool I don't mean cool like the button you're gonna hit after reading my review, but cool temperature. Perhaps they don't have the same rice warmer as Goyemon, but to eat cold uni and cold rice, blehhhhh.Better than some AYCE places, but I will be continue my travels to Goyemon land.Went there for Mother's day,  party of 3 around 9pm. First time customers, we all did the AYCE. Sushi and side dishes came out pretty quick.  Side dishes were great,  sushi was good but I've had better. My son didn't care for the uni,  as it is one of his favorites. Just the quality and lack of taste wasn't up to par for him. He ordered one of the rolls with crunchies but it tasted stale. It was an even toss up of good and not so good rolls.

1) Karsen's Burger: simply dressed burger, but the meat was pretty good

One thing I really did enjoy was the guac. That was some good guac. Over all, we had 4 margaritas, carnita tacos, lobster tacos and guac - it was $120 with tip. I don't think it's worth this price. But, whatevs. It was good enough and we all had a good time.I'll be honest. The only reason we came here was because the line for Hash House was INSANELY long. So making our way out of The Quad toward The Linq, we saw this place and since we were all starving (& trying to recover from the night before) we decided to try it out.We were sat right away and greeted with ice waters (which was amazing given it was 109° that day) and chips and salsa.The chips and salsa were the best part of the meal. The salsa had a good kick and the chips had a spicy seasoning and a nice crunch.We ordered their guac and pork rinds to start with. The portion of guac for the price was just sad. Like a baby scoop of ice cream. Totally a bummer because it was decent! Had a nice little tang to it from the pomegranate seeds and paired with the pork rinds made it very unique.

Not within walking distance of any places to eat; nearest shopping center is about a mile away.Decent hotel. Very nice staff. Rooms are dark. It's very convenient and close to where I need to be. The workout room needs work. Equipment doesn't work very well. The treadmill was impossible to figure out and the bike kept shutting off.Service was slow, but the staff is knowledgeable.I was surprised when I saw this place had only 2 stars. We went in for goggles. We were the only customers but the guy was really helpful and let us try on several pair to make sure they fit my son properly.Delia's would get four stars but they have raised their prices significantly since the last time I used their services which makes it not even worth my time now.However, when I did use them on a consistent basis and when they were cheaper they always did a great job and I looked sharp in my clean and creased clothes.Delia's is A-OK if you don't mind paying premium price !I have been to see Dr Gong twice now.  The first time I went (a couple years ago), Dr Gong performed my exam and I was pleased with the results.  This time when I went, I was first taken to a room by an assistant who performed some preliminary test.  This is pretty standard.  I was then told that Dr. Gong was busy with another patient and that a senior intern would begin my exam until the Dr was ready if I didn't mind.  I guess I could have said I minded, but I thought the Doctor would be in soon.  Well, that never happened.  She did pop in at the end, smile and say hi, but was not in any way part of the exam.  If you're like me, you do some research about credentials before choosing a doctor.  Dr. Gong has excellent credentials, but I don't know about her interns.  I chose Accent based on Dr. Gongs credentials, not because I heard she has good interns.  I don't think I will return.  The other issue I have is that after dilation, it is hard to choose a set of frames.  My vision was so blurry that I couldn't really make a decision, so didn't end up buying new glasses.  I will either have to return later or purchase elsewhere.   Probably the latter as I didn't think the selection of frames was that great.They don't have very many ice cream choices but I choose coconut/pineapple and it was very good. Small cup $1.50.Great prices, small selection, everything is off the rack. Did not find the dress here and was referred to the store in Mesa. The associate who helped was great but I felt like she was rushing us out of the store and trying to send us out to Mesa. It is worth the try but probably just skip going here and just go to the Mesa location.Its 7 a_m and their not open whays going on there. When I went up to the drive thru there wasn't even a breakfast menu upI'm pretty luke-warm about Other Mothers.  Some visits, I'm thinking, "This is the greatest place ever!!" And then others, I'm like, "Ugh I'm so annoyed, why did I come here?!"  It's a back-and-forth relationship we have.Every time we go to get clothing for our baby girl, I am never disappointed.  Their prices are amazing and some of the best I've encountered compared to other consignment stores.  I can visit multiple weekends in a row and still find a huge variety of different clothing each time.  I always leave with a bunch of new (well, new to us) outfits for unbelievable prices.  We only bought a toy once.  It was a huge purple stuffed octopus with little baby toys on the arms.  It was in great condition and we got it for $8.  I later looked it up online and found that it was $25 originally, so I was definitely happy with that find!The issues I have are in regards to the atmosphere and cleanliness of the store, not so much the quality of the merchandise.  We've smelled many unpleasant smells while shopping here.  One time in particular, the smell of pee was so overwhelming that we were forced to browse in another part of the store.  And what's worse is it was the smell of "old pee" (you other moms out there know what I'm talking about).  So it had been there for a while.  It was awful, and we ended up leaving that time without buying anything.Along with the smells, it's incredibly cramped and crowded.  Everywhere you turn, there are toys, racks of clothes, car seats, strollers, play houses, stuffed animals, shoes, play sets, carts, more toys, more clothes...it's very uncomfortable.  I have been at different times of the day and different days of the week, and I always finding it hard to relax and take my time shopping because of how full and cramped the aisles are.  It makes it hard for everyone there to browse around and get in and out seamlessly, especially families with multiple kids.Overall, they have unbelievable prices but a not-so-great environment.  I definitely appreciate the variety and multitude of items available, but I think the discomfort and lack of cleanliness can be avoided with more attention to organization from the staff.  That along with the awesome prices could make for one amazing shopping experience.This store buys and sells clothes for the whole family. my intention was to sell. I had two big bags of clothes and I was going to donate whatever they didn't take. I wasn't looking get tons of money out of it either, just wanted it out of my hair.The people working there were pleasant. I was told to go a counter, handed them my things, filled out a ticket, and they told me when to come back and pick up the leftovers. I went there around 1 and had to come back around 4:30 and 5. When I came back, I gave them my ticket and the lady gave me my bags back with a small stack of leftovers. So they had bought about 4/5 of my two big bags. If I had taken store credit, I would get $62, but since I wanted cash they give you half.In my experience, I've gotten around $50-60 for that amount of clothes at different shops (in a different city). However, I didn't particularly care this time because I jus wanted to get rid of the clothes. The experience was just fine, but if you want more money for your clothes, I would look for a different shop. If you wanted the store credit, then go for it.It's Western-wear heaven for the city slicker at this cavernous temple to Wranglers, stetson hats, and Justin boots.  What was I doing here, you ask?  Turns out my buddy is gittin hitched - and he's havin a country weddin.  He's gonna git 'er done!!Fair prices and huge selections of Wranglers, button-up shirts, and hundreds of boots (work and cowboy) for men, women and kids.  Workers are friendly and knowledgeable.After a week long search for 13EE boot. My journey ended here. Must have had over 1000 boots and the place was huge with cloths and all kinds of non cowboy related merchandise. I was left to my lonesome as I tried on about 8 pair before I found the only one's that actually fit like I'd had them for years. I was expecting to pay way more than I did. Nice place, but the employees need to actually notice the customers!This place is large and do they have boots. The racks were never ending with plenty of choices even for the picky buyer.  I browsed about and evidently I was too picky. Nothing i liked or wanted. The rack against the wall has the discounted boots good prices on them also. I continued to browse the store and not once was i approached by an employee but that's okay. I did find a couple of shirts I liked, price was right so that was it. Decent store lots of stuff. If you need help you have to find them.I like going to this little strip mall restaurant when I can because they have some interesting dishes and great tamales. Phoenix has a lot of chain restaurants, so Mi Cocina Mi Pais provides a breath of fresh air when it comes to authentic Ecuadorian food. The only downside is that this place is really small and sometimes the service can be a bit on the slow side - even if there aren't that many people in the restaurant. The desserts are great to try out too if you save room ;)I love South American cuisine.  Central and South America are in my mind the only regions that can compete with the Indies for the most amazingly deep flavors.  I love how casually sweet, spicy, tangy and savory all interplay.  To me, soul food is less about richness as the result of copious amount of butter, but rather heartiness as the result of complex-yet-unpretentious spices and flavorings.  The mere mentioning of aji me want to salivate and cry at the same time.  I. Love. South American cuisine.I also love small hole-the-wall restaurants with rundown interiors and friendly service, and I covet restaurants businesses run by immigrants families who are proud of their heritage.   The moment my friends and I sat ourselves at the slightly beat up wooden table, I thought to myself, "This restaurant is perfect."  Cute old man working front of house; proud wife/mother cooking in the back.  This restaurant is like the "Christmas Shoes" of restaurants -- ingeniously constructed to pull at every single one of my heartstrings....And that's why writing this review kills me.We started off with the sampler of tamales, which all came out hot and tasty.  The Ecuadorian tamale was especially delightful.  The pork was moist and full of flavor -- definitely a great note to start on.  I noticed they had Inca Kola.  Another plus!  Off to a great start!Unfortunately, the entrees dropped the ball big time.  I ordered the mahi mahi stew with yucca root; my friend Elaine got the Ecuadorian churrasco, and my friend Ravi got Mi Bandera(?).  I will chalk it up to the fact that it was a tad bit busy and the server/owner was kind of all over the place, but it seemed as though our food had been waiting for a while before being presented to us.  The pork on Ravi's plate was lukewarm and dry, as was the "steak" (which appeared to simply be a thin slice of top round) on Elaine's plate.  Both had some flavor, but the flavors weren't particularly vibrant.  The churrasco in particular could have used a boost.  My fish was fine.  The broth was very tangy, but I'm a vinegar-lovin' Filipino, and so I like things on the tangier side, but other than the few pieces of fish and yucca, there wasn't much more to the dish.  It needed a bit more substance; it seemed almost as though it was meant to be served with a plate full of rice.  On the plus side, the plantains were cooked perfectly.I want to believe that the mistake was ours, and that we ordered the wrong entrees for our palettes, but the sad truth is that my friends that night and I are very forgiving diners with adventurous palettes, andMi Comida disappointed us.  The novelty of South American cuisine in Phoenix makes this restaurant worth a look and I truly do wish the restaurant the best, but based on this experience, the chances of me returning are pretty slim.We went here for dinner last night.  After leaving our house in CenPho around 6:30, we arrived home around 10:30.  Traffic was normal.  The place was full when we arrived a little after 7, but a table became available 10 minutes after we arrived.  Save for a party of two, none of the people sitting in the restaurant had food.  Understandably, we were last in the queue for a full house, but we didn't even get drinks until 8:30.   That means we had to sit under fluorescent lights with nothing but a screaming baby to soothe our nerves.  It felt like waiting for your name to get called in an emergency room.  Over the course of the evenng, three other parties arrived after we did, and their wait for food and drink was not as long.  I understand that timing is everything and we probably came at the worst possible time.   That said, after reading other Yelpers say that service was slow, we had no way of knowing that "slow" meant we would wait more than an hour for drinks, more than 1.5 hours for appetizers, and about 2 hours for food.  Under fluorescent lights.  With a boor or two yelling nearby.Am I complaining about service?  No, because the old man that ran the joint did all that he could.  He was as sweet as can be.  It just may be that a little place like this cannot handle all the business from all the buzz. The Ecuadorian fish ceviche was unbelievably good and hearty.  Seco de chivo (goat stew) was tasty.  Love the plaintains.  The merlot was surprisingly good (no burn going down despite the low price tag of $4.50/glass).  We had 3 kinds of empanadas -- two were okay, one was not good.  Hubby's steak was flavorful but tough.  The food is worth the price and I strongly suspect that the kitchen performs better when the place is not packed to the gills.  I would come back if I am nearby, but a taco from Taco Bell beforehand would probably improve matters.Haven't been here in years since it changed from mi cocina mi pais but the charm is still there. Cute and tiny mom-and-pop place with friendly albeit limited service.  The menu is more geared towards comfort-food latin american staples - ceviches, empanadas, stews, and sides such as plaintains and rice.  Solid choice if you're in the area...Great food, ridiculously slow service. If they hired a wait staff the place would be over the moon good. Everything is delish...just bring a good book, Ipad, or puzzle to pass the time.Another meet up for the International Supper Club and another tasty dinner. This place is a little far from where I live so I probably won't become a regular but I did really enjoy it. The place is real small but is decorated cute and seems very clean. As others have mentioned they are a bit slow but to be fair we were a large group.To start, hubby and I ordered the empanada Colombiana and Green Tamal. The empanada was a bit different than what I am used to in Mexico since it was fried but it was really yummy. The outside tasted like masa rather than wheat flour based dough. And the filling was good, too. My only regret is that there wasn't more of it. Next time I would order two! ;0) The tamal was absolutely delicious and I would say a must get. The masa was wonderful, not too greasy but not too fluffy. And just a hint of sweetness so you can tell its green corn. There was a mild chili and some creamy white cheese in the center. So simple and yet so good!!For our entrées, I had the Sango de Camarones. Unfortunately I didn't care for this one too much. I don't think there was anything wrong with it, just not to my taste. I was expecting a brothy soup with the shrimp but really it was more of a gumbo type dish. I still ate the shrimp and I will say that they know how to cook shrimp. In both my dish and the bit of ceviche I tasted the shrimp was not rubbery and overcooked at all, it was perfectly pink and juicy. Edgar had carne asada which he asked for spicy. But little did he know how spicy it would be! I almost think they have ghost peppers back there. That is what the dish tasted like and the sauce was red. The meat was very tender and flavorful (yes, I stole a bite) the side dishes were good as well (lentils and plantain fritters). For dessert we split a coco flan which unfortunately we ordered just by pointing at what someone else had got rather than looking at the menu and seeing that it contained coconut. Hubby doesn't particularly like coconut but since this dish is sort of half cake and half flan, the flan part didn't have much coconut in it. So we were still able to share and be happy! ;0)Ya know, this place is not bad.  With only a few tables, this restaurant was packed early on a Saturday night.  The owner is also the only waiter (at least when we were there), so it was a touch slow, but really we didn't mind... based on previous reviews we expected it.  The food was pretty good.  We both cleared our plates, but I just wasn't floored.  I typically love all ethnic food, but I can't say I was blown away.  Either way, everything was solid and tasty.  Clearly homemade, which is always a plus. We tried a variety of food off the menu, including tamales, combo plate, and empanadas.  Everything was quite unique.If you're looking for a "hole in the wall" place with something a bit different, I would say, check this place out!We went to this place with my husband to see if they had any Argentinean empanadas, or argentinean dough to make them, but they do not have anything Argentinean , it is all Ecuatorian , it is really good food.But we were looking for Argentinean , anyway is good. I did not like the meat, very spicy , and we Argentineans do not like spicy food.Mediocre Chinese food but incredibly cheap. Huge portions. Zero decor, get your food to go.My rating is mostly for the service, which was incredibly friendly :).  However the way the food is setup is like a buffet style but they dish it out for you is cheesy and cafeteria like.  And, as always with that style, you're never really sure how long that food has been sitting there.  We had the teriyaki chicken with white rice and it looked delicious but the sauce was so unbelievably plain that it was not good at all.  Egg rolls were average.  Maybe if they have something like General Tsao's (which I didn't see on the menu) I would try it.8/7/13 This location now closed.Been ordering delivery from here for over ten years....  never been disappointed.  Until this week.  Phone number disconnected - haven't driven by to see if they are actually closed.  :-(If you are looking for a cheap drink, this is it. Casey Jones tries to pass off as the bourgeois of bars, but really Casey Jones a kitschy place for the younger crowd as "the place to be" on a Saturday night. Typically they have a  band in the corner of the pool room that's plastered and singing cover songs off-key; and by the time I'm leaving five people will have been kicked out for disorderly misconduct. Then there is always the drunken bitch at the bar who declares it's time to make a scene because the bartender was doing her job and cut off  the "Drunk Bitch." It's a fun place to go when you want to people watch (obviously for the reasons mentioned above) or laugh with friends over the crazy Japanese TV shows broadcast by G4 on the bar TV's.On weeknights the domestic longneck beers are 95 cents and they have 2.50 you-call-it's.The food is sooo good (but bad for you like any other bar food) and they have half-price reverse happy hour special. It's slow during the week; it takes forever for the food to come out. The kitchen closes at midnight so order first thing when you get there.This place is pretty legit. It has a reverse happy hour--ON WEEKENDS, which is pretty nice. $1.50 small pitchers of Coors Light and 2.50 u-call-its can't be beat. Also, they keep the kitchen open pretty late, so you can indulge yourself with a cheap, greasy pizza before you head home.To be fair, you do get what you pay for. My white russian, vodka cranberry, and gin and tonic were all poorly mixed and packing way too much liquor. That sucks in a good way, but I kinda wish they had more bartenders. They were always in a rush and seemed pretty pissed off, but I can't blame them entirely with that sort of workload.Also, beware of security. They aren't jerks, but they have zero tolerance. I saw some douchebag kid with his Hollister collar popped defiantly throw a napkin on the floor like he was a rebel without a cause. The bouncer kindly grabbed said popped collar, commanded said douche to pick it up, and kindly set him back in his seat. Owned.Beware, older Yelpers. This place is a stone's throw from ASU West, so if you have a bias against college kids stay away. I like the crowd, it was large, and by no means a sausage fest. Between all the people, the cheap booze, the food, and the DJ, this place is pretty damned solid 3.5 stars rounded down to 3. Even though they do a lot of things right, I won't become a fan of any establishment that can't make a drink to my liking! I'll still come back for more if I'm in the area.So my girlfriend mentioned this place as being a pretty cool place to go.. "back in the day."  I guess things change right?We were looking for some place that we could sit and hang and eat some yummy fried food.  Ahhh Casey's was the place.   She was sold because drinks were only $5.  Cant beat that.  I nursed my Diet Pepsi while she drank a lemon drop martini.  We started off with some wings that tasted like they were a few days old and heated up.  not the greatest.  We also tried the cheese sticks.  I hear the old ones from back in the day were pretty damn good.  Unfortunately they did not have them.I also got a sandwich on a croissant, but yeah.. I think it was sweet bread.  So the food wasnt great at all really.. however our waitress was really cool, so I'll give it 3 stars.This place was awesome. I say this because the management decided to make things better. What he forgot to do was fix the bathrooms. They're disgusting! The wings, pizza, burgers and the beef nachos are great. I recommend that. They changed the menu, they should of kept it because it was affordable for families. Now somethings are priced way too much for the size and taste. The fish fry, its too watery. The tacos salad, the shell is stale and the lettuce seems old. The wait staff used to be great, but I guess they wise up and left. Now they make you wait and sometimes the orders are not right and food is sometimes cold, but the people who do things right are the women that help clear the tables. THEY should be the servers! I bet they don't get tipped. But since my family are regulars we tip them. :) This place is good for basketball and football. But you have to get here a half hour to an hour earlier to get your table or you'll be standing. Happy hour is great, but you should call to make sure when it is because it seems to change from time to time. The specials on the menu are great too. Saturday, if you're a fan of pizza and wings is great price!I will be going back since the family loves the atmosphere.We hit up this store way more often than we'd like to. But it's a necessary evil when you have a boat, and the lack of foresight to order your supplies online.The prices are a little high, but they're pretty much the only game in town. Plus their staff is very nice and helpful. You can also pick up a Tonto pass here before you head to the lake, and save yourself a stop.What Korina says about this place is dead-on!

For an additional $3pp you get one dessert each. Beware of the menu it's a bit confusing; there's a lot going on. Overall the food is always good, not amazing, but good. The dessert menu is horrible!!! Only three options and what's supposed to be there best, soaked bread topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, isn't even that good. Their "second best," chocolate cake, is horrendous! I don't even want to try the coconut flan. But as far as the tacos go, I've tried almost all of them and the best would have to be the Pancita. I feel like the menu and food need improvement. For "high end" Mexican food and what they charge you'd expect a lot more. We come here because our kids love playing in the arcade and Mercadito is one of the better options inside RR. On a brighter note, the staff is great and very friendly!I really enjoy trying new restaurants and looked forward to trying a New Mexican restaurant at red rock. I heard good things about the gourmet street tacos at mercadito and tried it about a week ago. Although the happy hour drinks were tasty I was disappointed when it came to the tacos we tried. I felt the pork was chewy and lacked flavor. The service left a bit to be desired as well. Our waiter seemed ready for us to leave and hovered at our table after placing the check. Overall, I was kinda disappointed because I love most restaurants at red rock.I wish Yelp had half star ratings cause this is a 3.5/5.I went when the club went up (on a Tuesday) to get that industry offer and we ordered a shit ton of food.Ambiance and decor as Marshawn Lynch would say was cool, dark vibe to it.We ordered:Tocino & Sweet Potato Guacamole - Not bad, very sweetChipotle, Roja, Habanero Salsa - Ehhhh I've had betterShrimp Ceviche - Ok cevicheQueso Fundido w/ Short Rib - Bomb.com...just be careful if you let it get cold it reminds you of what it would be like in your stomach but this is a must get but heavy app.Carne Asada Tacos - Good but nothing specialChile Relleno - Shoulda read the menu cause I wasn't expecting shrimp in it. Ok Chile RellenoCarne Asada - Bomb.com as it had great flavor and was cooked medium to perfectionEnchilada - These were cool but again nothing special

Toy: "Are you going to tip me?"

As for me, the pizza may not be my taste, but with the high level of quality of food, the extensive menu, And the very nice staff, I'm more than willing to go back on a quiet weeknight and enjoy a Chicago style pasta meal and salad.Yelp Eats Week 2011 (50% off!), Take 2:07/13/11Was "in the neighborhood" (Tempe) and thought today would be the perfect day to try an east valley participating restaurant I probably would never even contemplate driving to from all the way in north Scottsdale.  Looking over my list of possibles (whose menus intrigued me online... OK, let's face it-- whose menus offered me a few items I could ACTUALLY eat, due to my food allergies), and I chose Jimmy's of Chicago.  I was sure I'd come face-to-face w/ a dive-y sports bar, but the food photos I'd seen on their Yelp profile begged to differ, so I decided to surprise myself.And what a pleasant surprise it was!  (To those using Navigation app to locate this place, ignore directions saying to turn right on Pecos traveling on Gilbert Rd. off of the 202E and just continue on, making the first right into the complex past Pecos.)  I arrived just in the nick of time, as a couple was just walking out and the elderly man held the door open for me.  Please note that this is one heavy door!  Upon entry, I indeed was met w/ a noisy and dive-y sports bar, but I'd asked to be seated somewhere less noisy and was directed to a room that was reminiscent of a living room filled w/ dark furnishings-- I think there may even be a fireplace in there, but I could be wrong.  This room won't disappoint those who arrive w/ their families, who don't want to, or can't sit by the bar, and yet want to catch some sports action, as I counted 5 (that's FIVE) mounted flat-screens!  On to the food!  I arrived just before 6p, so I was able to take advantage of their happy hour special of $5 a glass of house wine- my choice was the chardonnay.  I decided to go w/ the Frazalle-cheta to start, the homemade ricotta cavatelli w/ vodka sauce for my main course, and the (only homemade dessert choice on the menu) tiramisu to finish.  A serving of warmed bread and butter arrived even before the wine appeared- nice!  It wasn't long before the app arrived, and was it a pretty sight to behold!  A ring of toasted old-style bread, brushed w/ butter and garlic, surrounding a nice presentation of pepperoni, fontinella, artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, and halved grape tomatoes w/ homemade vinaigrette.  The bread felt a bit stale to me, so I mentioned it to the server, who said that the dish is made from an old peasant recipe that calls for day-old bread that is softened and is something they tried to recreate here.  So, I tried to ignore the staleness.  Otherwise, the rest of the dish was very good!  (I was only able to get a photo of the app, as my battery was too low to take pics of the entree and dessert, which actually turned out for the best, as the entree wasn't much to look at...)  A few pieces of bread and bruschetta toppings, and I was ready for the pasta.The entree included my choice of soup (minestrone, escarole and beans, fagioli) or salad, and I went w/ the salad, choosing the homemade strawberry vinaigrette.  If you like strawberries, then you will love this vinaigrette-- it tasted as if I was eating sweet pureed strawberries!  The veggies were fresh and crisp.  It's a good thing I wasn't planning on eating much of it, bec. the bowl wasn't even on the table for two minutes, when my cavatelli appeared- no exaggeration!  As I've mentioned before, the cavatelli wasn't much to look at.  The pasta looked very white and pasty, while the vodka sauce was thick and had a terra cotta matte-d hue going on.  I like ricotta, so I found it palatable, but very bland, so I quickly put the table-side parmesan and red pepper flakes to good use.  A few forkfuls of this and I was ready for something sweet!The portion of four-layered homemade tiramisu offered here originally for $5.99 is very small (around 3.5" x 2.5" x 2.5"), so it's a good thing I paid only $3 for it.  It's very good, even w/o the Hershey's chocolate sauce drizzled on top (I had it on the side).  Loved the strength of the liquors used, as well as the textures of the sweetened ricotta and espresso-drenched chocolate lady-fingers.  Mmm...  I'd like to have another, please!  I may be talked into visiting Jimmy's again before Yelp Eats week is over...  Another table's braciole w/ mostaccioli (flank steak, tomato sauce, and penne) looked good, despite the dollop of tomato sauce.  (Again, what's w/ the sauces' presentation here?  This seriously has to be addressed!)  If nothing else, I'd like to try the stuffed artichoke app and have a go at the Coocizza (you guessed it- your choice of chocolate chip, Reese's peanut, or white chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie w/ ice cream on top).  I also spotted a breakfast menu!  Now, if only I'd get a chance to make it to this area early enough...They were playing songs from the 70s, like: my woman from tokyo.  I hadn't heard that one in ages.  Took me back to pizza joints from my youth.Got the stuffed artichoke app, but they didn't take the thistle out.  You know, that makes for an interesting mouthful of hair like spines.The homemade cavetelli (similar to gnocci) was a hearty pasta choice.  It is thick like a dumpling, so be prepared (if you're not familiar with that pasta type).  The vodka sauce was flavorful.After a few bites, it was obvious that the braciole with mostaccioli was a good choice.  However, after several more bites, it became evident that the braciole was overcooked.The sausage with peppers and potatoes was filling.  The sausage was a bit overcooked, and the peppers and potatoes needed more seasoning.We topped it off with a piece of their homemade tiramisu, which tasted excellent, but would have been better with more ladyfinger (and a homemade chocolate sauce, as opposed to Hershey's syrup).My fiance and I were excited to try this place out, it's right by our house and several friends recommended it.  I have to say, it was not as good as I was hoping.  There was nothing really "wrong" with the experience, but there was nothing really "WOW" about it either.  The staff was nice, so that was a plus.  However, I was not impressed with the food (maybe it was our choices).  Both dishes we ordered were bland, the bread they serve is nothing special, there was just nothing that stood out as great.  I was surprised at the prices too, about $45 for an appetizer, 2 entrees and waters (not including tip).  My fiance said he would go back to try pizza or something else, as for me, if I want yummy Italian food, I'm going to Pestos (another place I have Yelped about)!I'm giving Jimmy's three stars because the young lady that took care of us last night was very good (customer service). But, don't go for the salmon salad or the linguine with white sauce. My wife said the clams were pretty rubbery and the salmon salad, while good, was nothing that I would reorder (overpriced and nothing spectacular). The place seems to do a booming business with locals. Maybe the pizza or other things on the menu are what draw folks in. Nice atmosphere and good service but there is better Italian food to be found in Gilbert.Fortunately, we were with friends so the food quality was only secondary to the quality of the evening.It was a meal of highs and lows.  This casual sit-down eatery had no shortage of Chicago memorabilia or senior citizen patrons.  It's like they're going head-to-head against NY54 Pizza over in Sun Lakes.The mussels in red sauce were a FANTASTIC appetizer.  The spicy, garlicky (sp?)sauce was a great complement to the perfectly cooked mussels.  I wish I got the full pound instead of the half.  I also wish they served bread or even another bowl for the shells.My wife's pasta fagioli was not nearly as appetizing.  It tasted like Campbell's tomato soup with a few noodles and cannellini beans thrown in.The house salad was standard, but at least it was fresh and crisp.  The vinagrette was a little tart for my taste.We split a pizza.  The subtle notes of the crispy thin crust and tangy tomato sauce were solid, but they were totally overwhelmed by a thick layer of bland cheese.  Toppings were sparse.The homemade tiramisu was good, but not great.  It was a little too whip creamy, and am I the only one who doesn't like chocolate sauce over tiramisu?  I want to savor the coffee flavor, not the Hershey's syrup.In summary, I'd go back.  Anything in their tomato sauce is bound to be good, especially the spicy version.  Try the mussels.  Pass on the pizza and the pasta fagiole.Don't get me wrong, there food is GREAT. Especially their vodka sauce, its to die for! The atmosphere is the biggest and maybe only complaint i have.  And when I say atmosphere, I mean the manager. At first, I thought she was just mildly loud woman having a good time. I didn't mind this at all until I saw employees approach her every now and then. The FIRST RULE of bar tending is never ever drink on duty. ESPECIALLY if you are the manager or owner. This sets a bad example for the business and is just plain tacky to observe as a customer. As the I was finishing up my meal, I saw her verbally berating one of the employees. I'm not saying that the employee didn't deserve this, but whatever the situation was, it could have been delt with more privately. Overall, I had a great experience. Good food, great service. Christy (our waitress)  was why we will come back (if we do). She was fantastic, and had a great smile/attitude. Its a shame that the management is in the condition that it is.A good neighborhood joint with decent food. They could improve the bread, though. Great place for a quick bite. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed.Average place.  Food is good, not great.  Service is good, not great...you might get the wrong drink. Overall, good place for food and to hang out.Came in on Friday night around dinner time, but it was surprisingly not busy for a sports bar on a Friday night. In the true sense, this is definitely more of a sports bar than it is an Italian restaurant, but they do have some interesting selections, mostly homemade food, and pretty tasty meals.The service is catered more towards a group of sports fanatics than it is towards Italian food fanatics. We ordered the half chicken; one with steamed vegetables and one with the regular potato side. We were informed that these would take 25 minutes to prepare. We were completely okay with this, as it usually means the food is a little more fresh.The salads came first, and they were just ordinary salads, nothing spectacular, but the lettuce and vegetables were fresh and crisp.Our entrees arrived, and the steamed vegetables were incorrect so we had to wait for them to bring out a new side. Most of the chicken was a little dry, but did have some decent flavor. The half chicken was served in pieces (thigh, leg, breast, etc.) instead of a one-piece half chicken. This might have lent itself to making the chicken a little more dry. The potatoes were nothing special, but the new steamed vegetables that were brought out were cooked perfectly.To finish up we definitely needed to try the Tiramisu. We wanted to make sure it was made in house as the menu depicted, and our waitress confirmed that it was. A bit later the Tiramisu was served to our table. Now normally my pallet is a little desensitized to the taste of alcohol in food and desserts. I normally am not able to pick out the flavors of the liquor in Tiramisu at other restaurants, but this was an exception. I could definitely sense the flavors of the liquor, so if you are a Tiramisu fanatic and like strong and bold flavors, this would be the one for you. The ladyfingers were light, and the mascarpone cream was fluffy, not too sweet, and fairly airy. Definitely our favorite part of the meal.If you don't come in expecting five-star food, but instead expect a laid-back environment with above-average Italian food for the type of restaurant, this is the place. The prices are decent, especially during lunch and happy hour, and the Tiramisu is worth getting. Service was a little lackluster, but the restaurant was clean, wi-fi is available, and this is a good place to bring family and friends to hang out.Very VERY average. Actually disappointed in the braciole. Kelsey with the pretty smile and form fitting shorts would probably make me think about going back and trying something different.I dined here for dinner with friends, and did enjoy it.  Nothing super-fancy, but the service was good, and the food was decent (always a plus in my book).I had a salad, which was fresh, and a personal pizza, which was crisp & tasty.  I thought the prices were a bit on the high end given the type of place this is, but the service & fresh food made up for it..Tasted the chicken parmigiana, which was good, but  not fantastic - I would venture to guess that most of the menu is about like that - You are probably pretty "safe' in ordering just about everything.....It is a busy place with moderate noise level & kids - Not a place for that "romantic" date you've been planning for ages.....3/5 stars - Will go back & try again someday.Food is pretty good. Mom and pop feel to the place. Friendly staff. The only complaint is that the service falls a little short. Especially if you sit in the row of booths to the left when you first walk in. Not sure what it is about that row but every time we sit there we go for several minutes with empty glasses and no waiter in sight. Overall its a good place and very family friendly. We will continue to keep this place on the weekly routine.Stopped in for a quick bite while on the area. As we entered I was unsure if we could seat ourselves or had to wait.  Took longer than expected but ultimately the young lady behind the bar yelled and said we could sit where we liked.I must say I was disappointed by the food.  I had the chicken parm sandwich (and fries).  I chicken was hard and a little burned around the edges.  Not enough sauce on the sandwich and just lacking flavor. My friend said the same about the sausage and peppers she ordered. The portion sizes were great for the price and the server was very pleasant and friendly which is why I gave 3 stars.This is a decent Panera, but not one of my favorites in Pittsburgh. Try the one at the waterfront instead. Nothing really wrong with this one except the location borders on sketchy.I don't know what's up with all the bad reviews here. I have nothing to complain about and the food here is as good as at other Paneras.Holy expensive food Batman. My boyfriend has been encouraging me to eat at Panera Bread for years.  I am the kind of gal who likes to spend $3.75 on lunch if I can get away with it and Panera just always seemed so pretentious to me.  When I think of Panera Bread I think of Au Bon Pain expenivse as hell for no reason.  I had a black bean soup and a hunk of bread grand total $9.00 me thinks not!Meh.  It's okay.   I got the pick two with 1/2 of a tomato and mozzarella panini and the new cream of mushroom soup with a lemonade.  I looove mushrooms but this soup is not good.   Totally unimpressed.  The panini was decent. ..same as always.   I remember their food being waaay better.Another average branch in a very busy area of Shadyside on Baum. The quality of the food is still good, the staff are nice, but I did notice that the restaurant is not as kept as the location in Oakland. There were dirty and disheveled tables, overflowing trashcans, and the floor was littered with food crumbs and napkins. They should have at least one employee designated for the upkeep of the dining area, as with the Oakland branch. I stopped in around 3:30 in the afternoon at a very unbusy time, so there was no reason why the dining area wouldn't look its best. Nevertheless, I would still stop in again sometime.I work nearby so I go to this Panera for lunch as a last resort. I only get soup and bakery items. I refuse to pay $11 for wilted lettuce or one slice of turkey on a tiny sandwich. The quality is terrible. The service is usually ok. But I was once waited on by a manager who didn't speak to me. Not even to tell me my total. But he was very nice to the girl behind me. I haven't seen him lately, hopefully he got fired.Three stars for the soup and bakery.It's Panera so expect to experience the corporate Panera vibe. The store was tidy and clean and the staff friendly. I was needing some food and coffee after a long night and they were close. After my disaster with Ritters Diner (filthy place) and growing weary of the Starbucks I headed down. The breakfast sandwich was ok and although asking for one pump of mocha, I watched as they disregarded my request and put several pumps of syrup into my drink. Other than that, no surprises here.My only problem is the services here. Just bloody rude for no reason. Other than that the food was absolutely delicious.This is a decent Panera store, and I come here regularly because it is close to where I work.  I typically do rapid order pickup but on occasion go in to order, and typically the service is a bit slow, hence why I order ahead using their app. The staff are generally pleasant enough but yes, they could be friendlier, but I've never experienced anyone be rude to me.  I find the store and bathrooms to be neat and tidy and have never thought that the store was unclean, but again I rarely eat in, so maybe I'm not there long enough to witness this. The food is decent quality even if it is a bit expensive, but I'd choose Panera over fast food any day.  They offer a lot of healthier options than other quick take out places, and they do their best to use natural ingredients and provide nutritional information/calories for each of their items, so that makes eating their convenient and easy if you are tracking your daily intake.  Overall I think they are as good as any other Panera that I've been to, so I plan to keep going back.Be sure to sign up for Panera's Rewards program - even if you only eat there once or twice a month, you typically can get freebies every couple of months.  Also try the Rapid Pickup order by using their app to place your order ahead of time - this is really convenient and makes getting in and out a breeze!The staff is very friendly but the prices are ridiculous. To expensive for what you get.I tried three different kinds of bagels from this store. Swiss Melt, Asiago Melt and Cinnamon. All three were very good, my husband and I fought over the cinnamon ones. (The cheese bagels were excellent for making sandwiches.)The price structure is a little weird, you have to pay attention or you might end up paying more than you expected as some bagels are considered 'premium' and so have an added charge. And yes, it is in a BP gas station, but a very clean gas station that also has hand-dipped ice cream.Allright bagels. Hard to get them fast and hot when busyBig Apple Bagels used to be located on McCoy Rd in that little shopping center by Blockbuster.  Then they went out of business.  The sign on their door at the time said "closed due to tough economic times."  About a year later they re-emerged inside their present location, a fancy pance gas station.  Just so everyone knows, before that fancy gas station was built on that piece of property, there used to be a big, beautiful farm house there.  It appeared to be built in the early 19th century and was surrounded by 100 year old oak trees.  I find that tidbit of information depressing every time I look at this new gas station, who by the way, has the highest gas prices in town.Relating specifically to the service, the employees are hit and miss.  The employees for the gas station and the bagel shop are interchangeable.  I've seen both groups covering both businesses.  There is one employee in particular who is my prickly little peach.  She wears 40 tons of black eye liner, a black choker, and a frown every day.  I'm pretty sure she's bipolar.  One day she's friendly, the next she is pelting you with insults that come flying out of her mouth at the speed of light and leave you with a million little paper cuts.    Their sandwiches are expensive, and very underwhelming.  I can do better at home.  Plus, they all act like they are being incredibly inconvenienced when you ask for a sandwich to be made.  Extra tip here:  Have a general idea what you want, because you will get the super heavy eye rolls and flying insults, (if prickly peach is working) when you appear to be undecided in any way.And please, please don't have any questions!!!    I've tried all the flavors of bagels, and cheddar is obviously the best, that's why I hoard them.  Someone call that show on A&E!!!!  They also have muffins, but they are just ok and again expensive.My advice is to run in there with your coat on, have a good idea what you want ahead of time, be clear when you order, pay for them, and hurry out.         In closing I will tell you a secret!!  If you go after 5pm the bagels are half priced!  Shhhhh!!Savers is clean and well organized.  I love that they sort out the shoes by size!  So helpful.

How Lee was my first stop on my visit to Pittsburgh. I ordered the spicy fish fillets (Shui Zhu Yu), an iconic Sichuan dish, and a cucumber salad, a common cold dish hard to mess up. The cucumber salad was the weirdest version I've ever had, the dressing resembled a green paste made of chives(?). The Shui Zhu Yu was not authentic at all. The sauce was so pasty and the fish was covered in peppers - NOT the Sichuan technique of "Shui Zhu". I also think the server did a bad job explaining the dish to me otherwise I'd definitely have ordered something else. It was such a disappointing dining experience, especially compared to my satisfactory dinner at Everyday Noodles.I was bummed out from the very start of this meal.  I went to dine at How Lee's around 12:30pm and to my dismay they were only serving the lunch menu.  I ordered the shrimp and scallops which was served with a soup I choose the wanton soup.  My shrimp and scallops came out a little too fast like no sooner had my choice left my lips did the food arrive at my table.  There were literally only 3 other patrons in the restaurant and I don't know why the chef felt the need to nook my food.  I can get better tasting and more freshly prepared Chinese food from China Taste on East Ohio Street. My star rating can potentially go higher after I have had an opportunity to sample How Lee's dinner menu.I am not a huge Chinese food eater.  I never have been, and it takes a lot for me to LOVE Chinese food.  But How Lee is definitely respectable and fine for dinner.The highlight of this place is that they have both an American and an authentic menu.  The Tso's chicken I got was fine.  Nothing special but good.  Everyone at my table was happy with their meal.  The portions were large, and the rice was good.Our servers were very friendly and happy to explain the authentic menu items.  I would like to come back here for lunch, as their specials seem like a good deal.  Otherwise, A-Ok Chinese food in Squirrel Hill.I have only been here twice, and found the sauces used both times were very bland and tasteless. Service was fine, price comparable to similar fast food Chinese places  and the food was fair. As a bonus, they offer brown rice, which was nice.Since I am slowly making my way through all the Squirrel Hill Chinese restaurants, my next stop was How Lee. My first complaint about this restaurant was the way that it was designed. The restaurant itself is surrounded by ground to ceiling glass windows. It doesn't make the dining experience comfortable. Another thing that bothered me was that the waitresses idly stood by the counter and stared at my friends and I the whole time we were there. As my friends and I were deciding what we were getting, three different waitresses went to our table to ask if we were ready to order which didn't make sense since they were standing right in front of us. The menu itself is very well organized and offers authentic Chinese food. Since How Lee specializes Sichuan style food, they had a whole separate section for that. The nice thing about the Sichuan section is that you can tell them your preference for spiciness. Since I have no tolerance, I ordered the pork belly and leeks without any spice. The pork belly was cooked perfectly although I was disappointed that it wasn't actually slices of pork belly but pork with fat running through it. The portions are huge so you definitely get your money's worth. I ended dog bagging leftovers equivalent to another meal. Overall, How Lee serves authentic Chinese food. I might come back to try other dishes but it didn't replace my go-to Chinese places: Rose Tea and Everyday Noodles.I always get delivery from here with my boyfriend. It's always delicious, but it takes a while to get delivered. My only issue is that we couldn't find descriptions of the menu online. Everything I've eaten from here has been yummy, but nothing out of the ordinary or spectacular. I'll continue to order from How Lee, because I know what to expect!!Food @ How Lee is decent. I ate here for the first time, my husband & I ordered take out. We split the sweet & sour fish fillets & the vegetable hor fun. Both dishes were good but nothing special. And both dishes were a tad bit greasy. I was disappointed that vegetables did not come with the sweet & sour fish. The fish was too expensive for the amount of food you get. The portion sizes are kind of on the smaller side. An upside is the menu is large & there are a lot a choices.Yet another place that I'd not been to even though it's practically around the corner from me.  I'd been working around the house on a Friday morning and I decided to get some take-out for lunch.I ordered the chicken with mixed vegetables and it made for a tasty, satisfying lunch.  The chicken was tender and the vegetables weren't mushy.  My hot and sour soup was so good on an otherwise *icky* day.How Lee is a typical Chinese neighborhood joint with the usual weekday lunch specials (I.E. with choice of rice and soup). I think that if you tick to the basics at a place like this, you can't go wrong.A-Ok is the best way to put it.This place has decent Chinese food, a little better than average for the standard offerings.  What I like most about this place is that they offer non-standard fare for those who are a little more adventurous, and who want something more authentic.  For instance, I ordered the braised beef tendon and braised fish fillets, both of which were pretty decent.  I also got the salt and pepper squid.  The squid differed a bit in that the pepper actually makes your tongue a bit numb.  This is apparently from the particular Chinese peppercorns that they use - an interesting, and unexpected aspect to it.  I also like it because you can order right off of Yelp - I've done this twice with them, and both times the food was prepared very quickly, and the transaction went without a hitch.  One minor complaint is that there was a bit more "filler" in each of my dishes (bean spouts, leeks, lettuce, etc), where as I would have wanted more of the main dish.  I would give this place 3.5 stars, but not 4.This was the first time I've been in How Lee since they remodeled. Wasn't aware of a lot of th new dishes they offered unfortunately, the newer Sichuan dishes sound great, definitely need to go back for some of those. Had the Kung pao chicken combo and chongqing dumplings. The chicken fried rice was very bland but it was also much less greasy than most places so it's probably a little healthier. A little soy sauce and siracha fixed it right up. It's also good with a little of the chongking dumpling sauce. The Kung pao was average, definitely could have used some more sauce. The chongqing dumplings were absolutely the shining stars. I could very easily make a meal of them. Slightly nutty, a little sweet and just the right amount of heat. Absolutely loved them which is why I am excited to go back and try some of the other new Sichuan additions.Their regular pizza is par, but it's the Chicken and Buffalo Fries Pizza that I go back for.  The most amazing not-really-definable-as pizza I've had.I've only tried their chicken and buffalo fries pizza, but it was pretty tasty and satisfied both my fries craving and pizza craving.  Calling ahead to get your order started is a good move, so you can just walk in and pick up your pie.  No sitting room.Their marinara sauce has mint in it.  It's weird, but kind of awesome.  Thin-crust pizza, not a lot of cheese.  Good sausage.  The pizza with the fried eggplant on the top (I forgot what they call it) is greasy but delicious.  Every time my ex-boyfriend would call to place an order, they'd call him Dave (his name is not Dave).  They also never seemed to be able to figure out how to ring his doorbell when they delivered.  So, they may not be the sharpest tools in the shed, but the pizza is worth trying.Not your usual pizzas (the specialty ones). I like the Mediterranean one and the fava beans one (my favorite). The eggplant one was always very heavy though.Actually probably more like a 3.5/5The pizza is ridiculously cheap, however you're definitely going to want to get some toppings... I'm normally totally down with plain pizza, but their cheese and sauce are just kinda humdrum, and not quite good by themselves.Besides the pizza, I've only ever tried a calzone, and it was a bit undercooked. It looks like they have a lot of variety on the menu however.The pizza was good but I couldn't really tell the difference between this and any other pizza place...Here's what happened- it was late, we all went to fright night had all wanted pizza afterward. My friend suggested that we eat in Squirrel Hill as opposed to Oakland because you get better quality and pay a one or two dollars more. The cheese had a really weird consistency - solid and congealed. The price wasn't bad for it though, 10 bucks for a large 12 cut pizza is pretty damn good. I supposed the crust wasn't bland and dry like most 5 dollar pizzas. In the end, pizza is pizza, it's still edible and if need be I'll go here again.not bad enough to complain, not good enough to complimentChaya is good. The fish is fresh, the prices are reasonable (I definitely wouldn't call it pricey), and the service is very nice. All around a pleasant dining experience. Five stars... not quite, but a decent four. I think my expectations were set too high after reading all these reviews, because I just wasn't as wowed as I thought I'd be. The entire time I was eating I wanted the sushi to have just a little bit more flavor, but it  didn't quite get there. Kind of like when you think you're about to sneeze but then you don't. Anyway, I recommend Chaya for good sushi, but not for great sushi. Great sushi will have to wait for a trip to the east or west coast.Yes, Chaya is unpretentious.  Servers are pleasant and the place itself is  comfortable - very authentically Japanese.  But I disagree about freshness.  Not the best.  We are still searching for Pittsburgh Sushi that is reliably fresh regardless of the day of the week.  I am tired of having sushi here and realizing the specials are only a venue to unload the oldest fish.  Special pricing should be a chance to try something new and different.  Instead, what we have run into here at every sushi place, bar none, so far, is an avenue for using specials to dump old fish and I resent it.  If you run specials, it should be because you have gotten shipment on an unusual buy, or gotten a good price on that particular fish, not because it's old and you need to get rid of it.

How the union caved in, in HomesteadIt was more than a job it was my family

The Chorizo Hash! Is sooo amazing! It comes with 1 biscuit too!The biscuits are delicious with their homemade jam and honey.Hopefully you order the dish that includes this. Otherwise it's a whoppin $2!

Overall the atmosphere is very comfortable, however this time I wish I had sat farther away from the bar. The music being pumped out was too loud, to the point of distortion.I do like CPK, but the stopped serving my favorite pizza, BLT. How is this possible? The have bacon & lettuce & tomatoes in this restaurant, how can they not make it?! I'm SO disappointed!!!My husband has been on a CPK kick lately.  I think we went 4 times in just a few weeks.  And I was ready to up my rating to four stars believing they had resolved their service issues, but it was not to be.Our last visit we experienced the worst service we have ever had in a restaurant.  My husband finished his drink before our appetizers came (they were busy, so the food was slow), but the server dumped the salads off so quickly, we weren't able to ask for a refill or ask for bread.  The kitchen brought our pizza, and we never saw our server again, nor that drink refill.  Well, we did see him, numerous times, but each time, he breezed past us, refusing eye contact.  I had to flag the manager down myself to open our game token thingies.  Not easy because he was actually the server for the patio.  He was very apologetic and offered to comp our meals, but I declined.  Our meal was good, I just wanted to let him know his server was AWFUL.  So my 3-star rating remains because the food is always great, but service is just too unreliable.Lots of flavor in each dish

Now I know better.

 If you like it when it not crowded it better late at night and before 6 am there only a few people around BUT ONLY ON SCHOOL DAY NOT WEEKEND!!The Serene at Eastern Walmart ought to be in my New York State of Mind List. From 10 AM to 9 PM the congestion here reminds me of the Long Island Expressway approaching Midtown Manhattan.   This Walmart is a major convenience for me. The prices are competitive in grocery items and sometimes as good as it gets on general merchandise. A few examples are a $13 hiking pole, $10 leather wallet, and $450 Toshiba laptop. When it comes to prices I save money but don't live better.   This supercenter is hypercrowded. Shopping here could be stressful.  The parking lot is one of the worst in the valley. When Walmart is hypercrowded so is the parking lot. An element of impatient and insane motorists is a recipe for the stress level to rise. The parking lot that Walmart shares with other power retailers is unsignalized at Serene Avenue. This causes a dangerous situation for motorists waiting to turn left on a main road with a parade of cars in back honking. I avoid making a left turn here like swimming in the Las Vegas Wash.  Recently this facility was remodeled.  The major flaw was it was designed to look like Target. The result is that the main walkways are similar to Interstate 15 loosing four lanes for a landscaped median. It is a challenge to maneuver a shopping cart.  Another issue is that on account of the crowds, there are holes. This is the scene in the majority of super centers.  The food selection is good. Some hard to find items they sell are Yum Tum Wonton soup, a full line of La Choy, Campbells Manhattan Clam Chowder Soup.  The checkout generally moves fast. The majority of the cashiers are friendly.  This is a representation of the majority of employees.   Before concluding this review, I have a recommendation for drivers visiting from Interstate 215. Avoid the crazy left from the parking lot onto Serene Avenue. Instead do this: make a right on Serene Avenue. At the traffic light turn right on Spencer Street.  Past the underpass (I-215), at the traffic light turn right on Pebble Road. And at the traffic light turn right on Eastern Avenue. Immediately you will see the Junction 215 sign.The liquor is kept in a little room in the front of the store. You're welcome.I usually have always had a great experience here. No problems at all but today I waited almost 20 minutes for someone to come and hand me my photos that we ordered online. This is ridiculous! Someone should be here at all times. I ordered photos online to come to my house a couple weeks ago. Those probably came faster then this service was. Smh!I guess I just don't get the appeal. It is not a bad place by any means, but I certainly wouldn't give it 4 or 5 stars. It's clean and has a decent selection of beer on draft - but that's about all I can say. Perhaps I ventured in at the wrong time of day or even on the wrong day, but I was seriously underwhelmed.This your topical get a few free drinks locals bar/ slot machine bar the bar tenders make great drinks and if you want to spend some time with Lady Luck this is a great place.

oysters margarita sorbet, orange puré - beautiful presentation with smokey liquid nitrogen! But the concoction did nothing to enhance the oysters. I'd pass.

It's a lot of food, for not much $.

- sesame noodle w/chicken (this dish was my fav but over priced)

Only 2 ladies show up, so now they had to stay for 2 hours instead of 1 (because their minimum charge is $120, which is 4 hours of cleaning).

During the blazingly loud music, and to be in an extremely dark room, I did like the feel of the place. The had all these framed paintings on the ceiling. The paintings were cool too. They had a TV playing what I imagined to be a 1920's style Dancing with the Stars. I dont know if they play stuff like that all the time but I did enjoy it while I was there. The leather sofa's in the lounge looked nice but werent functional. Anytime someone sat on one, they sunk into the sofa/chair.

Bad-ass Italian guy manning the secret entrance... speak easy style

- waterfall walls as aforementioned

I ordered a burrito- it was HUGE.  I have no small appetite and was only able to eat about 1/4 of it.

I will probably just grow it out and head to NY to have it done next by a japanese hair salon. I would probably recommend this salon to my non-asian friends.Here's how it turned out

The waitress was very nice, and our orders arrived prompty.  Tapas is my new obsession, so I was delighted with the selection, but the dates were a bit overdone, and the chicken rolls were also dry.  The most fun I had was feeding the little sparrows who darted about delightedly. I would give the place another try another day.La Cave is described as a "Wind and Food Hideaway" that serves savory small plates and oven fired flatbreads. You are greeted at the front with what seems to be typical for Las Vegas Hotel restaurants.

Pork Potstickers

FirecrackerThese rolls were alright, they overloaded on the sauce. I also had the octopus and surf clam nigiri, the rice on there was not what is expected of sushi rice it tasted rather old.Coffee Mochi for dessert was yummy.

 say if its my place or notcoz i have more hotter spots to conquer. LOL.Welcome to the country of Asia.. Oh wait..We are in Vegas!! Is this where all the Asians always end up at? I have always despised clubs and clubbing. Maybe its the whole dressing up, getting sweaty in a long sleeve dress shirt while dancing, being surrounded by a bunch of sweaty people taking up your air space. Being a guy does not help either because you almost always have to pay a cover charge. I got around that though, since I learned IF YOUR A GUY STAYING AT THE VENETIAN, YOU DO NOT HAVE TO PAY A COVER! JUST LET THEM KNOW! NO COVER, SHORTER WAIT IN LINE (there is a line for hotel guests), we walk into the club in a matter of minutes. I even got through with sneakers! Actually one of the guys out front pointed me out BUT I still got in quickly before they could do anything.  Up to the club we go, as we walk up the stairs. Shit it is packed!!! I had trouble getting drinks all night because people were hanging out all over the place. You want to dance? Forget about it! I could not even move my way onto the dance floor. They did have some good music though, playing old school 2Pac songs, Biggie, Snoop, etc. When we were about to leave The DJ goes, "LETS GIVE IT UP FOR RIHANNA!! WE AINT PLAYING NO CHRIS BROWN SHIT TONIGHT!!" Good shit. We walk back down because we were hot and sweaty from dancing. Some guy almost puked on me! Luckily for the fast reflexes I dodged and got out of the way. He would have gotten a can if he did. We walk back down to the lounge area, find a booth to sit on without paying for bottle service. It was actually pretty empty in the lounge area on a Friday night. We danced at just hung out here for the rest of the night. I regret not bringing my big Costco sized bottle of Grey Goose to Vegas. Drinks can get pretty expensive here after having a couple shots of Patron, a couple of beers, Redbull Vodkas, Adios MF, you do not want to look at the tab. Just close your eyes, sign the tab, and walk away.tao is crazy. the dance floor is way too crowded. so crowded you can't even move. guestlist line is super long. the only way to enjoy yourself is to spend the money for table service or know someone with a table. a friend of ours had a table and got our group in for free. being that we were a group of 13 girls with 5 guys we got their table upgraded to a VIP table on the dancefloor. at that second the whole night got 100 times better because we were all ready to leave otherwise. tao is definitely an experience. there's no explaining it, you just have to go and see for yourself.Out of the 6-8 times I've been there..I actually had a pretty good time.  Although I still hate how you cannot see anything.

great service...

Quality- three stars

Coors banquet bottled beer....love it!  4.00

And it all thanks to one of the cool employees working there "bobby", nice person and really helpful, he stayed with me for more than 45 min, to ensure that I pick the best laptop for the best price.

Summary: During the week it's worth the time to stop. On busy weekends ugh....keep crawling along in traffic.Pretty typical--went here twice in the last couple of days (going to and coming from Vegas.  A welcomed place to pee.  Not the best bathroom (a little worn), but I've seen scuzzier by far.  The store itself was fine.As Yelp says, "A-OK".Hubby and I came here on the way back home from our grand canyon trip. It got good reviews but we decided for us it was just a 3 star Mexican place. Not half bad, but not overly terrific either! My burrito was huge and I was so hungry I stuffed it down so fast but than I couldn't finish the nachos we ordered with our meal. It was a decent burrito. Going to the bathroom scared me a little bit, the bathroom was sketchy and we were there kind of late there wasn't a soul in sight except for us and the employees of the taco place.We were looking for a quick place to grab a "snack" in Boulder City. Perfect. Food was ok. I was kind of dumb and ordered a 'platter' for a snack, so I had way too much food. (a beef burrito and a cheese enchilada with beans and rice.)The food came up quickly, but the cheese in my enchilada was not melted. At all. I didn't want to make a fuss so I just ate it.Burrito was ok - just meat, I think. The tortilla was really soft and chewy though. Co-guests had tacos that looked good. I should have just kept to a 'snack'.There are huge portions for a good price here, and I thought the salsa and pickled Jalapeño bar were both spot on. The tostada was good as were the beans. My issue here was that the food should have been hotter (temperature). The cheese was put on but never put in a broiler or something to melt, leaving me with a lot of unmelted cheddar in and on top of the enchilada. Given the options in this town, it's a solid place to go, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get here.It's a decent little spot with a wide variety and good prices usually the food is pretty good and the employees are pretty fast. If your passing through boulder city or just want something quick but don't want McDonald's type food then this is the place for you.I like this place! Excellent food at a great price and it's quick. I had the chicken taco/enchilada combo for $6.50. How can you beat that. Not a fast food assembly-line burger, sandwich, or whatever in a TV land atmosphere, so why the three stars only. Because as good as this place is, and it is, 4 and 5 stars should be for places where you're being seated and served, that have table cloths and waiters, views and desserts.Not trying to be snobbish just explaining my idea of the rating system.

service: They were all friendly but a bit slackers.Atmosphere: Elegant, nice decoration modern restaurantDecent small plates restaurant in Town Square. Their menu has a few similar items as their sister restaurant Bottles & Burgers (minus the burgers). The arancini ($9,  risotto fritters with mascarpone, roasted mushroom, white truffle aioli) is just as good as the ones at Bottles & Burgers. It's also one of the best items to get at Double Helix.The olive poppers ($6, crispy olives stuffed with chorizo and honey goat cheese) are good and not too salty. You get seven per order. The BBQ pork sliders ($9) have a slight amount of heat and are topped with a sweet apricot sauce and slaw with a marginal amount of mayo. The churrasco Argentino ($15, angus American skirt steak, chimichurri sauce) was tough  and chewy. Their "Perfect Salad" ($9, grilled Asian pears, bufala mozzarella, candied walnuts, rocket arugula,champagne vanilla vinaigrette) was anything but perfect. The best thing about it was the candied pecans. The fries ($6) weren't as good as the ones at Bottles & Burgers.The atmosphere is relaxed and loungey, which is a nice change of pace from other spots at Town Square. There is a kid's menu. Our kid was with us and he got the chicken tenders ($5)... actually, that should be singular because it was only one chicken tender with a bunch of fries.Came here on NCAA Basketball National Championship game night since many of the Town Square bars were packed.Double Helix is a very nice casual space to grab a beverage and relax.  The interior is very classy and has dim lighting.  Although they weren't all that busy, they still had plenty of TV's showing the game which was an added plus!The food menu is rather limited since it's primarily a place for drinks.  A few of my friends split a bottle of white wine since it was a 50% off Monday special.Our waitress was very friendly although we felt she disappeared quite a bit for a not-so-busy night.  Someone in our group asked her for a wine from the state of Washington and she didn't really have an answer and began flipping through the menu.So overall it was a good expereience, expect a bit of mark-up for the atmosphere but I would not be opposed to coming back here again!I'm a huge fan of Town Square but frequently find myself at the same few places (Yardhouse, Whole Foods haha!) so I was pretty excited to try a new place.  I met a friend for drinks and loved the extensive and creative cocktail bible (it was huge) that I was presented with.  My one complaint (that I have with most places) is the reaction I get to my request for modifications. I do not like drinks that are super sweet and am perfectly satisfied with the sugar that is found in the fruit that comes in cocktails. I ordered the 'Repo Man' - tequila, sour, agave nectar ('healthy' simple syrup), ginger syrup and muddled strawberries, apples and lemons. That's a WHOLE lotta sweet in one 8 oz glass. When I asked the bartender to keep the agave nectar out she flat out wouldn't do it, insisting I wouldn't like it. No, I'm pretty sure I know what muddled fruit and tequila will taste like, thank you.  She instead cut the amount in half and SHOCKER it was still far too sweet for me.  For my second drink, I went with the 'Nutty Mojito' - coconut vodka, coconut cream, muddled lime, mint and soda.  It was decent, definitely better than my cup o' sugar I had previously.  My friend had 2 glasses of Shiraz that were pretty fantastic so I ended up rounding my night out with a glass as well.  Overall, the vibe of the place and the decor is comfortable and I'm sure I'll go back.  But bartenders - Us drinkers KNOW what we like..TRUST US! Especially when I'm paying $10-$13 for it!I like this place and the drinks but the service was HORRIBLE!!! I will give it one more try but if I get horrible service again I will not return!My friend and I hit this bar up while we waited for our wives to go shopping.  Since the place is literally in the mall area, it's no wonder the guys are here...We liked our drinks (we both had the Bulleitproff cocktail at $14 a drink).  They were tasty.  The bartender was nice.  Ben did a fine job. It's just odd drinking there.  It just seems so out of place.  I'd go again if I had to wait for my wife again, but I don't know if I'd hunt it down.This is a great place to come if you're looking to have a drink and catch up with a friend. They offer food, none of which I've yet had the opportunity to try. However, they have Blue Moon on tap so they automatically win my heart in that respect. Nice place to lounge while having a drink. May visit again someday.The food is ok, drinks are good. Service is slooooooooooow. They forget about you in the patio, and you wait a while for the check. Been here twice, two different servers, both slow service. But the place is pretty cool. Too bad.Outside is nice. Wine selection is a little pricey, like most places in Town Square. The whiskey selection is really where it's at, here.For a place that specializes, it really doesn't have the quality of spirits that you expect. This is a great place to kick back with your friends, get plastered, and flirt at the bar. If you are a whiskey connoisseur, you're SOL. in my wild and drinking days, I got quite familiar with many a whiskey and this place doesn't measure up. Their wines are passable. I love a good moscato and malbec. This place has pretty good wines. Loud and noisy, good place to socialize but not to relax with a good whiskey neat. It's obnoxiously pretentious, but sometimes that's a good thing.This was a pleasant surprise!  Looking at the menu online after a friend suggest we meet here, I didn't expect too much.  It looks like a lot of other menus in this town. But when I arrived, service was nice and I was happy with the food and cocktails I sampled.  The Grown Up Grilled Cheese, Short rib tacos and the charcuterie platter were all well done.I wish I could give it 3.5: it's great but with the caveat of it's great "for Vegas".  Pros: Selection of wines and whiskeys are fantastic.  The bartenders can speak knowledgeably about both.  The food is diverse and tasty.Cons: The dining service is terrible and definitely don't go if you're at all in a hurry.  The music is also disruptively bad for what should be appropriate for the visual atmosphere, which is very cool.I've been here ~20 times and I feel like it's the best of what's around.If the bartender would stop talking, and pay attention to her work...I'd give it a 4* & I wouldn't be at Brio's!!!My family and I stumbled across this location as we were shopping in Townsquare when we first walked in the ambience is undeniably beautiful we were told by the awesome waitress that happy hour ended in 12 minutes. We agreed we were all going to down the first drinks so we can get the next ones before they doubled in price. Only to be told that when she asked the bar manager Jessica , she said " no". We were still well within the time period. When the waitress came back it was two minutes after happy hour. We ordered $160.00 in food, it was fabulous. The service was undeniably outstanding. However, we will not be back because of Jessica. When I find someplace I like I am always loyal and would have return time and time again with my friends and family. I hope the $18 savings was worth it.I've been here twice with my boyfriend. The first time We ordered food and a wine flight. The food was out pretty fast but it took forever for us to get our wine. The server wasn't good. We had ordered dessert but it never came instead the server just came with the bill, we didn't feel like waiting another half hour so we just paid and left. The second time we went right when we were seated the server was fast to get us some water asked if we were ready and we said we needed a couple of minutes. A couple of minutes turned into 20 minutes. Then we finally ordered. Their staff needs more training. Service sucks but food is good.If you are looking for a place to grab a quick drink, I don't suggest coming here. My girlfriends and I came just after happy hour and had to wait for a table, not because they were all sat, but because they were understaffed. In a situation like this, it's not the fault of the guest; perhaps a manager should step in and help run drinks or whatnot? Due to the fact that they were understaffed, service was slow. When I am sitting with an empty glass of wine I shouldn't have to "beg" you to take my money. It kind of ruined the vibe of our night...do you stay and have another drink because the company is great or go find another bar? We  ultimately decided to have a second glass of wine.The food was great and came out fast. We ordered the ever-so-popular Arancini and a cheese/charcuterie platter. The smoked duck was delicious and the cheese selection was nice. I would maybe suggest combining the cheese/charcuterie on one plate, or serving the cheese on a smaller plate as it not only made the dish appear smaller, but there was barely enough room for 3 of us to eat at our hightop. We each had a small share plate, glass of wine and glass of water...nothing too crazy. When it came time to pay the bill the server, along with most of the guests, disappeared. Had it still been packed I would have been a little more understanding. It's almost common sense that after you drop off a check you should check back within a few minutes...UPDATE: Tried this place again on a Thursday evening and took 10 minutes to be acknowledged/same slow service. They do have great happy hour deals so it's hard to resist coming every once in a while.5/5 compared to the other bars in Town Square. 3/5 if you aren't limited to drinking at bars in shopping centers. They have a nice outdoor patio with couches and a fire place. The indoor seating sucks so be sure to snag a seat outside! They have a pretty extensive wine/whiskey list and a short list of your usual cocktails.Decent happy hour, menu with food- however more of a place to grab drinks than eat.

This place does attract some beautiful people though, so a great place to go out for a drink and mingle for sure.Nice restaurant & beautifully decorated. I am not a big fan of open kitchen restaurants because I always end up smelling like food as I leave. The menu was more limited than what I was expecting but the food was good. More of a trendy place to go with friends rather than a food destination.The wait was twice as long as they said it would be, the ambiance is refined, the drinks were cold and tasty, the appetizers expensive for what they were, the food was good but not great and on the expensive side.  We might try it again just for drinks, but it was not as good as we had expected it to be.The coffee is amazing but the breakfast food isn't that good, honestly. Pretty place and good vibes but wasn't blown away by the food.Went for 15th anniversary on a Wednesday night. Place is ridiculously noisy. I don't enjoy that but seems to be a new thing for these restaurants. Think it is for the smartphone crowd that doesn't actually speak to each other. There is zero noise reduction materials in the place. Wide open to kitchen and bar is in restaurant area. So it is very very noisy. The food was good as was the service. Got drink orders right away and the drinks are all custom cocktails that most of probably have no clue what they actually out in them, even after you read it. Those smarter than you cocktails. Which usually turn out to be good. The caramelized scallops were really good but have had better (like Vogue Bistro). Popovers are excellent and the herb butter had an almost Tzatziki sauce flavor. Which I thought was very good. Ham butter was just alright. The lobster salad was ok but, to me, very overpriced and had some tough to chew greens. My wife couldn't even chew some of it. For me, too much of a mix of greens. Pick something. Little amount of lobster for the price. Thought the desert (peanut butter banana cake) was just alright. Not super impressed. More surprised they didn't buy it for us for anniversary. They really didn't make a big deal about anniversary which I found very odd. Why ask if we are celebrating something if you have zero intention of doing anything about it? Don't understand that. Personally I doubt I will be back as nothing was crave worthy or must have.First visit and on a holiday, too. Lunchtime. 3 people. The atmosphere is fantastic, but the food, as it is with all Fox restaurants (imo), just okay. Our lunch time meal of truffle fries, turkey French dip, kale salmon salad, and poached eggs with asparagus had been sitting quite a while before it was delivered to the table. Delivery time was about 50 minutes after ordering. So while it was flavorful, it was lower than room temp. We had hopes for finding a new place to add to our regular hangouts, Henry's likely will not make the list. It might be a good hangout for coffee during the day; that's for a future visit.Honestly, you pay for the place. The breakfast was so-so and definitely overpriced. I've had better breakfast at simpler places. I'm giving this 3 stars because the coffee was good.This place is hit or miss for me. I have been. On a few different occasions and the drinks are always top notch. Most of the apps are great too...but the main courses have always left something to be desired for me. I still hate the note card on the table to mark that you haven't had service, it shows inexperience, and often times you're still waiting to long with the card. I typically just for for drinks and apps. I'll have to try dessert now that I have read a couple reviews on that.The Henry has a wonderful ambience and AWESOME a menu! Unfortunately the service was lacking as it took us about 20 minutes before we received a drink after being sat. We also got no refills during our meal and were served our entrees at very different times. Half of our party received their plates and the rest had to wait another 20 minutes before the remaining people were served. We also ordered the poached egg and asparagus appetizer which we had to send back because the egg white was undercooked and we did not get it back until we got our entrees. Of our party of 10, three of us got the burger and found it to be mediocre. However, the sandwiches were all delicious as well as the guacamole appetizer. The manager was very apologetic and kind about the poor service. Despite the few issues we had I hope the staff was just having an off day because I would like to come back!First off the building is absolutely gorgeous. Unfortunately I had a bad experience on my first time here where the hostess forgot we were standing there waiting for a table. 20 minutes pass and they no longer offered the lunch menu. They were nice enough to let us order off of it when we decided to leave but ended up staying to give it a shot. Pretty disappointed with their guacamole as it was somewhat plain tasting and not worth the price. The chicken sandwich was pretty bland and not really special.  French dip sandwich was pretty good though. I probably would not return due to the price and the bad experience. There are plenty of other restaurants in the area that have more flavorful dishes.The ambience is very very nice.. The menu for me didn't have enough options. So the only thing I had was the grilled and chilled shrimp appetizer. The shrimp were large. The were very grilled (burnt) on some pieces. But still tasty.. Our waiter was just ok, he disappeared for a good portion of the time we were there. All in all I'd like to back to give it another shot!The ambience was great, the food was acceptable, and the service was good. I tried the popovers with ham butter, which were OK but not to die for.  I had their homemade pasta dish, called tortelli. It was just OK, nothing special to write home about actually. Not a whole lot of flavor, but wasn't bad. Dinner companion had their chicken and said it was amazing and it was a very healthy portion.Great atmosphere inside and out. Wonderful service as well. The food however, didn't do much for me. I had the roasted turkey French dip sandwich with truffle fries and short rib potstickers as an app. The potstickers were amazing. The citrus sauce they came with was so good. The sandwich and fries were unfortunately both a bit on the bland side.  Kind of a bummer for a place with such a cool vibe.Great Looking Place ~ Small Portions ~ ExpensiveI'm sad to give this place 3 stars.. The first visit I would of given it 5/5, but over time the service has really lacked. Two weeks ago we went for dessert and coffee after dinner, let's just say we waited 45 minutes (and it wasn't overly busy). After 45 minutes we grabbed our waitress and told her we would be leaving.. The dessert never came :/Accidents happen but we were disappointments how it was handled. Other than that, the food selection is small but items are good. The pork chop & fried chicken are two greatsWe are breakfast here on a Saturday morning. It was busy so we had to sit outside. The patio was cute and offered shade under umbrellas. The flies were kind of annoying though. Our server was nice but we waited a long time to have our orders taken, and he rarely came back to refill our drinks. I ordered a coffee cake, but it was really dry. Did not care for it very much. I also had eggs with turkey sausage and spinach - that was delicious! I would have to try The Henry again to see if service/quality improves, but for me I was not impressed.The decor is adorbs! On trend w the other hipster spots coming up. Came here for dinner w some friends and I can't say I was wowed by the food. Ordered the scallops and my boo ordered the short ribs. He enjoyed his dish but he's easier to please than me. My scallops were cooked well but I think it lacked dimension. Probably bc I told the waitress to omit the raisin based sauce on it... But she told me it wouldn't take too much away from the dish... Think she was wrong on that one. Another let down was the poppets... They put emphasis on this item on the menu so I was disappointed that no one at our table of 4 enjoyed it. Later that week I spoke to several ppl who have been here and they had one thing in common to say about The Henry... "You don't go there for dinner, you go there for their brunch menu."Haha whoopsies... Well at least now I know...When we first sat down it took them 15 minutes and for us to say something until we got served.  I was recommended this place by a lot of friends, however, I didn't think there was anything special to the food.  We ordered the Mediterranean Sampler, which had a sample of several of the appetizers and it was alright, but nothing special.  The food had a more American take on Mediterranean food so if you're looking for something authentic this place isn't it.  The gyro meat was cut extremely thick and wasn't cooked the same way it normally is.  Overall though, the food wasn't bad and I thought the gyro was very filling and ingredients were fresh, but nothing that really stands out which is why I gave this place three stars.I ate here with my husband about a month ago. I have eaten at Pita Jungle once before, but have avoided it for a long time. I am kind of a picky eater and nothing on the menu ever seems that appealing to me. I decided to go because my husband loves it. He told me, you have to try the chicken pasta salad. So we split it and got an extra chicken breast on the side. I didn't care for it. The sauce they put on it was too lemony-flavored. I'm glad we got the extra plain chicken breast because that was really yummy. I'm willing to come back and give it another shot. The service was good too.I really liked the place itself and the people working there, but I'm gonna have to say that the food is just ok. I like the jalapeño hummus appetizer, but everything else was just ok nothing spectacular.I come here all the time. Over all it is good. The  wait staff could be a little nicer, but the food is great.   The outside sitting is too crowded.Spacious patio and sit down inside seating. The food was very good and the hummus was creamy-I just wish that they gave you more pita bread. The portions are appropriate and not too large ..we definitely will be going back.Not bad......kind of a small location and the outdoor patio floor needs a sweeping up!

Wasn't a fan of the portion size of the mushroom dish.  It kind of felt like there was just 1 of each kind of mushroom.  Certainly not "mucho mushrooms" as it says on the menu.- Final Word

The Beans are great a few different kinds mixed together giving it a great texture. The Cornbread was so moist and delicious, and the cinnamon butter spread was amazing!Dessert- Apple Crisp

味は大味。Heard so much about this place!  Everytime people come here I see beautiful plated food w/ HUGE portions.  I ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  Very pretty, stacked high.   Waffles had bacon and chives in it.  Personally, I felt the waffles tasted too much of chives.  The batter for waffles wasn't crispy and lacked something, wasted sure what.  Fried chicken was hot, moist, and crispy.  It's enough for probably two people.  Next time, I'll be coming here to try the desserts!My experience at the original Hash House was outstanding, so I was excited that one was put in this casino.  It took me a very long time before I actually came in here.  Located in the Linq Casino, just up the escalators in the back, I was surprised that we got seated right away.  When I walked in, it kind of had that dingy diner feeling, much different that my experience in the original Hash House.  The server was friendly, and the food was served fast.  The plates and serving sizes were huge.  What I noticed this time is that it lacked flavor.Unnecessary large portions. I hated wasting so much food. However, service was great and the bloody mary was yummy!Share share share! "Your eyes are bigger than your stomach" The portion size is huge and pretty pricy but that's Vegas for you. The wait for this place is about 45 minutes. Drunk and hungry and this place hits the spot. Although I felt disgusting and extremely full with a hint of heart burn after, the food is pretty good lolBe patient though because the food takes a while to come out as well. Our server was polite and handle our table very well. The roasted chicken, garlic, onions, asparagus, Rosemary dish was good! It came with potatoes, eggs and a biscuit. Honestly, this place is really known for their fried chicken and waffles, so suggest getting that instead.I did it. I tried it. Meh. Probably won't go back. Service was friendly but slow. Food was abundant but definition of gluttonous.Hash house was just OK. We arrived around 1pm on a Thursday to find handfuls of parties swarming the entrance. The wait time was estimated at 40 min for our party of three, and was pretty accurate. The restaurant itself was a classic diner setup--loud music and lots of tables and booths. Our waitress was nice, but the service was pretty slow. We waited about 45 min for our order. The food was just meh. Portions were gigantic in all means of the word, but everything came out cold, except my extra biscuit. By that time I was so hungry I scarfed it down anyway. Granted, we didn't order the famous chicken and waffles, but I don't think this place lived up to the hype.The presentation is awesome and the portions are huge. However, the taste is just average. This restaurant was featured on both food and travel channels and rated high by Zagat so I guess I expected more. Well chalk it up for an experience.I was there this weekend and was surprised they charged me for Sriracha sauce! The waitress never mentioned it till I saw the charge on the bill. It's only 99cents. It's not the money but it is a condiment just like ketch up!4 stars for the food, 2.5 stars for the service. Hash House A Go Go is located inside the LINQ Hotel, which was a bit of a hike from where my boyfriend and I were staying, but we are huge breakfast lovers and thus had to stop by. By the time we arrived at around 11:30 AM, the wait for 2 was already up to 1.5 hours. Luckily, we were able to entertain ourselves at the tables. The pub inside the LINQ is also a lot of fun and offers beer pong, if you're looking to kill time with a large group. There's also a Kitson just next door which is fun for browsing for unique gifts.The wait ended up only being 1 hour - fortunately we decided to head back to Hash House earlier than our quoted wait time and our number was called within 5 minutes... so be aware! The menu is very reasonably priced considering the portions are HUGE. If you order the specialty chicken and waffles, be prepared to eat that for several meals or make the smarter decision to share. The pancakes are 14 inches across in diameter... my boyfriend and I could barely finish off half of one, but we did also each get our own entrees. After placing our orders, it took approx. 30 minutes to get our food, which is frankly a little ridiculous for breakfast food.... even at a busy place. When the food did finally arrive, it looked and tasted delicious! I ordered "The Basic" which is your standard breakfast spread of farm potatoes, scrambled eggs, and your choice of meat. The eggs were perfectly cooked and, again, everything was well-portioned. Wait time aside, Hash House is a great choice for breakfast and worth a stop by when in Vegas!I don't get it! It didn't live up to the hype. I ordered a breakfast pan and it was below average. I was so disappointed. My husband however ordered a Caesar salad with chicken that was pretty good but they didn't cut they chicken and just gave him a huge breast. The wait time was very long. My husband ordered this watermelon drink that was so horrible he couldn't drink it. We won't be suggesting this place to anyone for breakfast. Maybe I will give it another shot for lunch, not anytime soon though.Located in the LINQ, and having come from the likes of the Bellagio and MGM Grand we were unprepared for the clouds of smoke, bumpin' music, and drunkenness that we somehow missed at the other hotels. My friend got a strange pebble-looking object in her water and my peach tea left an odd taste in my mouth. When we were finally ready to order, I opted for the healthier farm scramble with bacon, avocado, and swiss- though I had my eye on the infamous Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. My food was as good as it could be, but my friend's chocolate waffle with ice cream was actually quite good (waffle still crisp after holding ample amounts of ice cream). Wish I would have ordered something more exciting but I suspect my 2-hour later stomach would have disagreed.Went here to meet some friends for breakfast. Busy & HUGE serving sizes, i will definitely share next time, check out my pic of my blueberry pancake that was hanging off the side of the plate :) tasty but way too much food for me.We came here around 8am on a Saturday. There was queue but we were seated very quickly. It was a very nice restaurant with good food at affordable price, but our waiter, Sky, ruined our day. Here's the story:After being seated for 10 minutes and waving my hand for 5 minutes no one came to take our order, so I had to ask a cleaner to get a waiter for us. Finally one waiter came, but he purposely ignored us and walked to a different table to talk to them (even though that table clearly didn't ask for him). Then he slowly came over, without introducing himself, and asked us what we wanted. I asked him how are you doing? He replied, "just feeling RUSHED BY YOU, otherwise doing fine". After we ordered, we waited for 30 minutes but nothing came. Even 2 tables that came in 10 minutes after us got their food. I had to leave my table and grab him to ask him what happened to our order. He replied, "I have many other tables to take care of, and your dessert takes about 20 mins to prepare". 1. Did we ever say that we want the dessert to be served at the same time as the main dishes? 2. We waited for 30 mins already! 3. Is he cooking our food? No. So why is him being busy making our food slow? Makes absolutely no sense. Since he never introduced himself, I asked him his name. The jerk LIED to me and said that his name was SCOTTY, but later I heard that he told other tables his name was SKY. By the time we got our food, the table that came 10 mins later than us already FINISHED their meal and left. We spent 2 hours without enjoying ourselves because of this one waiter. Hash House really needs to fire this guy so as not to waste the efforts of the chefs and other waiters/ waitresses.Watch out for this guy: we still don't know his REAL NAME. It could be SKY or SCOTTY or something else. He's a short, white guy. Avoid him all you can if they haven't fired him.Had to make a visit here after seeing at least 100 infamous chicken and waffle pictures.  And of course, what else would I get here...chicken and waffles.  But don't be stupid like me and make the biggest two mistakes of my life:1) drinking Fat Tuesdays before eating because I got full before the food even got to the table and also buzzed.  Plus the unhealthy amount of sugar in one of those is not very complementing to the oiliness of fried chicken.2) ordering one chicken and waffles plate for yourself.  Everyone shared a plate with someone at the table except me and a friend who insisted we needed our own.  Once we got our plates we knew we were idiots.  There's so much chicken and waffle that I'm sure it could last three meals.Regardless, the food was aesthetically pleasing.  The waffle was alright, nothing too special.  I think there was bacon in it which I'm personally not a fan of.  The chicken had maple syrup downed on it which I'm also not a fan of.  There's a fried leek too.  I just prefer my sweet foods to be sweet (why is there bacon in the waffle....) and my savory foods to be salty and deep fried.  I think the chicken would've been better if it wasn't drowning in syrup.  But the fried leek was good.So my BF and I were looking for a breakfast spot, a friend of ours recommend we try this place so we did, I personally wasn't impressed, I think its an ok place nothing special, they do have huge portions but thats it. My BF had the stuffed burger with fries thats was good, fries were nicely seasoned, I had the steak and eggs with a side of bacon, my steak had a good flavor but it had a lot of fat so it was kinda gross, the grilled mashed potatoes were also pretty good and the bacon was nice and crisp, other than that, I really don't have anything else to say, I did see a lot of people ordering the chicken and waffles so I might consider giving this place another chance.Food waa good but the service sucked! First time at this location but not first time at restaurant chain. The wait was shorter than expected but the wait for our drinks of soda, food, check were longgggggg. A server whose name I believe was Josh was just so disorganized I felt like he went in circles just to get to each table and he only have 5! I only have it 3 stars because of the food.This is inside the casino...  walking down the "alley" toward the ferris wheel thing won't get you there.  Staff here was amazing.  As you'll see from photos, the serving sizes are obnoxiously large...  the kids meal we got was only $6 and also huge.  We ordered the meatloaf sandwich and a chicken pasta.  Both were huge, but neither was super-delicious.  They were both just okay. The fried chicken was good and they served HUGE biscuits before the meal.

filetThe chicken with truffle mac n cheese was so good, I loved the mac n cheese! Would highly recommend this dish.Now the reason for the 3 stars - the filet, it was cold and under seasoned. We've tried many different steakhouses and I don't think our standards are too high (we even love the steak at applebees!) but this was definitely not a $56 piece of meat. The quality was good but the way it was cook, was not. This is a steakhouse so the expectations for a good steak were a little higher.If you are going here, definitely get the restaurant.com certificate and save yourself some $$$Not that this place was bad in any way, it was just very ordinary. The service was ordinary (we had a large group), the steak tasted as an aged steak should taste, the sides all had nice flavor. I just feel like there are lot of these steakhouses out there. Where is the risk? Where is that special thing that sets this place apart? If I'm going to go all the way out to Vegas for a steak, with all the options that are out there, all the huge names that opened a location to be part of the Vegas culinary experince I would want more than I got at Stripsteak.Well when Im in Vegas I always try to fulfill my dream of trying all the best ribeye steak in America! I had heard about this place and it was on the restaurant week list. I decided to try the 18oz bone in  ribeye and my girlfriend had the 8 oz filet mignon (the special) it started with flavored duck fat french fries and several dipping sauces (instead of bread), which i was a big fan. fries do tend to harden up pretty fast, so they did tend to get a bit rubbery as the night went on. We then shared a wedge salad with blue cheese and bacon....very good and classic starter.  The steaks came out... mine ala cart and hers with a few sides ( the special) They were both cooked on the flaming grill which could be viewed from the dining room. the sides of truffled mac and cheese , the brussel sprouts with bacon and the spinach with..... you guessed it  .... bacon!!  were all good. Really though how can you go wrong with adding bacon??? the wait staff were very nice, and our waiter even gave us a few samples of wine to try before we made our decision ( I like that)  On to the highlight!  My steak was a little more fatty than marbled, a little undercooked (which they fixed) and a little smaller than other 18oz ribeyes I have had ( the aging ??) anyway I could have had a bad piece as the filet was very tender and flavorful ( this was a great restaurant week deal) and the special even came with a mini creme brulee and 2 beignets. I must say that this is a 3/12 star place but I cant do that!  BTW we did stop by the first night for Happy Hour and I did have the Prime Rib sliders 2 for $10.00   they were excellent!  These sliders made me think of 4 stars rather than 3!!My Mother-In-Law & I chose StripSteak for dinner one evening during our stay at Mandalay Bay. First of all, every restaurant in a hotel in Las Vegas is over priced, as expected. We decided we would have our splurge night here. Anyways...We were able to be seated without a reservation, about 6:30. We ordered two glasses of Pinot Noir at $15 a piece. Our server told us we would be receiving a complimentary appetizer that evening. The appetizer were duck fat cooked french fries, done three ways. The fries were amazing, each seperately dished, seasoned and they each came with their own dipping sauce. Really tasty. Due to the pricing, my mother in law and I decided to share one of the larger steaks and order two seperate sides. I believe we ordered the 16 oz Kansas City Strip. $50+ for the one steak, a la carte. The steak was cooked to order, medium rare.Now, on to why I am rating three stars. I LOVE steak, cooked many different ways. The steak had a nice charred crust, which I love. But, it tasted like charred, burnt butter, which delivered a very unpleasant, bitter, chary taste which I was not expecting with a steak of this caliber. It was seriously unpleasant and I having to try hard to eat it all. Otherwise, we ordered the brussel sprouts which were AMAZING in their bacony, vinegary goodness. We also ordered baked Artichoke with goat cheese, which were also amazing, but personally, I would have ordered double brussel sprouts. Onto desert, I cannot personally recall the name of the dish, but I know it came with cocoa nib ice cream which was heavenly. Our service was excellent, and we had a very pleasureable dining experience. It can get a little loud, but the ambiance is excellent. So 3 stars due to the over excessive pricing and the charred taste of the steaks. Otherwise, it was great!-Excellent service and complimentary fries.

2) Good quality beer

Super friendly and amazingly attentive. They did have opening day jitters, but I'm willing to overlook a miscooked item on opening day if your servers have a great attitude. They did!Special

we used to go years ago, for the atmosphere - the relaxed, funky setting.

-they offer a $7 shuttle direct to airport, picks up every 15 minutes

And while the waffle with fruit made me somewhat happy

Generally the store closes at 11PM. So sorry to all you late night shoppers.To conclude, Walmart is a great convergent store which you can pretty much find everything you need in a one big plain boring box, but you can usually find cheaper elsewhere at one of our plethora of stores in Madison.Finally, I want to make a side comment at how ridiculously long this post is... just for a Walmart! Crazy. That's what happens when you get a procrastinating writer on Yelp.I don't want to sound like a retard but we don't have walmart in Manhattan, so when I came here, I was so happy that everything was cheap. Starbucks coffee goes for around $9-10 per bag in Manhattan and it was around $6 here.I ended up buying random stuff like goldfish crackers- they had flavors I've never seen before like vanilla cupcake which is excellent. I also bought lots of wisconsin cheese.

Now that I've sang the praises...here is what I didn't like about them.

     Dealers very friendly love the security at the elevstors, and drink service on floors  top notch.

On 11/7/14 (Friday night) I made reservations for my a birthday dinner for my boyfriend and his father... I called the day before making the reservation. Lets just say it was a process. I was put on hold for a moment after letting them know I needed to make a reservation, all fine and dandy right? A moment later a woman got on the phone with a very thick accent. As I was giving my information she could hardly understand what I was saying. I had to spell out every word. She started to get frustrated and I could tell so I asked if there was someone else I could talk to, she put me on hold without saying anything and another woman got on the phone. This lady spoke better English and the process sped up. Near the end of the conversation I let the second lady know that it was going to be a birthday celebration and specifically gave her the names of the two men.We arrived there early so decided to have a seat at the bar before dinner. The bartender was very nice and told the boys happy birthday after I had mentioned it. (2nd person I told)Then we went to our table and the dinner was very good as usual. After dinner they bring around a display of desserts that you can choose from. I thought maybe you have to pick a dessert then they put in a candle or something. I then loudly announced "birthday boys what would you like" as the waiter was standing next to our table. I casually said maybe some cheesecake? The waiter left & we were waiting for the celebration, instead the waiter brought the check which in total we spent over $300 and told us to have a good night...

The ONE thing they do wrong here is they STUFF the classes to the brim.

* Mildly impressed by the Tonkotsu ramen -- the broth was greasy and creamy, but not completely full-bodied... definitely not worth the half hour wait and hype

    - The setting in the old train station is nothing short of spectacular. It's definitely worth going once for the experience, but I won't be in a rush to go back. Final verdict: Sit at the bar, order a bloody mary, and steal a donut or two.Set in a beautiful building, Grand Concourse is grand, but the food has been inconsistent among the five times I have had dinner there. It is a good place for large events. The interior is beautiful. However, I would expect better consistency in food. I am a seafood fan, and I have had both very mediocre seafood and very good (but not excellent) seafood here.What a neat place, built in 1901 a refinished grand train station and a live grand piano while you dine.  Food and service were fabulous and the only down side was the wine list, it was on the light side.Meh.  Seriously, at this price point, three stars is being generous.  (Then again, it's Pittsburgh, so restaurants that would be mediocre elsewhere are above average for the area.)Nice location, and the outdoor seating over the river is a plus, but I think people are giving that way too much weight if they're giving this place five stars.Service: Meh.  Had to ask for refills on water, and the waitress didn't seem to know much about the food if it wasn't on her script.  Definitely not up-to-snuff.Food: Meh.  Great food if they're charging far less for it, but I should be able to get something more than one notch above Outback when I'm paying $30 for an NY strip.  Made the mistake of ordering it rare; that shouldn't be a mistake in a good restaurant.Location: Decor is a little plastic, but the structure is a pretty incredible place for a restaurant.  This saves it from one or two stars.  Overall: If you're out with a group where ambience is a big driver, this isn't a bad choice, but avoid it if you're looking for a good meal.  (Lunch outdoors is probably a decent choice, too.)Sorry for the low rating, but this is based on two separate visits, about six months apart...Came here with work colleagues for lunch each time... Each time our lunches took 40 minutes to arrive at the table after ordering. For lunch! The fish and chips is good, but I really prefer a faster turnaround on a weekday lunch order.Three stars, because if I do go back here, it will be for dinner. 40 minutes doesn't seem so long if there's a bottle of wine at the table...I loved the decor of this restaurant since itself is a historical building. The food was not bad but I would say the biggest selling point of this place is the ambiance. I had the oysters, calamari, and blue crab and they were pretty good. They have good wine selections as well.We went for the Sunday Brunch, which was just ok.  It's about $30/person for the brunch, which I think is fair since it is a buffet and the spread is pretty impressive.  They have everything from a doughnut machine, to omelets, to lunch food and desserts.BUT, the food just tastes mediocre, so I personally would rather eat less food, that tastes much better.  The building itself is interesting, so that's really the only reason I would recommend going.  The main seating area is very...GRAND haha hence the name, and the side railhouse seating is also really nice and has large windows for a nice view of Pittsburgh.I really enjoy the old school charm of the Grand Concourse. Eating here is like stepping back in time in a good way. The restaurant is opulent and classy. There is a nice view of the river from the terrace where we were seated. My boyfriend treated me to a birthday dinner our reservations were at 4:30pm.  There was hardly any one else dining then.  I had the Alaskan Halibut. This was my first time eating halibut and since this was a special occasion I wanted to try something new.   I was served a hardy portion of fish. Really I could have used more spice in the dish I just felt that something was meh about the perpetration.  The Grand Concourse is a nice fine dining restaurant, but I feel that they played it safe with my entree and it lacked flavor.Oy. What to do.  I've encountered a glitch along my 20+ year relationship with the Grand Concourse.  It's beautiful. It's posh. It has a donut machine. What's not to love???  Well, on my most recent trip with my lovely Sunday Brunch Club, I was fortunate enough to bring SIX newbies (+two returning, including myself) to experience GC's amazing brunch.  We were EXCITED.  The seating area was perfect; private enough for our dirty talk, but close enough to the buffet to gorge ourselves accordingly.  I began my feast with a trip to the carving station and shrimp bowl.  The turkey was a little dry and the shrimp a little hard, but I thought little of it. Plenty more to try, I always say!  My next stop was the omelet station where one of my brunch buddies discovered a hair in her dinner roll.  It happens.  She kept calm and brunch'ed on. In total, my personal brunch menu probably looked a little something like this: one piece of half-eaten dry turkey, a few overcooked shrimpies, some salad (mostly for show), two pounds of Dirt (who says Dirt is only for kids?  Chocolate mousse covered in Oreo cookies crumbles? YES!!!!)  and three hot-out-of-the-machine donuts.So - it's a 'pretty' brunch and the donut machine simply can't be ignored. But for $28 (including tax), I'm pretty sure the Casino and many other brunch establishments in our fair city have GC officially beat.  It's just not good enough anymore.The coolest thing about brunch here is sitting riverside and wandering from serving table to serving table in the grand lobby.  But be forewarned - without reservations they seat you in the Saloon.  Why not 4 or 5 stars?  The food.  It's a seafood restaurant, but on the brunch buffet they have maybe one seafood dish.  And everything is cold - even the stuff they bring out fresh from the kitchen is cold.  The food was so forgetful I can't remember a single dish.I preface my review by saying the Grand Concourse provides a great atmosphere and ambiance for a family outing. Great river views and a "grand" interior, hence the name. Good times can be had by all at this establishment.I have dined here several times over the past 5 years when visiting my wife's side of the family in the Burgh. They do an excellent spread for a brunch buffet and for Easter. From custom pancake and omelet station, to fresh donuts to a nice selection of smoked fish.My experience dining there for dinner about a year ago was slightly different. I find their offerings to be highly over priced. Then again I think only the "best of the best" restaurants should be charging $30+ a plate. We had a variety of appetizers, some better than others. The Calamari was very fresh and quite good. The Blue Point Oysters (raw) were also fresh, not a bad one in the dozen. The Brie with apple chutney was a nice sweet/savory appetizer. The crab crusted scallops, recommended by the waiter, were...odd and mushy.For my entree I ordered the duo of Salmon, the King Ivory (white salmon) and their typical "plank" preparation (pink salmon). It was served with a side of rice and grilled asparagus. This plate was $36, nevertheless, I jumped at the chance to order Ivory Salmon as it is a highly seasonal fish and if prepared right is one of my favorites. Unfortunately, both pieces of salmon were badly overcooked my guess is they were frozen. Borderline above well-done when it is a fish that should be medium-rare to medium. They did the white salmon zero justice as I have had this.We ordered the canoli's for desert, again recommended by the server, touting that they were selected as the best desert out of 100 some odd other deserts by Bobby Flay. The canoli's were disappointing after a glowing review.Overall the service was nice, the wine was great, the food just okay. Again, you are in for a more palatable experience when dining for brunch - which I will look forward to again in the coming months.I was here for Mother's Day brunch last year.They only get 3 stars bc the restaurant is so beautiful inside, and the brunch was ridiculously expensive.  The food was ok, there was a very long line for omelets--longer than it should have been but they are made to order so I understand that.  Things felt a little disorganized and as the restaurant was packed it was completely chaotic and not the relaxing brunch w/ our mother that we had hoped for.The only time we were blown away was when my sister and i saw the amount our bill came to.  I was def wishing I had more siblings with whom to split this check.The service just sucked.  Though we had reservations we had to wait and were seated out in a little porch area--which ended up being kind of cool because it was pouring rain and we were under sky lights so it was a little cozy.  However we were freaking PACKED in there to the point where I was unable to get out of my table bc the chairs from the table behind us were blocking us in.I would probably NOT come to the restaurant if I were given the option of chosing where we dined.  I MIGHT go to this restaurant again but only if Grandma said its where she wanted to go for her birthday.  Ok--I might try the brunch again.  I do heart omelets.  But this brunch is not something I am going to go out of my way for.This place is gorgeous inside but the over priced crappy food and the crap service do not make it worth while.3 stars for beautiful architecture and great potential.I want to like this place...but it just falls short.Eating brunch here is like dating a really hot girl with only an okay personality.  The setting is beautiful, and the food is good, but just doesn't match the looks.  There are a few highlights, including the freshly made donuts (in the back by the bar).   The prime rib, lamb, and ham are also rather good.   Service, despite being buffet style, is very good.  In fact, we've had great waitstaff every visit.The 3-star (mostly based on food) shouldn't be a deterrent. I still think it's a great place to bring out-of-towners for a special brunch.Excellent Lunch Menu!My Kiwanis Club meets here on Thursdays at 12:15pm, so I'm quickly becoming a regular.  I've tried to taste as many options from their lunch offerings as I can and I've yet to find one that I wouldn't order a second time.  Perhaps the only caveat to that would be that the fish & chips goes a little heavy on the breading around the fish so it fills you up with dough/batter rather than wish fish.Service is quick.  The wait staff knows their stuff.  And the view (ask for the river view!) is tremendous.  For those looking to get away from the downtown hustle and bustle but want to stay accessible to work, the Grand Concourse is certainly an option that will not disappoint.I really wish I could do a half-star, as I would give this place 3.5 stars - as I'm torn between 3 or 4.The location and pure ambience of this place are truly spectacular.  It's a timeless, classic that almost makes you think you're stepping back into the 1920's or 30's as part of a grand era of dining reserved only for the elite of that time.The architecture is pretty incredible too, to which I would recommend eating in the main dining area to soak in the "grandness" of the place.  Plain and simple - it's breathtaking...which might be way it gets some higher ratings.  All that aside, the food is just really good...not great or over-the-top in any way.  The service is fine, as well...again, nothing to brag about - just solid.I think this is a place to reserve for special occasions or family get-togethers during holidays, but not something to put on the "regular rotation" for eating.  It certainly warrants at least one visit if you're in the area...just don't forget to save up your pennies for this place, as you will not leave without spending some bucks eating here.I went there on Sunday, Father's Day of all days! They were booked for reservations but did have an area of the restaurant called the saloon were you could just get a table. The weight was about 10 minutes, not bad! The concourse is an amazing place to awe if you love architecture. The food was buffet style all you can eat, only on Sundays. It wasn't bad, just wished they had more warm plate options though, and limit the desert options.As far as ambiance, this place is awesome. It's located inside of an old train station and the details are beautiful. It actually would make for a cool event venue. The service was great throughout the meal but the food really wasn't anything great. The mussels and crab cakes are what I would recommend. The prices are Ok but the portions are small. I would return but I am confused as to why this place was dead at on a Friday night...Went for dinner.  Started with lobster bisque - excellent and calamari with peppers - also good; husband said the peppers were how his grandmother used to make them in a crock.  I had the scallops and gnocchi.  The scallops were nice and tender but the gnocchi while good, is more like an oblong potato pancake.  Obviously I was disappointed since it was not the traditional Italian gnocchi.  Husband didn't like the parmesan crusted shrimp with spaghetti.  He ate the spaghetti but not the shrimp.  I personally didn't think the shrimp was that bad even though I have had better.If you are staying at or near Union Square in Pittsburgh, you have a lot of choices for food.  Tonight a large group (12) of fellow business travelers and I decided to try the Grand Concourse.  We had heard the menu offerings were quite extensive.  I would have to somewhat agree, although it was mostly fish.  Not being a fish person I had to choose between a salad, steak or 1 chicken option.  I forget the name, but I would have to say that the chicken was delicious.  It was a chicken cutlet, with Mozzarella slices and herbs melted on top, served over pesto.  Honestly, the pesto was starchy and a little plain.  If I had the option I would have opted for 2 of the fantastic chicken cutlets and they could keep the pesto.  My wedge salad was delicious but a little light on dressing.  That said, how can a salad topped with bacon and blue cheese be bad. As for atmosphere, the place is beautiful.  I would almost call it majestic.  Maybe impressive is a better description.I will come back with a group, but will likely try other places first.The selection was good.  From the hot buffet to the salads and carving stations, there appeared to be just about something for everyone. The twin omnivores dined on pasta, salads, and grazed freely at the carving stations. My lovely wife (the reason for our dinner) was pleasantly sated at the seafood selection.  Our server Herbert (w/his quaint accent) was fantastic. He appeared to anticipate our needs AND was very kid friendly. This is not my family's. First time here and it will not be the last. If you find yourself at the grand concourse for dinner, ask for Herbert's section. You won't be disappointed!! Grand Concourse, I will see you again soon!Once  a year the wife and I go out and eat an expensive meal.  I lived in the Burgh for 21 years and never went to this place.  Figured we ask for a table with a view of the city and it did not disappoint.  The Smithfield Street bridge at night is awesome to look at.  My dish the salmon was ok...i kind of expected better but the wife's sea bass she said was outstanding.  All in all its has a good atmosphere and good food.  But I have had a better meal and spent less.Not a bad place to have a Thanksgiving feast. Their turkey was quite good. The stuffing selections were really tasty, especially the one with the hazelnuts in it. The only negative thing to say about this experience is the cheese plate offerings. It was very limited. It was basic. There were no brie's there, no exotic cheeses. Just the regular swiss, cheddar, marbles colby (I think), and maybe, just maybe a blue cheese, but I really can't remember, so it was not likely offered - I spent very little time there. Would I go back again? Certainly. The building itself is worth a visit. Some of the wait staff have been there for over 30 years, so the service is excellent. I can and do recommend this place.Was very excited to come here for New Years Eve dinner. I've always heard great things about it, so I figured it would be a delicious meal. I was honestly a little let down all around! Maybe I just need to come back for brunch as that seems like what everyone is raving about. First off the service was very lacking. Took too long to get our drink orders, and over an hour for our meals. There was 3 of us and 2 ordered fish and the other ordered a rare steak. No reason to take over an hour for that. Our sides of vegetables came out cold and my friends meal was obviously sitting under a heat lamp for a while. My meal was warm, not hot,  but it was still ok. My fish was prepared well and the rissoto was amazing! The best part were the appetizers! We had the dynamite shrimp and bruschetta. The shrimp were so big and cooked perfectly. Honestly some of the best shrimp I've ever had! The bruschetta was also one of the best appetizers I've ever had. I would say it's more of a salsa though as it is served as a pile in the middle of 6 pita triangles with goat cheese. It was delectable none the less!Was just there for the amazing Sunday Brunch. The food was amazing and the selection was plentiful. Our server Ashley was very polite, informative and went out of her way to make sure our experience was amazing as three of my guests had birthdays.However, I had a Landry, Inc employee with me and they offer a very nice discount as part of their employment. The host, manager and server at Grand Concourse knew he was going to take advantage of one of the only employee perks, and use his discount.After the bill was brought to the table, we were advised that there was a miscommunication and that the discount wasn't valid for Sunday brunch.

We then decided to enjoy the chocolate caramel bar for dessert, pretty good. The crumble was amazing.

Mile 21-23

The combination plate appetizer was good:  roasted duck, soy sauce chicken, bbq pork, beef, and jelly bands

sitzen. Allerdings ist draußen ab 22:00 Uhr Schluss: verständlich, schließlich

Told her it was my birthday and I want a pineapple upside down and a pinacolada cheesecake. She came back with a plate marked "Happy Birthday Michael" but it was not the cheesecake for me. It's for my wife. I ordered pineapple upside down! I think our server that night had a bad night. She is not paying much attention and sort of missing most of the time. I think that probably the restaurant is under staff. Too many sections assigned to be covered by this server that's why we can not have an excellent service just like the other branch in Chandler Mall. Management should make sure that every server is give an adequate task and area of responsibility because in the end the whole business is the one's affected. Thank you singing me a happy birthday song that night.I've been here only once, however not by choice. If I had it my way, I'd eat here more, I personally liked the layout of this place. I wasn't really distracted, and thought it was a nice time with the Wife. She was pregnant at the time, so she wasn't really able to enjoy the food as much as I did, which is unique in it's own positive way, yet not too "different." Price wise was about average, I would recommend it if your looking for a subtle place to dine while in the area.[Reader: Please add me as a friend!]The cheesecake is definitely the best part of this place. The food is average fare, and there are so many things to choose from it's a bit overwhelming. VERY over-priced too. Had to laugh at their new "skinylicious" menu. I mean, it's good they have one, but it still made me giggle. Who goes to Cheesecake Factory to watch their calorie intake?  I had a pomegranate mojito that was wonderful. The steak and salmon combo was also good, but they give you a half-gallon tub of mashed potatoes and three- yes THREE- asparagus spears. What's wrong with that picture?  Our waitress Samantha, however, was awesome! So if you get her you'll have a great time!My husband and I ate at the Cheesecake Factory the other day and were pleasantly surprised.  The menu offered a huge selection of food including a separate menu of just calorie conscious meals.  They also had a full bar, which was a nice surprise as well.We were greeted at the door by a gal that ended up being our waitress.  She was great and upon hearing that we'd never been there before, she went through the menu, which is more like a book, and gave us a brief summary of what was available and where to find it.I ordered the Chop Salad off of the low calorie menu and also a low cal mojito.  The mojito was delicious, but also cost $9.50, not sure it was worth that.  The Chop Salad wasn't bad, but not something I'd go back for.  My husband's meal was about the same, average.The seating was nice, waitress was great, menu was huge, and the meal was average. All in all, it's not bad.First time eating at a Cheesecake Factory restaurant -- can you believe it??  Met a friend for lunch here.  I was impressed with this location's ambience and spaciousness.  I was also impressed in that they had my scotch  --  18 year old MaCallan single malt!!Service was good and attentive, and they did not chase us out early to turnover our table.I ordered the Americana Cheeseburger, fries, and garden salad.  Everything was good -- nothing outstanding, but good.  I had to eat the burger with a knife and fork.  It was one of those small circumference buns and patties, but thick and big.  So it would have been difficult to put it into my mouth, even my big mouth.One small negative -- prices are high here.  Maybe because of the property's operating costs.  My friend's salad was $12 and my burger was $12 and the side of salad was an additional $3.  Drinks (iced tea) were extra too.  So my lunch was close to $20 -- that is high for lunch.  There are so many places where I can get a big, nice lunch with a drink for under ten bucks.Came here for dinner Sunday with a party of 3 adults and one child. Appetizer was OK (Southwest rolls), I had the passionfruit iced tea (which I like very much), hubby had regular iced tea, the rest of our party had coke, and milk (one milk, one chocolate milk).

I don't think I will come back again.The meal here was similar to what I have experienced at many other steakhouses.  The food is way overpriced and the quality is marginal.  We went for the 45 dry aged Porterhouse steak and it arrived cooked very well but lacking in seasoning and all of the character you come to expect and pay for in a dry aged steak.  The sides were very average as well.  The one good thing was the service.  We had a big group and they handled everything well.  Definitely not the best choice in Montreal.Pretty good ambience and the crowd was great. The service was good, chicken was okaish but the steak was good. Will try this again if I visit montreal again.

The community kind of started to go down the gutter, lots of break-ins, unscrupulous characters venturing around and it's not like there is a guard here.  I once came home late and my entire building was blacked out, there were lights inside the apartments but the building itself was out! I mean, I walked upstairs in darkness! The blackouts have happened several times as well, and I have left complaints. It doesn't help that once I was approached by a character who thought it would be great to approach a crazy Jamaicans car to try and be a perve and look up her skirt, I drove away and the person ran off but I made sure to let the office know about that, perhaps I should have called the police, but I didn't think it was necessary because he ran off. Buzz 3- Butterflies in my stomach

*Lots of cardio equipment- little variation though.

- Silly as it is: the cucumber salad was really good too!It was good, pricey for sushi, but not bad and a decent pre-show dinner conveniently right next to the theatre.Took my cousin here for her b-day with my wife and before Peepshow showing.  The restaurant has a pretty modern feel and a slight open floor plan.  I don't remember exactly what we ordered, but it was just a couple rolls.  I believe one of them was like a BSCR and spicy tuna.  There may have been a couple sashimi plates.Anyhow, the food was ok.  As some yelpers have mentioned, you can get better in Vegas off the strip and a better price.  Being that it's in a hotel, on the strip, you sort of do let that slide a little.  We went here just out of convenience since we were there to watch Peepshow.I went here twice last week.... not by choice, but more by accident. In general, I like this place. It's got a cool ambiance, and you feel sexy there. I would actually like to give this place 3.5 stars. Dishes I recommend:

Spring Rolls: Nothing special.

There were maybe four people there, and they were definitely not the average day club demographic (no hate, do you!) However, when we tried to hang out on the upper level to get the best view, we were denied and kicked back down. Then, we were kicked out of the chairs outside the cabana, although nobody was renting them. I understand building an aura of exclusivity, but it was 111 degrees in the direct sun.The dancers were rehearsing on the stage too, and that was the only music, which was pretty awkward. Combine scorching sun, stilted customer service, an empty pool, and $20 drinks, and I'm not down. I'll definitely give Drais a second try on a weekend!Went here for the pool party on my 21st birthday. 1 star off for not letting the birthday girl in for free!!!! (Or any of the girls). There was not even a line so we weren't expecting it to be crowded. I have no idea who the dj was probably someone not great because people were not crowding the dj table.We got upstairs and drinks were an outrage!!! Nearly $100 for 4 drinks. Good thing it was my birthday! Haha. He pool was gross but I would never go into a pool at a Vegas pool party. Also, people were doing some nasty things!! Bumping and grinding to the max. Also drunk girls were falling everywhere including one that fell onto my friend. We laughed it off but shouldn't you kick those kind of people out?Overall fun but I'll probably go somewhere and wait in line for a better dj and have a less scandalous experience.Wasnt good wasnt bad but dont feel like it was really worth

To celebrate, I decided pizza was in order for lunch (I was going to hit Cien Agaves for tacos, but hey, it's a holiday...I needed to get in the spirit of things:)

Marble floor

Für Kinder bestimmt ganz schön ist der Bereich mit der Wiese.

I wouldn't waste my money again on this event. I would go for free but I rather use the $ I paid for the tickets and eat somewhere nice where I don't have to fight for food.I had to downgrade my rating for this place for two reasons.  The first was that I took in my puppy, and twice now they give me one price when I walk in and describe what I want, and then when I come to pick him up later, they give me a higher price than what I was originally quoted.  For getting my puppy trimmed, washed, nails, etc (the works) the price went up $10 from what I was told originally.  No explanation, no details, and honestly at $80, I didn't feel like making much of a fuss.  Then it happened again, also only for $5 this time, but still, it was disappointing.  It's at the edge of "that annoys me and you're ripping me off" and "eh, whatever, it's not a big deal".The second was when I asked for my puppy to be trimmed, and brushed with the de-shedding brush, there were areas that were clearly missed, and the puppy shed for a good three hours after I brought him back home.  Not small amounts, but a LOT.Still three stars though, because for a basic wash, tooth brushing, and nail trim, they do a good job, and they don't change their price quote.We came here last night to try out the next joint. It was pretty dead for a Friday night and the yelp site said that it was booked until 10, so that was bizarre. I would like to mention that the service was excellent. The owner/manager that was there was so friendly and helpful. Always smiling and always checking on us. The decor and cleanliness was excellent. I struggle with the 3 stars because of the prices of the food and taste. The food was good, but it wasn't amazing for the prices. We had about 5 tapas plates and I would say the best was the sea bass and the 10 hour braised pork. The Chilean sea bass had a delicious hot red sauce that made the dish. And the braised pork was delicious. Other than that, the other dishes lacked in taste. Especially the yellowtail. It actually tasted a little odd and dry. The beers were pretty expensive too. Each Japanese beer was $8 each. Most places around town that aren't on the strip are around $5 for premium crafts beers. The tab for two of us was $110. I would like to go back and try out more dishes to make a better decision. At this time, I'm stuck on the fence.We had 4 plates. The first two (sea bass, tataki) were small portions, but tasty. The kimchi fried rice (we were able to order lunch plates as well at dinner) was meh. It wasn't bad, but nothing impressive. Needed more kimchi and bacon. The fourth dish was the black bean noodles. It was good, just not my thing. This was a larger dish. Overall, the rice and noodle dishes got us full, but the experience was just... ok.The decor is cool, the location is ok, the service is great.I won't be back, but you should check it out.Bulgogi ramen, green tea ramen, spicy popcorn chicken.Let me start off by saying that this review is based on a lunch visit because it seems that this place is a hit for dinnertime.  The service provided by Ryan is definitely very refreshing because you don't get one on one service like that in too many places anymore. The restaurant is nicely decorated and is rather artsy, "me like". Now on to the food.  The two dishes we tried was Green Tea Ramen and Spicy Popcorn Bento.  My hubs wanted the bulgogi ramen, but there was a miscommunication and that ramen was not ordered.  We also caught them on the tail end where they were closing up for dinner. The presentation of the spicy popcorn was great.  Everything that surrounded it complimented the chicken, but the spicy popcorn didn't impress.  I probably did it to myself because popcorn chicken never impresses me because that means tiny chicken with lots of breading....which is what I got.  If it really was served kaarage style as in large pieces of dark chicken, it might just be good. Green Tea Ramen...sorry it tasted like packaged ramen.  Me, I'd call it saimin.  I'm not writing this place off because I def want to give it another try.  But on this visit, I say "meh"This is a small cute little restaurant across the street from CSN. We arrived on a Saturday night at 7:30 PM and it was completely empty! It's sad to see a good restaurant struggling for clients. So apparently they have two menus - tapas and full course items. I'm kind of against tapas these days, but I felt like I had to try some of their signature dishes. We ordered the seared Yellow Tail Salad. Unfortunately the Yellow tail was not as fresh as I would like it. This dish comes with a small salad. I enjoyed the apple dressing a lot. We also ordered the Sea Bass with spicy vegetable. This dish was just ok. The fish was fresh, but it was nothing extraordinary. My favorite items were the 10 hour Pork Belly and the Beef Tataki. These are for sure a must try. Overall, the restaurant has a nice atmosphere, and some items were very good. However, the problem with most tapas places is that you have to order and order to keep full as the sizes do not do any justice.Decent small Korean restaurant near CSN with a small amount of seating and a simple decor. They have specials during lunch for common Asian foods like tempura, teriyaki and some Chinese items. Looks good enough for the students around the area.Dinner and drinks wise, items are decent enough. Tried their specialty short ribs and pork belly but I wasn't really amazed. Tasted just good, not great. Drink selections look all right with American and Asian beverages/alcohol and they even have a happy hour to help push those sales. I'd probably go here every now and then if I lived close enough or attended CSN, but sadly not.I had high hopes for this ramen place especially because it is just down the street from my house and is highly rated by fellow yelpers. The food at this place was 5/5. Everything we ordered including all the sauces were delicious. Some of the dishes we ordered were the beef gyoza, seaweed salad, tofu salad, stone bowl, and the curry ramen and they were all superb. The service at this place took off two stars. We waited about 40 minutes for our appetizers which we ordered right as we sat down. Another 10 minutes we got the rest of our food. We dug in quickly, asked for spoons for our three ramen but didn't end up getting them until we were almost done with the soup. Our kimchee also came out right at the very end.. :/ Even though service was a little rough, our server was kind, very apologetic and pretty so I cut her some slack :) being a server myself and all.Looking forward to coming back for the food! Hopefully they'll have service all straightened out by then. Btw don't forget your free green tea ice cream when you check in. So yum.This has to be the best ramen around town! Seeing that the restaurant had about a 4 and a half stars I was coming in with high expectations. I was slightly let down by the extremely slow and depressing service.The food definitely deserves 5 stars. Our group ordered a Tofu Salad (the dressing was amazing), seaweed salad, beef gyoza (perfectly cooked and crispy on the outside with a great tasting dipping sauce), and kimchi to share. All great choices for appetizers. For my main meal I ordered the curry ramen and added a boiled egg ($1.00 extra) and corn (.50). This was amazing! I loved that it had spinach and pickled radishes. Such a unique tasting ramen! I fell in love!Service was a bit heartbreaking. We had to wait over 45 minutes for our appetizers to come out and almost an hour for our food. And when our food came out, we weren't even given spoons to enjoy the amazing broth. When we asked for spoons the waitress kindly said she was "polishing" the spoons. About 7 minutes later comes back with the spoons but by then we were already almost done with our broth. The waitress was very polite and seemed stressed out so we tried to be understanding although we had a movie to make and were a bit pressed on time.Although it is a small restaurant, there was only one waitress so do not go here if you only have a short time frame. I really do agree with a lot of the reviews and think that this is the best ramen place around town!I would not say it's the great place for ramen in town. The service was slow. It took around 40mins for a bowl of ramen. There were 4/5 people at the time. For the lunch hour if you are in hurry and try to get the ramen and get out there in 1 hour, it's not the right place. Ramen was OK, the pork that comes with ramen was not that soft. the portion size was small for me. Portion size is always people's choice. I am just giving 3 star on the basis of service speed, and taste of ramen.I am addicted to ramen right now.  Is there a rehab for ramen addiction?  I definitely need an intervention.  I can tell because my ankles are swollen from all the sodium. Went on Saturday 6-11-16 at 6PM.  $55.00 got us two ramens, two drinks, a dessert, a salad, and some edamame.  This restaurant is located on Charleston between Jones & Rainbow.  Our waiter was american and very new and said he had never eaten ramen before he started working there.  WHAT?  Where have you been, mister, under a rock??? When I eat ramen I want some asian lady slingin' noodles at me...it just feels more authentic.  Is that racist? Whatever- the heart wants what it wants.  I chose to create my own ramen.  They gave me a sheet with all the toppings and a pencil and I just ticked the box next to what I want.  I chose thick noodles, extra noodles, chasu, egg, spinach, and corn.  My creation wound up being $15 which I thought was a little steep.  I really liked the addition of the spinach and overall the broth was pretty tasty although the chasu was small and tough.  Husband got curry ramen which I thought was brilliant.  I snagged a bite of it and thought it was delicious.  He added chicken katsu to the top which made it perfect.  I checked in on yelp and scored a free green tea ice cream but they barely gave me half a scoop.  Thanks a lot, ya cheapskates.  I ordered a mont blanc which came out frozen and was pretty gross....I can't recommend it. For the price, I'd rather to go Monta or Sora.Wow I hate to give a place with a really good pupusas such a low rating but the service was really bad and the funny thing is that there was only two tables being occupied. Only one cook and only one waitress who once we got our food forgot about us and even when I called her over took forever to come and forgot part 2 of my request. I think the authentic flavor of this location can really hit it big except they need to step it up a notch ! Awesome food but taking to go next time, place is really hot a/c needs to be turned on. Omg I'm almost temped to lower one more star but the quality keeps it at 3Good food but really shity  service. The service was so bad I won't be back. I gave a 3 star rating based on food alone. Really sad because they could be a really busy place otherwise.Fantastic Bean Papusas. Meat ones don't have so much meat. Very tasty but too much oil for us. We patted oil off with napkins before eating. Fun laid back atmosphere.Eh. I only came here because this is where my doctor sent me. I don't know if I can write an unbiased review because I was not feeling well that day, but this place didn't really help. The appointment started over thirty minutes late. The tech who did my scan was very cold and didn't explain what she was doing, catching me off guard a few times (a 'hey, I'm about to squeeze you leg!' would have been nice before it was grabbed). I was clearly nervous and she barely gave me more than a few word answers to my questions about the scan. If I ever have to use this group for a scan of some sort again I'd try a different location.This place is old-school, they actually have some prices posted in cents! Small store with a lot of stuff to pick through. Exterior and window display have a vaguely hipster-friendly feel to them, and a lot of the stock is dated but still in good condition.  Donations accepted, free religious literature available at the entrance.Really great spring rolls but the banh Xeo and pho were just ok.My friends love Brodard in SoCal. They rave about their nem nuong cuon and what nots. However, when I went to SoCal with them to try it, I wasn't impressed. It didn't tickle my taste buds. So when I heard a Brodards was opening up in Vegas, I was just curious so my friend and I decided to try this place. Yuuuuup, even less impressed.My friend and I decided to share an order of their nem nuong cuon ($4.95) and a com tam bi cha suon nuong ($11.95), which is a rice plate with shredded pork, egg, pork chop, shrimp, and deep fried shrimp cake. For a lack of a better word, it was a little on the bland side. The nem nuong cuon itself was okay. It did remind me of the ones in SoCal but the sauce was a no go. Their sauce lacked flavor. But I guess I'm not the best person to ask. I never enjoyed Brodard's nem nuong cuon either. Sooo yeah...As for the rice plate, the deep fried shrimp cake was done very well. However, the pork chop was very bland. The flavors from this plate, all together, was very underwhelming. The service was okay for the most part. I went during my lunch break so I only had a limited amount of time. I told the server from the start if she could speed things up cause I'm on my lunch break ......and it definitely got sped up. Overall though, I'm not sure if I'd return. It was okay but not special enough for me to want to go back and try anything else.I was super excited to hear that Brodard's was opening in Vegas. Their most popular item is the nem nuong cuon which is delicious, especially paired with their special made sauce. When it opened, it was reported to be a "sister" location of Brodard, hence the different name. Being a fan of viet foods, that means it bringing the other types of various viet cuisine aside from the usual pho. My friend and I came here on her lunch break (30 minutes). We were quickly seated and ordered. We told the waitress we were on a time crunch and needed it to be fast! Luckily, they did speed it up and we received our food, ate, and paid fairly quickly. We had shared an order of nem nuong cuon and a com tam bi cha suon nuong Nem Nuong Cuon (grilled pork sausage spring roll) - $4.95 for 2 rolls - when i saw the price, i was a bit surprised. If i remembered correctly, it was about $1.50/roll at Brodards. Ok, maybe it was a transporting fee, or something. When the rolls came out, it seemed smaller. Ok. Took a bite. It seemed similar but seemed like something was missing. When i tried the sauce, i was surprised how HOT the sauce was. I definitely dont recall the sauce being hot. Luke warm to warm at most. Ok. Maybe they just made the sauce. The sauce tastes completely different. It was really underwhelming. It didnt have those mysterious tangy bright flavors the sauce at Brodard had. Overall, quite disappointing. MayCom tam bi cha suon nuong - (broken rice plate with shredded pork, egg meatloaf, pork chop, shrimp, and deep fried shrimp cake wrapped in soybean curd) - $11.95 - Overall, was a decent size. This kind of fed two people. So portion size, pretty good.  The pork chop and shrimp were a bit underwhelming. Need more seasoning. The deep fried shrimp cake wrapped in soybean curd is pretty good. Freshly fried so soybean curd skin was nice and crispy while the shrimp cake was still moist and hot. Egg meatloaf is pretty good. one of my favorite viet foods. Overall, food was ok. Maybe i was too hyped for this place and was a bit disappointed when i experienced it. Service overall was decent. Got things to us in a good timely manner. Maybe give them a few months to get up to speed and maybe change it up a bit. Hope for the better. Would really love to have a different viet restaurant to go to =PLooking for a cheap dinner option in the area, we wandered into Nem Nuong Bistro set on trying their namesake. We ordered the spring rolls as an appetizer and my friend and I both ended up ordering the grilled pork and shrimp vermicelli bowl. Vermicelli bowls are the perfect hot summer meal and this one did not disappoint. It wasn't the best I've had, but it was solid and had a fair amount of protein and noodles jam packed in the bowl. I would have preferred a spicier hot sauce to go along with it, but it was decent. The spring rolls were really good. I preferred the  I preferred the pork spring roll and my friend preferred the shrimp paste, but they were both solid and I'd definitely recommend ordering these here. The portions were plentiful and our tummies were stuffed by the end of the meal.The service was good and our drinks were refilled regularly. It got a little slow at the end waiting for our bill to be processed since they forgot they had our credit card, but we apologized and were very nice so I wouldn't hold that against them. The restaurant is large and clean-looking. I would definitely check this place out again in the future and look forward to trying more of their menu.Nem Nuong Bistro is a new place to try a variety of Spring Rolls, the place has a great purpose, but I feel the food is lacking a little. I would like to see an improvement on their dishes before I come back. I guess it's a decent vietnamese restaurant, but it's not anything special to me. I give them credit on their service though because most vietnamese restaurants have terrible service and here, their employees are quick and organized. But other than that, their food isn't worth my money.....Nem Nuong Bistro is on a tier of its own from the competition. I like no-wait (it was a sunday afternoon) and we ordered quite a lot and they accommodated quite large parties. The nem nuong spring rolls were nicely created and the sauce was savory enough to satisfy my cravings. This will be a new destination when I venture down to Chinatown!The famous Nem Nuong Rolls alone earns this place a solid five-star, however, it was the pho that was a let down.We walked into Nem Nuong on a quiet Tuesday night and only a few people were there. They did not have any music playing or anything for background noise so we awkwardly kept our conversation to somewhat of a whisper like the other diners.The Nem Nuong Rolls are absolutely delicious. What made them so good to me? The crunch is crucial and these rolls had it. Now to the pho.. When I was looking through the menu, I could see that the prices here were a bit higher than other pho places around. Maybe this meant that the broth and food would be promising? No. We both ordered a bowl of the Pho Tai Bo Vien. The broth was nearly tasteless (my boyfriend refers to it as hot lime water) and led to me packing it with a bunch of sauces.I'll be back for the Nem Nuong Rolls and to see if the other items on their menu offer more flavor.Definitely too much hype for this place. The service was good. Food was decent but not out of this world. We liked the crunch to the signature nem noung rolls. Banh khot was good. Beef salad was just okay. I'd give the place another try whenever I'm back in town.This review was tough. I feel like the only stand out dish at this restaurant is their nem nuong rolls. For $5, you get two rolls. Which is not enough cause these rolls are absolutely addicting. I've tried other soup dishes, rice dishes, and noodle dishes that were okay. Nothing really stands out as extraordinary or amazingly delicious. The restaurant is huge and it seems like they may be understaffed at some times.TIP - I checked in and was able to use my check-in discount of 10% off. Hopefully that will last a while.Parking - lot is huge.  FYI: there are some stalls further down that are marked for other businesses.I'll admit that what sold me to come here were the reviews saying that their nem nuong rolls were just like the ones they have at Brodard, which are my absolute favorite.  So on our way out from Vegas and heading home, my boyfriend and I stopped for a quick brunch in Chinatown Las Vegas. We got here earlier than their opening--by accident because I forgot to check their hours--and they were nice enough to open up 20 minutes earlier than they needed to.We ordered the nem nuong rolls (because of course I want to know if they are just like Brodards), crispy chowmein (mi xao don) seafood combo, and broken rice dish with grilled pork (com tam thit nuong).The nem nuong rolls are not bad. They just aren't meaty enough like Brodard so it didn't exceed my high expectations.  The meat to crunchy filler to vegetables were equal here.  I didn't get a chance to try the mi xao don because I have a shellfish allergy but it did look good. The broken rice were slightly soggy than most com tam dishes I've grown up eating, and portions were small.If you've ever eaten at Brodard and love their food, you won't come out too satisfied here at Nem Nuong Bistro with their nem nuong rolls. The food isn't bad but I just had higher expectations.First time here. Very good chicken breast Pho; tons of noodles in a clear delicious broth. Pho Tai was ok, but as other people remarked their beef broth is very heavy on the cloves. The sausage rolls were excellent, however, and the price was the best that we've seen so far. The service is really top notch, but they could use a drink menu, even just to list their soda's and types of coffee.Probably won't be back just because we have a Pho Annie right down the street now, but if you're in the neighborhood it's definetley worth trying out.Food is good. Nem nuong is the best. We came in at 1200. Ordered at 1215 and didn't get our foods until 1300. Expect a long waiting time.The best dish I had there was probably the nem nuong spring rolls. Everything else I tried (pho, bun thit nuong, bun bo hue, viet ice coffee, etc) was okay.

Got our food and never saw the server again until we were done. He also told me the chili fries were good if you like spicy food. Um, was not even spicy at all, haha, maybe I just take spice better than he does.Wasn't impressed by this place. My friends really liked the Oxtail Fries so maybe that's what it's all about. My milkshake was good but the Burger Bar milkshakes at Mandalay Bay were better.I have to say the burgers are really good I have tried this place a few times. This time I dined in and I have to say the service really sucks, service is slow, waiter disappeared, no refills on the water granted they were packed but still there should be a set standard. I would only do take out from here.

The decor is nice, the staff is welcoming and friendly.

Salmon Skin Roll - Standard but they put the SWEET EEL sauce on it so you have been warned.

I would go back to try the last steam sandwich option with the short rib.2.5 Stars, rounding up. Visited Bachi Burger a handful of times few months ago as its only a few miles from while I live, and I have to say their knock on waiting times is on point. Long enough to make a noticeable difference in your dining experience. If you can get past that then you're in for a pretty good treat. Interesting concept and flavors but the quality of service was lacking. Just needs some polish.. Would've liked a larger portion on my burger and desserts were ok. But then again this was something me and a couple of Yelpers had mentioned months back perhaps things have changed. I'll go back, just not anytime in the near future.I really wanted to love this place. I was very pleased by how my burger was cooked. Perfectly pink and moist. The bun was fantastically buttery and plump.I enjoyed the parmesan truffle fries. They were very similar to the ones at Yard House. So they were good, but not particularly original. The gravy that topped it was delish, I wish there was more of that to go around. I was a little disappointed in the flavor profiles and textures. I guess I was expecting more bang, shazam, boom. Something special. It was just a really well-prepared burger, without any sizzle. I look forward to giving it another chance, though. Don't get me wrong. I hope it's better the second time around.Ok after a lot of ranting and raving from other people, we decided to try Bachi Burger. I understand that they are trying to be creative with their Asian fused food. Great concept, however, some times a little too much can be a bad thing. Overall the place was ok but not what I was expecting. I suggest this place if you want a nice atmosphere and finger foods, not if you're terribly hungry or if you have several mouths to feed since everything is a la carte. If on a budget, stick to Fukuburger.First comment- nice interior and atmosphere. Steady flow of people. Employees were nice. Even though there were other patrons, we seemed to wait a long time for our food. I believe we waited at least 20 mins to get our food and another 15 mins for the check. I mean for a burger this seems like a long time plus there seemed to be a quite a few employees in the back that it shouldn't have taken this long. Second - the food. We ordered the parm fries, Ronin burger and Short rib steam buns. Parm fries were good however I didn't feel that the sun-dried tomato aioli really fit in with the fries. If anything I would suggest that the truffle sauce replace the aioli because the sauces didn't go well in my opinion. Also I didn't think the aioli had much flavor considering it was sun-dried tomato. The Ronin was just ok. First I'm surprised they didn't ask us how we wanted it cooked. It came out medium well and honestly I would have preferred it a little more pink. First off, the burger in my opinion is quite small and tries to compensate with a thick patty but still looked delicious that I couldn't wait to take a bite. First bite, bread is soft and great quality of meat but the sauce tends to overpower the flavor of the rest of the ingredients. If you asked me I wouldn't have been able to tell you that there was Japanese Cole Slaw, an egg, caramelized onions or a miso dressing, all I could taste was the katsu sauce. There were 2 sauces on the burger and a citrus aioli on the side. Personally I don't think the aioli or the miso dressing are needed since the katsu sauce is powerful enough by itself.Short rib steam buns - great presentation making it look like pitas. However, first impression was that's alot of dough for the little bit of ingredients within it. First bite is exactly what happened. I thought that the short rib and the egg didn't have enough flavor to overshadow the thickness of the dough. I could taste the cliantro but other than that, I thought the flavor was very bland. I tried the dipping sauce which was suppose to be a horseradish aioli. Personally I wasn't a fan of it, I would have preferred something with a little more zing like a wasabi ranch dressing or a japanese style salsa. It's a great concept but I think it should be revamped to bring out the flavors of the ingredients they try to fuse together or else again everything gets lost in what is trying to be accomplished.Finally we ordered the Portguese doughnuts. Eh it was just an oversprinkled cinnamon mini-doughnut with a mini vanilla ice cream scoop. It tasted a little burnt and seems to be covered with alot of cinnamon and brown sugar to hide the burnt taste. Overall Bachi was just ok, it didn't meet the expectations that I had or maybe I had too high expectations. For two people we spent over $40 and still left hungry so I wouldn't recommend this place if you are starving. Again I like the concept and what they are trying to achieve but for the price I can get the same thing at Fukuburger.First of all, it's behind Subway....we had a little difficulty finding it and circled the parking lot before finding it.Service:  Slow like many reviews said, however, we weren't upset at all.  I didn't read the reviews before going here because I was thinking with 200 reviews & 4 stars and all our friends recommending it, it's worth a try.  So I didn't know about the slow service.  I just commented during dinner how we had finished all our appetizers and our burgers have yet to arrive.  The reason why I think none of us were upset was because the staff did seem very nice and were just new or something.  Oh and my boyfriend also commented that I should not have ordered my appetizers when the waiter came to ask for our drink orders because he seemed really flustered that I interrupted his order of doing things.  Also the appetizers came out way before the water did, which I thought was strange.Food:Sweet potato fries were really good.  I loved the yuzu citrus aioli that came with it.Truffle parmesean fries was pretty good too.  It came with a sun dried tomato aioli, which I thought wasn't as good as the sweet potato one.  I think it really depends on personal taste, because half of us liked the sweet potato one more and the other half the truffle one more.Garlic, ginger, and chili edamame was really good.  I love the flavor and it's so much better than plain salted edamame that I am used to at Japanese restuarants.Oxtail chili cheese fries was ok.  I wasn't a big fan of it.  I think I would have preferred beef over oxtail.  I really couldn't tell the difference except for the occasional fattier pieces of meat.  I also would rather it came in a smaller portion because it was a meal in itself.As for the burgers, we got Kiki's burger, Banh-mi burger, and 2 BBQ Angus burgers with some add-ons.  No one in my party enjoyed their burgers that much.  I was ok with mine, but it wasn't that good.  I think the main problem (completely our fault) is that we didn't realized it was BBQ, meaning sweet BBQ sauce.  No one like that the patties had a sweet taste and was competing with the other sauces.  My brother took probably 3 bites and bagged it home for his dog, saying that he would prefer In-N-Out...and all the other great burger places in Philly.  He thought that even though he ordered medium, it came out too dry for him.  His girlfriend had the Banh-mi, with the BBQ and curry aioli, I don't think she even touched the fish sauce.  She didn't finish her burger either.  My boyfriend thought his burger was ok but the bottom bun was soggy, probably because his egg was running down the side when it was delivered to the table.  My burger was ok too.  it didn't wow me though.  My boyfriend and I were the only ones who finished our burgers.Also their boba drinks are not made from fresh fruits.  I was hoping they were, but good thing I asked before I ordered one.  I did try the green milk tea boba and it was ok.I don't think I will come back here again.  If I do, it will only be to do take out for the sweet potato fries and edamame.I was excited to try this place because I've heard so much about this place.  I decided to try it out this week when I didn't feel like cooking.  We ordered the truffle parmesan fries, and the waitress suggested that we have it come out before our fries because our food would take about 20 minutes.  That was a great suggestion because it passed the time and didn't feel like a long wait.  I really like the fries and really want to try the sweet potato fries next time.  I ordered the peking style duck buns and was a little disappointed because there was no crispy skin--which is the most important part of peking duck.  Also, the duck was really chewy because it had tendon or some kind of connective tissue, which I've never encountered with real peking duck.  However, the buns were really tasty, spongy, and fresh.  Next time I visit, I'll probably stick to one of their burgers.Asian-ized burgers - cool concept, pretty good execution.  Thick, juicy burger patties glazed in some kind of terriyaki or soy sauce.I preferred the Kiki burger (lots of mushrooms) over the Ronin (didn't like the pickled ginger).The parmesan truffle shoestring fries were thin and crispy - not bad, but couldn't really taste any truffle.Overall, not a bad value and it makes a good stopping point before checking into your hotel.The Las Vegas WEEKLY Magazine had an article on Burgers.. This place showed up, more specifically their "Kalbi Burger". So, I got another mission.. A burger mission!Came here on a week night, place had a bull pen open layout and only a had a few vacant tables in a pretty decent sized space. Server was Kind and told us that everything they offered had asian inspired/influenced.To Start:Truffle Parmesan Fries: This was Shockingly much better than I would of ever expected. Not much going on but it was cooked just right, seasoned with the right amount of everything and the creamy/slightly tangy dip was Great!!Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries: Shreds of oxtail, fries, chili, cheese, garnished with slices of jalapeno with a fried egg right on top!! Too good to be true! Geez, now this is one of those "get down and sloppy" type of dishes!! Unfortunately, I did not like the flavor of the oxtail, nor the chli.. The fries and the Egg were Nice but, everything else was a disappointment!I was so exctied I didn't order the magazine featured burger but  went with the first "Specialty Burger" on the list:Ronin Burger: caramalized onions, japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu bbq, sweet bread bun, yuzu citrus aioli on the side for dipping (taste like horseradish blue cheese). I subsituted the regular Angus with their "Snake River Farms" American Wagyu Patty. Overall, I did not like the many different flavors put in this burger, especially the bitterness of the red cabbage.. I think there was way too many things going on at the same time. I did love the richness of the patty and the buns were shiny, soft and super scrumptious!!I will give this place another try. Next time, I will try the critically acclaimed burger. Plus I will try a plain custom burger just with the patty, lettuce, tomato and amercian cheese (no distractions from other supporting additions).  Service was really good, Pricing was ok I really enjoyed their Very Innovative Menu.OK, if you want a new experience on the great hamburger, this is a very cool place to try for sure.  Gourmet burgers with an Asian Flair, great fries with a different twist.1.  Ambiance - Very nice in a small tucked away corner in a non discript dopey strip mall that really has nothing to offer other than this place.  Kind of out of the way actually.  Has a small feeling but nice and warm overall.2.  Service -  Had a young/ new server, but he seemed to know his stuff. Clearly the place is very proud of their vision and their offerings. I would be too.  However, they were closed on Valentines for reservations only dinners, which is ODD for a place that does NOT take reservations. Then, on Presidents day, they decided to open on the Monday, which is normally a closed day for them and then they closed on Tuesday. Twice I went there and they were closed. I consider this a bit arrogant, but they can be for sure!!!3.  Food - Wow, very tasty and the asian fusion is really cool and nice. Tastes are very good.You can even do without the bun and still the taste rocks.  Ronin Burger, Kiki Burger, Kalbi Burger,, all great. The non traditional ice teas are a bit "much" meaning, that they have a strong and odd taste compared to norm. Desserts are great and find out the specials of the day before you order your main dish, to resever whatever is the special.  Oh yeah, all the fries were great.  4.  Price -  For six of us with three desserts, the total came out to $120.00. I find that a bit steep for a gourmet burger and even though the kids enjoyed the taste, it was the most awesome thing for their palates.5.  Overall - this is an experience and you need to try this place for sure, however, it is not a place I am going to pop into all the time. Why?  A bit expensive, a bit pretentious, but still a quality establishment regardless!  I will go back, but after I save some money!I've been here a few times. I ordered the Ronin and it was pretty delicious. So delicious that it's the only thing I ever order. As for fries, I've tried both the regular and truffle sauce fries. Truffle sauce.. eh. The combination of truffle sauce and salty fries just doesn't fit my palette. But overall the food was absolutely wonderful. I'm giving this restaurant three stars though because of the service. I came in and had to wait almost an hour and a half for my food to come out. It wasn't jam packed busy either so I don't know what the deal was. Also, every other time I come, the waiters take a while to ring up my check. Like an extremely long while. Like I should order another burger to kill time. There isn't a hostess either so you pretty much just wait until a server sees you and seats you. As for price, I went in with my boyfriend a few times and for two burgers two drinks and one side of fries, our bill came to about $35 which isn't bad overall. I'd probably come here again but not cause of the service, but for the amazing burgers.Good food, open late is great.My friends took me to this off the strip burger establishment and i enjoyed it thoroughly.  How come the three stars?  It's because of the service unfortunately.  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries; this is probably the only place that has this dish!! It was amazing; if you have not tried stewed oxtail this is the place to taste it; unfortunately when brought out the fries were lukewarm and the waiter said "oh we forgot to cook it" Who says that?!?!  Well they took the dish back in and heated it up in the oven and it still still turned out marvelous.  For my main course, I had the Banh Mi Burger which was a spin on the vietnamese sandwich.  The burger meat was cooked perfectly and it had two fish cakes with the vietnamese fish sauce.  It was great.  We also had fish chips (divine!), parmesan truffle fries, and salt and pepper fries.  Unfortunately the service did not match up to the food.  At one point they did not have enough cups to bring us our green tea beverages.  The service put a damper on the great food, but this can be improved.  Keep up the good work with the food! I would come here again though and give them another chance.I had read the reviews and it was mentioned in one of the weekly magazines here so I had been wanting to try it out for a while.  I got the ronin and my friend got the kiki we also got the truffle fries.  While we were waiting for that we ordered a jasmin lemonade and one of there home made sodas.  I didn't like the lemonade but i loved the soda.  The server was very nice and the  decor is pretty.  The burgers were ok.  I think I expected more since there are soooo many great reviews.  The burgers were well made but forgetable.  We didnt like the truffle fries that much either but we liked the burger buns.  If I'm in the neighborhood I will give it another try and order something different.So many great reviews I had to try.  First try I didn't check and went on a monday and they were closed boo....I had their regular burger with bacon, eggs, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayo....and....drum roll....the Bacon was really tasty.  That was the only thing that really stood out.  The presentation was good too...But the burger itself was pretty bland.  Maybe ive been spoiled with so many gourmet burger joints in california and vegas....but the bachi version was ok.   I didnt try any of their other specialty version as im not too fond of some of the items.The seating arrangement was nice, i liked the decor, and service was good as well.  Looked liked they may be able to some outdoor seating?  shrugs...perhaps it is too hot in vegas....I would come again if i was hosting an out of towner who wanted an away from the strip experience...we ordered 2 versions of the fries...and both were just a ok.  the truffle fries and some other ones with cilantro in it.  I think they tried to get a bit too creative ... at least for my taste.55%

Fried veggie rolls were good.I left full which was the goal. For asian food in LV do this if you're starving and too lazy to look around. If I was in Aria I'd go here for sure for convenience. If you like super spicy food just tell them, they'll make it spicy. Servers were nice.It's amazing how you can go to the same restaurant twice and have two completely opposite experiences, one a 5 star and one a 1 star.We went today at 2:30 pm to eat after an INCREDIBLE experience 11pm Saturday night. Saturday night it was fairly empty, and we sat at the bar. A great female bartender took our order, took care of everything with my food allergies, and was overall awesome. The food itself was delicious. Today, the food was AWFUL. The service by a bartender again (Shawn) was horrible. He was obviously stressed and not only served us badly (screwed up the order, didn't send my cold app out with my husband's hot app), but didn't even provide silverware or napkins for the people next to us. My order was wrong (I didn't say anything, it wouldn't have gotten me anywhere), and the food runners didn't even seem to know where the food was going and just asked the patrons who ordered chicken satay. If you're going to come here, recognize that it's totally hit or miss.The ambiance was nice, the chairs were a tad bit uncomfortable (very little padding), but really this should be about the food, right? Well...it's fine. Just fine. Nothing earth shattering. I had the jellyfish appetizer, which is really just cold jellyfish cut into strips like pasta and tossed with sesame and chili oil. Someone was WAY TOO heavy handed with the sesame oil, which ruined the entire dish.My table ordered a bunch of spring roll and pot stickers, those were fine.For my entree I ordered the Beef Sczehwan noodle soup with beef, beef tendon, and baby bok choy. The broth was good, a little mild for my taste, and it turns out I'm not a big fan of beef tendon, a wee bit fatty for my liking. (Who knew?)The wait service was okay - after 20 minutes of sitting around and waiting for our check after eating we finally went to the hostess station to ask for our bill.If you're looking for an awesome Vegas dining experience, and you should be, I wouldn't go here. It's fine if you're trapped in the casino and want some sort of Asian food, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.Went to Lemongrass for the 1st time. It was pretty good. Had the sesame chicken, fried prawns and pad see ew noodles. The sesame chicken was ok. I was expecting better quality because Lemongrass is a nice upscale restaurant in an upscale hotel. Not bad but not great. The fried prawns on the other hand were really good. Good size and portion. The pad see ew noodles were good as well. Not a big fan of flat noodles but these were tastyI would definitely recommend Lemongrass to anyone looking for good Thai food. I will be heading back to try the other options they have.***There were some good dishes at Lemongrass (as well as a few items that did not feel outrageously priced); there were also a few mediocre things at Lemongrass; if you do your research though and order popular items at Lemongrass, you are probably in for a satisfying and maybe even not too pricey lunch or dinner for Las Vegas***I saw in a taxi that Lemongrass is the only Thai restaurant located in a major resort and casino on The Strip.  Lemongrass is located in Aria and it is open for lunch (it was surprisingly busy for lunch despite its location; it is kind of located in the back of Aria, which I would assume would not get much foot traffic).  Lemongrass features an all-day menu consisting of satays, appetizers, salads, soups, entrees featuring all kinds of proteins (beef, chicken, lobster, prawns, pork, tofu, sea bass, and crab), curries, rice dishes, and noodle dishes.  Like a lot of Thai restaurants, Lemongrass features a big menu so maybe it should not be a surprise that some dishes are good while others underwhelm.I thought their chicken wings were very good.  They were not battered, but the outside was crispy while the inside was very juicy.  The chicken wings had a good flavor too--a fair amount of spiciness.  The chicken wings were served with a sweet dipping sauce.The Pad Thai Ghoong also had a good amount of spiciness too and the spiciness was more than I would expect with pad thai so it was a nice surprise.  The pad thai also featured good noodles, a generous portion of prawns, crushed peanuts, and bean sprouts.  I did feel that the portion of noodles was a tad small.The fried tofu with sauteed mushrooms, peppers, onions, scallions, and oyster sauce featured really good deep-fried tofu.  The tofu had a great and distinct edge while the inside was soft and very creamy.  Unfortunately, the sauce was very lukewarm in temperature.  Even if the dish had been served fresh and hot, it might have needed more heat or flavor.  In addition, with the tofu and the cooked vegetables, the dish felt too soft (there needed to be more crispiness or crunchiness).The yellow curry with chicken, onion and potato was quite watery and bland.  I really liked the potato, but the chicken was shredded without care and overly dry.  It was disappointing given the quality and moistness of the chicken wings.The beef satay was not that good.  The texture of the beef was a tad chewy.  The flavor was okay though.  The satay came with garnishes of peanut sauce, cucumber relish, and ciabatta bread.Service was good--pleasant and attentive.  The food came out at a quick pace.The restaurant has a mostly dark decor.  The room is comfortable.  And despite being very close to the casino, the restaurant feels very blocked off with walls and such to keep the smoke from wafting over to Lemongrass' dining room.Prices vary.  Appetizers are in the $10 and below range while several main dishes go for $16; there are several courses in the $25 range and portions vary with some dishes feeling generous with proteins and others feeling stingy with proteins or noodles.Lemongrass probably has enough good things on the menu that you can have a good lunch or dinner here.  You need to do your research before coming here.  I thought the chicken wings and pad thai were both good, but the other dishes were mediocre.  I imagine there are other good things here and there are probably a few reasonably priced dishes as well.  If you know what to order and get the kitchen on a good day, Lemongrass can probably be a satisfying and not too expensive lunch or dinner on The Strip.Like other major hotels and casinos on The Strip, Aria offers free self and valet parking.Came here after partying at the Bank, needed some recovery food. Located in Aria and it was the closest Pho place I could find. Since its in  Aria you know everything is clean and aesthetically nice, service good, food good, but pricey. 3.5 Stahz!Good, but not worth the price.Three stars for an average place.  Great decor and clean. But for being on the strip and especially in the highly talked about city center I expected more. We had a reservation for a small group of us and were seated right away. Service was good but nothing over the top.  Our group did the tasting menu which I enjoyed but wasn't blown away.  The food was flavorful and when they warn you about things being spicy they are right. We didn't feel rushed and enjoyed our evening but I'm not aching to go back.Went here on a whim after leaving wet republic. Totally glad they let us in they way we were dressed and slightly intoxicated. We had a party of 9 and was seated within 10 minutes. The design and decor was nice ( what did you expect, it is inside of Aria ) I started with some hot and sour soup which was great. Everyone ordered the satay grill and some chicken wings were ok. I had the basil meat with chicken and asked for level 10 Thai hot. Let me tell you this, it wasn't even a level 5 on a USA hot scale. The dish had flavor but I've had better. Service was very good. All around decent spot to eat, but for 40$ for a basic Thai meal, I can do WAY better. Probably wouldn't come back unless I am staying at Aria.I came to Lemongrass with a group of girls for a bachelorette party after reading really favorable reviews online.The ambiance was absolutely beautiful. Nestled right behind the High Rollers Lounge in the Aria hotel, you escape from the hustle and bustle from the casino, and almost forget that you are in Vegas until you hear someone screaming that they've won.The drink menu had nice options. I have the blueberry gin infused cocktail, simply because it had St. Germain which I'm a sucker for. I was satisfied but not overly impressed.The food received mixes reviews from our party. I thought it was decent, but I've definitely had better Thai fusion food. The prawn rolls were absolutely delicious, while the pad thai definitely left me with the case of the yawns.The service was very good. Alex, our server was incredibly nice and patient. He blessed a few of the ladies with insight of which item to choose, the menu could be a tad overwhelming for a first time visitor. Overall, I gave it 3 stars because I'm not dying to go back, but I wouldn't be opposed visiting if another restaurant is open.We wanted pho and asian food.. we didnt want to drive far to get some asian food and they have good reviews so we came here.

Hi Diego,We wanted to let you know that we've removed your review of Ling and Louie's Asian Bar and Grill, Wild Horse Pass. Our Support team has determined that it falls outside our Content Guidelines (http://www.yelp.com/guidelines) because it contains inappropriate content.Service was great. Server not that knowledgable about drinks but apparently not his fault, they don't allow staff to try the specials so they cannot recommend - boo. Appetizers not that bad and not that special. The sizzling surf & turf and wasabi mashed potatoes were excellent. Signature margarita not that great.My husband and I called in a togo order at 645. We were told it would take about 10-15 minutes. We live about 20 away so I figured my food might be cold but at least ready when I got there.  The two girls in the bar were not friendly. No smiles, no "ill be with you shortly",  nothing! So after a few minutes one girl asked if I wanted to place an order and I told her I called one in. She said it wasnt ready it would be 10 more minutes (it took me about 35 minutes to drive there any park) even though I was quoted 10-15. 10 minutes go by....nothing. I ask again and the other bartender said that its still not ready. I ended up waiting 1 hour and 20 minutes from when I called it in to receive my order. I checked the ticket and the order ticket wasn't printed till an hour after I called it in. So clearly some one messed up and forgot to ring in my food and doesnt own up to it. Im giving three stars ONLY because the food was absolutely fabulous! ! Everything we ordered was cooked to perfection! ! We have eaten here before with great service but today was a huge disappointment.Happy hour is lacking compared to other location in scottsdale. Same with food quality. It wasn't bad but definitely miss other location since we moved. Service at bar was friendly.Whoa the hostesses need to be trained or replaced!  They were clueless which resulted in multiple reservations delayed over an hour and several "may I speak to your manager" requests from different parties.  After an hour past our reservation and still no desire to get a table ready for us, not to mention that there were several tables open in multiple areas, we finally were able to sit down! Whew it was a nightmare!!  The only reason I gave them 3 stars is because the food was amazing and our server Candy was incredible!!  If they figure out their hostess situation they will be a great place to go eat! Thank you again Candy!!We used to go there all the time for the great food. Hadn't gone in a while so I decided to take my wife on a casino date. Found the menu had changed. Ordered egg rolls or spring rolls for an appetizer. They no longer had either. What Chinese restaurant doesn't have egg rolls or spring rolls?!?!  Dinner was just ok. I ordered a dish with two indicators of spicy. I guess salt is a spice as mine was way over salted and I like a lot of salt!  I hope we just hit them on a bad day because we used to love this place and just for that will we try them one more time.I've been to the Ling & Louie's in Scottsdale, but this location is closer so we decided to have dinner here. One appetizer, one entree, and a dessert was enough food for my husband and I. The blackened ahi tuna tasted good and the price/portion was typical, but I wouldn't get it again and would probably just stick with their calamari (it's delicious!) for more bang for your buck. The honey walnut chicken was on point with flavor but the grease in the batter they use for the crispy chicken got overwhelming after a couple bites. The creme brulee was amazing and the fresh strawberries on top were very refreshing.The food here is great, it is just unfortunate how they don't have happy hour like at the one in Scottsdale.Oh DMV....  there are just no words that can truly capture the frustration.  Don't get me wrong, I don't want to skirt around the law or whatnot, but they could make it a bit easier/enjoyable.  I was just dropping off a tag which took about 2 seconds when I finally got called out of line... it was about 20mins of waiting.  I just felt bad for those that had trouble standing for long periods of time.  There was an elderly lady that was having the most trouble and she was leaning on the line posts occasionally.The whole situation is pretty sad if you think about it.  People are aggravated standing in line... walk up to the agent aggravated and takes it out on them (usually the case).... the agent is then disgruntled and "over" all the negativity... and the cycle continues until 5pm everyday when the lock the doors.  I would probably put some money on the fact that there is probably 5 minutes when the office is actually bearable from 8am-8:05am... then its just downhill from there.No complaints from me, I've used this location the last 2 years on different days and I was in and out in 15 minutes.....unheard of.  The service isn't the best but I don't care about that.....this is a DMV after all......just have your money, and info ready.  I was able to do this on my lunch hour with no problem, see ya next year.....I recently just moved here and thought I would save ya'll some time. So bring the following:1. North Carolina license

Server was excellent and I loved her accent.The entire restaurant was full by the time we left and people were waiting outside.

The Mac and Cheese, as my daughter, the Mac and Cheese aficionado put it, was not the best but pretty good.  My little taste confirmed that while it was good, It did not knock my socks off.The TNB Burger was the star.  The burger comes on a solid bun with a well cooked and seasoned burger patty topped with mac and cheese in a seared block and bacon jam on top with just a little kick.  THe taste was great, the burger was cooked perfectly.  My only complaint was that I had to keep putting the mac and cheese back in.The other things I noticed were the beautiful art on the wall, and the little couch sitting area. So here is the bottom line.  When evaluating a restaurant, you have to decide where there is room to improve.  You can usually improve on service with very little effort such as hiring a smooth waiter/waitress so the owner can stay behind the counter and run the kitchen to make sure the apps come out at the right time.  As for the food, if you don't have a good cook, you are doomed to repeat your mistakes.  In this case,the cook is very capable and has some very interesting options that work so my hopes for TNB is to see vast improvement as they settle back into their new location and perhaps get some needed help.  I look forward to returning in a month or so to see how it pans out.Sometimes it's hard to recapture the magic. Noticing that Truffles N' Bacon had relocated a short distance away from my house. I was very excited to dive into some brunch goodness. Sadly this did not happen, but what did happen was a mac n' cheese covered burger with bacon jam.  Not too shabby. My experience here wasn't the best. The menu was pretty bare and only had lunch items available, if you wanted breakfast you had to ask the server, who then had to ask the owner, who then had to come over an try to recollect the breakfast menu from memory. Hence why I went with TNB burger, which by the way, also isn't on the menu. I was on their old Yelp profile page and pointed to a picture and said... "That one"This TNB was pretty good. The burger was cooked perfect, the mac n' cheese was in abundance, the bun was super soft, but I wanted more bacon jam. What's the point of adding it to a burger in small amounts. Make it rain bacon jam!Sinful Tots. Bacon Jam, truffle oil, and carbs, what's not to love? Maybe the fact that only a quarter of the tots were covered. Still, I loved and devoured these salty treats. I'm assuming Truffles N Bacon is going through a new set of going pains. Hopefully the pain will subside and the new location will be just as good as the last one.The food was pretty good, however, the service could use some improvement. We waited about 20-30 min for our food, and the servers weren't very good at refilling water or coffee. I think if service improved then the overall experience would've been better. I would recommend the signature burger.I'd driven past the cute little happy pig sign proclaiming 'Truffles and Bacon' literally for years without being curious.  When they opened at the new location, I thought how nice a local place was expanding and made a mental note that maybe I should try it.  A friend went last week and gave a really good review of everything from the food to the decor so when I had time between work and a movie I wanted to see at Colonnade 14, the time for excuses was officially over.I love the airy feel of the location.  The artwork hung on pale blue walls is a nice contrast to the sunshine streaming through the windows.  It wasn't busy and the place looked spotless.  Our server was friendly and prompt.Craving grilled cheese since Vegas weather decided to slam on the brakes in Spring weather and revisit Autumn, I was super happy with Heather's Choice.  I wasn't sure I'd like bacon jam.  Now I'm positive, I love bacon jam!  My friend ordered the Mushroom BLT and said it was delicious.I know a 'connoisseur' of mac and cheese of sorts and I can't resist inviting her to a second visit.  You know, not because I'm dying to try the Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese or anything.....The name "Truffles n' Bacon" definitely lures customers. Saw this place and had to try it because who doesn't love bacon! From the cute blue pig character, to the modern french look to the restaurant, this place definitely looks appealing and a fun hang out. However, what brought down my rating for this place is the service and food. Sadly, upon siting and waiting, I got to see every table that came in after me order their food first and get served before someone came to take my order. The waiters seemed disorganized and the kitchen was slow. Now, I'm not someone who expect customer service or hasty food, but if you're going to make me wait and have terrible service, the food better make up for it. Well, it didn't. Tried several dishes and let's just say that nothing seemed fresh. The fries were stale and cold when served, any dish with biscuits just avoid completely because they are hard as a rock that my fork can't even break in, and the salad served on some of the dishes was so bad because the greens were almost brown. Now, one of their most popular dish is the burger with Mac n cheese. I would hope that the most popular dish is at least well made and it was the least disappointing dish. The burger has a bacon jelly and although it's interesting, it didn't taste like bacon, more like a sloppy joe mix. Now I was really excited about the mac n cheese but boy did that disappoint my burger. The mac n cheese did not stick together and fell apart as I ate, it had barely any taste to it, and hello....where was the cheese on the mac n cheese? Now I could go on about how there were only two ketchup bottles at the restaurant and how the two bottles available were empty or I could talk about the limited items on the menu and how it is over priced, but I think I've ranted enough. I feel like this place has the look but some changes need to be made with the staff and possibly the menu. The least the place can do is make their food fresh and of higher quality. Unless some changes are made, I don't think I'm coming back:/ sucks cause I love bacon (btw there weren't many items available with bacon).This was our first time here and it was highly recommended by friends of ours.  The place is cute, and has an open kitchen so you can tell the food is made fresh to order. The tables and chairs are clearly purchased second hand, which is not a problem but it definitely took away a little from the place.  When you are eating at a wobbly table and your chair has rips in the seat cushion it definitely takes character away from the place.  I had the chicken and waffles and it was 5 stars.  The chicken batter was amazing and it was cooked perfectly.  Lots of food for the money, brought more then half home.  My husband had 3x3x3 and he said it was below average.  They did his eggs wrong 3 time, so attention to detail is not their strong point.  While I would go back, he said never again.With a name like this, Truffles N Bacon Café has been on my radar for a while- I can appreciate a good truffle-flavored dish, but I'm not a fan of bacon. Oddly, it's their diverse menu of sandwiches that really caught my eye. I went with friend Shirley B's recommendation of the Jessie, but the mushroom BLT and Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese both beg me to make another visit.But I was underwhelmed by the SIMPLY JESSIE egg salad and smoked salmon on rye sounds both simple and delicious, but the salmon was minimal specks amid the salad, which barely held together and mostly ended up on the plate. I do like how they toasted one bread to help make the sandwich sturdier, but it didn't quite work. Added on a side of SINFUL TOTS for $2.50- nicely crispy bacon was the main topping, with a bit of cheese, a few pepperoncinis, and a slight essence of truffle oil detected on the fresh and crunchy tots. Good flavors, but slight missteps in execution.It's a cute, sunny spot with warm wood floors, bright color accents, and an absolutely darling server- who I believe was the owner? Service was great: friendly, attentive, exceedingly polite. Wish I hadn't taken my order to go, but their menu will eventually bring me back.Nothing screamed WOW to neither me nor my father. Service was okay, we were greeted promptly and told that we could sit anywhere we wanted (there was only one other group there during lunch hour). Our water came about 5 minutes after we were seated (far too long in my opinion considering the 4 staff members there, two of which were watching tv). They served us cucumber water from a dispenser (no visible cucumbers that we could see in our individual glasses) without informing us that there were cucumbers in it. It makes me question "what of someone was allergic to cucumbers and they weren't informed about it?" My father ordered the steak and eggs and asked for a medium rare cook on the steak...it was brought out well done. I ordered the TNB burger which tasted good but not worth the price, it came with a salad but the portion was very small. It seems to be a novelty restaurant, go once just to say you've been there. Most likely never coming back.went here to grab some brunch last Sunday with wifey and my good friend and decided let's try something new.. this place had been on my bookmarks for a while so I decided hey let's go get some. I will say that this place should offer more on the weekends than the weekdays as we were informed that their menu was very limited on Sunday and we should check out the full menu on weekdays.. kind of a bummer but let's get to the food. sinful tots- I honestly think this was their best dish who can resist tater tots smothered in bacon jam which by the way was something that I've never had before and truffle oil with some special sauce which tastes like thousand island? well not me or any of us at the table. we all thought as well that this dish outdid our entrees and I don't think that's a good thing. everything else was just bleh. service was great the people are really nice here and were very helpful. I think because it was our first time and it was a limited menu that day Ill give this place another shot.Ate there on 9/5/15. The atmosphere was nice. Hubby and daughter loved their food. Me, not so much. I Ordered the sinful tots because of previous reviews. I did not like it. They were very greasy. The piggie wedges on the other hand were very good. Had the steak and eggs. Wasn't a good piece of steak. I will try the place again but will order a salad or a sandwich. I think it deserves a second chance. Service was very slow. Had to ask for a box and ask for check but it was more quality time spent with my family.Great food... But probably the worst service ever. My sister ordered the steak and eggs, wanted the steak medium but it came well done. Never refilled our drinks, never checked back after the food was dropped, had to ask for water, and when she brought it to the table she dropped the whole tray on the ground and then still didn't bring us water after cleaning it up. It was my sisters birthday, so we brought a cake for them to bring out at the end of the meal, all they did was bring it to us in the box, didn't light the candles either... made us take it out of the box and light the candles ourselves. I'm not trying to be harsh, but this was one of the most ridiculous service experiences I've ever had. The food is great though! Just don't expect much in terms of service when you go there.3.5 stars. Friendly service, tater tots with bacon jam and truffle oil are off the hook! Lots of space. Lots of parking. Wait can be a little long though. When we were there, we only saw one person cooking. I would definitely come back for the tater tots and try a few more items.I have had Truffles & Bacon bookmarked for quite a while and finally made it in today. We were greeted immediately and sat quickly as it was pretty empty. I like the open kitchen and how it is decorated inside. I wanted to try the TNB burger but I was not going to pay $14.00 for a burger. We decided on the godgather mac & cheese (which is listed under "entrees") and the not your mama's grilled cheese with truffle fries. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time, again is was not busy at all. I was really surprised at how small the mac & cheese was. At $9.50 It was much more of a side dish than an entree. the flavor was very good though with lots of cheese. I didn't taste much of the buffalo chicken since it was small cubes of chicken. It also came with a green salad which was just sitting on the paper lining the tray it was served on, kind of strange. You can see how big the side salad is compared to the "entree". The grilled cheese was really good! The sourdough was grilled nicely and all of the flavors of the cheese, brisket, bacon jam and kale came through nicely. A really good sandwich. The truffle fries were also good, nice and crispy. A solid 3 stars for the service and the grilled cheese. I do think the prices are a little too high for what you get here.Wow.....wanted to love this place, but....my order came out and the waitress said to my husband: "what did you order??"  OMG!!  Really??!  So instead of taking my order back, she gave me mine (to eat in front of him) and asked again what he ordered???  Horrible service... Very strange....obviously she should have realized he was eating with me and asked about his order (that he clearly placed) sooner!!  And didn't see our server again.  Had to ask for sweetener and a glass of water.  P.S. my Monte Cristo was delish!! And my husband loved his breakfast. Bummer.Working at a nearby fitness studio, yes I know - work hard play hard right?! - I came here on a whim to try out a new place for lunch.Food: My favorite thing to try was the Sinful Tater Tots! I LOVE anything that includes the words "truffle oil" and these were not only soaked in that, but covered in the famous BACOM JAM that Truffles n Bacon makes so well! What a delicious treat to share!Service: The staff is very friendly and helpful, they give the restaurant a very local feel and make you feel like you're enjoying a meal with friends!Atmosphere: The seating is very comfortable and I love how there is an open kitchen.I love coming for brunch to have a little bit of savory with sweet...the waffles and the steak and eggs are on point!This family owned and operated restaurant, previously situated in the antique mall, has recently relocated to a nearby shopping center that was largely empty on the morning of our visit.  My wife ordered French toast with passion fruit maple syrup while I chose a Florentine frittata - 2 eggs, spinach, mozzarella that was drizzled with pesto.  I missed the little asterisk on the menu indicating my frittata would be accompanied by both hash browns and a biscuit with gravy.  For only the 2nd time in my life I gave biscuits and gravy a try, but could not get past the 2nd bite though the homemade biscuit would have been good with jam. I love most things pesto, but it did not work on the frittata and my wife's French Toast was nothing special.Let me start by saying the food was delicious but the service was terrible! Not once did they come by ask if we need a refill or how we were doing. I needed ketchup for my fries but never got it because she never came by after they dropped off our food. Took off 2 stars for the service but the food is good. I had there signature burger and it was outstanding. Probably won't come back now because it was so unwelcomingwent here for the first time on saturday 9/21/15. had steak and egg the wife had country scramble we split a waffle. bout a $37 - 38 bill. so you walk in seat yourself (we stood there for a minute). menus are paper on a clipboard. service isnt that good but its not horrible. the food was above average, steak was tender and waffle alil tough syrup was good. will come back to try lunch.3 stars because the food was good but we went there during the happy hour (2-4pm) and as listed on the website, with an order of an entree or a sandwich get any appetizers for $5... come to find out none of the crews know about & we had to show the website to them... then a few minutes after we ordered, the server came back telling us that they can only do the sinful tots for $5 and nothing else... i guess any means "limited to one appetizers"I had to try the signature appetizer of truffled bacon tater tots. Man, was it rich! I also had the Monte Christo sandwich- an item I rarely see on menus anymore. It was great. The toast was fluffy and the amount of meat was perfect.

Fresh Made Biscuits and Daily Strawberry Jam

- Excellent band

Enjoyed a very good evening here with a group of friends.  It was immediately that the management here cares about the customer.  I really appreciated the friendliness of the staff.  The 3 servers I've had the opportunity of experiencing were helpful with the food, but need more wine training/experience to be helpful with wine selections...kind of useful when you're a wine bar.We had a lot of food items here...as much because of the portion size as anything...and we paid more than anticipated to be full as a result.  Although most items were good, there is nothing we ate that I would specifically come back for...not one truly memorable item.  I listed what we tried in order of what I like the most:Tuna Tartare Tacos (a little on the small side, but tasty)

Fries with both sandwiches...best thing we had,crispyWe did not get a bread basket..I feel a bit cheated..by the time I realized no bread we were done eating.  Service was okay. But not getting the bread , I have to deduct a star.. I really wanted to be impressed but was disappointed.I had really been looking forward to eating here and scheduled my birthday lunch here while we were in Vegas.There were 4 of us and we were seated immediately for our 1pm reservation. I ordered a white peach margarita and it was delicious ($13). My husband got the margarita with the agave nectar in it and liked that as well ($16). I'd been studying the online menu for weeks and knew already that I was going to order the spicy chicken with sweet potato hash. The bread was really nice. I liked the cheddar and jalapeno best. It was spicy and yummy.We ordered the queso fundido to start. It was several cheeses (including goat!) with peppers and blue corn chips. YUMOLA!!!! This was delicious.Our entrees arrived and I cut into my poached egg and was unhappy to see the white was runny and gooey. That's not how a poached egg is supposed to be. A solid white, runny yolk is the norm. The hash was delicious, but some of the sweet potatoes were crunchy, not tender. They were clearly undercooked. My husband got the pork tenderloin sandwich and we were surprised to see it came cold.  I took a bit and did not like it, but he said he did. Our 2 other companions enjoyed their Mesa Burgers.I sent my dish back and waited about 15 minutes for a new one. A manager brought over the new one and apologized for the mistake. I cut into my poached egg once again and the white was solid - yay!  But the yolk was completely solid too - boo!  Why can't this place cook a poached egg correctly? I can do it and I can't cook worth shite.  So, the manager came back to ask how it was and I told him I've been waiting months to come here and I'm pretty unhappy with the way this dish came out. So he said he was sorry once again and said he would remove it from the bill. Nice, but not what I wanted for my birthday lunch.Even though it was my birthday, they didn't offer us a gratis dessert. We looked at the menu and nothing really stood out, so we passed.  Disappointed overall, but parts of the meal were good enough for 3 stars.after years of watching bobby on throwdown, I was really looking forward to find out what I had been missing. to desribe my experience in 1 word; disappointing .the shrimp tamale appatizer was the highlight of the meal. the grouper was bland. the chocalate bread pudding was tasteless (was removed from bill). the bar is set high coming to a restaurant owned by a famous chef. for me, they did not deliver. too many other and better choices in vegas.A credit card to guarantee a reservation or a $50 per person no show fee. Really!Wednesday night was busy but we were seated and served promptly. The waitress knew her product and made several valid suggestions. The wine list was not large but sufficiently diverse to serve almost any taste. We chose a mid priced French pinot noir which was well received.Cocktails at $15 + were pricey but good quality. Our starters of soup, salads and shrimp were unremarkable but no complaints. The entrees varied from lamb to crusted tuna and were generous portions without the need for sides. I personally chose the tuna and requested as rare as possible - I wasn't disappointed.With coffee for all and one desert, our bill was $375 plus tip. The $100 coupon I was using was rather loudly announced to my guests which I didn't appreciate.  Overall, a pleasant dinner but I felt a little rushed for a restaurant of this quality.Bobby Flay is one of my Food Network idols, and so we decided to go dine there during our week-long stay in Las Vegas. The night before, we had excellent Bone-in Rib Eye Steak at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak (Las Vegas), and couldn't wait to see how Mesa Grill would stack up.The decor was very nice and modern inside the Caesar's Palace, with staff just lined up and ready to serve.Our waiter highly recommended the following signature items:Partida Margarita

-You will feel like you are at bootcamp, this is not a zen relaxing kind of yoga

I came here for a conference and the room was alright.  I didn't expect much and I didn't plan to spend a lot of time in the room anyways.  The service to check in was good, though when it is busy, expect to wait.  The food downstairs was pretty good, but I would avoid the casino food.  The pools are nice with places for both children and adults.Verdict:

 It is really good, portios are fresh and humungous, just not quite the joy I expect.

- TV has very limited channels and doesn't have my beloved Food Network

- Reasonably priced

$12 kidsThe Mandalay Bay Shark Reef was cool to experience but towards the end I had seen enough and was ready to leave. It was very humid inside and I always felt I was in someone's way.Touching a few stingrays was the highlight of this exhibit.But, for the price to get in. I wouldn't  go again. TIP: Get the 3 attractions for $57.00 deal at the Luxor and you can pick two other things to do for a great price!Perhaps this is unfair as we went to the Monterrey Bay Aquarium last summer. If you have little kids (10 and under?) that need a little fun on the strip, you could do worse.It's not so big (45 minutes?) and not terrible. It just suffers in comparison to other (real) aquariums. So: Good for kids, cute souvenir photos available, near the (totally delicious) Border Grille, also at the Mandalay. Nothing special unless you haven't been to another aquarium in the last few years.Very disappointed with my visit here was definitely not worth the time and money... I did however purchase the 3 for $57 so we chose this the Secret Garden at mirage and Bodies the exhibition at Luxor which in my opinion was the best of the 3!Shark Reef Aquarium..... I like Sharks , reefs, and aquariums .... So i went . Pretty damn cool if i do say so myself , I got to pet a sting ray (which scared the crap out of me by moving slightly, may be a deep fear of knowing what they did to Mr. Irwin) The sunken ship aquarium was very cool with a huge variety of fish, sharks, manta's, and turtles. One of my favorite things to do at an aquarium is make fun of the ugly and funny looking fish, i know they cant hear me but i like to think they can, either way this aquarium had no shortage of them. So between telling the jellyfish they had no central nervous system and trying to stop myself from laughing at the shark with a saw for a head I had a pretty damn good time. The only criticism i have about this place is the start of the tour where I'm pretty sure they threw a dead alligator and dead komodo dragon in cages to attract more customers, that and the drunk Australian tour guide who was trying to explain to everyone the difference between creationism and evolution ... whatever mate. If your in town and got 16 bucks to spare (and don't mind sobering up for an hour) check it out. And don't worry jellyfish have no feelings or emotions, they can take it.--HOW TO GET THERE--

And that's just my half salad.

Other than that, nothing really is that great, and they don't offer than much stuff.  I like more variety of food and desserts to fill my stomach and make it hurt that not even pepto bismol will soothe my pain!!I wouldn't go out of your way to try this place but if you do decide to go, please o' please try the crepes!Although this buffet is good, compared to others on the strip it's not one of the best.  We came here more for those long eiffel tower cups that you can fill to the top with margarita to sort of kill two birds with one stone and fill our hungry stomachs as well.  This buffet is convenient in that its right in the heart of the strip and close to all the other casinos if you want to walk off your food and check out what else Vegas has to offer.   Wait was a good 45 minutes but I did like the crab legs with butter and lemon...mmmm.   There's also bottomless wine that comes with your meal so if we didnt already have drinks in hand and was buzzing, we'd take advantage of that as well.I love going to Vegas for their buffets. I would rate the Paris Buffet in the B+ zone. It is good and worth the wait. However, if you are already going to spend this much on a buffet let alone eat this much, I would go the whole nine yards and go to the Wynn Buffet. What I especially like about this buffet is the the King crab legs. I've never had such good, easily cut crab and I am a huge fan of crab. This made it worth the price.Weekend holiday prices doesn't generally mean weekend holiday food.  Why charge extra when the menu is generally the same!? Came here yesterday (Sat) around 1 pm - line was ~ 15 minutes.  Nothing really stood out.  Even so, Paris is still as others have said... a "safe bet".  It has all the standard breakfast items, sushi rolls, crab legs, shrimp, prime rib.  Dropping a star because prices have gone up but the quality of food has weakened a tad.  I would still go to this buffet if we didn't want to wait 45 minutes at Wynn or Bellagio.Pro's - Good food.Con's - Long line for brunch.

Once the "New Restaurant" jitters are gone, and they have there Martorano's mojo going!Martoranos.  This was the toughest review to write from my last trip, and not sure I'll convey what happened in this review but I'll try.We visited the new location in the Paris Las Vegas hotel on 10/21/14.  We had walked by it during the day, thought it looked cool...liked the menu...so researched it a bit while sitting at the pool and decided that we had to go, seeing how SO MANY celebs and notable people ranked Chef Martorano's food SO high!  So we were pretty excited to check it all out and enjoy a great meal.We were seated on time at a table on the 'outside' of the restaurant, so we didn't get that movies on the wall, disco ball in the center kind of experience...but did enjoy the al fresco style dining and people watching in the Paris shops area.Right next to us was a group of 8 conventioneers, who were a bit loud from time to time and seemed to dominate the service as you will see below.We were greeted by Georgio (hope I spelled that right) after a good 5-10 minutes of perusing the menu on our own.  He dropped off an iPad with the drink menu, took our "flat or sparkling" water order, and explained the specials for the night, which I took note of a seafood selection that he described as a "seafood party in your mouth"...something about that was both comical and odd...not sure why though.  We quickly found out that the iPad was malfunctioning, if you pressed on anything it would just freeze.  So we were unable to check out any kind of special drink selection (we were thinking martini style special followed by some wine with dinner).  Georgio then became a bit occupied with pouring wine for the conventioneers so we were able to flag down his 'assistant' Jason (I think he was an assistant, or in training or something) who quickly brought us a new iPad.  Georgio then came back and took our order...not asking if we'd like to start with an appetizer, not asking if we'd like a drink, but simply saying "are you ready to order"...which led to her saying "yeah I want the martini, the seafood special..." him looking at me so i had to say "I want a Manhattan up with Makers, we're splitting the eggplant parm and I'll take the Buitoni Meatball"...just not how you serve a couple in a high end establishment.So then another 10 minutes passed.  The restaurant was about 70% full and the bar was not busy.  We had no drinks and had been sitting there for a total of 25 minutes.  Jason kept looking and then came over to say "didn't you guys order drinks?" to which he promptly went to the bar and resolved..bringing us our drinks moments later.Our eggplant parm arrived shortly thereafter and I have to say it was AWESOME!!  Probably the best I've had..and was a perfect size to split with a date.After clearing the plates and then taking a wine order (glasses, not a full bottle) the night seemed to be moving more smoothly....until the entrees.My entree came out but her food did not.  Jason was kind enough to explain that the food was all cooked fresh to order and sent as soon as it was ready, that they didn't hold anything in the kitchen.  Ok, I'm cool with that.  But who knew a buitoni (think thick linguini) and meatball cooked 5-10 minutes quicker than some seafood (clams, shrimp, etc..seafood party) over linguni?  Throughout this whole process, Jason was super attentive to our needs and seemed to really try and keep things going...while Georgio was busy trying to be cool, pouring drinks for the big convention table, and coming up with cheezy Italian style lines to say to everyone.The manager actually came over and apologized, and first offered another glass of wine (which we both had a full glass) so we declined..then said "well, just pick out a desert and we'll take care of it for you"...seemed to me a nice gesture and the right thing to do.Her food finally came out and I do have to say we both LOVED our meals.  I had the best friggin' meatball ever and she had an awesome seafood dish.  The food at this place is worth every penny of the price.Jason continued to check in on us, making sure things were going smooth...while Georgio continued posturing for everyone.  Ever see a person who thinks he's a special gift to everyone, and has no clue he is actually really cheesy and borderline annoying?  Anyway...We went on to split a desert (thinking this was on the house)...tiramisu.  Now, I'm not even a fan of tiramisu but holy smokes..it was AWESOME!!We were then brought the bill...which of course did not have the desert or anything comped...but at that point we didn't really want to make a big deal and just settled up.  Funny that on our way out, we asked to have our photo taken and who stepped up?  Yep, Jason!  We thanked him for taking care of us all night and actually tipped him separate, fearful that the tip on the bill would all go to Georgio.  My hope is that if anyone from the restaurant reads this, GIVE JASON A PROMOTION!  He was outstanding!!Food: 5  Georgio: 2  Jason: 5  Mgr: 1My wife likes the Matarano story, bought the book, I kind of read a few parts. Great story, pretty good recipes, and was pretty excited to try the new place in the Paris. Went for lunch and was impressed by the trendy upscale decor..Had sports and a n old gangster movie on the t.v.s. I like both so cool. We ordered the bucatini carbonara and the bucatini meatball with red gravy, and truffle fries...both pasta dishes were pretty good. Carbonara had the white Parmesan sauce which was my favorite, other one was pretty solid with one good sized delicious meatball..good but $28 at lunch time good???not sure..Truffle fries were flavorful slash a.little salty..$80tab for lunch seems to make me not like it as much as I hoped..Maybe I'll return for dinner to give a fair review..Cool and friendly waiter was a plus..#yocuz Lower ur lunch prices..haha..My mother and I came here for lunch, around 11:30am. We had never been here before and wanted to try it out. We had a really cool server, and the drink I ordered was amazing. Except the fact it was kettle one, and $14. Not cool. The salad was good honestly. Then the spaghetti and meatballs came out. The meatball (yes it is just one huge meatball) and honestly, it was not that good. Anyone can simmer some tomatoes and put salt in it. I was not impressed. And it was $27 for tomato sauce. I do not plan to go back here. Ever. Save yourself money seriously.Very limited lunch menu, food overall was good, not the best Italian Ive had but not the worst either. When we asked for bread our waitress said they only serve bread during lunch hours..hm, ok. Im giving them only 3 stars because the experience was boring, we were the only guests at the restaurant. Probably wont go back..I'll start by saying that the Service was excellent.  Our waiter was super attentive and extremely friendly.We ordered the salad and meatball as the appetizer.  It was excellent.  For the main course I ordered the Spaghetti di avolo and my finace ordered the lamb Bolognese.  Both dishes were extremely salted.  It pretty much ruined any flavor of the herbs and spices that the sauce had.  I couldn't even finish half of my plate.The drinks were good.  Overall, the service is top notch but the food was borderline inedible.  Just like anything in Vegas, this was expensive, but I think I would have gotten something better tasting for the money we spent there.A relatively new restaurant in between Bally's and Paris, which replaced another Italian restaurant. I will say this place is much better than the previous restaurant, but that's about it.

2. Clean rooms for less than $100 a night

I've had two dining experiences at this restaurant and they are completely different from another. One enjoyable and one not so much. So I asked myself why. Was it the atmosphere, or maybe the time frame? My first time dining at the Yard House was 3 years ago around 7, maybe 8pm. Let's just say cocktail hour. Haha. I couldn't stop drooling over the huge selection of craft beers. Again this was 3 years ago. Other restaurants didn't have such a variety at the time which made their beer list quite impressive. I tasted ever beer at least once and some a few times. :-)   I ordered the crab and artichoke dip as an appetizer and fruity cocktails for my main dish. I was on a date so I appreciated the dim lighting. I think the candles were even scented. Or Maybe I was just buzzed. Either way I enjoyed my evening.My second time was yesterday about 2pm. In my opinion this restaurant was to loud and lacked intimacy. I was disappointed. Due to slow service I only had time for 3 cocktails. It's a brewery for goodness sake. I felt like I was in a school cafeteria. I didn't know whether to eat my food or start a food fight. I was terrified. Kids were running around everywhere. I was waiting for the servers to get trampled. I will never step foot in The Yard House before 8pm.Friendly staff , some items are better than others.  Did not like the salad, the veggie pasta was bland. The Korean short ribs were thin strips of tough meat.Burgers, chicken wings, French fries, chicken fingers good.I have come here multiple times and I've always enjoyed the food. It's nice if you can sit on the outside patio if it's not too hot outside. The servers have always been very nice. My favorite dish is the Shitake garlic noodles. It's an appetizer but works well as a meal. Also the onion ring tower is a winner with the parmesan cheese. One consistency I've noticed is it takes awhile until your entree is served. It doesn't seem to matter how busy it is.Alright, so I went here for the first time with a huge group of co workers, and I got here early because they do not take reservations, and every time my co workers have come here for shin-dings they have had to wait a ridiculous amount of time. But this time I was seated quickly and we were served very fast, in and out.So this review is based mostly on the fact that they have a very good vegetarian menu that even meat eaters love. I am talking about the most amaze-balls buffalo tofu wings I have ever eaten, ever. Some of my co workers even got some for themselves they taste so bloody great. Their veg menu is much more than salads and veggie burgers, they have fish 'n chips, chicken wings, fried wings, and even meatballs. They also have some very good truffle fries and a California rolls app that is one huge circle of rice, fish, and ginger. And for those who like alcohol they have a huge selection of draft beers and wines. HUGE.Down sides are that they do not take reservations, lighting is very dim, especially outside, and wait staff can be slow at times. I once had my water filled all over twice after I told them to just bring me a bunch- I am eating buffalo wings for cripes sake! Anyways, other than a few hit and misses this place is a good place to come with a bunch of friends, but it is pretty pricey considering.Nothing to be excited about anymore. Yard house has become so huge over the years, that It feels as if their standards have lowered since they are so well knows these days. They're at almost 400 reviews, so that can say a lot about a company. High volume of business can lead to neglect of customers such as myself. Repeatedly, it never fails that my drink sits empty before being refilled for at least 5-10 minutes. Every time. Without fail. Food quality seems to be lowering, due to the success of the company. No need to win over customers anymore. Management even walked right by our table, seeing my empty glass along with my husbands and did not even blink. Fries were cold, asada tacos cold along with rice and beans. Mercadito next door is a hundred times better.Came in on a slow Thanksgiving Eve afternoon for a few beers and to watch a game.  Jocelyn, my bartender was very friendly and attentive.  Enjoyed the Woodchuck Pumpkin Cider as well as their House White Ale and a Hoegaarden.   Lobster dip was also good, with plenty of pitas and chips to dip.  So why only three stars?  Unfortunately it is due to poor customer service from management. I politely asked Jocelyn if I could have the tv above the bar turned to a college hoops game as there was no one on my corner of the bar.  She was happy to ask the two managers working on the tap system to change it for me.  They both told her they were busy with the taps and "she could do it if she wanted to."   I'm not a brewmaster so I have no idea how many white shirts it takes to fix a tap system but I am familiar with proper customer service and that's not it. I politely waited 40 minutes (the entire first half of the game) to inquire again.  Jocelyn apologized saying she had thought management had gotten to it.  She asked once again and 30 minutes later....still nothing.  I eventually just moved to a table in view of a tv showing the game.  Not a huge deal but certainly annoying.   Hence the minus two stars.Our waitress was friendly and good. My friend really enjoyed her Parmesan crusted chicken. I loved the fries, the sliders were okay. The reason this doesn't rate higher is because I had to use the flashlight on my phone for us to be able to see the menu and what ever menu i looked at online did not match what was in the restaurant. Had i seen the one from the restaurant we would not have gone. What kept the total reasonable was the happy hour price on the sliders and my friends choice of dish.Yard House is a staple in the late-night-casual-hangout category for me. In that aspect, this Yard House did not disappoint! They are located inside the Red Rock Resort, with the usual Yard House setup. Lots of tables, good for group, and a fantastic beer selection. I would absolutely go back for drinks with a group of friends. The food at this location was a bit below average- it was all okay (pasta, appetizers), but nothing stood out as great. Unfortunately, our waiter was basically unable to answer any questions about the food or the beers. Something I usually enjoy at Yard House is how knowledgable the staff is about the beer.  Pros/Cons for going with a large group:They split the check by customer (so it was easy to see what you ordered and total up how much each of us owed), although we then waited more than 30 minutes for our cards and cash to be taken.Loved yard house back a few years ago, haven't been for about a year and today just made me decide I will never return. The food was not what it used to be. My husbands pizza was soggy and my tacos were very bland, our server was great and she got me to out three stars instead of one.Kinda nice food. Just had tacos. Prices are cheap. I guess people will compromise with eating mediocre dog shit these to save a buck. The foods good, but I like Capitol grill much better. Mannequin kept harassing me out front to buy pretzels. Took us about 3 hours waiting for our check on a semi busy Monday around 7pm. Fiddle sticksGreat selection of beer.  This chain restaurant claims to have the most biggest beer selection and while they do have a lot, I doubt they have the largest.  The calamari and nachos were just okay.  I had a beer flight that was great.  I would go back just for the atmosphere and beer.  I also would like to try more of the food.The food here is really good! I had the Hawaiian five o, which was really good :) definitely get the tuna roll! Yum! The service however wasn't very good. We had Olivia. She had 5 tables and we only got her attention ever 1/2 hour or so. We were at the restaurant for about 2 hours for a friends b-day party. But it isn't even her fault that I am giving the service a negative review. It is the fact that we had 3 servers walk by while we raised our hands and tried to speak with them to get there attention. These servers only serve their section. That's it. The only one we were able to get her attention was the training lead. Unacceptable. Hopefully this was a one time fluke...Some have said that if you've been to one Yard House that you've been to them all.. and I would agree, however, the beer selections vary. So does the atmosphere (to me), and (as I recently discovered) the food does as well. Nursing my hangover we decided to head to this Yard House as it was a little closer to our house. I was craving a good turkey burger and a salad. We had previously visited the Linq Yard House location and figured this one shouldn't be too different, right? Wrong.The turkey burger had many more extras added into the meat (veggies and such) than I had at the other location. Maybe it was a fluke, maybe not. My turkey burger was also missing arugula. The menu did look the same as the Linq location... however the service was a little off... but not enough to keep me from coming back to enjoy some tasty beers on that lovely patio! That patio tho! Booths and bar table (comfortable) seating, plenty of tvs and lots of fans. View of the parking lot but beyond that, the mountains. If anything, go for the nice atmosphere outside and the crazy selection of beer!It's another Yard House. It resembles the other locations. I still prefer the Town Square location. The staff here seem to be less friendly and less attentive. And the wait always seems to be longer too. When our server asked if we wanted separate checks, and we said yes, a 20 minute debacle ensued as she had no clue who had ordered what. Not enjoyable. The ambiance here is the same as any other Yard House. The food and beer is the same too. (Duh, it's a chain.) I like that the beers rotate enough to keep things interesting. And while the beer list isn't crazy beer snob-ish, there's enough to tantalize most beer palates. And while the food isn't gourmet or necessarily crave-worthy, it's good enough to satisfy most foodies.  My particular favorites are the queso (it's actually a bit unique) and the mac 'n' cheese (it's chock full with multiple cheeses, bacon, and chicken). The bernaise sliders are also a fav. But they've stopped putting the bernaise sauce on the burgers and just serve it on the side. (Hint: The bernaise sauce makes for a nice fry dipping sauce.) Everything else I've had here has been just fine. There's been nothing I wouldn't eat. But it's also not a place I come to unless someone else suggests it. All in all, it's an a-ok spot.Something happened here. They started out strong since they opened but their service has dwindled. For some reason the servers seem somewhat distant from their customers. They were great to deal with for so long but now it is not enjoyable. Sure, the micros are great but there is an abundance of great microbrews in the area to enjoy that have great service. I hate to say it but it is typical of established operations to fall into this comfort trap. I hate to see it happening to the Yard House but it is happening. Hope they can turn this around.I had the vodka shrimp pasta and it was great. My husband got the ham and pineapple pizza and it was terrible. We even attempted to drown it in ranch to mask the flavor. The pizza actually tasted like I made it at home with pillsbury dough from the grocery store and then let my children put the toppings on it. The service was okay at best. Our server wasn't particularly friendly but not technically rude.Had a good decent Cobb Salad, fish tacos won't be a repeat, tasteless and presentation of the whole dish unappetizing.However, the Yardhouse Restaurants I've eaten at in Southern California were great!Yard house always sounds great, but I can never say "what a great choice" or "the food hit the spot" to me it's more of a lets kill some time & hang out at yard house. Sad because every single time I visit it takes a long time for my food & drink..... Ugh even on dead nights!Standard Yard House. Nothing is great, but there's a lot of decent food. Food always seemed to take forever coming out.Pricey food. Mac and cheese  and beer were great. You can  have better chicken lettuce wraps at PF Changs, truffle fries are better at Bachi Burger. The tacos are too overpriced and you're better off getting them cheaper from a real Mexican restaurant. It might best for them to stick to American food.I'd have to say variety accounts for most of the appeal of Yard House..They have by far the largest draft beer selection of anywhere I've ever seen, available in a variety of glass sizes. Pair that with an overwhelming selection of interesting items and you have a menu full of food and drink that will appeal to everyone.This makes Yard House an ideal place for large parties and group gatherings. It might not amaze everyone, but all are pleased with the amount of choices available.I've had some great food at YH locations and some very forgettable meals.  So while the menu is extensive and generally very appealing, not everything is great.The location at Red Rock is a pretty good one. It's conveniently located and usually not too busy. The restaurant usually appears full but I've never had to wait for a table. The beer selection is stellar, but tonight, both my pints (grapefruit sculpin and victory IPA) came out lightly chilled. I don't know about you, but I like my beer as cold as it can get before crystallizing. I know restaurants never serve beer that incredibly cold, but a place meant for beer should at least serve their beer cold enough to be called cold. Just a little disappointing to pay $7.50 for a nearly warm pint.The food was kinda off tonight too. I got blackened swordfish tacos, which were a little salty, but pretty good. I usually have a burger here and I think I'll probably stick to their sandwiches from now on.  My wife tried a BBQ chicken pizza and it just seemed very uninspired. It was served warm, cheese had no flavor, sauce was way too sweet.. She only had a slice.I recommend their appetizers and beer highly, though. If you can make it during happy hour, this place is great!HH is solid: Mon-Fri 3-6PM (and a late-night version) with food and drink specials. The food is consistent, I prefer to sit at the bar for quick service. Poke stack ($13 regular, $8 HH) is one of the better deals but prepare yourself for an overwhelming amount of shredded carrots. The lettuce wraps (chicken or mushroom) can easily make an entire meal. Everything I've had here is generally "A-OK" but nothing to rave about.Heads up: if you are doing the gluten-free thing, pick another dining option. My coworker was limited to salads and protein, as none of their sides are safe. The server we had made her dietary restrictions sound frivolous, too, and now this spot is out of our regular rotation.I met my family here after arriving at Red Rock. We all met up for drinks and some small bites. No one was really at the front when we entered, but we found our relatives pretty quick because they were all seated at a booth near the front. The service was kinda weird here. I ordered passion fruit iced tea and my relatives all got drinks from the bar. They all got their drinks first and I had to wait a while for my tea. We also ordered an Ahi tuna stack and we got that before I got my iced tea. It was kinda annoying because I was super thirsty. A couple minutes after we got our appetizer my iced tea finally came. It kinda tasted off though, like a diet iced tea, bleh. I ended up just drinking water for the rest of the time we were there. The Ahi stack was ok. The tuna was good, the wontons tasted like they were fried in old oil though and there was just a huge amount of daikon and carrots that were pretty bland. The sauce on the plate was a really gross brownish green color that wasn't very pretty. It was a wasabi soy sauce, it tasted good though, not too overpowering. I haven't been to a Yard House in a while and they've really redone their menu. There's a lot of interesting stuff on their menu that I actually wanted to try. I didn't get to this time around though because we planned to go to dinner somewhere else. I might actually try out Yard House again to check out their new menu.The food is good but the service is SO SLOW. If you have time to burn then this place is a great option because you are definitely not getting out of here in a reasonable amount of time. I'm not sure if it is because they are under staffed or what the reason but the service was inexcusably slow. The food is yummy but a little pricy, however, I think that this place lends itself to a certain clientele. So the higher price is kind of expected at a place like this.We eat here regularly because the food is amazing and the service is impeccable however today there was a live fly in my food and the younger Hispanic manager chose to ignore that fact when it was brought up by our waitress.  I would not have wanted a discount of any kind I was just disappointed that he ignored the incident.Yard House has never really been my favorite place, until I was introduced to happy hour. Not only do they offer great deals on beer and cocktails but the food specials are fantastic. The portion size is good enough for a party of 3 at the most. We ended up ordering the chicken nachos which by the way were absolutely delicious and the best part was, that it was good enough for 4 people.

It is a bed and breakfast, so lets start with the breakfast. After touring Ireland and staying in several bed and breakfasts, I was a little disappointed. Basically it is a continental breakfast with bread and boiled eggs. So yeah, I wasn't impressed. I would of liked more "montreal" breads and in-season fruit.Bed

**No samples

Now the negative. This place is definitely geared towards a more American crowd.  This may not be a negative to most people but to me it is.  It was disappointing that they did not have a variety of banchans.  They were out of most of the popular items on their menu. When asking for a fork, it's a plastic fork. It's a bit disappointing since this place looked so upscale.

The food was good and I enjoyed all of it.  After eating, my friend and I waited. And waited. And waited. Nobody stopped by to check on us, clear the plates, and see if we wanted the check. It was after lunch rush hour, and was not very busy in the restaurant.  We waited probably around 10-15 minutes before anyone stopped by the table.  When we got the check, there was a side order of guac on the check.  I put money in the checkbook, but kept it close, so I could point out the small discrepancy. Again though, we had to wait.  Another 5-10 minutes before the waitress came to take the checkbook. She was fine with removing the guac from the bill, as I had not ordered or used it. The change came back quick. Overall, the food was great, but the service was poor.  I'd like to go back and hopefully have a better service experience and try some of the tequila based drinks!Rednecks rejoice!  Your nirvana exists on earth.  In Chandler, no less!  While some see Disneyland as a vacation destination, those who buy PBR with welfare checks and name their kids Jethro daydream of visiting the Disneyworld of Redneckdom--Bass Pro Shops.  This place insanely huge and over-the-top theme park-esque. If you're looking for quality camping and hiking gear, go to the AZ Hiking Shack or REI.  If yer lookin tuh gear up fer yer re-enactment of RedDawn, Bass is the place.  Just be warned that some of the dudes in the gun dept are self-important douchetard virgin (not by choice) desert hicks who have nothing better to do than talk down to customers who don't read every issue of Guns N Ammo & Soldier of Fortune from cover to cover every month. So, if you want quality service while shopping for a new gat, Bass Pro is a gamble. If you want to buy a firearm without be talked down to by one of these morons, go to Scottdale Gun Club instead.5 stars for insane, over-the-top merchandising.5 stars for one of the biggest selections of fishing rods I've ever seen.3 stars for prices.1 star for customer service (at least in the gun dept)and negative 3 stars for all the 4' lifted little pecker trucks in the parking lot.P.S.  "Wolverines!"P.P.S. I love this place.P.P.P.S. Cabela's can suck it.THIS REVIEW IS FOR BASS PRO'S  RESTAURANTAtmosphere, Atmosphere, Atmosphere I make a pilgrimage to this place about every three months. The food is average and overpriced. The service is OK. And there is usually one good Pale Ale on tap and overpriced. It is kinda like going to Disneyland. You know you are going to take in the shorts but you go anyway. You go to live the dream if only for an hour or two. If you ever went fishing as a kid or wished you had,  grab your wallet or purse and eat here asap.We took the Girl Scout troop here tonight. They have some free activities for the kids every Tuesday during the summer months. They got to practice a little archery, and after that we sent them on a fake shopping spree. We wanted to see what they would buy for $250. They came back with everything from pooling their money for a kayak to $250 in fresh fudge. It was a fun time.The place itself was not really a place I would go out of my way to shop or feel I need to travel to for supplies. Just a bit too hunter for me, but I can see why it's a popular place. I still prefer LL Bean. :-)This place is ok if you want to fill a Xmas list for all the hunters you know. They never have any Glock stuff...always out. Took my CCW class here and they were awesome. So it is Hit or Miss on selection.I don't hunt, I don't fish, and no bloody clue about how to trap - but I have to say this place facinates me - I mean they have EVERYTHING for your outdoorsy needs - Gear check, lingerie with camo check, Lazy Boy in Hunting Motif check - 2 stories that go on for miles of stuff - This must be what George Carlin was talking about - but really friendly staff and lots of directionaly signs - so where did they say that freeze dried ice cream was again?OMG - no I'm not a pre-teen, I only like to talk like one when I'm so excited about a place.This place is amazing.  I never would have considered coming here if my friend had not needed something and promised me lunch if I went with her.  I don't fish or hunt or do most outdoorsy things, but this place is so cool.There is a river and fish and a climbing wall and a fudge shop!  Yes, a fudge shop; with very good fudge BTW.They have everything one would need for the outdoor life and look forward to going back and spending more time going thru most departments (can't see going thru hunting, but you never know).One and only caveat so far, slow check out.  I went there the day after black Friday and was in a long line with only 1 checker.  1.  ONE.  - They finally brought one other person but didn't seem to make much of a dent.  I hope it's not always like this.Can you say overpriced? I can, and everything in this store minus their $3 hats is over priced. Cabellas is much better Can't believe Mesa chose this over the Cardinals stadium. They have a lot of things that a person may want but the good things are double what you'd pay online. NEVER EVER buy a gun or a nice knife here you will pay the most. The Ammo is moderately priced but the selection is great Wal Mart and the gun show have cheaper ammo but the nice stuff can be bought here without to much thought. One thing they do that is AWESOME is they will mount and bore sight any scope you have even if you did not buy it from them.I read about kids night online and I thought it was a great idea. You want a person to buy your products? Teach a person how to use your products. When the boys and I got to the archery range we met employee Justin. I let him know the skill level of my boys, which is none. After signing the liability waiver he gave my 9 year old kids bows and then sat down for a break, this concerned me somewhat but he was the expert. While my boys were hitting everything but the targets Justin had nothing to say no advice no recommendations no education. After about 30 minutes another employee showed up and noticed that my right handed boy was using a left handed bow and my left handed boy was using a right handed bow. After having the boys switch bows and giving them a short lesson they started hitting the targets more and the wall and ceiling less. After a few minutes more sitting down was difficult for Justin and he decided that our time was up in a few arrows. I looked to see how long the line of people waiting was and no one was there, Justin was just not in the mood to be helpful.  I don't know who the older employee was as he did not have a nametag but he was definitely helpful. One of the reasons I took the boys to this was to see if they were interested in learning archery and if I should buy them archery items for Christmas.  The answer to that was a resounding NO!!! While the store undoubtedly has the equipment for many outdoor sports it does not have the training. I am not going to buy thousands of dollars in equipment that will probably end up being the wrong equipment. I am not in the habit of buying anything that I do not know how to safely use. I have never been fishing but I would have liked to take them. I have never used a bow but I would have liked to take them. Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach a man to fish and he will teach his kids how to fish and buy the fishing gear. For the record, every other employee I met was great. From the greeter to the fudge guy to the cashier they were great.I have some mixed feelings about this place. The place looks amazing. I've had a great experience in the gun dept. Those guys are very knowledgeable and helpful.my complaints are with the archery dept. I was looking for a youth compound bow. I asked them to set it up. They said "it's all ready to go" I asked about the eye piece they said they couldn't do it at the time. I took it home to shoot it, I destroyed 3 arrows. I took it over to ROSS OUTDOORS. they tuned it, got it dialed in. And loved it. Thanks to ROSS OUTDOORS.

- I don't ever try to sell/trade anything. There's no point. The buyers are very inconsistent and it's completely subjective and left to their personal taste. But that's the way it usually is, anyway.- You do have to devote some time to the racks. But you can find things here if you try. "So you're not going to take these jeans because after an hour of scrutiny over this one tiny run in the fabric they're just not of good enough quality? Yet this leather jacket with the pen-stabbing HOLE in the front is $30? ...How about half off?""25%"

Tip: if ambience is most important to you and especially if you are staying at the hotel, you can't go wrong with Bellagio spa. However if you are concerned with making sure you absolutely get your money's worth for both service and ambience, I would suggest venturing out to encore, where I've had consistent above average service and excellent spa ambience.This is a nice spa. The downfall: it is an older spa. The newer spas,like the ones at Aria, give the spa at Bellagio a run for it's money. The service at the Bellagio is very friendly. The showers and amenities are lovely. There is an area for Jacuzzis and a cold dip. There is a sauna and a steam room. Inside the spa, there is a tranquility room. It is a room that one can go to after their treatments, although one can request to go there before their treatments. It has waterfall sounds along with different lighting changes and the light is turned down in order to allow for relaxation. I had the Bellagio signature facial which was quite nice and I had a very good esthetician.So what is not as great: As already mentioned, it is an older spa so it is still crystal clean but there is an older feel to it. The tranquility room was a letdown. I was at the spa a few years ago and the tranquility room was incredible. Some changes have been made to the room but the biggest issue was that the room was way too warm and that was not comfortable. As well, there are not many beds available so it is hard to get a bed or Long chair to relax in. The worst part for me is the sheer amount of people that were there. We started our treatments at 1 PM. At 3 PM, the spa was completely full. There were way too many people to truly relax. Also, be aware that inside The spa, from the waiting room inside the spa to the tranquility room, it is coed so men and women are all equally present in robes.It is a nice spa, but it is not a phenomenal spa. Having had the privilege of going to many spas in Vegas, this is very average to me. I would want to go back if there we're only a few people and I could actually relax.Fair but not great BBQ place.This is based on 2 take-outs from Rub about 2 weeks apart.  The first was a 3 meat sampler and a pulled pork sandwich.  The 3 meats were burnt ends, brisket and St. Louis ribs.  Sides were the greens, fries and potato salad.When I got home I noticed that there was absolutely no sauce whatsoever.  NONE.  Nothing on the side, nothing on the meats, nothing on the sandwich.  Pulled pork with no BBQ sauce?Anyway, the pulled pork was fairly good about the same quality as Memphis.  The brisket was okay but not outstanding.  I thought the St. Louis ribs were fairly good but not memorable.Potato salad was a good yellow mustardy variety but the fries were poor.  They looked well seasoned but the only thing that came through was the sugar.  Greens didn't have much flavor, almost watery.  I really liked the burnt ends.  They were very large pieces about 2 inches square with plenty of char and fat flavor.  My girlfriend did not like the piece she sampled.  She spit it out actually because it had a very large chunk of fat.  However, I loved the flavor enough to forgive them for forgetting the sauce.  They were so good I gave them another chance.Round IIThe second time, I got another pulled pork sandwich and the 3 meat sampler.  However, this time I was told that you can't select St. Louis style for the 3 meat even though I got it the last time.  I went for the brisket, sausage and burnt ends.The sides ordered this time were the cucumbers, potato salad and potato salad.  Yes, I do like their potato salad so it is a deliberate repeat.The sausage was a bit odd.  It was grayish inside from a lot of sage and dry.  It was poor especially compared to Salt Lick.Brisket was dry this time.  Previously it was acceptable quality but not this time.My burnt ends were also worse than the first visit.  Instead of big pieces that perfectly balanced char with fat, the pieces were sometimes no thicker than a half inch.  I liked a few pieces but some of them were just plain bad with the wrong ratio of char to fat flavor.I made sure to emphasize that we wanted a lot of extra sauce.  They told me over the phone that they had 3 kinds and that I was going to get plenty of each.  When I picked it up I made sure to ask about the sauce and they confirmed that we had lots.  Alas, no happy ending.When I got home, I noticed that they used some decently large containers for the sauce.  They were not labeled but that was no problem. It's easy to tell sweet from hot and vinegary, etc.  Except that each of the 6 containers were the same sauce.  Yes, the same one in each of those 6 different containers.  Good vinegary sauce but NO variety.Pros:1.  Sometimes burnt ends are excellent if you like char and fat flavor

 

Minuses: Not exactly real Mexican food. The food reminded me of an upscale Freebirds. Not much spice, and the steak was really chewy.This place was decent! The chips and salsa to start off with was really good! They were really addicting! I had the combo plate with an enchilada and taco. It was really good! Super filling and worth the price. My only complaint was the fact that it took over an hour for us to get our food. Granted we had a really big party, but the place was pretty dead at the time so it doesn't make sense. I would come back sure, but not to go out of my wayHad lunch here and it wasn't bad. They have a spicy salsa and this is what made the meal. They give chips and salsa right when you sit down. We ordered the chimichanga with red and cheese sauce and the flautas.Go during football games. The pints and food options are priced appropriately for what is offered.I came here with my friend and this place wasn't horrible but it wasn't great either. I like their chips and salsa but I had sopes and the tortilla had a funny taste. I think it might have been the oil they used but other then that our experience here was pleasant. The waiter was good and they had mariachi and they were great!!!! I would give them a 3 because I wasn't to satisfied with their food and my friend didn't really care for her food either. Their customer service was great!I stood in the Luxor, this gem is right upstairs in the shopping area. Didn't take long at all to get a table, the place was packed and seating is pretty tight, not my favorite thing but the cool decor definitely made up for it! Off top I would give four stars just off their entire page dedicated to VEGAN! I'm still always amazed when I go out to "regular" restaurants and not struggle to find something yummy to eat! The waiter was super friendly and funny, he gave us great services despite how busy they were. We even got our free appetizer thru Yelp, that was amazingly delicious! Unfortunately when it came to our order, they got it wrong, both my son's and mine. They actually bought me an entirely different meal, I had to send it back and wait for the right food, while everyone else ate. The waiter was very nice about it. Once I got my food, it was worth it, some of the best Mexican vegan food I ever had!First of all, major kudos for offering a dedicated and extensive vegan menu in addition to your regular menu. There were so many items that I wanted to try, but my tummy wasn't big enough for all the vegan things... Next time.  My family was staying at the Mandalay, so it was honestly veggie luck that Hussong's was just a few steps from our room.On the first visit, I got the Fish Baja Tacos. The tacos were good, but it appeared that the Gardein fishless filets were 1/2 the normal size; I may have gotten 1 or 2 bites of the filet. It was basically a cabbage taco. Also, I tasted, and subsequently saw, vegan cheese inside my tacos. I do not like cheese; vegan or otherwise. The menu does not list cheese in the description, so that was perturbing.  (Side note: it is not listed in the menu description, but this dish also comes with beans and rice.)On the second visit, I got the Chile Relleno with the Gardein Chick'n strips. This dish is supposed to come with mixed garlic, onions, tomatoes, carrots, and potatoes, then topped with Daiya (vegan cheese) shreds and avocado, served over a tostado with beans and rice.  I requested no tomatoes or cheese. What did I get? Well, I got the open poblano pepper with "chicken" strips, tomatoes, avocado slices, a mystery sauce drizzled atop, and the tostado, which was surrounded by a mole sauce. The garlic, onions, carrots, and potatoes were no where to be found. This is a $17 dish. I am going to need them to not omit 1/2 of the ingredients. I picked out the tomatoes and the remaining dish was good, but I wanted the rest of that darn filling!  The beans & rice, however, were excellent. They were among some of the best and most flavorful vegan rice and beans I have ever had.  I'd love to give some of the other menu items a try, like that Habanero Guacamole dish, and the Sopes.  But the kitchen needs to make sure they know what does and does not go in their dishes, and/or update the menu descriptions accordingly. They were open from 11am-11pm. Carry out orders need to placed at the bar, or you may call ahead. Hussong's Cantina is located in the Shoppes area. If you're at Mandalay Bay, simply follow the signs for the Shoppes. It's just a short walk after you've exited the escalators. If you reach Lush, you've gone too far.The food was delicious! The atmosphere was very fun and welcoming. The only thing that I didn't like was the waitress kept pushing drinks on us and I understand, I work in a restaurant. But, if someone says no, back off. I kindly declined and she rolled her eyes and didn't come back to check on us..... my boyfriend wanted a refill on his soda but by the time she finally asked, we were done eating. Seemed like she was more focused on the other tables because they kept ordering margaritas.  I'd still come back for the food, but maybe next time I'll order to-go.The service was excellent. My wife loved her wine paired meal which included a very tasty vegetarian main. Sadly, I ordered the lobster and shrimp for $35 and it was terribly over cooked and rubbery.  (I suspect it might have been frozen??)... The gravy needed more flavor and reduced more than it was.  Given the other reviews, I hope that this was just a glitch...3.5 starsGood but nothing special. In Waterloo for a day. Went because of all the positive reviews. Shrimp terrine starter was nice. Served with pickled cucumbers mushrooms rye bread toasts and mustard seed. Duck breast from the prix fixe menu was excellent. Well prepared cooked perfectly and served with broccoli and refried wild rice. French Onion Soup poor at best. Creme Brûlée and Flourless Chocolate cake were good but again nothing special. Girlfriends cod cakes were tasty. Chicken entree was boring although spazle (German pasta) and mushroom side was nice. What raises it from a 3 to 3.5 is the fantastic service. Very attentive. It is a slow dinner so if you have plans leave yourself 2 hours for dinner. Dinner for 2 with wine tax and tip 150 dollars. Very average for the price paid. Might repeat if in Waterloo again but would look to try some of the other highly rated restaurants first. Nice restaurant for a date.I came here because of the great reviews. It's a cute place for a cozy and romantic dinner date. The lady that had served us was very sweet and we had excellent service. However, that was the only thing that had really stood out to me. The food isn't bad if you are a foodie and enjoy dishing out cash for quality. I enjoyed the experience, however, I wouldn't go again. It was definitely too expensive for the types of dishes they were serving as well as serving size. My boyfriend and I left the restaurant with the same thoughts of: "Too expensive, and still hungry". However, our server was really sweet. Sometimes higher-end restaurants can be intimidating when you're students, but our server was very accommodating and consistently asked us how we were.Service: friendlyAtmosphere: upscale localFood: Status quoWould return? Yes. We were really looking forward to our stay at Nick and Nate's as we heard nothing but great things from friends and reviews. We walked in to find a quaint restaurant that was dimly light and nicely decorated. We were shown to a table off to the side and our drink orders were taken. After a quick look at the menu we both had our meals picked out.Just before our appetizers however, we were given some fresh-baked focaccia bread with rosemary that matched nicely with the grape seed oil and vinegar dip provided. Soon after, my salad and my girlfriend's calamari came out, which for me was a great start to the meal. The salad consisted of romaine lettuce with parmesan cheese, croutons, and bacon onion compote drizzled with a light vinaigrette. The calamari was lightly fried but not crispy as the menu stated, had too much garlic, and was over salted. Our mains came out and I was really excited. I had ordered the hanger steak over english style chips, and mushroom and greens puree. The puree was really good, while the chips were nothing too special. The steak on the other hand was really chewy and didn't have much taste. It was a little disappointing given the raving reviews we had been given. My girlfriend had ordered the seared whitefish over zucchini, fingerling potatoes, and garnished with spicy cured pork lonza. The fish tasted like any other fish, though a little salty, while everything else was as expected. The lonza was nice, tasting much like prosciutto.For dessert we decided on the apple spice cake and chocolate pot de creme. The cake came with vanilla marshmallow fluff and brandy-based apple butter, while the chocolate came with whipped cream and black pepper meringue. Both were really good and, truth be told, I favoured the cake over the chocolate. The apple was great just on its own, not too tart, with the fluff and butter adding just a little something extra. The chocolate was nice and rich, and had a moist base of chocolate cake. While the whole meal was good I found it just wasn't really worth the price paid. There are a bunch other places in K/W that are of better quality for the same price or cheaper. Now, this could have just been an off day; when their menu changes with the season I do plan on coming back and trying the place out again.Was very excited to take my brother and his wife here for his birthday yesterday. We went for all you can eat tapas ($40), which I heard was truly unlimited and no time limit on your table time. All of the food was quite good, as was the service for the most part. We had a bottle of wine and a pitcher of sangria along with our meals. We tried about 15 different small plates and then were told we had tried everything and were we ready for dessert? Not really... Plates were small, 4 adults, we had room for more. So they offered us repeats of anything we had tried, but the servers asked a few times if we were ready for dessert so we felt rushed to say yes okay we'll go with dessert now. So this would have been a 4 star experience had we not been rushed to dessert.Went here for dinner as i saw this place had changed from being the Greek Chef to Pita Shack and wanted to see what was here. The name is quiet deceiving if you were to go on name only and are expecting something like Pita Express with just a variety of pita sandwiches; this is more of a greek/Mediterranean/mid-eastern place along the style of the nearby My Big Fat Greek Express. They basically took the menu of the old place and expanded to include a few more items and have changed a few things.As for the food i ordered just a gyro sandwich which was priced pretty cheap at just under $5. After I ordered and sat down then one of the owners(at least I think owner) came over and asked if i would like to try the lentil soup on the house. I said sure and he promptly brought me a bowl. Must say it was pretty good soup, i usually add pepper to my lentil soup but for some reason the flavor of this kept my urge to do so at bay. It was spiced just right, hot and thick not too watery. The gyro it self was only ok mostly due to the meat being only luke warm. The flavor of the meat was good but the tzatziki sauce was the real winner here with a good blend of flavors and not overly garlic like with most places. The pita itself was also good nice and warm. Tomatoes were also nice and ripe. This also had a huge pile of meat.While i say 3 star with the meat being a bit warmer this local owned business will surely be a 4 star and I will be back soonSometimes you just want to give an A for effort...Or maybe more than three lame stars.  As the two other previous reviewers have pointed out succinctly, the man who I assume to be the owner was extremely nice.  I made the 1.5 hour drive from Tucson to watch Avatar at Arizona Mills, and my friends and I decided to grab a bite before heading back.  We randomly drove down Baseline and pretty much stumbled upon this place.  Traffic going westbound towards the 10 was insane.  I mean it was bumper to bumper past Rural.  Anyway, I ask the guy who I assume is the owner why the traffic was so bad.  At first he didn't know, but then realized that the 60 was closed.  He politely recommended that we head south then cut across to get back to the 10.  I ordered the Jerusalem Falafel sandwich. It was pretty good.  Though, in all honesty, falafel is not one those kind of dishes that one can gush over.  In my opinion, it's pretty hard to mess up deep frying ground chickpeas.  I ought to point out that the ingredients were very fresh.  This also applied to the side salad that comes with the combo meal.  My two friends opted for the gyros, and it looked good.  The meat was thinly sliced, which is somewhat different than others I've had.  They seemed to enjoy the meal, but I don't think they were quite overwhelmed by it either.  In fact, we didn't mention anything about the food during the hour and a half trip back home.  The food is by no means bad at Pita Shack.  It's adequate to serviceable in terms of Mediterranean food.  The positives regarding the food have to be its freshness and price.  In fact, I spent no more than $8 for a sandwich, salad, and drink.  The service, as noted previously, is undoubtedly the most shining spot of the place.   As we were finishing up our meal, the guy who I assume is the owner offered us lentil soup on the house.  We declined after being quite filled and satisfied from our respective sandwiches.  I believe another reviewer had the same thing happen to him, and he had positive comments about it.  Now, for me it's was the food that really matters.  Accordingly, I gave three stars, as opposed to the four that I was close to giving.  Should I ever return to the Tempe area hankering for food in a pita, I would most definitely give Pita Shack another shot; if only to support a genuinely nice guy's business.02/17/10Definitely not a place to go on a date; The Pita Shack is strictly utilitarian-- you're here for the food.  I've only visited once thus far, and chose one hit and one miss.  The hit was the gyro sandwich.  Loved the moist and thicker Greek-style pita that came w/ the gyro meat; The two paired well.  Too bad that the beef w/ hummus didn't fare as well... The hummus was lacking in the flavor department, and the dry beef chunks really didn't help.  I found myself favoring the Greek-style pita to lend some of its tender texture to the dry meat and rend the whole dish more palatable-- the crisper thin pita wasn't doing this dish any favors.  Do check out their homemade tahini sauce.  I would've preferred it to be slightly more viscous, but the flavor was on point!The baklava looked tantalizing, and after being told theirs did not contain pistachio, I bought a few pieces.  Alas, upon closer inspection, these pieces DID contain pistachio chunks, not just crushed and sprinkled on top, so the cashier/manager took the pieces back.  Me so sad :(Finally, after months and months of seeing a lil Greek place here every time we go to Whole Foods, my wife and I made it here for lunch today.  We would normally go to Big Fat Greek Express, but we decided to be a bit crazy because hey, this place could be an amazing hidden gem.The inside is pretty unremarkable.  A few tables and 2 kids working behind the counter.  Not really any decor to speak of aside from a few posters on the wall.I ordered a gyro and it was very good.  I have to say I like BFG's gyro better.  I don't like how thinly the Pita Shack slices their meat.  It did have good flavor though and they do give you a decent amount.  The salad that came with my meal was good as well.  Again, BFG's is a bit better.We ordered a side of hummus and pitas to share.  The hummus was eh and probably came from Whole Foods or Costco.  The pitas were no bueno.  They were tough and chewy.  My gyro came on a different pita for some reason.  It was excellent.  I just don't understand why they don't serve their hummus with the pitas that they serve with their gyros.  Weird.I hate to say it but BFG just beats this place on all fronts.  You get your food quicker, the prices are better and the food is tastier.  Anyway, it wasn't bad and I would like to try more of their food to possibly earn them another one of my stars.11/09/10Was going to Whole Foods to buy a few staple items when I was hit w/ a craving for falafel.  Remembered there was a pita shop next door, so popped in after dropping some cash at Whole Paycheck.  (I actually am a fan of WF and am willing to part w/ some cash to get bread and organic uncured thick-cut bacon my system can actually stomach!)  Service was friendly, as always, and I even scored a whole piece sample of their delicious homemade walnut-filled baklava!  (It's topped w/ pistachios, so those w/ a mild pistachio allergy could just peel the top layers off, and you're good to go.  Believe you me, the remainder is well worth the $2 (or maybe less... IDK, I didn't pay!) you'll fork over for it.  :)The falafel patties were huge!  However, just like the hummus they're made w/, they weren't very flavorful, but I liked the crunch of the patties, even if they were on the dry side.  The extra sides of hummus and tahini didn't really add any flavor, but they helped to mitigate the low moisture content of the falafel.  I wouldn't buy another falafel pita here (2 stars), but the friendly employees, clean environment, and the complimentary dessert deserved an extra star!Decent place for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the veggie combo plate that has falafel, dolmades, hummus, tabouli and baba ghanoush and had lentil soup on the side. The man working the front counter was sooooo nice! I told him I was vegan and he let me know everything that was vegan friendly. I would come back just because of how nice and helpful he was. Without me even asking he mentioned that they cook all their veggie things separate from the meat and they only fry veggies in the fryer. They even have gluten-free tabouli as they use quinoa instead of bulgur wheat.The tabouli was good and I was very happy with the dolmades! The falafel was decent and so was the hummus.  I like my lentil soup spicy so I added Shiracha at home, the rice was a nice addition. The baba ghanoush had a great smoky flavor but it had what can only be described as a "fizzy" taste. From working in the restaurant and grocery business, I know that it had started to ferment which means it was either not stored properly or was nearing the expiration date. I was quite disappointed as I am addicted to baba ghanoush, but this can happen very easily with hummus and baba ghanoush. I will not let this deter me from trying the Pita Shack again as I really want to like this place!Great lunch prices and specials!!! My friends loved their chicken shawarmas.  For me the falafel was just ok, the pita itself was soft and delicious; decent enough to go back.Hummus was good - nice and fresh, kalamata olives and light olive oil. Tabouli was also fresh but not too flavorful. I purchased the falafel sandwich, which annoyingly fell apart while eating it...I ordered it with spicy sauce and there was no sauce....two sides and entree ran me $8. Friendly staff, clean restaurant and bathroom.For mediterranean fast food, well, this was fast...and it was mediterranian.  We had a simple item, just the shwarma on hummus.  It was served with a smile, by someone happy to explain the menu in full.  When we forgot to ask for feta, that was quickly remedied for us.Atmosphere was decent/ clean. Service was good, they are friendly and fast. The Greek salad was decent but not the best I've had. The chicken shawarma was not very good, maybe it's just me, would not order it again.You can always count on some good quick food at the pita shack. Recommend the entree option as opposed to the sandwich. Been here numerous time and have always ordered the chicken schwarma. Although this place is small and located next to whole foods, you'd be surprised how tasty some of their dishes are.Pretty good Greek food with above average Garlic Sauce and Greek Fries. The rest was pretty much middle of the road in quality. That garlic sauce is out of this world and truly the best Greek Fries ever.Would get another star if it wasn't $13.99 for such a small plate of food.Food is nice. If you're in the area and looking for fast Greek food, this is a reasonable choice. The cooking seems talented enough that I wish they'd make some special dishes, but there's nothing out of the ordinary here.Really good food. But for a $10 combo there's almost no chicken.  WTH? Last time I was here I got a nice portion.Tried this place for lunch , went with the chicken kabob sandwich combo opting for the lentil soup. The soup and sandwich were not bad overall ,not the best I have had but for 8 bucks for a lunch combo I would recommend this place .Everything was mediocre. I am a hummus snob and have been on the hunt for a good place (like a mamouns and ibbys in Jersey & NYC). The veggie combo came wit hummus, baba ghanoush, and falafel - all mediocre. The tabouli salad, grape leaves. and Tzatziki sauce was better but still just okay.When they said it was the White House, they weren't kidding! white walls, white lights, white balloons and apparently the evening we went alot of people were wearing white. My friend Dani mentioned that she felt she should have worn white coz she felt that she stood out, lol. I like that there's bars on opposite sides with the dance floor in the middle. and yes, that giant ass disco ball with a midsized raised platform for the ladies to pop lock and drop it. I'm a fan of old town clubs that are not really the scottsdale crowd. I'd say this was like a dressed up mill ave crowd that's partying in scottsdale. Nothing wrong with that. I like the fact that there's no cover, and plenty of tables, chairs and couches. Downside is the patio where you can't bring your drink but I understand why coz it's not really an actual patio, it's like a makeshift patio that's set up on certain evenings. I now understand the whole ladder thing and the dj. I mean wow... the dj booth above the entrance with the ladder. It's cool and all but maybe they should have designed it like the dj booth at az88. my complaint with this dj is that altho he had an ok mix it just annoyed me that he wouldn't finish the good songs but rather play the chorus lines, or the song for a minute and then mesh it with a different song. It was sporadic at times, and it didn't seem to flow that well. I do like the electro hip hop tho =)Overall it's a good club on craftsman court. this part of old town is not on the club circuit but I'm glad it offers a different scene other than acme and dos gringos. Good mixed crowd, drink prices typical of old town scottsdale and the tokyo teas are strong! I will be back!This place is great to grab a drink and go dancing.  Plus drinks are reasonable for a nicer bar in Scottsdale...I first walked into this place just by walking by and loved the decor-and the attendees are of a very mixed crowd-however lots of very drunk women, haha.  The thing i thought was a big bust is that they have this great little set up outside for people wanting some air or a smoke but don't have the licensing to allow your drinks out there-for me that's a big no no since i love to go cool off and enjoy my drink on the patio of most bars...I would rather not have to leave it on a table by the door with all the date-rape experiences i know about in town...

wide

Location: 3 stars

-Forego the tasting menu and go the traditional route. -Looking at other reviews on Yelp, it is clear that you cannot go wrong with Wing Lei's Peking Duck.-You should not go out of your way to visit this restaurant just because they received a Michelin Star once upon a time. After all, I do not suspect that Wing Lei is far superior to other high end Chinese restaurants in town such as Empress Court at Caesars or Pearl at MGM. In any case, a visit to Wing Lei is certainly not a mundane experience. If your primary experience of Chinese food comes from Panda Express, expect to be wowed. If you frequent authentic Chinese restaurants and you forego the tasting menu, I think you will come away understanding that you are paying a generous premium for better quality food for a special occasion. Just don't eat at Wing Lei and expect it to be among the world's best restaurants.The atmosphere was just how I like and that was quite. we did arrive right at 5:30 for our reservations which was when the restaurant opened so there wasn't really any customers dining which added to the silence (minus the table beside us who had a loud spoken gentleman). First impressions are good, you get a real open feel in the main dining area with the super tall ceilings, chandelier and nice decor to match. There is a small view of a decorated patio with Asian decor outside. The staff did pull the chair out for my guest reviewer but not for me...not huge but noted. The chairs are big and plush which makes for a very comfortable seating experience. The staff quickly opens and places a large cloth napkin on our laps. The weight staff was very attentive and observant of our table as I saw them constantly keeping an eye or our dish consumption. Initially they did serve us wine that we originally thought was for sampling but ending up being by accident and it was not intended for our table. I do have to say it was a very delicious Plum Wine; we decided to keep it anyway after the confusion. Our waiter May was very informative and friendly to our questions but just over half way through she did disappear and never returned back to our table; nothing was mentioned to us. My salad appetizer was good very well plated and all fresh with no signs of mis handling. Recommended Duck Dish was good as well with great plating and taste. Dessert was again well plated and taste delicious as well. They did however still charge us for the Wine mixup from earlier which should have been comped as it was a mistake. The table was a bit large for two people to have dinner unless they are sitting beside each other and not across. The table cloth was heavily creased, silverware and glass were spotless and shortly before our departure as additional customers started to come in the dress code was not being enforced, strollers and children are allowed and they did leave the door open.The food was good I had the Peking Duck with Mandarin Crepes. The service was very good, friendly staff always there at the right time.  Restaurant decor was drab, didn't seem reminiscent of a place in the Wynn.Went here for a business dinner so I didn't see the bill, but I gather it was quite pricey given the ambiance and its locale. Our group wanted to go safe "pedestrian" which ended up being fine. Really did love the veggies, especially the eggplant.Service was just fine, as was the food. I would eat here again, but honestly I'm not sure I'd necessarily go if it were on my dollar -- there seem to be a lot of other restaurants to try in the hotel first.We visited Wing Lei for the Dim Sum Brunch this past Sunday.  Normally they are only open for dinner, but twice a year they offer dim sum brunch for Christmas and Chinese New Year.  Brunch is priced at $68.88.  They offer a buffet area with a sushi station, carving station, soup station, chilled shellfish, and a hot food covered tray area.  Hot foods included salt & pepper chicken wings, curry beef, shrimp chow fun, beef fried rice, bok choy, black bean sea bass, duck.  I loved the black bean sea bass.  They also featured dim sum carts, but the carts are very minimal with only 1 cart passed around every 30-45 minutes.  The cart variety was not wide enough.  Most of the cart items were different varieties of dumplings.  Furthermore, most of the items on the carts were lukewarm to room temperature.The service was inconsistent, with some servers being outstanding and others would totally forget that they had said they would bring a requested item.  I was surprised they had no drawn butter for the crab claws and lobster.Being a huge dim sum fan, I was really excited to try the brunch and I wanted to love it.  But it fell short of a $70 brunch (that didn't include any alcohol).  Maybe I expected too much given that they're a Michelin start restaurant, but I've had better dim sum from hole in the wall placesFood: A bit overrated for a 1 star Michelin star restaurant. I ordered the green beans, Peking duck, mapo tofu, and steamed fish. For $100 the Peking duck was nothing out of the ordinary. Crispy skin generic. Sauce generic. Duck generic. The duck was supposed to be carved table side, but the waiter carved it halfway and told my table the rest would be done in the kitchen. The most memorable dish here was the green beans, which still had a nice bite to them and very flavorful. I was looking forward to getting a corn soup, but held back when I saw that an individual small bowl was $16.Service: the waiters were very friendly, but were a bit slow with my table. I saw that the waiters gave other female customers a personal stool for their purses. My mother and I did not get that same treatment and had to place out purses on the floor. At the end of our meal we had waited at least 15 minutes for the waiter to charge our card for the meal. Ambience: The decor is all gold. The walls, the utensils,the chairs, and etc. A bit overwhelming to me as I like an atmosphere that is simple and laid back.Michelin star is so over rated.The food was good. Not quite excellent that I expect for the outrageous price I paid. The service was good, again not excellent. The dish is small but authentic. The place was pretty nice though. If you have money to burn on Chinese food, go for it. I prefer to go to local Chinese food.Booked this last minute for a group of 4 on 11/6/14.  Surprised they could accommodate on such short notice given that Automotive Aftermarket Industry Week was clogging up the restaurants/hotels and clubs.  Upon arrival, we had friendly service and waiter brought a chair for our clutches so that we didn't have to place them on our laps.  We all did the tasting menu with wine pairings.  Although I found the Peking duck, dumplings, green beans tasty, it was unimpressive.  There was nothing I had that evening, that I felt was original.   And I certainly found it way overpriced (pretty much a given in Vegas).I have to agree with a prior review that for a 1 star Michelin restaurant, it was overrated.  I guess I had set my expectations too high given its the only Michelin starred Chinese restaurant in the US.A former co-worker and his wife were in Las Vegas for a convention, staying at The Encore (Wynn). They suggested trying Wing Lei as it was conveniently located and highly rated.

He took our order, a table of 6, and told us that they were out of rice. We all believed him until he brought our orders back with rice as the side.He brought this container with three different salsas, one red, one green and one cheesy yellow that was on FIRE! Don't get me wrong, I love spicy foods but this one had no flavor, or it killed our taste buds, we will never know.

-When pulling up to valet, the staff just stood in a circle laughing and chitchatting with one another for a good amount of time AND THEN proceeded to come assist us.

?  Animatronic show. Is this an abomination, or one of the remaining outposts of Las Vegas kitsch?

Definitely a nice place to meet people.. not so much for getting work done by yourself.. I found it a little too cramped and noisy for that..Kiva Han is a coffee shop with a ton of personality, and that alone should be your reason to go there.  There are quirky paintings on the wall, nice furniture, a great little coffee bar, very interesting people, a good selection of food and drinks, and great music at Kiva Han.  It's definitely a coffee shop struggling against the norms set by the larger coffee chains nearby (Starbucks is across the street).  During the summer months it can get quite warm inside, which is multiplied by the number of people that go there with their computers.  Also, the wifi is spotty - I found that it worked better in the attached large room rather than around the bar.  Third, I got a vegan burrito, and man did it suck.  We're talking stale rice, and about nothing else.  The salsa that came with is awful.  Luckily their bagels are fine, but the coffee needs a lot of work.  And for the people working behind the counter: cheer up.Here's the thing:  No one goes to Kiva Han for the coffee.  Frankly, it's not very good.  And their other drinks are just okay.So why would you ever come here?  A few of the top reasons:1. You're morally opposed to Starbucks*.

If you live there and have few options plus are used to the oddly expensive food, I guess this is great.Or you could save your money and come up by Chi for the weekend and have something better :)Restaurant review

The one dining experience was Very good (4 stars) but the server was a "Professional Server" and was mainly concerned with up-selling to a point that was Very annoying (4 stars on the annoying scale). The food and drink was Very good(4 stars). The bill was Very large (4 Stars on he expensive scale).The second time I ate there was with alarger group and we had a Pre Set menu. The shell fish paltters were awesome (5 Stars). The steaks were fantastic (5 stars). The service was suspect - not very attentive and their depth of knowledge was lacking.

I am willing to bet that Glass Nickel is popular because they are surrounded by so much mediocrity.

3. I spend a lot of time on my feet since I work retail. So the extra time they put into massing your feet and legs was a plus.4. She put just the right amount of pressure so I never had to once tell her to ease up or go harder. And when she was applying all her weight to my back, I felt a lot of stress melt away. All in all, I was pleased with my experience here. I felt relaxed afterwards and fell asleep quickly that night. I'm a little sore the day after but it was all worth it. P.S. Favorite part was when my friend and I looked at each other after the massage and had crazy hair.The spa is definitely worth it, $22/hr! Its not the cleanest but the massage was good; you get what you pay for. Do not have high expectations here**The spa is a large room with semi private open rooms in it, where you can hear everything from the room next door. The bathrooms are not the cleanest so if you dont have to go, just wait.They greet you with a large bucket of warm water with a plastic bag wrapped around it to soak your feet in. When the man massaged my feet he applied just the right pressure, very relaxing. Overall, I would go again! It's worth the price; I will just use the bathroom before going inside.Good customer service and it's clean. I've gone to this place several times so when I went for the usual 90 min., I was bummed it didn't include the neck and back like it always has in the past. I understand they need to make money but I really wish this was communicated beforehand when I walked in, and out with a headache.Hubby and I just got back from a long road trip and needed to un-wind as we were stuck in the car for several hours. Unfortunately, the spa we go to on the regular closes at 5pm on Sundays. So we decided to check out one of these foot spas and see if we can get a decent massage. It was definitely the best massage compared to the spas that are similar to this place. We didn't expect it to be amazing or anything because our experiences at these types of spas have been mainly very mediocre or bad and we only go because its the last resort. If you're looking to save money on a massage, I guess you can go here but I would much rather spend $15 more and get an excellent massage. And mind you, we have a membership which gives us a 50% discount for additional massages during the month-- which is totally worth it when 10 minutes into my massages, I'm so relaxed that I'm snoring.. I feel sorry for my therapist.Anyway, my husband and I got the one hour massage and the most enjoyable part of the massage was the foot massage. I don't recommend full body at this place. They will try to use their elbows if you don't ask for them not to and they use their forearm over your shoulder blade and spine which is extremely painful. My husband had to tell the guy to stop a couple of times-- he listened but then changed to a method where he was just putting pressure on his back and not actually working the muscle-- which is what the pros do.My therapist on the other hand sorta swung me around like some pizza dough which was weird but whatever-- at least it wasn't painful or uncomfortable. So anyhow, we left and of course they have a tip chart asking for a 30% tip if we are happy with the service. A sad face for $5-- which is actually close to what we should tip for ok service  that is $36 dollar.Anyways-- we're not stingy ass people and we gave them each $10 bucks because they were friendly and the place was clean.The massage itself.... I was hoping for much, much better. Ugh. I wanted this place to be great... I needed this place to be great.. but I didn't quite measure up to what I am used to back home. Sigh. You walk in and the ambiance whispers "relax" ...okay, cool. The staff is super kind and they acknowledged me quickly. I was ushered back to a private area that had two recliner looking chairs. After being offered tea I was asked which package I wanted....without mentioning Yelp, I was offered the discounted package. Mind readers? Or this is just normal pricing disguised as a special? Who knows?Anywho, I got started off with a footsoak and my, uh, reflexologist (?) came in to get started. She first started with my shoulders, neck and scalp...fantastic! Then went on to my feet and calves, fantastic! When I was time for my back - which costs extra - not so fantastic. Firstly, the chair wasn't exactly right for a back massage. Even though the top pillow opens up to create a space for your face (ha!) it's simply too cushion-y, for me at least. I could tell she was using quite a biit of effort but I really didn't feel like my muscles were being worked how I'm used to. Perhaps back home has spoiled me. I'm unsure that I will return... for a back massage anyways. Stick with the basic package here.After stressful week my girlfriend booked this massage for me to relax. The guy in the phone repeated many times $22 an hour head to toe. Well when I get there they sit me down and say $60 for 90 min. Ok? No thank you $22 please. It was very hard to understand the exactly what he was saying because of the broken English. But bottom line is the minimum I could do was a shoulder massage for 40 minutes for $40. I considered walking out, but then thought I'm here so what the hell. After massaging my shoulders for 20 minutes, the lady let me down on my stomach started massaging my back and said I massage your back for four dollars. At this point I had no idea what was going on or if I heard something wrong, so I just laid there. My phone still in my pocket so is my wallet so she massaging my butt cheeks with my wallet. After she was done, I said I would like to pay with card, she asked if I want to put tip on the card or pay cash. Who said I wanted to tip? Well all I had was a 10 so I gave her $10 tip. The massage itself was great, and that's why I'm giving this place three stars. Otherwise I think they pull the prices out of their asses.Awesome and very affordable place to get a fantastic massage away from the strip and is my go to place whenever I'm here. It's a massage in a fully reclining chair and they have options of private or communal rooms. We went in a group and my one and only gripe with them is that several of the masseuse actually took phone calls during the session !! Really annoying but otherwise I would rate them higher, or maybe next I'll complain to the managerPlus side-very clean! The massage was average. Maybe I will try a different massage therapist that isn't so rushed through areas. Note for women, if you have modestly issues don't use this place.My husband and I wanted to get a foot massage on the spur of the moment.  We looked to Yelp for reviews and this place came up high rank.  I absolutely enjoyed my massage and was much needed after the 10 miles walk for that day.  My husband said his was ok, in the middle as far as rank.  I called in for an appointment and when we got there, the doors were locked.  We had to call again thinking we got the wrong place but the owner picked up and after what was five minutes of back and forth (his English was limited), he came to open the door for us.  So between that experience and my husband's average experience, I would say give it a try but don't put too much expectation on it.  Let me also mention I wasn't a fan of how loud they were talking back and forth either.  Overall, I would go back as long as I can overlook the other things.In the last year I have re-discovered the area thrift stores. I mainly go between this Agrace Hospice store location and the east side Savers, with the occasional east side Goodwill visit. This store doesn't have children's clothing but does have some toys. It has women's and men's clothing, kitchen items, books, furniture, actual records on vinyl, crafts, and a little jewelry. Oh, also pictures/art for the wall. I got a beautiful crewel 'picture' there that I love. It's more expensive than Goodwill and Savers, but not necessarily with a better selection. It's all donations, so it isn't like they can curate a stylish closet for you. I've found a couple of nice things there, and it is small so looking through all the stuff in my size doesn't take very long (which is both a plus and a minus, really). If you are on the east side you should check it out, but I wouldn't drive across town for it.Located in the Meadows Mall over by the JC Penny's on the 2nd floor. I've made several shirts here so far and they're awesome!!!The Restaurant Biz is tough.  You only get one chance to make a first impression.  My first impression of this place is not so good.  My incredibly simple order was a bowl of soup and a small salad.  Nearly 30 minutes later, my meal arrived.  The place was not busy, about 1/3 full.  There was no indication that the person waiting on me was concerned at all.  She represents me in the kitchen.  She should be on them to get the simple order out.  Again, soup and salad.  Should have taken 5 minutes.  Lunch needs to be pretty quick.   There was no apology, no explanation for the long delay.  The salad was above average and the soup was quite good.   Service must improve or customers like me will travel to one of the dozen other places near the square where I can get good food without a half hour wait.*** UPDATE   I returned to give them another chance.  Today's lunch was served much quicker and the waitstaff apologized for my last visit.  The salad was delicious:  The Continental and the Beer and Cheese soup was hot and good.   my only slight complaint today was that I was asked if i wanted a refill, then was charged for that.  I didn't expect that, but it may be on the menu.  not sure.   12-2-10Had lunch here today. It wasn't too busy as many downtown businesses had the day off. The choices on the menu are appealing. I ordered a chicken sandwich (has an odd name, can't think of it) and my daughter ordered an appetizer. It took a L - O - N - G time for the food to arrive, and our waitress stood looking into the kitchen rather than visiting our table to apologize for the delay. The food was good when it arrived and we both enjoyed the meal. There are a few TV's around the bar showing sports and the music was an eclectic mix of disco, 50s and 60s tunes (?). Likely we'll return but not when we're watching the clock.Went here just to grab a drink with friends. There's not a ton to say - they only serve Capital Brewery beers - which is fine for one night. In general though, I feel the need for more variety. We ended up getting frites, but I was severely disappointed. Smallish portion and you can definitely get better ones elsewhere in Madison.Environment: Small and dark. Nice decor for a place on State St. Hard to tell if it wanted to be a restaurant or a bar though.

1 star:  Never again.

The service was friendly and they were very nice when I started the time crunch, look at my watch dance.  As a customer I appreciate the fact that they understood and this is another reason why I will go back.Good food but I waited 30+ minutes for a ceaser wrap and a kids meal grilled cheese sandwich. Kinda ridiculousThe food is good but I don't like to wait. Three times I've called to place an order for pickup and was placed on hold and they never picked me back up. Once I called in an they pick up the phone and slammed it down, hanging up on me. I'm done. However, if you don't mind a long wait, go for it.After my issue with the car wash, the owner responded with a satisfactory resolution.  That was appreciated.I went to this car wash today after work since it was on the way home. Attendant was quick and helped me select what I needed. The cat wash was also quick and got most of the dirt off of my car from the previous rain. However, the machines are aggressive. It bent my antenna on my roof and I wished that the attendant would have alerted me to put it down. Secondly, my front window trim blew off, but thankfully the attendant was able to find it in the car wash.The car wash was pretty basic but then again I only paid $5. They power wash some bug guts off the front of my car before starting and they were still there once we were out. They have free vacuums for us to use which was nice. They also gave us a free car air freshener which was nice! I think I'd come here if I was desperate for a wash (which I was) but I'm not sure if I'd come on a regular basis. The crew was nice and the space was clean it just didn't get my car as clean as I'd have liked.The food was okay. I was expecting a lot because of the stellar reviews. I found the waffle very dry, and the hash Browns too greasy. The duck Bacon was delicious.I had the blackberry waffles. I'm not crazy about waffles anyways, but I have had better waffles before. From the reviews, I had expected my mind to be blown. It was good, maybe if you are a waffle lover these are even better??I finally got to check out second breakfast as part of an event at the mattress factory today. I'm hoping it was just an off day for them, as our meal was fairly disappointing. By far the worst part was waiting about 20 minutes to order and another 45 for our food. They were also out of a few things (like bacon!! ) which is understandable but disappointing. The volume of customers didn't seem very high for how long it took, so I'm not really sure what was going on. All that being said, the waffles were pretty good and my eggs were cooked perfectly. I also really enjoyed the hash brown. The braised chicken for the chicken and waffles was a bit bland and left a lot to be desired. Again, I hope this truck was just having an off day as it seems like a great concept. In the end we wished we would have just eaten at the cafe at the MF.Honestly wish I could give this 3 1/2 stars. I thought the meal was very good, just that there are other pizza places that outdo it in the area. I had the Salumist. Crust and sauce was awesome. However my pizza was warm not hot by the time it made it to my table. The meat was good not great. I was disappointed in the Soppreseta after having Proper Brickoven's. My father in law had a create your own with peperoni , mushrooms and fresh red peppers. Again his pizza was warm not hot, but he commented on the freshness of the mushrooms and peppers but felt the pepperoni was nothing memorable.This was on on a busy Friday night around 630 in about the second week of business , so I will give the temperature of the pizza pass. I liked the selection of beer, I would say they could eliminate some stuff we always see on tap (Blue Moon) and add some local microbrews. Can't comment on the the mixed drinks.Overrall would recommend, I'd like to try again at not so prime time. For comparison I would still recommend Proper Brickoven, Wingharts, and il pizzaiolo over this place.I've been waiting for this triple-threat to open up for some time now... I live right around the block and was excited to have a multi-concept restaurant in the neighborhood!  As soon as you walk into Circolo, you can tell that they spared no expense in terms of money or time... if you'd ever been to Mullen's, this is a total 180 in all senses.On my first particular visit here, it was their opening weekend and they were BUSY.  There were 3 of us in our party, so the hostess said we could either wait for a table to open up or pull up a seat to one of the high-top tables for two.  We opted for the latter since we were rather hungry.   Our server was over shortly and took our order for drinks... and then we waited. And waited. And waited some more.  Finally she brought back our drinks (a glass of prosecco, red wine, and a beer) and we put in for an order of the calamari and the artisan cheese pizza to split.  My roommate and I were with a good friend/our former neighbor, so we began chatting and catching up... and waiting.  And waiting... around this time, our drinks became empty and we searched the crowd for our waitress or anyone willing to give us a refill.  She finally appeared and brought us refills, but we still did not have our appetizer yet.  We had been in the restaurant for approximately 45 minutes, sitting next to the open pizza kitchen and drooling over all of the plates and pizzas they were churning out.The waitress came back and was almost dumbfounded that we had yet to receive our appetizer.  She soon came back with the plate of calamari, which to my surprise was still hot (this also tells me that they probably forgot about it altogether and had just made it) and thankfully delicious.  I don't know if I would say it was worth the wait, since it was quite a wait, but it was still delicious and I would definitely recommend it.Next, a blonde lady who I can only assume is part of the ownership brought over a pizza topped with prosciutto... it looked great except for one thing:  the pizza we ordered was all cheese.  I do love prosciutto, but we waved her back over and explained the situation.  Apparently there are two "Artisan" pizzas on the menu, one that is a white pizza with different cheeses, and another with red sauce and prosciutto.She returned that pizza back to the kitchen and we saw them put together our correct order.  By this point, we had been at the restaurant for well over an hour.  The waitress appeared again, and the Executive Chef, who must've noticed our frustration and how long we had been waiting, came over and introduced himself and advised her to put our next round of drinks on his tab.  I greatly appreciated this gesture, because it shows that he pays attention to his customers even when he is extremely busy in the kitchen.  We expressed our gratitude to him and he apologized profusely for the wait.  It took about another 20 minutes for our correct pizza to come out, and during this time I noticed several other pizzas go into the woodfired oven while we waited.  Call me crazy, but I would think that a kitchen error and an already-extreme wait time would warrant them putting our pizza in ahead of the rest... but I digress.When we finally got our pizza, I was pleased.  The blend of cheeses they selected for this pie worked perfectly together, and the pizza was just enough for the 3 of us to split, although I did think it was a bit smaller than expected for $17.Our bill for several rounds of drinks, the appetizer and pizza came to around $80.  I thought the party ended there until my roommate texted me today to ask if I had any strange charges from Circolo from that night.  She had one charge for her correct receipt (around $51) and another charge for $50.  I checked my bank and credit card statements only to find that I had never actually been charged.. upon reviewing the receipt that was still in my wallet, my portion of our dinner bill ($50) was charged to my roommate's credit card! Thankfully, the person they charged wasn't some stranger that happened to be dining there the same night.  I understand they were busy, but this is a serious mistake that could end up costing them and their customers.Long story short, I will be (and have been) back to Circolo again.  I've been pleased with everything I've ordered so far, and the piano bar upstairs was a great time last Saturday night. This is definitely a must-stop for a night out on the Southside. They have entertainment every night of the week, too!We went here one Saturday evening for a friends birthday. Let me first say how exceptional the staff was! We had 24 people in our party and throughout the process of making reservations they were very attentive and eager to accommodate our party. We had two servers and both were exceptional, very quick with drinks and any questions we had. The atmosphere on the second floor was really fun and we even walked up to the cigar bar briefly. So why only three stars? The food was simply not worth what you pay for it. Due to having such a large party we were lucky to all order something different and share. I tried 4 types of pizza and their meatballs. The pizzas had a good taste however the crust was soggy. The center of the pizza was unacceptable, it was impossible to pick up a piece because it immediately flopped and all the toppings fell off. If they can solve the crust issue I would gladly rate it higher. The meatballs were average. They were a basic meatball served with a side of pasta. I think this place has tons of potential if they work out the few kinks. Also one person could easily consume almost an entire pizza, even our waitress warned us of that before ordering. Therefore I think the target price should be between $8-$14 a pizza, not the $12-$17 range you pay. Will I return? Unfortunately not anytime soon, but after awhile I'll definitely check to see if the food is up to par.My husband and I went here this past Saturday at around 6. We were seated right by the pizza oven area and could watch as the staff made pizzas and apps. We also got to hear the chef yell "I need a runner" more times than I care to count. It wasn't really busy and other tables were available that weren't so much "in the action", which was really the only down side to our visit.  Well, that and it seemed like there was way too many staff members just standing around, but again that was partially due to our location. The food we had was great and I would definitely want to go back and try the pizza. Both my husband and I ordered meatball dishes. I got the traditional meatball and he got the "firecracker" version. Both came with the house salad and a side of spaghetti. The salad features garbanzo beans which I've never had on a typical house salad and the homemade dressing was excellent.  The meatballs were amazing, very rich and savory. My husband would have liked a bit more pasta to go with his. My portion of pasta was on the light side and it wasn't properly drained, but not enough of a problem to send back. We will definitely go back again and try the pizzas, but will ask not to be seated right next to the brick oven, it was awkward.Great atmosphere and great location. As a woodfired pizza joint, I expected a lot more. The pizza was okay but not remarkable.I chose to try out Circolo because I had some picky eaters with me and a pizza/pasta place just seemed like the answer. The place was pretty empty but it was a Monday night. We ordered the fried mozzarella and meatballs to start. The fried cheese was pretty standard and the meatballs were tasty and a perfect size for sharing. My parents ordered a pepperoni pizza and they were overall pretty happy with it. I started with a blood orange old fashioned that was made well without too much bitters in it. For my entre, I ordered the fettuccine. While the sauce was good, my peas and mushrooms were cooked beyond recognition. The chicken was also overcooked. My boyfriend got the ravioli and that was the saving grace of the meal. The pasta was clearly homemade and the tomato cream sauce was awesome. I gave it three stars because the service was good and everyone else's food seemed spot on.I would definitely give the food 5 stars, but the service on the other hand is a different story. I went in there twice for lunch and the lunch special was a great deal - personal pizza and a salad for $9. The salad is one of the best house salads I've had - it has bacon and olives, which is rare for a house salad. Their homemade Italian dressing is fantastic and the wood fired pizza....well....it's wood fired pizza - need I say more? (Delish!) Now on to the service. Both times they were extremely slow and very understaffed. The second time I sat by the window where they make your food and I sat there staring at my salad just sitting there for a solid 15 minutes. I was about ready to walk back there and get it myself. And then weren't super packed, but like I said, just very slow and understaffed. It's impossible to go in there for lunch and get out of there in less than an hour. Great food. Terrible service.A co-worker and I decided to try this place out during our lunch break..  I would give this place 5 stars for the food.  Got the "firecracker" meatball appetizer and it was very good.. I thought the the meatballs and sauce was very savory.. We also split a red sauce pizza with pepperoni and banana peppers.. That was also very good. The size was big enough for 2 of us to split..  The service like in other reviews is on the money for how slow it is..  We were only the 3rd table in the place and it took us between 45 min to a hour to get out of there (we put the food down pretty fast so we could get back to work).. Don't know if it's because of the meatball app took long to cook. I know brick oven pizza doesn't take long to bake.. But it took way to long to get the food..  I recommend people to try out the food, but make sure you have no where to be when you go there.. It will take awhile!!As a South Side resident, I'm always excited for a new pizza place. What sets this place apart? 1) It has three floors - not only pizza but a piano bar and a cigar bar. 2) Wood fired pizza with a variety of choices for toppings. 3) Great beer selection.   My husband and I ordered the stuffed mushrooms and the BBQ chicken pizza. The pizza making process here is quick and is almost always done before the appetizer. The mushrooms were delicious and the pizza was not what I expected, but in a good way. It's a vinegar based bbq as opposed to tomato based (think Carolina style, not Texas). It was delicious and I've found myself craving it since. They have many specials if you check their website including Lasagna night and discounted Margherita Pizzas. This is a nice place for a date, causal get together with friends or a special event. I look forward to going back!My meal was fine. Certainly not five stars though. The menu choices are very appealing. I had a tough time making up my mind. I chose the Asian panini with a house salad - from the 1/2 and 1/2 choice. With a drink my total was just over $11. Portion sizes were smaller than expected. Fine for me, but might be too small for a big appetite. The salad was a total disappointment. The lettuce was iceberg and looked straight out of the bag. There were three small cucumber slices, some cheddar cheese and a few raisins. The panini was okay, but did not live up to the description. Really just tasted like a fried chicken tender on bread. Versus Panera - I would choose Panera hands down based upon this one meal. For the money I can choose and much more creative salad (with meat) and a better sandwich at Panera. With that said, I did see some other menu items being delivered that *looked* tasty. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.Not a bad place, definitely offers the best and healthy and fresh cooked options in an area you typically wouldn't expect. I highly suggest any of their chicken dishes and they have several different types of black tea which is great as wellI've been here MANY times. I use to live around the corner. I came in twice a week. There was an older gentleman that worked there knew us and greeted us warmly every time, he didn't appear to be there anymore. Used to love this place! I hadn't been in 5 months and was on this side of town. I was so excited to be able to eat lunch here... I was upset to see the health score had dropped to a 91.5?!? I ordered a salad with calamari and mushroom soup. Soup was good.  Calamari looked burnt but was actually spot on. Fryer oil probably needed a change. My salad on the other hand was anything but fresh. My Lettuce was so wilted it was like soup. The avocado slices on top were so soft and brown it looked like a glop of old guacamole and was completely inedible. It was like it was made yesterday and reused today... Just plain  nasty. The croissants used to be served hot and coated in honey. Mine was cold, like straight out of the refrigerator and no honey. Over all I was disappointed. I will not be going out of my way to eat here again.Strictly average restaurant... Food was okay but service was really pathetic.went with loads of expectations and returned dissappointed We ordered chicken tikka which was pretty good .. But the biriyani was a let down and it's pretty expensive to a dine in as there is no buffetFood tasted good, but highly priced. Very pathetic service. I have been to this place twice (dine in and take out), always had a feeling they are understaffed. They prove me right every time. Had tough time trying to call them over phone to place carry out order, almost tired 10 times and without any luck went in person to place order. They messed up my order, charged me for a chicken appetizer but I recvd veg appetizer. Manger apologized but it's still bad experience for me. As Restaurant is not only about food, but service matters a lot.Hope the management will take notice of this.Just OK food ..No biryani in Buffet at paradise biryani point????@!@*#@*% ...weird. People expect to eat biryani instead they get Fried Rice. If you want to eat biryani order separately don't go for buffetWent in with very low expectations after reading previous reviews. But I was pleasantly surprised. We had a good experience. The service was decent , dint take very long. Food was good. Really liked the chicken biryani and malai kofta. Agreed they are still in the learning stages of a new place but the staff was courteous. I would definitely go back.Service is awful. Don't go when you are really hungry ,Food is average but be prepared to wait .Only Indian restaurant I have visited in Charlotte so far. Visited twice with my friends for weekday dinner & weekend lunch buffet.Weekday Dinner :-We went there mainly to have good biryani, we tried to order mutton & shrimp biryani. Both were not available, we all end up having 3 plates of chicken biryani, along with Goat Chukka.  One friend was vegetarian & he ordered naan & malai kofta. Biryani quantity was huge for one person, but it didn't taste good. Chicken was not cooked properly & it tasted bland as well. Goat Sukha & malai Kofta was decent. Bill amount was around $75, which was quite expensive for an ordinary food.Weekend Lunch Buffet :-Most of the indian restaraunts serves both buffet & ala carte on weekends here. Even after an average experience, my friend insisted us to try the buffet there, we were 4 of us & everyone went with buffet. Buffet costs only $14, which is actually decent.Buffet items were very few :- Idly, Onion Pakoda, 3 veg gravies, 3 non veg gravies, 2 non veg starters, Mutton Biryani, Veg Biryani, Curd rice, Gajar Ka Halwa & Fruit Custard.Asusual, biryani was decent but tandoori chicken & chicken gravies were really good. I felt the buffet justifies the price, but my friends(stayed in US for long time) said that there are better buffet restaurants for the same price.If you close by University area & wants to try an Indian cuisine, Paradise is recommended. If you are not an Indian & wants to try authentic Indian food, Paradise is the right destination.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Good biryaniWas looking for someplace new to try best home. Andale got great reviews & recently opened so we gave it a try. It is a hole in the wall hidden in the back of a shopping center. It was empty & there was no one there other than the owners kids keeping busy after school. The prices were very reasonable, cheap in fact. Good variety of choices of food. I tried a few different items. Fajita plate: had to ask for tortillas & all they had were street taco size tortillas. It was ok. Pork tamale: not bad. Pupusa: decent. Wife had a variety of street tacos & she said those were excellent. Very friendly waitress.We came to this restaurant after reading the wonderful reviews. My food was ok nothing wow. The major disappointment was the wait time... They literally had one waitress and one cook on duty!! Our drinks and food took forever!!Stopped in recently with a friend to have dinner after work. I was excited to try a family owned mom and pop type shop for some Mexican grub. I felt that it was just ok. I ended up getting the carne asada sopes which were a pretty good size. I ordered two and had my friend help me finish the second. You do get chips and salsa brought out to the table, but there is a charge for refills. WHO charges (especially a Mexican restaurant) for refills on chips and salsa???????? The soda drink that you order is brought out in a can, do there are no free refills on that either -- so don't come here thirsty!!! It was fun to try a new place, but I probably won't return.I found this location on my way home from work one night, so I decided to stop and check it out. I had never seen this location before so I was stoked when I found out it open up literally a week before. The store was very neat, so I had no problem navigating through each section.  The store was pretty empty, I assume because it wasnt a half off day, and it was on a week day. I was so OK with that because it gave me a chance to take my time to look through the goodies without having to compete for items. I was super lucky on this trip because I found this amazing vintage blouse for $7.99!! I was

* It provided a means to get        |  because the staff left long10% off anything at the                |  unsolicited messages about allFlamingo.                                       |  the things they could provide. You

Cons:

New, Clean and Appealing

3. Male friend ordered the Rising Sun(kobe with teriyaki glaze) was possibly the highlight of the meal. Soo yummy, but I think they forgot the avocado that's suppose to come with it. :\

5) Milkshakes are meh and super fatty. I usually get the strawberry lemonade.I hope that helps.And why three stars, you may ask? It's a regular old burger place, which makes it "A-OK" in my book. If In-N-Out offered a vegetarian burger and/or better fries, then they would be in the 4-5 star range. Alas, In-N-Out does not.The menu is minimal and the burgers are solid.  Quick and easy.Havent had this joint in awhile. Simply, heaven. However, this particular location made us a dried out burger and fries! Friendly staff though.i will say that i don't know what all the craze is about in-n-out ... their burgers are ok. for me they are too greasy. and just because they have a secret menu doesn't make their food any better. i go to this one in particular mostly because it is convenient. and the staff is friendly. service like with most in-n-out's is good but it take a long time to get your order ... not necessarily fast food.I went to this location of In n Out last night aaaaat about 1:30 am. Yes, I had had some beverages. That alone should have made this experience extra delicious....but it wasn't. There was a long line, understandable. When we got our food (I got a cheeseburger animal style, BF got a double double) it wasn't up to my expectations for In n Out. The bun didn't have that little bit of crispness that I've experienced at other locations, the tomato was mealy, and they skimped on the onions. Next time I have had some beverages and am craving In n out (which is a seldom occurrence) I might keep driving to the Mesa location, which I have had better experiences at.I love in-n-out but this is one of their busier stores that I have been to! The food was good but service wasn't exactly "in-n-out".I love In-N-Out, but this is the first time I've got to give them only 3 Stars.  I recently came to this location and ordered:Cheeseburger Animal Style, $2.25

We started with the house salad that was nothing great for a place of such history and the $$$$ they charge. Salad very ordinary, out dated for this era.

- x-ray capabilities on siteThe Bad:- much older lady in the front you have to deal with has quite a snippy attitude. just rude

for $23.08Side choices include: French Fries, Rice, Greek Salad, Avolemono Soup,

Kalbi Rib Eye - the pan fried rice ball on the bottom of the entree was delicious and teh sauce was good. It was typical average. All in all..everything was good, but average...nothing to special that you can't get at any other asia restaurant on Spring Mountain.The food here is good.  It's just too bad the portions are so small for the price you pay.  I would suggest this restaurant as a fifth meal.  Go hungry...stay hungry.The kalbi rib eye was excellent. Slices of rib eye over a crispy cake of white rice drizzled with a dark soy kalbi sauce...yum!  My husband had the lemon chicken which was great and maintained it's crispiness and the lemon sauce was not too overpowering. We also had the glazed grilled salmon and were pleasantly surprised at the nice portion.The service was less just "ok". I work for a gaming company that is HUGE on customer service, creating relationships with guests, and inviting them back. Not so much here. Our server barely hit the mark in friendliness, and that's all he was, just a food server which is why I gave them 3 stars. The food was excellent but if the quality of service was better, they would have earned the other 2 stars from me.Only a semi-woo for Woo restaurant!  The concept is pretty neat: Chinese fusion with smaller plates, tapas-style.  You gotta share dishes to enjoy it.  Luckily, I took a bunch of customers out to Woo, so we were able to order a lot and try a lot.  I enjoyed the honey/tamarind glazed ribs, yellowtail, seared tuna, and lobster tail.  The food is a bit bland in general though.  Maybe they wanted to cater to tourists not used to real Asian food.  The location/decor was a bit disappointing.  You'd think that being in the lovely Palazzo, it would be awesome.  But the place is hidden in a corner on the 2nd floor of a really quiet shopping area.  So I guess I'm thinking you could do much better than Woo.  It is an A-OK place, don't get me wrong.  It's just that you'd expect things to be super swanky or unique in Vegas, and Woo just wasn't enough.North is really good and really nice, but it's a bit to pricey for my liking. The atmosphere is pretty, but because I was with a large group we were sat outside where you hear and see everything that is going on in Kierland.I also felt like we were the only people under thirty five. The food was good and our waiter was nice, but I'd rather spend a chunk of change and go all out at The Olive Garden! Haha!I was hungry for some type of seafood so my friend and I came here.  The restaurant has a nice clean feel to it, and seems generally pretty busy.  We didn't have to wait for a table when we were there at about 7pm on a Sunday night.  We got started with the sundried tomato butter that came with our bread on the table.  We each had a glass of wine.  I had a Pinot Grigio, the slightly more expensive one.  I wasn't a huge fan of it though.  We did have the Zucca chips, which were delicious and very addictive.  We easily finished this.  I chose one of the specials, the halibut and my friend had the risotto.  The risotto was quite delcious, but I was very disappointed with my halibut..  It was very bland, and seemed to be seasoned with a little bit of salt.  It came with vegetables that didn't have much flavor either.  I had to ask the waiter for some lemons, but that didn't help that much either.  We were too full to have dessert, but I was too dissatisfied to even try.I chose this place for lunch on a recent trip to Kierland being that I scored a parking spot right in front! WooHoo!First of all they had a VERY unprofessional and inexperienced snot-nosed (literally) Hostess working that day.We almost decided not to stay because of the way we were treated

   Overall, it's ok. There are so many better options in the arrowhead area that have WAY better service.So I took some time and gave you another chance and I'm certainly glad I did!  I came back with a friend and we opted for cocktails over wine (we had a rough day).  Although I was a bummed my server hadn't tried any of the cocktails yet I appreciated her honesty.  We opted for mushrooms, the mac and cheese and creme brulees for dessert.  The only thing that was strange was the cheese tray..... The cheeses showcased were american, cheddar, monterry jack, and swiss.  Where is my havarti? my gouda? but most importantly- my brie? (yuuuum).  Disappointed in the lack of imagination of the cheese tray.  Otherwise everything else was a solid choice but I had tried them all before so it was to be expected.I finally had dinner here last night.  Love the ambiance,  we needed a spot like this over here. Service was great the entire meal and I cant wait to stop in for a coffee and pastry in the morning,  I think  this would be a great morning hangout.  I ordered the mushrooms, slightly overpriced but very yummy,  you are limited to one kind per order and I would love to see that changed,  there is so many choices it was really hard to have to pick just one. Also ordered the mac and cheese AND scalloped potato's because I couldn't decide between the two,  loved the mac and cheese but couldnt taste the truffle.  Unfortunately the potato's were burnt tasting and very bland.  My husband had the burger and it was very tasty, the bun is way over sized for the size of the meat so you are left with alot of extra bread would love to see a smaller bun or a bigger burger just to even it up a bit,  his potato's that came with his burger were spot on awesome!! We ordered the chocolate dream for dessert, again for what you get a little overpriced, a small rather dry piece of chocolate bunt cake that  is screaming for some sauce poured over the top, a wee small scoop (4 bites) of chocolate ice cream with a super good espresso sauce and A piece of fudge cut in half that was exquisite. We each had a glass of wine that was good,  they do a special on Tue and wed that sounds good, mushrooms and a bottle for 22,  and half price bottle on wed. one last thing, I noticed some really low prices on other reviewers posts and that must have been grand opening prices because it's not that cheep now.When I heard about the mushroom bar, this sounded like an ideal place for me to go.  In the end I would suggest this place as it stands currently as a place for a drink and an appetizer of stuffed mushrooms before going elsewhere for a full meal.The drinks were excellent.  I suggest the cucumber melon drink on the menu, served in a copper mug.  They really should build this up as a special drink on the menu... as Hanny's in downtown does with a very similar cocktail.  It is quite tasty!My partner and I shared two of the portobello mushrooms and were very pleased with them - tasty, but a bit costly at $8 each.  They were certainly fantastic.The dinner, however, took quite a long time to come out, and when it did was not worth the fanfare that the appetizer had created.  I had a burger The bun was delicious, the meat... standard, and I ordered Chipotle mayo on the side.  The potatoes served with it were nicely spiced on the outside, but once biting in, the center was dry and uninteresting (I dipped them in extra chipotle mayo and it was quite good).My partner had the Penne pasta.  We were hoping for a bigger surprise with the pasta, but it was your standard pasta from any run-of-the-mill Italian restaurant.I will definitely be willing to give this restaurant another chance especially since I work nearby and the lunch menu looked better, but do hope that next time the dinner menu matches up to the drinks and the appetizers.  This place has potential, so I hope to see it move up in the coming months!The food is Five Stars when Chef Ray is doing the cooking but the service still needs some work . Even at three stars this is the best food that you can get out in this immediate area that I know of .I usually come here for the happy hour after work which is good. My boyfriend really likes it.

It's equipped with a massage bed and chair & I believe a tanning bed, but have never used any since it's usually packed when I go. Everyone usually minds their own business and "selfie" addicts are about 10% so that's a bonus. I mean you don't want to be doing a workout & needing the mirrors to make sure you're doing proper postures & a selfie fanatic is blocking your way, right? Right! Cleanliness: +1 star

The hotel rooms are varied.  We booked three rooms, my room has sink noise, the doors doesnt close properly in the restroom and the toilet doesnt flush right.  It is clean, the bed is soft and the TV is flat screen.Overall, Its a fun and exciting place to stay!  However, the price doesnt justify it.It was a mission every time we left our room... left, right, right, down the elevator, right, left, down another elevator, right, right, left... LOBBY! I felt like a mouse in a maze... imagine trying to find your room DRUNK!!Rooms are huge, decor nice, but atmosphere is too um, serious for me? serious dealers, classical music playing almost everywhere, even in the casino. When I gamble I prefer it to be loud, music wailing and everyone looks like they are having a good time... it just seemed that every one was serious at the tables. I think this hotel is a little more for the family/older crowd.Okay, got a suite. Nice room, The hotel smelled like strong perfume3.5 starsIt's beautiful inside the lobby and outside the front. Their suites are a 3, but their lobby bumps up their score .5. Their suites are sort of dingy and outdated. I learned Venetian had something called "the pizza party" you could order from room service. I was out with the girls and some of them took a taxi van back to our room to order "the pizza party".The other two girls convinced me to stay out with their friend, a promoter. We were heading over to Christian Audigier's club which I was against as I don't even like his shirts and can only imagine what his club is like. The promoter was friends with 3 6 Mafia and the girls were stoked about meeting the short one with gold teeth. We were walking over from Haze and met up with the 3 6 guy on their way out of the club. They invited us to go to another club and all I kept thinking was my feet hurt and I really want to try "the pizza party". At this point I had sent 5 texts and 2 phone calls regarding when the girls were ordering and how soon it would arrive. I had it in my head I was going back to eat and no one gets in my way when I'm hungry.This guy in all his cocky rapper glory was like where are you going mamma?! I wanna go where you're going and and what's this party? Um..... I'm going back to the Venetian because they have something called the pizza party. It's this unusually large pizza with salad and wings. What?! You don't want to party with me? Can I go with you for this pizza party thang? I said sure, but it's going to be very boring as we're just a group of girls dressed in pjs eating our brains out. You'll have more fun with the club and the other two girls want to go with you so it was nice meeting you, bye-eeeh. The promoter and I rushed back to the suite to eat, eat, and eat. I got back and asked, "where's the pizza party guys?" They said it was just too big and we ordered from a regular place. WTF?! I said fine, but I'm eating how much I planned to eat and I hope there's enough food left for everyone else. They just laughed and said "oh Grace". We received our delivery and there was just enough food for me and the girls. As we were finishing the other two girls came back and asked, "Is there any food left?" The girls answered um no.... Grace, nuff said. Why did the girls come back early, you ask? Because that rapper guy stuck his head up one of the girl's dresses in the middle of the club while she was dancing. They freaked out and left immediately.Lessons learned-

me: uh yeah what flavors do you have?

RAZOR CLAMS: Chef special, stir fried razor clams in garlic and peppers with a kick of spice to them. Cool presentation, but wouldn't get again. Dinner for two with two beers (Boston Brown Ale, so good!) came to $60 before tip, largely due to the razor clam special which was unexpectedly $18. Would have rather had two different appetizers instead. Good place to watch the game in a low-key setting with tasty food.EDIT: Dropping a star due to inconsistency. Came back a couple of times and dishes always seem to be hit or miss. Recently, their porkbelly rice dish was 99% fat and none in our group cared for their take on papaya salad. The buns are always good, garlic noodles are chewy and fragrant, and the fish tacos are a HH-only item for me because they're good but tiny... but I feel like ordering outside of my few go-to dishes is risky.I've been here a couple of times. 3 Stars for food and 4 Stars for atmosphere.  Being Vietnamese, I have a certain standard for our food. I also appreciate fusion food. I love what District One is trying to do by modernizing Vietnamese cuisine and appealing to a certain demographic. This place is cool, hip and a joint I would want to hang out at with my friends. However, I am less impressed with the food. Pho is very lacking in flavor, portions of appetizers are really small and prices are higher end compared to other Viet restaurants. I was most dissapointed by the hamachi tacos. 3 of the tiniest tacos the size of a pinky finger and literally a teaspoon of fish in each for over $10. I also ordered the oxtail fries. It had an interesting flavor with Viet spices that were very pronounced. It was ok but the 6+ chunks of gelatinous fat really grossed us out. These pieces were about 2×2" of pure fat! I think they were trying to pay homage to the oxtail fries at Bachi but really fell short. Wings are always good and the steak and egg platter was as well. There was a nice selection of seafood on their specials board including razor clams, octupus and oysters. I'll try more menu items next time and adjust stars accordingly.The fish tacos are tiny. The atmosphere is good and the service is good. Nothing else to say in this review.It isn't regularly on the menu but the sea bass sashimi style with their papaya salad was the best.  Shrimp skewers ok fish tacos good. Read all the reviews about the ox tail pho. It was good but I guess it was the hype. The highlight was the real coconut juice wow. And the coconut ice cream was good too.

2) bartender screwed up twice

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aBLx9JlAMq_AuW6VAImSwg?select=0QyTXrou9KTH477vIOxaWg#0QyTXrou9KTH477vIOxaWgA pic of my nephew's side of pancakes http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aBLx9JlAMq_AuW6VAImSwg?select=WaeabUhvm3nHqN9G4nLH8A#WaeabUhvm3nHqN9G4nLH8A"a bed of sweet potato hash browns topped with two Happy Eggs

The poor waiter was not very good, however. Couldn't tell if he was fairly new and struggling (though it was about noon on a Monday and not very busy) or if he should just move on to another profession. Overall it was like a gimmicky tropical TGIS'sCame here to watch UFC104.It's like a Rain Forest Cafe minus the annoying @ss animatronics.  Because nothing sucks more than eating TGIF type food with a robotic silverback ape going...well...going apesh%t.$25 minimum purchase per head if you want to stay and watch the fight.No problem.  Let me get 3 Goose and Tonics please.  Oh and that gimmicky sampler platter with the dry ice volcano so my boisterous  buddy can be entertained for a couple of minutes.We watched the fight (Shogun Rua should've gotten the decision).  The douche bag behind was being annoying. You know the type.  The son of dirty tramp thought he knew it all.  Telling other people that they were wrong.  Giving his two bits when no one gave two sh%ts what he was saying.I had had enough!  I channeled all my anger and ninja skills into one glorious fist.   I was ready throwdown with him.  I turn around and see that he's a mean looking 6'5 and 250.  Then think to myself that he's lucky I had a fresh drink to attend and that really, I'm too nice of a guy.  If not, I would have mashed out that fool.  I go back to my Goose and tonic.I wouldn't come back to eat dinner here.  Cuz really, the food is pretty weak.  I would comeback to watch PPV events.  And next time, I'm fighting that giant douche rag and putting on my own PPV and knockin' that fool the f@ck out!  Holla-atcha-boy!Smitcha, wake up.  Get your head off the table and finish your drink.Here's the scoop on what we had to do for UFC fight night:

I called several leak detection places, but Accurate Leak Detection (ALD) was the only one who claimed they would find the leak, and if not, you did not pay.  As one would expect that also came with a premium price.  They were the most expensive of everyone I called.

area was close to the strip and we just got off the plane and wanted something fast because we wanted to hit the casinos

4. Chippendales show -- you know you're curious for some hunka, hunka, burnin' love.Bookmarked for another time:

 After a run to the bathroom (super fun bathrooms, worth the visit), we decided to do some dancing. The LED background is neat, I especially liked that on one of the upper floors you can walk behind it. The dancefloor however is pretty tiny for a 60,000 sq foot club, and it being that size, you get the sense that they'll pretty much let anyone in. I encountered more than a few obnoxious people, with bad dance floor manners, but I guess that's just par for the course.

V
