WAFFLES; HappinessThese waffles are amazing. Not only is it really cheap, the waffles are extremely filling. I can't finish one by myself!The waffles are made from balls of dough, not batter, so the waffles are extremely dense, rich, and just heaven on your mouth.

My college buddy and a couple of friends from my neighborhood know my style fairly well. I do need to be happy especially at times like this. 

He corrected my coffin shape from a previous tech and did my fill in. He worked efficiently and had me laughing the whole time. I enjoyed myself. 

Eager to start my first photography class ever, I bought a Minolta X-700 SLR....still continuing with my passion for photography, today I shoot mostly digital, but I still (when I feel like shooting film) use that camera.The employees here are all extremely helpful and really nice. I come here every so often still to get my Ilford B&W 400 speed film. They have a decent selection of films and a pretty vast selection of cameras for those who are looking to buy new or used. I love this shop.My husband just called me telling me about a very caring employee Mariah who went over and above to make his stay comfortable. The room is spaceous clean and a great valueFinally, an honest place to take your car.  Don't bother looking anywhere else.  The owner takes the time to review everything with you and explains everything in detail.  The place is great. Thank you.I took my 2013 Chevy Tahoe here because Sands Chevrolet in Surprise told me I needed $600+ worth of maintenance. Over the phone Sun City Auto Service said it would be about half that price, but they also said according to the owners manual I shouldn't need any of that work done. I brought it in today and they checked everything and found that I really didn't need any of that work done. They didn't charge me for checking anything. When my vehicle does need the maintenance done, I will be returning to Sun City Auto Service.Took my '95 Cady ETS in for the A/C to be recharged.  Casey and the team did a thorough inspection and helped me get the car running great!  Over the weekend we noticed a wire hanging and took it back and Casey reattached a bracket that had come loose - all fixed, no charge!Great service!The team at Midas Sun City are some of the best I've met. Honest, caring and reliable. Always willing to go the extra mile and make things right.Thanks for being honest and straightforward, guys! They actually recommended that I call the dealership to find out if a repair would be covered under the transmission warranty, before agreeing to go ahead with the repairs. Turns out it's covered, and they saved me couple hundred bucks. :):) Can't beat that service!!Honest, friendly, knowledgeable, fair, and polite. I get a little nervous when someone else works on my vehicle. They allowed me to watch the whole process. When their original diagnosis was wrong they went to option b and didn't charge me for the unneeded replacement. They usually very busy, but we'll worth any wait.What a great group of guys!!  My AC stopped working in June (ugh!) and they had me fixed up in no time and for a great price.  Very knowledgeable and honest, took the time to explain everything and gave me my options.  I won't take my car anywhere else.Tony the manager of Midas auto repair Sun City went above and beyond the call of duty. Not only did he backup is warranty at no charge to us ,an employee's wife delivered parts over 150 miles to Flagstaff. Although we had not planned on Tuesdays stay in Flagstaff we enjoyed the scene in Sedona very much . thank you so much Tony for your wonderful service. signed ,the LarsonsI cannot express how grateful I am for the level of service I receive every time I visit Midas. I've been going there for about 10 years and won't go anywhere else. Tony and his staff care about not only my vehicle but me as a person. They are honest, caring and trustworthy. If your vehicle needs work, don't go anywhere else.Great golf shop. Super prices, friendly, knowledgeable staff. Just about anything you would want for your golf game in a friendly, not pushy atmosphere. Nice return policy for clubs and stuff, just in case what you purchased turns out to be not for you. Opens at 8 am. Wonderful mix of new and used clubs at good prices. Not much, if anything, negative to say about Van's.Great staff. They went to bat for me with a manufacturer of an expensive laser. The easy answer was to tell me I'm out of luck since it was several years out of warranty. But they sent it back to manufacturer and when they couldn't get it fixed they persuaded manufacturer gave me a new unit.  Awesome customer service!Dr Mark Barakat treated me this evening for several retinal tears.  It was a surgery involving lasers and God knows what else.  He told me it would be painless and frankly the most painful part was insertion of the IV. Dr Barakat told me everything in detail about what was going to happen,  how it would be done and how long it would take me to recover.  I love this guy. 

Fresh juices would also be a welcome addition but lack of them doesn't bring down my rating. 

We always order the Jabroni (which we did) and of course it  was amazing as usual. We also ordered the Pinnichio for the first time.  I am very picky when it comes to sausage on pizza.  This sausage was amazing!  The spice from the Anaheim chilies was perfect.   This may have taken over as my favorite pizza there. 

I will definitely come back to this place whenever I visit Scottsdale  (don't say Phoenix in this part of town)Enjoyed a wonderful lunch at the Montauk yesterday.   Had a great waiter named Morgan. He was very informative and attentive. Loved the lobster rolls.The lobster roll was great and drinks were better. Christina was an awesome waitress!Order the tuna tartar and guacamole as well as the lobster roll! Both were excellent! Christina, who helped us provided an experience that should be held as a standard across all restaurants. It's very refreshing to receive quality service. I'd also recommend trying to the burrata if you have a couple of people to share things with. The general ambiance of the restaurant is pleasant to be in during the day and at night. They have nice live music in the evening (at pleasant volume).I will undoubtedly come back here again.A friend and I flew in to Scottsdale for a night out and found this place in the heart of the city. Christina was absolutely amazing with all aspects of her service. She honestly made us feel at home.Really recommend the tuna tartare guacamole and the burrata.We will definitely be coming back the next time we're in the area!Great food, great location. And awesome for lunch and day drinking. Bartenders are friendly and very attentive - which is a rarity in this town! Even the management staff is friendly and they'll come to your table and ask how your service is.Super friendly waitress and amazing watermelon mules!  Nice atmosphere sitting out back!!First time there and it was amazing! My waiter, morgan helped me decide on fish tacos, they were great! Wonderful service and food, one of my new favoritesWhat's a good place to have Saturday drinks with friends? Probably anywhere in oldtown to be honest, but I ended up at The Montauk... And so glad I did! The ambiance is really nice and laid back, gave me the beachy chillax feel (even though Arizona doesn't have a beach...grrr).The service was meh... it was a beautiful day out and everyone was out enjoying the weather, so it was crazy busy, but still. The first round of drinks came up pretty quick, but then when ordered another round, they never came up... When I asked the bartender, she admitted that she forgot to make them. (No ding in stars, though, just because their watermelon mule was awesome -- I HIGHLY recommend it -- and I was pretty happy by the time I needed to order a second round.) My friend had some cantelope drink, which was not that great... stick to the mule, people!The food menu looked really good, although I had just eaten so I didn't order anything but drinks. I want to come back for the food at some point, and try that out as well. As a bonus, while I was sitting there talking with my friends, I kept feeling someone was staring at me... Turns out, it was -- ready for the shoutout?! -- Kristen B.!!! A fellow yelper I met at an the amazing Sol Yelp Event I had gone to a few weeks ago! How awesome is that?! So while the excruciating wait for our second round of drinks to come up, we got to mingle with some amazing yelpers!Came in with a few friends on Friday. Such a fun lively spot the music was upbeat and the bar was busy. We got a table outside and Christina was our server! She killed it! Made awesome suggestions on drinks and food. The tuna guac is to die for and the cherry whiskey smash is heaven if you live jamoson. Great place to start your weekend off!The warm lobster roll!!! The end. It's amazing. The decor is so fun very beachy, very montsuk, nicely done. The service was great Christina took care of us in sofa area. Very confortable, she made us feel at home very funny and nice. Felt like I had been friends with her for years. Great spot coming back soon.I highly recommend The Montauk... everything from the food, to the atmosphere, to the music, to the management.. TOP NOTCH. Thanks to Dillon for making our experience the best ever. I've been there on several occasions and my favorite time is Sundays for Brunch. Get there early though!I visited Scottsdale for spring training with my girlfriends and we loved coming to the Montauk for dinner! Loved the atmosphere of the restaurant.. it had a laidback, but still upscale vibe. The food was delicious (loved the cauliflower fried rice), and the service was exceptional. Our waiter, Morgan, really solidified my positive review. I will definitely be back when I am in Scottsdale.My experience at this restaurant was great, the Lobster roll really buttered my biscuit! Morgan's service was top notch, I would give him a 10/10. I am going to tell everyone about the Montauk in scottsdale!Great place for brunch , lunch, or dinner with friends. Atmosphere inside reminds me of an Americana boat party. Highly recommend for the successful twenties-thirties crowd.Food, service, atmosphere, location--all ON POINT. It's a struggle for me to find anything negative to say whatsoever, which is a big deal in the restaurant biz, especially coming from someone who worked in the industry for 8+ years.  I know I already touched on this, but this place is absolutely beautiful, the servers are knowledgable and friendly, and the food is to die. The Poke and Won ton chips...omg, can I go back now!?I've never been to Montauk but if this is what it's like, I'm all in! Came here for a quick work lunch and fell in love with their lobster roll! It's priced at $18 so I'm glad that there was a nice kale side salad that came with it. Sometimes lobster rolls can be overloaded with weird mayonnaise sauces or butter, but this one was perfect! The roll was soft yet slightly crisp on the inside from being heated on the stove top and the lobster had the perfect flavor and texture. I was really happy with my choice and honestly could eat this every single day! The restaurant was not busy during lunch and service was on point. Our waiter was really great at checking up on us throughout our meal and even when there was a mix-up with one of our orders, he handled it like a champ! Looking forward to coming back here on my next visit to Scottsdale.Photo of my beautiful lobster roll: (https://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-montauk-scottsdale-3?select=u1TEv2cJaBZov8-JmKOHmA&userid=fgwI3rYHOv1ipfVfCSx7pg)Beach front vibes sans the water....that's what you'll get at The Montauk! The bright interior and themed decor really does transport you out the desert for a minute. I was in town for work meetings and we came here. If you're looking for a quick thirty minute lunch, this might not be the most ideal place to go. Kudos to the team at Montauk for getting a group of at least 8 people in and out in about an hour! So many things on the menu caught my eye, but I'm a salad for lunch type...I just can't help it! I ordered the avocado and pink grapefruit salad and added shrimp. It's served with mixed greens, jalapeño, feta, pumpkin seeds with a vinaigrette. It was the perfect entree salad- delicious and nutritious! Others dishes ordered in our group were the lobster roll, truffle fries, tuna tartare guacamole and cauliflower flower fried rice. The minute we walked in, I swept away to Montauk and I'd definitely return for a more leisurely meal.One of the best bartenders we have found recently.  If you are looking for a specialty cocktail with a great laid back, beachy vibe The Montauk is your destination.  They also had a great menu available.Very cool looking atmosphere. The drinks also appear to be fresh and tasty! The only thing I would change is the green (carpet?) 'grass' as the floor. If you come - request Morgan hill. He's a super nice guy and will make your experience worth it!Great food and service.  Thanks especially to Morgan for making sure we were taken care of!I've been here twice and I don't have one bad thing to say. I had a great time both visits. Great music, great food...great vibe! I'd recommend to anyone looking for an overall great time!We had a great lunch! Fun place great porch outdoors. 

I noticed some people complained about the patty size.  The proprietors claim they use 6oz of beef in each burger and I believe that to be true.  You can't go too thick on the beef with a stuffed burger, otherwise the inside just doesn't get cooked through.

With value, quality, and taste all coming together, I've given 5 stars now.In love with their sandwiches, they need to make more locations in Phoenix! These subs are so cheap. You can get a 12 inch Vietnamese sub for like $4. CASH ONLY. This is how they keep their prices so low.You've gotta come here and get one of their baguettes.  They are the freshest, softest and most flavorful baguettes from anywhere in the whole Valley.  One of their fresh warm baguettes and a couple of tablespoons of soft, sweet cream butter and you have yourself the best breakfast in the world!They also create amazing Vietnamese sandwiches using those same delicious baguettes.  It's all amazingly fresh and tasty, but we forewarned before you arrive that they are a cash only operation, so hit up your bank's ATM on the way, or pay the convenience fee to use the freestanding ATM inside of Lee's.Best Vietnamese sandwiches ever! Cheap too (bring cash). I have had almost all the sandwiches, and they are all good, but roast pork is the best. Also, try the pate chaud (baked buns with meat inside) and the steamed buns! Me, my wife, and kids love them both! I also really enjoy the honey chrysanthemum tea! You can get a ton of food for cheap and its awesomely delicious!!!!!Best boba smoothy I have had!  Must try, go early because for some reason they run out.  Should really knock a few stars off for that reason~Simple yet amazingggg #5 grilled pork sandwich!!! YumBest Vietnamese Baguettes in town, hands down. They bake all their baguettes fresh daily'; they even have glass doors through their baking process so guests can see it. The meat to condiments ratio is just right for my taste buds. They only accept cash so "prices can stay low" (I think that is bogus, though, because they recently increased the price); but they are so yummy, it will be worth the money. Anyway, try their baguettes. My favorite is the Special Combination sandwich which I think is number 11. Pair it with a Viet Iced Coffee to wash down the food. That, my friend, is a great combo.I'll tell you the bummer first. Lee's is CASH-ONLY. If you don't have cash, they do have a private ATM in the dining room that will rape you with a hefty service charge. But...it's worth it. Get back in line and wait for a tasty American style sandwich, but do it on a croissant....good, or step out of your comfort zone and try a Viet sub on a crusty French baguette loaf..BEST (#11 Special combo rocks!)  Whatever you do, if you DON"T like jalapenos, tell them! Other items of note are to be found in the hot-case. Ready-to-eat spicy chicken wings, crunchy thin egg rolls, and a little treat called 'pate chaud'. Picture of a buttery, flaky exterior, almost like filo-dough, with a hot pork or chicken meatball on the inside. They're great for breakfast! Smoothies? Oh yeah, with or w/o boba balls. Avocado (l know , I know...but you just have to try it). or mango..homeade Rocky Road ice cream - best I've ever had! Don't eat it all, save some for me :)Best banh mi sandwich in Arizona. Wish I lived closer, but it is worth the trip on the weekend for a delicious, fresh, authentic banh mi. French horns are to die for, get there when they open and they will still be a little warm. Cash only!Lees is the place for a great, cheap and fresh sandwich... a couple of suggestions..  They make fresh Baguettes every day and are $1.50 ea. I recommend a smoothie, they are very very good. And dont forget its CASH ONLY.Love the banh mi. I won't say it's the best I've ever had, but it's darn good...especially considering that Lee's Sandwich Shop is a chain. The bread is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Wish it came with a little more meat. You can request it, but it costs extra. ;) The BBQ pork sandwich is pretty good too. Their service is fast and efficient, and they are pretty friendly. I LOVE their iced coffee. Perfect amount of coffee/condensed milk ratio. Nice strong flavor, even tho there is a lot of ice. FYI, they use chipped ice, so it will definitely come up the staw. It doesnt bother me, but some of my friends hate that. ;)Came here straight from the airport in need of some strong coffee and a sandwich to kick off our house hunting trip. I have been wanting to visit a Lee's for a long time but could never seem to get there until now. It was worth the wait and now that I am moving to Chandler, I can go whenever I want!!I am a huge fan of banh mi and my husband likes them too but is new to the concept. So I ordered him the grilled pork vietnamese sandwich and ordered myself a pork and pate one. The combo sandwich I wanted was not available but this did not dampen my experience. The bread the sandwiches are served on is special. Its creamy, flavorful, soft on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside. The meats inside are very good but they take second stage to the bread in my opinion. My mom complains that they skimp on the fillings but I didn't find that to be the case for me. A sandwich with bread that good would be overwhelmed by too much meat. For me, I felt the sandwich was balanced perfectly with the right amount of meat, pickled veggies, cilantro, and jalapeno.Of course, we ordered the iced coffees which hit the spot and got us energized for our long afternoon. Next time I would order a large one because they really pack the cup full of crushed ice (this makes it nice and cold) so you don't get as much coffee.fresh bread baked daily, CASH ONLY!  and they do breakfast.  :)Freshly baked French baguettes and pastries, strong Vietnamese iced coffee, and delicious sandwiches here. You can't really go wrong here, but do bring cash; they don't take credit or debit cards here (though there is an ATM inside). The prices are reasonable and the place is kept clean. It's always a pleasure to come here.The bread really makes the sandwich.  Plus not stingy with the meat.  Always very clean.  Fast.  & they have some AWESOME smoothies in cool flavors!This place never fails to impress with the sandwiches they serve. I order either the #1 or the #5 without pickled veggies (not a huge fan of pickled veggies).The bread is usually baked fresh and delicious. The grilled pork and various meats taste great. I also end up ordering the Lychee smoothie with every meal.Even though you have to pay in cash (they have a on site ATM), it's worth it.I would seriously give this place a shot if you have not already.Do you like coffee?Do you like actually staying alert for those extra needed hours of a cram sesh before a test or a god awful double shift in retail?Go to Lees and order the Vietnamese iced coffee. Lawd have mercy it is like the holy grail of legal stimulants. For my health conscious friends, forewarning that this bad boy has probably a half of cup of sweetened condensed milk in it but it's totally worth it! It's soo delicious and yes you will stay up allll night. If you work at a normal time in the am do not drink one of these after three because you will not be sleeping until 130am - true story... Oh and the sandwiches are really good too!The line may be a little long at lunchtime, but it's only because their sandwiches are delicious!They offer both American (think deli meat on fresh croissants or baguettes) and Asian sandwiches (with grilled meat, veggies and pate.) Honestly I couldn't tell you which kind is better because they're both so yummy.Amazing sandwiches, fresh bread on the #5 pork sandwich is amazing (bahn mi) so light and simple but full of good Vietnamese flavor. The other speciality teas and drinks look amazing, will explore more on next visit!Cheap eats done machine-gun style. If you're expecting fawning service and polite smalltalk, keep walking, because Lee's is all about getting you in and out. Especially during the lunch crush. That's fine with me, because really all I want is to pick up my bag of relatively inexpensive sandwiches and get on with things. For more adventurous eaters, there are a wide variety of Asian sandwiches-and the menu is growing all the time. For the timid, all your favorite Sysco near-meat products are available on baguette or croissant. In addition to sandwiches, they have a small variety of Asian-street-foody options, many blended and mixed (soft) drinks, ice cream, and a dozen variations on the ever-popular highly-caffeinated Vietnamese coffee. Occasionally it smells faintly like cat pee, but that seems to coincide with the appearance of a fresh batch of durian ice cream. Durian: when smelling terrible is the sign of wholesome freshness!I've been in love with Lee's Vietnamese sandwiches since I was a kid back in SoCal and Texas. Saddened to find out the closest one to me now is 2 hours away, it's a treat when I get to have it. I usually order a bunch so I can take some home with me, ha! Their store is huge with many seating areas and has many options ranging from just the baked goods, to specialty drinks (including fresh, pure sugarcane juice!), to their sandwiches. I've enjoyed their Vietnamese coffee in the past before but that's all I've really explored besides their sandwiches. I recommend the BBQ pork sandwich as well as the Combination.

I am sure that for most visitors that little extra goes unnoticed when you are astounded by the overall opulance of the hotal and casino.

Three of us order two different crepes to share with combinations of banana, strawberries, hot chocolate and caramel. How could you go wrong and a great way to wrap up a night with an awesome plate of sweetness!I was immediately greeted upon arrival. I came in specifically for a crepe, so I started to look at the menu with my sisters. Then the guy who greeted us gave my sisters and I a little piece of paper to fill out. Which I think is a great idea! It prevents mistakes, you basically fill out the paper with all the toppings you want in your crepe. The lady who made the crepes did an amazing job because they were delicious!!! The customer service here is above and beyond. The guy who was working the register was super nice made me feel very welcomed. I will for sure hands down be back soon!!Absolutely great place. I live just up the street from here and I'm so glad I found this place. The service was great. Super friendly and very attentive. The crepe and the float were awesome. 10/10 would come again.Calm setting, great place to get an amazing desert I recommend this place to all my friends. Staff is extremely friendly and helpful with suggesting items if it's your first time in. My personal favorite is creating custom crapes.This place was empty when we got there. I was expecting the worse but I definitely judged a book. Y it's cover. The crepes were AMAZING. The portion was huge and the fruit was very fresh! The owners were very nice and were very considerate and super friendly! Had a great conversation with them. I would recommend this place to anyone!My friend and I decided to try tasty crepes and neither of us were disappointed. My crepe was stuffed with fresh fruit and thrifty ice cream with strawberry syrup. Located in the same complex as Roberto's on trop/ft Apache. Just be aware of their hours! They don't open until after noon time. The place is clean, inviting and the service was fast and friendly. Aside from crepes they have a variety of other items ranging from boba, Thai tea, waffles, Ice cream and mango sticky rice.Definitely a GO-TO for a simple crepe spot! Most crepe places have TOO much to choose from and they keep their menu simple and basic, but with all the favorites to be included. Plus the have fresh chocolate covered bananas which is a MUST. Philip and his wife are the owners and such a humble pair of mom-and-pop entrepreneurs!! This will definitely be one of our favorite places to have a great dessert on any given day!What a DELIGHT! I wanted something sweet so I pulled up my go to application for restaurants, Yelp! This little hidden gem popped up first. I'll make what could be a long review about how much I LOVED this restaurant short. It was clean, the owner( I assume she was anyhow) was SUPER friendly, the options were plentiful and the food was SO GOOD! I ordered a waffle with vanilla icecream, strawberries, Nutella, chocolate and caramel. The waffle was hot and fluffy, the strawberries were fresh and the icecream was just sweet enough. I'm happy to add this restaurant to my list of favs! :)Walked in and the first thing that hits you is the sweet smell of the crepe batter.  It's a warm comforting smell, can't really explain it.The man that was helping/checking us out was very friendly.  Since we are new to all this foodie heaven paradise, he had to help us mark our order and give us a rundown of how to order on the papers provided.The gentleman brought our food to the table, and the pizza crepe was HUUUUGE!  Much more bigger than I thought it would be.  I got peperoni/salami, cheese, pizza sauce and mushrooms. It was very TASTY indeed.  The hubbs' was very good too.  Loved the contrast between cold ice cream and warm nutella.We will be coming here again :)Tasty Crepes? It's definitely tasty!! I've been here a couple of times with my family and it's my favorite to-go place when we're craving for some sweets. The crepes here are delicious, they never disappoint. But I have to warn you, the portion is rather large. Other than that, I love how they have thrifty ice cream here. Chocolate malted crunch is my favorite. The owners here are really sweet. Will be back soon!CREPE HEAVEN!! Their crepes are HUGE, and that's even without the ice cream. Their frozen fruits covered in chocolate taste amazing, and their super friendly here. Can't find a single thing to complain about. Come stop by whenever you get the chance, otherwise you're missing out :)I LOVE THIS PLACE SO MUCH ! Best desserts in town I go practically every weekend. The crepes are delicious filled with so much fresh fruit fresh whipped cream delicious ice cream. I've only tried the sweet crepes, the chocolate covered fruit and the Strawberry Shortcake sundae. Everything is so good there I highly recommend it to anyone that's looking for a delicious place that serves desserts. The owners of the place are the sweetest people ever they make you feel like you're always welcome. The punch card is the best system ever I always have a punch card.Such a hidden gem! I had both a savory and sweet crepe and both where amazing! the ice cream was do die for! I will be returning very soon!!! Well worth every penny spent!I was shocked at how HUGE this crepe was!!! It was fabulous! Perfect for sharing! You've gotta try this and the staff was great, and really clean place!!Nice to find a good dessert place by our house.  Really enjoyed it, the employees were very nice.  The crepe topping choices were excellent.Delicious!!! They guys that were there were super friendly ! Excited to come back for another!! :)Love this spot! First time going today and it definitely won't be my last! I tried the 6 pieces of frozen fruit with chocolate and different toppings which is a great bargain at $3.50. My favorite was the chocolate&peanuts covered banana, the dark chocolate mango, and the white chocolate pineapple. My boyfriend had the chocolate covered cheesecake which was amaze balls! Telling everyone I know about this hidden gem! Cute little dessert spot that doesn't break the bank!This place is soooooooo gooooood! They are so awesome. They make great crepes and however you like. Customize just for you on how you like it. This place is so clean and nice. The people that own it are very nice and down to earth people. Easy to talk to. I sooooo recommend this place to everyone, anyone, that would like any great dessert and food. You will not regret how bomb there dessert and food is. The price for the food is so worth it and the portion they give you. Seriously you won't be sorry.Great place to go for savory or sweet dishes. They also have shave ice-and it's the real deal, not the weird icy mess some places serve. The price for a crepe is around $9, but well worth it. Portions are large!!  Kids leave happy and fullHuge fan on the crepes here. Very decent portion sizes and delicious! Among the other many desserts to choose from, this is the place to go. Staff is also friendly!Still coming here, still awesome!  They have the freshest fruit, perfect crepes.  You owe it to yourself to try this place,you won't be disappointed.I Love this place!! Fresh made crepes, and they are Very generous with everything. They cut the fruit right in front of u so you see how fresh they are. They also make DELI CREPES! And They are to Die for. Not to mention the amazingly friendly staff. This Place needs 10 stars. You must try this place if you are craving Anything sweet. Ice Cream, Frozen Fruit, Crepes, Food, they've got it all!! :)Best crepes in the world!  Friendly service. Awesome Taro Boba smoothie, shave ice, ice cream, fresh fruit. Something for everyone !!!!Roboworld is one of the largest robotic exhibits in the world. You can talk with a robot, see robots throughout the history of the cinema, including Hal, B-9 from Lost in Space, and of course R2D2 and C3PO from Star Wars. Test you skills by playing basketball with a robot, and even perform an operation. Fun stuff from the Carnegie Science Center.Automated fun.Start with the boring stuff first here and then spend the rest of the day just puttering along with the hands on stuff (although the boring stuff may not be seen as boring).  We walked the wall that had the Robot Hall of Fame and ended up at the photo booth bench thing at the end.  The photo op area is by far the best thing in this little section.  You pick up to six robots you want in the picture with you and a background and wait for the picture to be taken.  After the picture is taken you have the choice to put in your email address and have it mailed to you, or you can just forget about it.Then the fun begins, you go from section to section to see if you can outwit the robots.  You could easily waste all your time here in this one part of the science center.  There are tons to do here, but for me to list them all would leave nothing to be discovered.  You just need to experience it yourself.First of all, this place is first class and it was built for its residents, not for the folks that live down the hill or Buckeye. If Talisa U is complaining  about not letting her join our residents club, it's because you're not a resident within the community.... I get that you like shopping up here instead of buckeye, that's why we all live up here, it's safe and clean and we want to keep it that way, move up here is the simple answer.The club itself is awesome.  Amenities galore and serene.  Beware of front desk worker Lynn M.  She is rude, abrasive and inconsiderate.  Her people skills deserve zero stars however the club itself is awesome!With the coming of Cafe Delhi to Carnegie, we finally started to get some good options for ethnic cuisine. The newest contender is Suzy's Sandwiches & Deli. Not sure how  recently they opened but I noticed them today and, as I was in the mood for a snack, I stopped in. They are in the location of the old E Main Deli and are a little mom and pop Mediterranean joint. I had the pleasure of chatting with the owners a bit and trying a couple of things. I went in just to get a spinach pie (with feta, of course) and left with some hummus, stuffed grape leaves, and baklava. I love Mediterranean food and these folks do it right. The hummus was just the right balance of the chickpeas, tahini, and lemon. I could seriously just sit and eat it with a spoon. The grape leaves were seasoned nicely and not at all super oily like you sometimes encounter. The spinach pie was also quite delicious. I'm a little too full at present to try the baklava that I purchased but I have no doubts that it will also be tasty. I plan on ordering food from there tomorrow night for dinner. I'm thinking I'll try the Kafta and the Baba next. If you're in the area, I heartily recommend trying them out.So excited this deli is In Carnegie! I had a taste for Tabbouli and was not disappointed! I'm going back tomorrow for the Baba Ghannouj, grape leaves & spinach pie!Nice addition to Carnegie.  Very clean, reasonable prices and excellent food.  Hope that the community supports this establishment.Just had an amazing lunch here. The food was all homemade including the pita. I ordered the Kafta combo platter and my husband ordered the meat pie combo and we both had a hard time finishing. The hummus was great and the meat was perfectly spiced and cooked. We will definitely going back soon!Went to them to get some assistance with taking out a home equity and I was blown away by their attention to detail and truly understanding my needs. I would definitely recommend everyone looking for this type of service to contact this company.Terry Minich lead the charge through all the paperwork that is required for a refinance. The rules changed since the last time I refinanced my home and Terry was there to make sure it went smoothly. Terry was responsive to my questions and went above and beyond with his follow up and paper chase. Thank you for all of your persistence to ensure the refinance went through before the rate lock expired!People's Home Equity helped me refinance my condo and did a terrific job .  I am not very experienced in the real estate  but Sean M. Was very helpful and patient throughout the process.  People's Home Equity was always available to help me or answer questions about the process.  In the end, I got a terrific deal and I was able to lower my interest rate which helped me get out debt.  I would definitely use Peoples  Home Equity for any future work.One of the highlights of Christmas in Pittsburgh is a visit to the Miniature Railroad & Village at the Carnegie Science Center. Who doesn't love trains chugging along a miniature village? For over fifty years people have marveled at the turn of the century village consisting of greater Pittsburgh area landmarks like Forbes Field (sans light towers since its depicted to be the Forbes Field built in 1909) the Monongahela Incline, the Point Bridge, Falling Water, and Luna Park. That's only a few of the Landmarks! Watch as the sun goes down and the village lights up at sundown. This is a classic Pittsburgh tradition!Such an amazing feat to have accomplished here.  Such meticulous work went into recreating landmarks throughout southwestern Pennsylvania, not just Pittsburgh.  Along the perimeter are informational plaques that clue you into where/what you see in front of you.The one thing I enjoy most here is that they actually transition between day and night.  With that you get to see just how dedicated to detail they were when creating this place.  Every little house, building, and vehicle has some type of light that comes on to illuminate the small world set before you.If you have a little one with you, makes sure to make your way to the back of the room where the conductor sits.  The conductor will call over your little one and ask them to blow the train whistle.  Such a thrill for you to see and more of a thrill for the little one you have with you.By the time that you have completed the loop you kind of want to start all over again.This is one of my favorite attractions at the science center. I am amazed at the amount of care and detail that goes into each design of the structures. There's so much to see that one visit isn't quite enough. Most recently I had the best visit. 

The installers were great!  My experience since the installation has been uneventful which is exactly what I wanted! Nothing to stress over!  Wife loves the soft water and I love the drinking water system!Marty came out to change reverse osmosis filters and get the soft water up and working again. Kinetico honored their warranty on soft water drain valves. R/O is working perfect and bill was a little over $200.the sales associate was extremely nice, explained all the systems available. We found something we absolutely liked and the installation was very professional as well. It was installed very quickly and the installers were very courteous. We had service come out after to change something out and that was completely covered at no cost.We had the FLECK Water Softener and K-5 Reverse Osmosis drinking water system installed today in our home.  The installation technicians were Shawn and Ian.  They did an excellent job in coordinating the Water Softener with the previously installed Hansen's Home Water Treatment System that the original owner had purchased for our home.  Also, they informed us of the details in monitoring our system moving forward.  Obviously, it's too early for us to report any results of this investment, or experience with their potential follow-up service calls, however, my previous experience with Kinetico many years ago in another State along with their Las Vegas salesperson, Jeremy, moved us to choose Kinetico as our water consultant company.Best customer service in las vegas! Sales rep knowledgeable with water science, didn't try to upsell, actually gave other vendor options.   Priced better than purchase and install on my own.  Installed by very courteous men who didn't mind explaining what they were doing and why...really,  I was hovering and it didn't bother them in the least. They left no trace they were even in the home, clean and meticulous. 3 days after install rep came out to inspect and test water chemistry levels, found drinking water could be better and ordered service call on the spot. I find the drinking water excellent but rep insisted,  i have the best...yeah me!  If you want the best, these guys have it - all I can say is WOW.We had the most expensive system installed, but it only costs us minimal per month. We could not be happier with the system. Clark county has the hardest water in the country, and who knows what has been dumped into lake mead. My children are most important and now they are protected.The guy that installed the system was named Shawn, and he was vey courteous, on time, and super professional. He even removed his shoes before coming in the house without us asking.Sandra and her husband jake were extremely thorough.If you are shopping around for water softener, you can find cheaper options, but ours is the best and maintenance free. Zero electricity usage. I highly recommend this company and we are happy.  They have a long warranty too! Top quality.We recently bought a home that was 11 years old and it never had a water softener in it. We recently purchased the Kinetico RO, dechlorinator and softener. Even though our home was not built for install of a softener, the installer found a way to make it work. YAY!! With every use of the water we can tell it is cleaning out the remains of hard water build up in the lines. Our hair and skin improves daily and shows the result of having the best water conditioner and softener available. In comparison to other systems we have had in the past we only wish we would have purchased this system many years ago. Our sales person Nancy explained everything in detail and made it a very easy decision. Thank you Kinetico!This gym is just plain awesome.  Not too big.  Not too small.  Just the right size.  Look I've turned this review into the Three Bears Workout.  For those of you that have not been to an Anytime Fitness, they are just that.  Anytime.  You are given a key fob that will allow you to access any of their gyms nationwide anytime.  I go back to visit family in Oklahoma and can go to the gyms there.  The thing that I like the most is that when I went in to get a membership, the staff was beyond easy going.  No giant sales pitch.  No up-selling.  No gaming.  Just a "let me show you around the gym" and "here is our pricing"  Done.  They have a small class area upstairs that can be used for video based workout classes when they don't have live classes going on.  Pros

1.) Wer wirklich chinesisch essen möchte fragt nach der chinesischen Karte. Diese gibt es inzwischen auch mit einer Übersetzung. Hier ist kein Gericht aus der normalen Karte zu finden. Dafür ungewöhnliche Gerichte mit noch ungewöhnlicheren Zutaten. 2.) Auf der normalen Karte befindet sich eine flambierte Marmorkuchenkugel mit Eisfüllung als Nachtisch zu einem unschlagbar günstigen Preis. BESTELLEN! ESSEN! Ich habe in meinem ganzen Leben noch nie eine solch leckere Köstlichkeit gegessen!Allgemein

The restaurant was fairly busy, but we didn't have any dramas in getting seated. The restaurant was very clean and the wait staff very helpful. Our waiter sort of leaned is towards the all you can eat breakfast buffet which we decided to agree to. 

 - it is an amazing setup and the actors were great. i don't know how much it differs year to year, but i was incredibly impressed with the quality and special effects.

We've only ordered pizza from here twice, but both times it was exactly as we expected and craved. Friendly fast delivery. Exactly as we ordered it, I'm picky! No cheese in a pool off to one side, that other review had me worried. 

I ordered the Carnitas skillet which was just enough and soo good, Carnitas almost as good as I get in Mexico.  We also ordered the Baja & Shrimp tacos which were also very good. We got too many drinks to describe each but I definitely enjoyed each one. Don't even get me started on how amazing their fresh aguas are!

When he was all done, I couldn't even tell there was any damage, he really did a great job!!! If you live in Vegas and need something fixed for a great price and excellent quality I would recommend Iconic Construction. I created this Yelp account just so I could comment on what a great job they did!!!These are good guys! Prices are reasonable, work is great quality and fast.

3: Bay Leaf Chicken Tikka: my husband said that this was the best chicken dish he had eaten all year! (And he's a very particular/picky eater!)

3) Shrimp in cream sauce: yummmm. Great flavor!

nutella (1)

Food was very yummy.

They accept online orders on their website and the prices are reasonable.

But to our surprise, the manager delivered our food, apologized for the long wait, and insisted that it was on the house. What?! That is so nice. That chorizo hash was really good. Maybe it was also the hospitality that made it so delicious. Lastly, the pancakes was very interesting (in a good way and not in a way where you want to be respectful or nice. If it taste nasty I would just say it) The sugar created a crispy crust that balanced the mushy banana pieces in the pancake. Interesting.This is the only post office I've ever been to that has friendly employees! I had to see two different employees and they were both really nice and actually smiling! I def recommend this Post Office. I was here around 10am and I didn't have to wait at all, both times.I am saddened to read the previous reviews for I was in there today to mail a letter and had nothing but great service and a great experience. They had every desk working with very pleasant employees. During the holiday season that is not always the case at any USPS.  They continually passed cookies to help with the wait which I felt was not necessary but that is great customer service. On top of that, they had very fun upbeat holiday music. All in all a very positive experience and on top of which they had employees constantly going up and down the line asking to help people to expedite service.  This is a GREAT office, and will return here without a doubt!The US Postal Service near Via Ventura really does a great job! You can weigh your letters on the scale without waiting in line. This morning I was heading over to mail a letter at my local mailbox when I saw a mail truck coming toward me.  What's this? The truck turned in at my street and stopped at my driveway. Need something? Turns out the mailman saw the letter in my hand and just wanted to save me the trip to mail it.  As I gave it to him I noticed his smile and pleasant demeaner. I want to thank Orlando for his kindness and excellent service.  I know you will be and already are a success.Outstanding value, taste, freshness, and service. Ordered Chicken Bacon Artichoke deLITE and Herb Chicken Mediterranean deLITE - DELICIOUS. 

I read the other reviews on yelp and can only think that if you think you are the only customer a business has then you will always be disappointed. I was informed that once I accepted the bid late on a friday that I would be called on monday. This is totally reasonable and I did not have any issues with this information.The drywall was also done in a timely and professional manner. Juan did a fabulous job and even fixed a few other "issues" in the imperfection of the surrounding drywall!Will use and recommend!I used Payne and Sons for my flat roof refoaming 5 years ago. They did an excellent job and I have had no problems with my roof.  Now they are doing the 5-year re-coat, and I know they will do another great job.  They are professional, prompt, and honest, and I highly recommend them for your roofing work!Easy to communicate with. I felt they had a solid and sound understanding of what repairs I needed on my roof in February. They didn't try to fix things that didn't really need it. They were trustworthy thorough and completed quality work. I will use them again for sure.We just had our 30 yr old roof replaced with Payne and Sons and as a realtor I am very familiar with the roofing industry and I not only use them for my personal home but refer them to clients as well. Their pricing is competitive and their quality is top notch. Their lead time is also very quick which is important when you need repairs or replacement done as soon as possible (which most people do right?!). Give Jason a call...you won't find anyone better!!!We have had work done by Payne and Sons in the past. Excellent job. I called them again after the inspection on our house listed several roof issues. Although the buyers of our home preferred a different roofing company, we wanted a second opinion from Payne and Sons. The very nice young man that came to our home was came on very short notice, was profession, friendly, and very helpful. He provided me with his estimate and his feedback. We are grateful to him for his assistance and 2nd opinion. It helped put our mind at ease. Thank you Payne and Sons!This MC is on my way to work. In the mornings I usually go and get some coffee to wake me up. I ordered one of their mcafe things and an apple pie. The coffee was great and with some creamer it tasted damn good. The apple pie was awesome and reminded me of how much I loved  the warm apple pies my mom was preparing me when I was a little kid. Even though it was really hot when I got it, that first bite tasted like heaven. Mixed with the coffee and considering how inexpensive the meal was itself I must say my breakfast was so good. I know it is not the healthiest of choices but sometimes I like to throw health out the window when it comes to being happy and eating things that just taste really really good. I'll probably get breakfast there more often now especially since I don't really like eating breakfast at home.Always so fast, consistent and courteous. Nice to see the same people working there for many years.This shop does fantastic work at a great price. I highly recommend Larry. We took our sedan in to get the rear window tint removed and redone. Larry was very knowledgable, communicated details and recommendations well, and was willing to try and accommodate our schedule.The tint is crystal clear with no blurs, and he did the entire rear windshield with one piece. Couldn't be happier.Larry did an excellent job tinting the windows on our Prius!  I have been 

#6779Incredible.  Amazing.  Spellbinding.  Fantastic.  Adjectives cannot really do justice since this is a true sensory experience.  8 people in a semi-circle.  Many many many courses all lovingly assembled in the most artistic way you can imagine.  Get the drink pairing.  An over the top experience.  You're not a real foodie until you've done this!My husband and I decided to splurge for our 5 year anniversary and try the molecular gastronomy cuisine that this place has to offer. We made our reservations about a month in advance thru email, printed, signed and scanned our confirmation, and received our golden tickets in the mail. We arrived at the host stand at Jaleo and were seated at the bar, while we waited for the rest of the party to arrive, and made drink selections. We opted to get one cocktail pairing and one mocktail pairing. We were escorted into the back room, which is decorated rather "whimsically" in a room lined with library card catalogue drawers and a little doll in a cage. It was a little weird, but not off-putting.The chefs introduced themselves and began creating our first cocktail with some liquid nitrogen. From then on each of the many courses were assembled in front of us and then served "fine dining" style so we could all eat at the same time and comment on what we enjoyed about the dish. This was a lot of fun, and really, everything was so good. Some of the standouts for me (and I don't have the menu in front of me, I'll just put it in lamest terms) were the blue cheese filled appetizer, the chicken dish, and the pork dish. I surprisingly also liked the chocolate shavings with the olive oil - which is a combo I would never think would work, but did! Anyway, I won't go into detail with every dish, because I'm sure the menu changes all the time, so you don't know what to except, but it is so worth it. The cocktail pairing was not exclusively wine, as usual with most restaurants, but actually included a few cocktails, some wine, a beer and a coffee drink. The mocktail included drinks similar to the cocktail pairing, albeit alcohol, and some things like tomato water, watermelon fresca, and sangria. I thought the mocktail pairing was really fun, and I was glad my husband and I ordered both so we could try all of it. The service was impeccable. My only complaint was that I didn't get to see as much "molecular gastronomy" as I had hoped, since most of the items were already prepared ahead of time, then just assembled in front of you. Still, worth the experience and the $$$$ you will spend. Left the restaurant feeling satisfied and buzzed. Good times!If you have the privelage to step into this world of food heaven simply called "e" you will not be disappointed. So personal, so relaxed, so magical, so amazingly delicious... It's worth every penny. All the other yelpers summed it up, so I won't repeat their words of praise and will end this review with one simple recommendation... Go and savor every bite! - guest #7006Wow! Everything about e was amazing. From the service to the drinks to every delicious morsel of food I stuffed in my body. Great dining experience, very intimate and interesting. Highly recommend this to any "foodie" out there who appreciates trying new foods and experiences!Yay, we finally got to experience molecular gastronomy cuisine after watching it on the food network for so many years.  Great place to go for a special occasion, love getting the golden tickets in the mail  :)Price wasn't too bad when you consider you're paying for a show and food.  Probably not coming back anytime soon, too many other good places to try in Vegas.Awesome evening out. Food, service and overall experience was wonderful. We opted for a bottle of wine instead of the drink pairings and were very pleased with the staff's recommendations.I've been to many of Jose Andres' restaurants and while most have been amazing, I've also been let down by a few. For this reason, I wasn't sure what to expect at e. Obviously it's a very different experience than most of his restaurants with only 8 seats and the sheer exclusivity of it adds to the experience itself. I have to say though that for me, e is the pinnacle of what JA stands for -- AMAZING food, a unique and unfortgettable experience and service bar none. I'm not going to get into every dish we had as every review above and below me has already done that plus the menu changes constantly so your meal will differ from mine anyways.  I will say that every dish that came out was even more amazing than the one you just had and thought couldn't be topped. I can't even pick a 'favorite' as almost all of them were my favorites! My least favorite (if there was a least!) was actually the salt encrusted roasted foie gras. I've never had foie gras prepared this way and have to admit I definitely prefer it sauteed or pate style. Don't get me wrong it was okay but roasting it seemed to mellow the fg tasted which for this fg-lover is the last thing I ever wanna do. ;-)  The amazing food aside, everything else about e is spectacular. It really is like watching a show unfold in front of you with the Chef preparing almost everything right before your eyes. I also love how the servers and chefs coordinate to serve every diner at the exact same moment. The timing is truly amazing. If you get the chance to go, most definitely GO - don't even think twice about it! Yes, it's not cheap but it's worth EVERY penny and is a dinner you won't ever forget! :-)Dinner for two without alcohol is $600. With wine-pairing for two is $1500 including tips. Is it worthy? DEFINITELY!!!Make your reservation now and plan a trip around it. Its definitely once a lifetime experience!To call é a restaurant is a huge oversimplification.   é is a mix of high-end restaurant, stage show, cooking school, and private dinner party that's completely different from anything I've ever experienced before.Reservations were hard to get.  Phone calls are a no-go -- and you have to email at least a month in advance.  Even then, a signed form and credit card guarantee are required before the spot is officially yours.  The work is worth it once that beautiful golden ticket arrives in the mail 2 weeks later.  (There are only two seatings per night, 8 people each.  If you *really* want a seat, it helps to be flexible with dates.)I went to é on a Sunday night, my last in Vegas.  I showed my ticket to the hostess at Jaleo, and she sat me at a table with the other guests waiting to be escorted into é's secret dining room in the back (which is awesomely decorated like a surrealist's library).  What struck me is how the people visiting é are *not* typical Vegas tourists and gamblers.  Apparently, é is a magnet for critics, bloggers, food photographers, (Yelpers?), and general gastrophiles -- in short, people who adore good food and adore talking about it even more.  It's very easy to make new friends at é!Once inside, we were introduced to Chef Cody Jeffs and his team of sous chefs and servers.  A server took our drink orders -- a glass of Sauvignon blanc for me -- from Jaleo's drink menu.  (FYI, é offers a very elaborate and expensive wine pairing.  Don't feel peer-pressured to order it.  Nobody in our group of 8 did, and everything about the experience was still fantastic.)Then the show began!  And what a show it was.  Twenty courses of world-class molecular gastronomy assembled before my very eyes.  Throughout the experience, there was lots of banter, laughter, clinking of glasses, and questions and interactions with Chef Jeffs.  é may be upscale, but it's completely unpretentious.  It's lots of fun, actually!  (The word I heard most often was "whoa!!!".)There were too many dishes to detail, but here's the basic rundown of what I tasted:1. Rebujito cocktail

There were only four of us in the class, which we were told was unusual (but we loved it!).  We were accompanied by another mother and daughter. Meredith guided all of us through each of the necessary steps and had us all working together as a fun team. 

Then, you walk in, and WOW! The place is stunning, so beautifully decorated and clean and did I say beautiful and stunning and clean? Makes you feel comfortable already.

Pinspiration is located in a cute outdoor mall. There are several neat mom and pop stores and several restaurants you can walk to...I suggest make a fun day out of it! 

Old Country Store 

I was wrong. THESE ARE THE BEST CUPCAKES I HAVE EVER TASTED. Better than Sprinkles and Crumb...... anywhere. The fruit cupcakes had pieces of fruit in them and the frosting just melted in my mouth. We had even put them in the fridge and had them 24 hours later and they were amazing. 

Don't get upset your favorite flavour is gone! Try something new!HIghly recommended: Peanut Butter Fudge

I highly recommend Dr. VreNon to anyone who needs cosmetic work done or really anything at all!I couldn't ask for a better dentist! I've always had anxiety visiting the dentist, but not here. The staff is SUPER friendly & accommodating. The office is clean and they have the most up-to-date equipment. A couple years ago, I needed an emergency root canal and they got me in right away. This office was much more reasonably priced than others. Dr. VreNon did an excellent job-- it was fast and practically painless, plus they did the crown in office that day, rather than in 2 separate appointments. He also extracted my wisdom teeth and that was virtually painless as well! Minimal swelling and down time. Would recommend them to anyone!Dr VreNon is great! The front desk staff is amazing as well, but the hygienists are all stars! I have learned more about my teeth here than when I was in college.Love the food and all the ladies!!!! HATE HATE HATE the graveyard bartender ..... Have has four yes four different and each time awful interactions with him! Guarantee he cost them business nightly!!!!!We love the lodge. Always friendly bartenders. Relaxing atmosphere. We always meet great people here!This is my go-to local bar. I have been coming here once/twice a week for about 4 months. The service is always fast, the food is always hot and they are good about comping drinks when you play at the bar. It has an awesome lounge area near the bar and pool tables. Its great for socializing. It isnt for the foodie, but its great for a quick bite and a good time. Try:

Management team was greatI have attended 8 classes so far and I can definitely assure you all classes I have attended so far required a "break" for me in the leg and butt blasting routines. Don't get me wrong I love the soreness for the next day or so especially since I am in pretty good shape. I have been to pure barre as well but what I really enjoy about this studio is the variety. I don't want to attend a class and feel like I am doing the same exercises over and over again. I love the tweak in routine.The key to changing your body is mixing it up so that it  does not know what to expect. I really hope they keep this up as a motto for classes in the future I would hate to be disappointed. In addition I love how they also have a Sport Fusion class to provide a cardio blast if you so desire that route in lieu of a barre routine. They also offer a OM fusion class for you yogis out there. Words out they will offer an advanced and hot barre classes for those of you that desire a super butt blast! My favorite instructor so far is Jen Payne. I have been going to the 5:30 AM classes and it is worth the early arrive time. I still hear "Squeeze that Ball blaring my brain" even when I am not in class. There is not pussyfooting around in the hour long class so be prepared to sweat and make your legs shake. The studio is clean and the class limit is 20 so sign up ahead of time to reserve a spot. Side note: No showers :( but the classes are worth the run home to shower!Love this studio!!  I started going 1 week ago and I'm hooked!  The introductory special is great. You can go to any of the classes unlimited for 2 weeks. This gives you a good length of time to really determine if it works for you and fits your schedule. The workout itself...no pain, no gain!!  I highly recommend Carolina Barre & Core!!Cannot say enough great things about CBC! Not only do they offer a variety of classes and times, but the staff genuinely cares about each and every person that walks through the door. Whether you are seasoned at barre or have never stepped foot into any type of yoga/Pilates studio (like myself) there is no intimidation factor. I highly recommend Carolina Barre & Core to anyone who is looking for a challenging and rewarding experience that will make you want to come back day after day!Carolina Barre and Core is awesome. I was never one for " working out" until my friend asked me to try a class with her at CBC. I was hooked from day one! The instructors are amazing, welcoming, helpful, and fun. The classes are hard but full of encouragement and laughter.  I am grateful for the amazing instructors who push me everyday, the friendly faces who greet me and work out beside me at every class, and for the changes I have seen physically and mentally. I have been attending classes for a year now and I am looking forward to many more.I've been attending classes at Carolina Barre & Core through ClassPass - and I really enjoy them.  Its a great barre-inspired workout that gets you sore in all the right places.The studio is small and welcoming.  My first time there, they gave me a tour and definitely made sure that I felt welcome & at ease.  I've been in classes from anywhere from 2 - 10 people.  The instructors make sure you know what you're doing and will help you make modifications where necessary.  The class times are great and parking is easy - they even sent me a coupon for a free class for my birthday.I absolutely love Carolina Barre and Core! I have never done a workout that has had such an impact on both my physical and mental health. I have tried other barre classes and I never left any of them feeling as positive and strong as I do when I leave a class at CBC. All instructors are amazing and the environment is incredibly friendly and inviting. I love how all instructors make an effort to know your name and give personal attention. I contribute a lot of my recent weight loss to the classes I took at Carolina Barre and Core. Would give them a million stars if I couldI love taking classes at CBC! Since I started subscribing to classpass I've been coming to Carolina Barre and Core 3-4 times a month. The instructors are very friendly and help every member of the class with their form which I think is really nice. Classes are usually smaller than at the other barre studios I've been to and I love that because I don't feel squished into a tiny room. They offer a great deal for first time clients and offer special month passes during certain times of the year. I definitely would recommend trying CBC if you're looking for a great workout and an awesome studio!!The Shadyside area is filled with expensive salons which cater mostly to the ladies. Alder Street Barber is a throwback to the classic barber shop. No appointment needed. Just show up and get a cut. Adam does a great job of giving you exactly what you want. The atmosphere is relaxed and the other customers I have encountered have been outgoing and friendly. This is the kind of place where you can hang out and shoot the breeze while waiting your turn. The price is over half what I usually pay in Shadyside and the best part is I can swing by, get a haircut, and be out the door in 20 minutes. Very glad I found this place. Alder Street Barber fills a much needed niche in Shadyside.Adam runs a serious barber shop without all the pretense of Shadyside salons.  Best haircut and shave.  Forget the price because I think he should charge more, the service is top notch the location is centralized and well I just can't say enough.Solid haircut for a solid price ($15). Also the only place in Pittsburgh where you can get a haircut in an upscale garage while listening to jazz. CASH ONLY, contrary to the Yelp pageGreat to see a place like this in the city. I lived for years in Santa Fe, San Fran and grew up in Miami and this place would fit right in any one of those places - but it's in Pittsburgh, not there. It is one of those places that make Pittsburgh a special place. Oh, BTW I got a perfect haircut on top of it all. Will be back. Thanks Adam!The lone men's barbershop in a sea of Shadyside salons. You can get a great men's cut at a reasonable price ($15). The shop has a real cool vibe and Adam (owner/barber) keeps good tunes flowing.Straight razor shaves are offered as well. It's located in a garage behind Pizza Perfecta.Solid shop for a haircut. I've been going there for a few months now since switching from my old spot in Oakland. It's barely a two minute walk from my front door. Adam does a great job and responds really well to feedback. Relaxed atmosphere and good music. Highly recommend giving it a shot.This is one of the very few reviews I have ever written on Yelp!, but after getting my haircut at Adam's shop for the last couple of months I had to post one.  This is by far the coolest barber shop I have ever been too, and it has top quality.  It truly adds to the character of Shadyside.  Adam does a fantastic job and really establishes rapport with his customer.  He does a great job making sure it's exactly how you wanted and shows he appreciates your business.  If you haven't gotten your hair cut here, you probably should give it a try.  You won't be disappointed!I really liked the haircut my boyfriend got here :)Great barber shop. Really relaxed atmosphere. Very reasonably priced and Adam definitely knows what he's doing. Great rapport with customers. Always satisfied with my haircut.New to the area and searched for a place to get a haircut on google maps. I got a sweet cut for a great price. Definitely recommend this place to all guys looking a good value.Just got a great haircut here for a great price. There is a huge difference between a barber and a place that cuts hair. I would suggest this to any guy who wants a great haircut. Old school meets new!Everything about Alder Street is awesome. The atmosphere of the shop is very chill and laid back. The haircut was exactly what I asked for. Couldn't be more satisfied.....definitely going backSimply a great experience.  I was in town for work and needed a haircut.  Not a trim, a full blown cut.  The beard needed work as well...I was basically a cave-man looking for some help.Found the shop on Yelp, and the reviews seemed strong enough to make me make an appointment.  Spoke to Adam directly, he asked what I was coming in for and then fit me right in.Showed up 5 minutes early, easy parking, and walked into an awesome little shop.  Relaxed feel in the place, I hung out for a couple of minutes while the previous client finished up - he was clearly a regular, and left happy.Stepping into the chair, Adam was friendly and asked what I wanted to do, and then actually listened to what I wanted.  After that he went to work, and he did an excellent job.  He's clearly capable in giving you any type of modern or popular style that you'd want, while still having a unique touch that'll make your look killer, and the price is definitely right.Highly recommend, I'm going to stop in again before heading home.This is great place for the guys. Adam, the owner, has created a very hip and inviting space that makes you feel right at home. Fun decorations, plants, and wide garage door windows provide great light value make the place very comfortable. Fun tunes fill the room that can be switched to whatever at a moment's notice.Adam also gives great haircuts, as his photos as well as many of my own friends and acquaintances can attest. He's happy to accommodate to whatever you're looking for. His prices also beat what you can find at conventional salons, which generally cater to women.For the quality of his work, the great ambiance, and the price, Alder Street Butler can't be beat. Once you go here, you'll have trouble finding a better place to go.Finally someone that can make me look like a decent human! Adam is the best. Plus complimentary refreshments, good music and conversation. Killer A++Amazing hair cut, great guy, way better service then I've ever gotten at any chain barber. Will definitely be going back!Just had my first cut from Adam and will be going back. He did a great job and is super easy going. Price is right, cut is great and it's quick without being rushed.  It's in a cool little spot too being right off Highland.  Definitely give his shop a visit if you need tight haircut, couldn't recommend more.You should've seen my hair before the cut. This guy know what he is doing. I was like a completely different person after the cut. Best cut I've ever gotten.I got my haircut for the first time here this week. The space was welcoming and the atmosphere relaxed. Adam gave me a very different cut than I came in and I'm very glad I put my trust in his hands. He was meticulous and friendly and gave me the best haircut I've ever had. I've gotten compliments all day from the work Adam did and I've already made my next appointment.Adam is the best! I have known him a very long time and sent my boyfriend to see him at the shop. He loves it and has recommended it to all of his friends. The spot is relaxing and stylish and Adam is great at cutting many different hair types! I am always happy to recommend Alder Street Barber and no one has been disappointed yet! Great job Adam! Thank you for being a great example of entrepreneurship and a positive example in the community!I just moved to the area and of course needed a haircut right away. I was worried about having to get my haircut by an unknown barber (even one with fantastic reviews); however, a few minutes of talking with Adam quickly put me at ease. I received the best haircut of my life and will definitely be going back. Give Alder Street Barber a chance and you will not be disappointed.I gave adam a vague description of what I was looking for and it was like he read my mind. Definitely a great hair cut.Been going to Adam since day one but finally got around to writing a review. He's a super talented barber and has a great little shop. Cool, friendly vibes and you'll walk out looking better than you were before.  Definitely recommend.Adam is the man

The Joe's chain has another winner.I've been going to Liberty Market for a while, having everything from the meatball panini to the salmon plate. As great as the food is the atmosphere is even better. The culture of the people that come here is amazing, all very fun to be around. Customer service is top notch, it's great to hear words like "absolutely" "you got it " "perfect".Bring your laptop, chill, get some work done, order some potato salad. Long Live Liberty Market!AJLiberty Market is one of the best things about Gilbert. I've been here many times, with both family and friends. I love the look and feel of the restaurant, from the open kitchen to the coffee bar. And the food is always fantastic. I usually order the white pizza (pine nuts make the pizza taste so amazing) and my dad likes to get the tower burger. I've tried a few sandwiches and they are all good. The other day I tried the pasta bowl for the first time and I might start ordering that from now on. Everything is super fresh. You simply cannot live in (or visit) Gilbert without eating at Liberty Market at least once.Awesome- found this on yelp so thanks to all who posted reviews. I had the picnic sandwich with the sweet potatoes salad with a glass of tap Chardonnay. Great choice. Hubby had the flatiron steak with chimichurri sauce with veggies and smashed potatoes. It was to die for. Great food, great atmosphere. Repeat the next time we are in Gilbert.I can't believe I haven't  reviewed this place. It is number 1 on my breakfast" "go to" places. I like everything about Liberty Market. From the historical  Market door used as a white board posting specials as you walk in, to the hanging Edison bulb lighting, to the  exposed brick, it just screams cool. It is not a chain and the food is delicious.

This shop is the top of my list for all other purchases !  

7. Bellagio cocktail

Beef w/Baby Boc Choy

then the sample xanadew. I've tried all of them but the banana creme. They all are amazing. especially the xanadew. I have no idea what the flavor is but it's the best flavor I've ever tried in my life. It came in fast with a personalized hand written note from the owners. There flavors are unique and never get nasty and this is now my go to spot for vaping. I am more than excited to try all their flavors. I went from smoking 2 packs of Newports a day down to nothing. if you have a good vaporizer and a good liquid you can eventually stop. you just have to find what works best for you. I used to have a shitty e cig with not the right amount of nicotine so no wonder I still smoked. I now have the ipv4 and eleaf50watts with pink spot liquids and I am set!Great customer service.  The staff is very knowledgeable about their products.  They have a lot of options for vaping.  If you are new or want to start vaping this is the place to go.  They have helped me so much about understanding my device and anytime I go in and ask questions they are always eager to help.  This place is awesome.Ben was awesome! Very pleasant experience. The juice tasted great and the built my mid for me which was awesome!!Came to Pink Spot because we were already in the shopping center and needed to get our mods redone. Coming from Southern California, this shop was a unique experience. I've never been to a place that mixes juice on order like they do here. The staff was great, and very patient with the many tastings I require before choosing a juice. The atmosphere is top-notch, not like the many unfinished vape shops I've been to in the past; a very professional storefront. Price is great too; 3 12ml bottles for ~$20 is a good value in my book! All around, no complaints. Will definitely return the next time I'm in the area!This is the place to get your Vape on! Best quality juices and the guys that work there are knowledgeable on all the products and are willing to help with any and all questions!My husband and I went in today for some e-juice and the girl behind the counter was so informative and helpful that we decided to upgrade our vape to a new SUBOX Mini vape from Kangertech. We didn't catch her name but she was super sweet and her customer service was excellent and she knows the the products inside and out. And she even spent the time to show us how to use the new vape (she was very patient with my husband lol). Great service and product knowledge! Thank you!Great service. Pink Spot offers great e-juice, the latest vapor technology and outstanding service. They always have the best new vapes and they spend the time to explain the different options.What a great place to takes the kids and very Cheap. They serve shaved ice.The staff is very friendly and have many flavors to choose from. It is cash only. They also offer authentic hawaiian treats. Nice and clean. Its is locally ran and owned. Also noticed on their Facebook page they did some charity work too. 7 people and the bill was like 15$. Never realized the difference between shaved ice and snow cones until now. Shaved ice is better for sure. I love the texture of it!Authentic!  They don't have the ice cream (for the middle) yet, but they are working on it. Prices are extremely reasonable (they have large portions) and the syrups they use are all imported from Hawai'i. The owners are absolutely lovely and happy to help.The owners make this place special!! The shaved ice is unique and delicious! Plus the future plans sound exciting can't wait!They are the best!!!! lots of flavors great service!!!pitaya bowl!!!!!!!! super delicious!! %100 authentic!!! and the staff/owners are great!!!!!Love this place. My husband and I were in the mood for shaved ice and stopped here. Kevin was very nice and let us sample some of the most popular flavors. The prices are great for the amount of shaved ice you get. I love the free topping choices!I love this place SO much! They definitely got me hooked! The prices are super reasonable and affordable. When I went I got to sample many different flavors before choosing what I wanted. You get a TON of shaved ice for the price and ice cream on the bottom is only 50c more! This stuff is the real Hawaiian deal and I'll never go anywhere else!Finally found some good stuff here .... the best in Arizona ....Short Version: Awesome. JUST like being in Hawaii. Got the Dragon Blood, Hawaiian Punch and POG with Sour Spray, Ice Cream on bottom and Extra Snow Cap. Long Version: I debated between 4 stars and 5 stars here because of the really long wait and The ONLY reason this didn't get 4 stars is because the owners are SUPER apologetic and accommodating. Granted, it was busy and there is only one person making the shave ice so it's understandable.This place is a testament to exactly what solid, friendly service will do for a business. Patrons won't turn pissy for a long wait as long as the owners/employees acknowledge that there is a long wait, apologize and are friendly. So often do we go to restaurants now where the staff is pretentious and make you feel like you're lucky to be there (See: My "The Mission" Review). My nephew got little samples from the owner and shave ice maker in between him making it for other people. It's the little thoughtful things like that that keep customers happy and loyal.You get to pick 3 flavors for your shave ice and optional additions are ice cream on the bottom and snow cap on top as well as a sour spray. The sour spray is pretty sour, so beware. We love sour so it was perfect. I love snow cap so I asked for extra. I wasn't disappointed. I just need to bring my own condensed milk next time.I'd come back in a heartbeat.Best Hawaiian shave ice in the valley, Kevin(owner) is very nice and is passionate about the product that he provides. I highly recommend honeymoon flavor for the shave ice, and it is a MUST to have it with ice cream and the snowcap on top to finish!I went to Kamana 'Wana for the first time today and it was an awesome experience! The owner was very friendly and passionate about the ice. It is the best shave ice I have ever had. Way better than Bahama Buck's. Also, the prices can't be beat. I will be back with my friends and family.Love this place. We drove from the far west side to try it, was well worth the drive. This is a nice little shop. Clean and friendly. Love the dragon's blood and honeymoon flavors.After searching for a cool treat on a hot day we stumbled upon this gem. The owner, Kevin, went above and beyond to give us multiple samples, explained his product (his passion) and made us feel so welcome. The syrups are like nothing I've ever had, so sweet and fruity. They don't burn the back of your throat like the cheap sugary syrups and they don't dry out and leave you scooping hard, unflavored ice into your mouth. I also had the sour spray and snow cap. Both were divine! If your like sour patch kids, you'll love the spray. The prices are just dirt cheap. I'd pay double. Seriously. $4 total for two giant Hawaiian shaved ices plus toppings?!! We added ice cream to the bottom for an extra $0.50. I will definitely be back for more shaved ice and to try the cold-pressed coffee!Sooo so delicious. Yelp led me to this gem & wow I'm amazed. I really didn't know if it were going to be real Hawaiian kine shave ice (it was!) so happy we went & checked it out. Being from Hawaii, I was so excited to see all my favorite flavors and add ins (mochi, ice cream, & azuki beans) but, keep in mind, if you want the beans, call ahead because he doesn't always have them made. I got tigers blood & piña colada & it made a great combo. The owner, Kevin was so friendly & genuine. I like the passion he has for this little shop. Can't wait to go back! I'm already anticipating the flavors I'm going to get next time!Aloha!I just love this neighborhood hawaiiAn ice place! Kevin the owner is fun and friendly and constantly joking with customerS and spreading joy! His shaved ice are fabulous and they have so many unique flavor options! I love the Li Hing Mui, flown in from Hawaii! The entire atmosphere is Hawaiian and beautifully painted! In fact the treats Kevin and his small crew make are authentic to Hawaii and Kevin has told the story of growing up with them, living in Hawaii. The overall experience is fun and your taste buds have experienced nothing like this sweet snow that melts in your mouth! Be sure to get the snow cap of sweetened condensed milk! Oh it is the cherry on top! Oh and they have coffee and pitaya bowls that look delicious! And on top of all these wonderful things, the prices are very reasonable! I love this place and will be back! Again and again!I've searched high and low all over Phoenix for *real* Hawaiian shave ice and I cannot count the number of times I've been disappointed by what amounted to snow cones. Now that I've found this place though I shall search no more!Delicious shave ice, tons of flavor options and great customer service to boot. I'll be back again and again!My first 5 star rating. 

Kelly was amazing! I will be going back! If you need piercings, Kelly is the one to see!!!!Go see Randal at Illuminati He is nice professional and his work is amazing. Especially his neotraditional.. Solid line work and smooth shading..Go see Randy, he's mine and friends personal artist his work is awesome, he's nice, clean and professional..Randal is a bad ass Tattooer at Illuminati Tattoo and I recommend anyone go to that studioGot a few works of art done by Heif. She does amazing work.  I have been complimented daily for the ones she did on my forearms.  Getting ready for her to start a full sleve.  Highly recommend this shop as a whole, I have never gone in to a unfriendly face.  Hands down the best tattoo shop in the area!!!  But I'm partial to Heif.After reading some Yelp reviews my friend and I decided to check out illuminati for a dermal and a rook piercing. Kelly was our piercer and he was absolutely amazing. He's totally professional, friendly and knowledgable. Both of our piercings were completely healed in 2 weeks and he offered to change my jewelry for me when I was ready. We will definitely be coming back to him.Love Kelly at Illuminati Tattoo & Piercing! Before coming here, I visited 2 different shops but didn't get the piercings done, (something felt...."OFF". ) When I came into Illuminati, I was greeted promptly. Then Kelly came out, such a sweetheart. Kelly had ink on his face and didn't know it. (LOL). Kelly's coworkers began to laugh and told Kelly to look in the mirror. (LOL) Kelly was shocked to find ink plastered across his face. With a smile, Kelly turns to me and says, "How come you didn't tell me?" I said, "I thought it was a birth mark!" Then we all began to laugh! Hilarious! Kelly took me to the back and we proceeded to giggle more, (good way to kill the nerves!). When it came time for the piercing, Kelly was walking me through it: step by step... So gentle! Kelly educated me about the aftercare... I had an awesome experience beginning to end. I HIGHLY recommend this shop! Note: Cash preferred, however, there's an ATM inside the shop for our convenience!You will not find a better place! I had heard of the Daith piercing for migraines, and despite no scientific research, I was desperate. I researched for a month (the Daith piercing and locations) before I called the shop  on a Sunday to ask about the piercing and I was immediately put at easy as Kelly took me right though the process and answered my questions. Feeling very confident and comfortable (from my conversation and the previous reviews), I showed up to Illuminati the next day (Monday, and it was a holiday!). I was greeted promptly. Although Kelly wasn't there, the wait wasn't long. He immediately remembered our conversation and showed me what jewelry he was going to use before he even handed me the paperwork. He set up pretty quickly, and was really at ease around his craft. Kelly took me through the steps of the piercing putting me right at ease. His attitude and demeanor is the best, keeping me calm and comfortable while maintaining a professional air. As to my migraines, I came in with one, nauseous, and dizzy (typical symptoms for me). As soon as Kelly pierced the Daith, the nausea and dizziness stopped.  It's now been 7 days since I saw Kelly and I've yet to wake with a migraine on the right side (my "typical" side). I have had mild headaches throughout the day, but I can deal with that. I cannot wait to go back and get my left Daith pierced to slow the migraines on that side as well. If you need anything done, this is the shop! If you need anything pierced, go to KELLY!  Thank you again Kelly!KELLY!let me just say your pretty bad ass! so kind and easy spirited!i will be recommending everyone to you! 

- remove from the mixer and keep it moving, then make them "lisse" or smooth them

Awesome: Complimentary Coffee Cake.  BEST COFFEE CAKE....EVER!

Also, the place is really neat and relaxing.CT nails is amazing!!! I just went to Yen for a hard gel nail removal and to get a gel mani. She is very genuine and sweet. She made sure I was okay and not hurting while she removed my nails. I highly recommend her! For a first timer at this nail salon I will be back no doubt about it.Yen and her staff are the best. Professional, excellent technique, clean, friendly; without a doubt, the best nail care I've ever received.I came to CT Nails while visiting family. I was amazed at how clean this salon is. Yen was fantastic! Her staff was very welcoming, friendly and fun to talk to. The quality of service that was provided was excellent. I'll be back again when I visit. I left very happy with my nails.I get my gel manicure done by Yen all the time! I've been going to her for the past year. She is best.. She does whatever you ask for :) everyone is super nice and friendly too!I love CT Nails!!! Amazing service, beautiful nails every time, and such sweet workers! I love the owner, Yen!! She is the sweetest! Thank you! :)Yen is incredible!!!she did an amazing job for me and my two nieces !!! Very nice and friendly!!!I will be back for a gel manicure and pedicure every time I travel back to Vegas. Ct Nails sits in the strip mall across from our hotel.They are AMAZING!! Yen is so sweet and truly cares about the finished product. Yen and her husband truly care about their customers. They use all natural products and pride themselves is quality of service. I cannot say enough about how wonderful my experience was. Thank you Yen. See you soon. :)Yen is the best! I get gel manicure everytime. I used to have a problem with my gel peeling and chipping within the first week with various other nail artists. At CT nails my mani n pedi looks perfect everytime and they last so long that my reason for going back is not bc polish chipped off but because I want a new color!Before I started coming here regularly, I would constantly go on the search to find a great nail salon. I would get disappointed each and every time. But ever since I started coming here I've gotten nothing but great service. I love my nails and eyebrows after each visit. And the staff is so super extra sweet!! I also recommend this salon to everyone I meet. They even give discounts if you work in the plaza, even though they don't have to. It just goes to show how much they give back to the community!Best in the West!! I moved from Chicago to here and they did nails very well there. But when I moved here I tried several places before CT Nails and went to Yen. She's sooo awesome!!! Her unique style and knowledge of nails is incredible. I've sent her several clients and now they are regulars like myself. She is super friendly and is fast too!! And also speaks English VERY well too ( very helpful) The shop is very clean and comfortable and plenty of parking. I love this place a million times over!!!!! Love you Yen...always coming back over and over...would NEVER go elsewhere!!!!!CT Nails is the only place I will get my mani pedi and gels! The staff under Yen is kind professional and do such a great job EVERY time! Thanks to CT I don't ever have unattractive toes feet or nails!!!Yen is a true professional and does an excellent job always. Love her!!!  And the shop is immaculate too.I've been coming to this nail salon for 2 years! Most amazing service I have ever received and they do a beautiful job on my nails! Im an extremely picky person when it comes to my nails but i never have to worry, Yen does an amazing job!! Thank you so much guys!! Your awesome!!My favorite place ever,Yen doing great job!Yen is amazing and very friendly.  I have always had a hard time with my nails lifting. I can go 3 weeks with no life at all.  You can tell Yen takes pride in her work and it shows.  Highly recommend CT Nails.Been coming here for 6 months now love the service, no attitude and reasonable prices. I always call ahead if I'm in a hurry to make sure I have 2 people working on me at the same time. Just got my holiday nail designs today love it! Thanks guys!Yen does an amazing job. She is professional and cares for every detail. Highly recommend.Yen is so amazing at her job here. She is very friendly to all of her customers. She always gets me in when I call and her work is amazing. I can't say enough about her and this salon. I absolutely recommend her to all of my friends. I'm a customer for life.Been looking for a nail place for months! Finally found them and they are amazing!! Highly recommend!Yen is a true professional and a pleasure to deal with as is her entire staff. Always goes the extra mile in the quality of her work and in taking good care of her clientsI've gone to CT Nails for about 2 years and I've loved them ever since. They are so welcoming and every time I come in, I leave extremely happy! Yen usually does my acrylic nails and she's amazing! 10/10I stopped in to treat myself to a full set, and this salon is so great! I had a limited amount of time, and I was late for dinner, but it was worth it! My nails look great! Everyone was so friendly and wonderful! I will certainly be back! Thank you!!I was looking for a new nail salon because I had my daughter in town for the week. I've been to plenty of salons and have been disappointed for one reason or another with the results. Today I found everything I was looking for with CT Nails. They provided stellar customer service and did a beautiful job on my mani and pedi. I'm EXTREMELY Happy...  Thank you Yen and Kai!!! I will be recommending you to all my friends and employees!!Wonderful pedicure.... Made to feel at home... Took an amazing amount of time to do it perfectly. The color choices were vast... Friendly technicians. The next time I am in Las Vegas I will go back... Well worth the drive to Henderson.Had a GREAT  pedicure with Tom. Meticulous and a GREAT  massage. A beautiful and CLEAN nail salon. I was shown a menu and prices so I didn't have to guess as to what the price would be.Experienced, detail oriented and listens carefully to her clients! Ask for Yen! 

Rock fish

I will definitely return.I had my appointment with iFocus Vision Center yesterday, didn't know what to expect since I've hadn't had an eye exam for god knows how long.  After my appointment to my surprise I really enjoyed my experience there.  I left feeling really good.  The staff along with Dr. Velaco are great.!  Dr Velaco even gave me a coupon to for the dry eye medication she suggested that I buy.  Very caring of her.  Thanks guys.I went there after reading good reviews on here and I loved it! I can say I finally found my first "good" doctor in Las Vegas. Dr. Velasco was so nice, and definitely knew what she was talking about. She got me out of my old contacts - that she said are outdated (yet no other eye doctor said a thing to me about them) and put me into the most comfortable contacts I have ever had. The assistant, Sarah, was so nice too. I had told her I wanted to look at glasses when I got out and she had a bunch of  nice pairs waiting for me when I came out. They have a  section of eyeglasses that are $100 (frames and lens) that were super cute too. So if you are looking for cute, cheap glasses, you should be able to find some here!  They also have the designer frames too. There were so many frames I loved here, so definitely a good selction. You won't be disappointed with this place - I wasn't.It was time for my yearly eye exam and to order new contact lenses. Still fairly new to town, I could not decide which Optometrist to choose from my vision insurance's long list of approved doctors. Thanks to yelp, I decided to go with Dr. Velasco since all the reviews written here were 5-stars!Dr. Velasco is awesome!! She ran through many tests and ordered several different trial contact lenses to make sure that I was fitted with "the right one." She told me that my old contacts were "outdated" and not the brand/type that she would recommend to her clients. Wow! I was impressed with the way that she took her time to conduct a thorough eye exam and how she explained everything to me and answered my questions. I feel like the other Optometrists I saw in the past only did a few tests, did not say much and just ordered whatever type of contacts that they wanted. Dr. Velasco also discovered that I have Astigmatism. I'm not sure how long I have had the condition, but my old Optometrists never mentioned anything to me!

I think because this place takes chances with seasoning and overall outlook is why so many people might be unhappy with Arribas or this location in general. I on the other hand PROMOTE this thought process. I don't want food that's bland that a place kicks off the line to the people outside than enjoy bland food. That makes for a BLAND place that's filled with, well, bland people. This place uses heat, salt, pepper, and other spices that I don't know of. What a freaking great idea! Too hot for you? Then don't eat food that is 99% based on heat.I will surely be going back, and I won't have a bad time.I love Arribas and never had an issue here. Love the fact you get Spicy bean dip with your chips.So I go in two weeks ago and had some New Mexico potato pancakes. Served with pulled pork and avocado. Man I tell ya, I was chair dancing, it was sooo good. It's only on the weekend brunch menu. It needs to be on the regular menu. So as promised by manager Francisco, he would make it for me any time I came in. So in I go this morning, found out Francisco was working, and yes, I ordered the New Mexico potato pancakes and again, absolutely fantastic! Thanks to Francisco and his excellent staff. Very friendly!! I'll be back!My fiance and I went in after work one day to catch happy hour and were pleasantly surprised! This gem of a Mexican spot has 99 cent Margaritas and other drinks Mon-Friday 3:00-7:00 p.m. They also have a reverse happy hour 9:00-Close. We had Aaron taking care of us and he was such a great guy. Great spirit, very positive, and wasn't mad we were only ordering drinks. (Cheap Ones) and an appetizer. Appetizer's are half off during Happy Hour as well. :) We had the Queso Fundido and it came out flaming. It was a fun touch and made it memorable. It was yummy and spicy and AMAZING. The margaritas were very tasty and strong as well. :)Marilyn the manager was such a kind hearted and thoughtful person. We talked to her a few times while we were there. She took the time to make sure we were ok, which to us is UNHEARD of in other places in the surrounding area.We overall had a great experience and feel like Aaron and Marilyn went above and beyond for us and we will definitely be back.I definitely think this place would be a great first date spot as well. :)Aaron!!!  What a great waiter!!We went in today, ordered up our appetizers (two chicken quesadillias, guacamole dip), and our free cheese crisp, that was in the Suns program.  Along with a total of four 99 cent margaritas - under $19.00Aaron was on top of everything!  More salsa, more bean dip -- no problem!  Brought us containers, for our leftovers, down to little cups w/lids, for extra salsa.  Along with a bag, to carry it all home!Thank you Aaron -- and to the nice young man, who greeted us at the door.  All good.  We will definitely will be back, when we are up in the area...Plus...........Aaron came running out the door, when I had stopped to look for my sunglasses; as he had picked them up while clearing the table.I feel terrible that I forgot to do this sooner. My wife and I had dinner here sometime about a week ago and had THE BEST service possible, I hope I'm getting his name right but think his name was Aaron. This awesome server could not have possibly given us better service. Friendly, attentitive, and professional! We will continue to visit this location as everytime we go the food and service are awesome!Great food I had in house beer and my wife had a blue zaldo order a nacho supremeo all I can say is WOW so huge our waitress was awesome very helpfull with drinks and food looking forward to going backWent there last night with my grandparents (who are EXTREMELY picky about where they eat) and they absolutely loved it!

As I mentioned earlier, the prices for their sushi is only a fraction of what you would pay at a fine dining restaurant. For 3 people, we paid around 70 dollars for everything. Yes, some may consider that expensive given the fact that everything is a la carte and not an AYCE place.. However; the quality of fish is on par with any fine dining sushi place. You will NOT find this quality of fish anywhere that serves AYCE sushi. This place serves high quality fish for just a fraction of the price. Yes, most people would prefer an AYCE place and get the most for their money.. However, I prefer quality over quantityWhy... I would definitely be back.

It was just a good stop for drinks.I tried the Strozapretti Stroganoff and Black Truffle and Lobster Fettuccine.

It was that way for us the entire weekend.

We will definitely return when hungry for Indian food and recommend it very highly.We have tried many Indian restaurants in the Phoenix area and we both agreed this was by FAR the best!!  I had the butter chicken and saag paneer and  paneer naan.  Everything was served very hot and fresh and was just delicious!  I can't wait to go back and try their buffet and was happy to hear it is also served on the weekends.  Our waitress was very friendly and the manager came over to make sure we were happy with our meal as well.  Will definitely be back!!Best Indian restaurant I have been! I have been to easily over 300 Indian restaurants in last 10 years. Place was spacious, nice decor and our waiter was very welcoming. We ordered Goat Korma and Chicken Tikka which was very delicious. I have ordered medium, it seemed little spicy for medium, but loved the spice as I took more bites. Naan was good and service was really good too. I will be coming back for sure!My wife'r rating was 4.5/5 conservatively, as she said.Absolutely delicious. So flavorful and satisfies all the Indian cravings you could want!Maybe Haweli was having opening blues, because I'm surprised by the bad reviews. My sister & I both loved it. We each got the thali platters so we could sample; I got veg, she ordered chicken tikka masala & this is our only criticism: you get a choice of 2 different dishes & she asked for both of them to be the tikka; the chef gave her something else for one of her main dishes. Our waiter offered to bring it back, but she decided to keep it. When we ordered extra pappadum, he then brought a double order & didn't charge us. The raita was unusual (never had it with potatoes before!) & I prefer the standard cucumber raita but that's what going to different restaurants is all about. Our waiter was very attentive but not intrusive & we will definitely go back! I'm originally from NYC & used to go to 7th street in the East Village (Indian Row) & used to bemoan the lack in Scottsdale; no more! Forgot to mention we used a Groupon: show it to them before you get the bill.Indian can be hit or miss. These guys were a perfect hit. The samosas were great the kabobs were excellent the shrimp Marsala was really special. We were very happy with it. We'll be back soon!Very good food. Nicely spiced at our own choice. Lamb Vindaloo was excellent, Tandoori Chicken was excellent, Shrimp meal was excellent. Very nice atmosphere.Second time here.  The food is excellent. The best indian I have had.  Most places are hot or miss with quality and flavor. 2 times we've eaten here. 2 times we have been VERY impressed. Our new favorite!!Awesome buffet, great service and definitely the best Indian food in Scottsdale by far, we've tried them all!The food was very delicious! Genuine Indian

coffee

Dinner: she had the seafood pasta. it was generous with the seafood (clams, shrimp, and scallops). All of the seafood was cooked perfectly. The pasta was in a nice, light lemon alfredo sauce (if I'm not mistaken). she loved it.

To be a tenant means you MUST follow protocol, meaning that you MUST be able to pass a backround check and be approved by the owner of the property, NOT the Property manager's decision!!! 

I got a groupon deal for a 6-course dinner (which I actually had no idea that's what the deal was....I wouldn't have eaten all day if I knew that!).  I cannot say enough about how amazing their food was.  The shrimp was awesome, with tons of garlic and other yumminess, the soup was so-so, the beef was SO tender (thought it was lamb, apparently so do a lot of people), the hummus was the best hummus I have EVER had (the other stuff on the plate was good too, but I liked the hummus the best), the chicken was very tasty, but by the time that and the dessert came out, I could not eat a THING!!  I was floored by how much food there was and how amazing it was.  I didn't really need the glass of wine I ordered (nor the dessert; I wasn't a fan of it).

I first tried these sandwiches in Boston and its become really hard to eat a Caprese anywhere else.Can I just say, you gotta get the Original 1762. Roast beef (tender, moist, delicious) + the tang of the horseradish sauce (MAN, I love horseradish) + the crunch from the toasted bread = the perfect equation for a hungry belly and somewhat dwindling wallet (when in Vegas, right?). For the price, you really can't go wrong, but Earl of Sandwich made it nearly impossible to ruin the good thing they have got going on there. Also made sure that I tried their soup (hey, I was hungry), and I got their chicken noodle. Yum, perfect chicken noodle. Didn't take away from the sandwich at all.Another must order from there is the Tuna Melt. I told my friends that it was the "super better" version of McDonald's. Scratch that, this can't even compare to McDonald's. Once again the crunch from the toasted bread made this sandwich spot on. I was really hoping for such thing as a takeout/delivery to Hawaii. I'd be eating these all day errday! Hoping to go back to Vegas soon, specifically for these golden sandwiches.We went here because of the amazing reviews and we were not disappointed. While the line was long, the entire process went by quickly, from ordering at the window, moving toward the pickup area as they made the sandwiches, and waiting for the staff to call out the orders. So far we've only tried the Full Montagu and the Italian sandwiches. For the size it's the same as Subway but for the quality, it is worth paying a couple bucks more for the amazing flavor combinations and the fact that eating only one sandwich fills you up.I'm excited to try out this chain some more. Keep up the great work :DSimply just a great place to have a sandwich at a reasonable price on the strip. The food is all good. The service is fast. Need I saw more... you just got to experience the yummy food.One of the cheapest places to eat if you're on the strip.  Many choices with the sandwiches and they're open 24/7!  Can't beat that!  Lines can be long because the prices are good and the quality is decent.  Being in Vegas for work for over 3 weeks, you get to know Earl of Sandwich pretty well!Best hot sandwiches I have ever had in my life, the line might be a bit long some times, but its totally worth it. Also reasonable prices for Vegas. No more than $6.50 for a sandwich. Would definitely go back when I'm back in Las Vegas.As I was planning my trip to Las Vegas, I knew that I was going to need eat at some cheaper places. So I went on Yelp! to see what would turn up. I read the first few reviews and decided that I needed to go. 

We will definitely be back. Every so often, if you sign up for their email promotions....they have some great deals going on.I enjoyed the Yelp event held here and wanted to check them out for our anniversary dinner.  The husband was yet to try their food so I couldn't wait to bring him here.Located right off of Las Vegas Blvd in Town Square, it's easy to locate and see.  They have plenty of parking with complimentary Valet available for those who choose.  Their dining area is elegant and comfortable.  They keep it very clean and classy.   I love it!Our waiter for the evening was Tom C.  He was so informative of specials, HH, menu items and their 100 wine by the glass options.  Next time I dine here, I would definitely ask for him!  He really made our anniversary celebration very special!Oh... you probably want to know about the food right? Complimentary bread basket with the most amazing butter spreads.  Tomato basil and goat cheese goodness! Luckily we stopped at only 1 basket because I could have easily filled up on that alone.  I started with the french onion soup that was divine!  Of course everything is better with cheese... but the herbs and spices used in the soup gave this savory flavor! I had ordered the petit filet and lobster as it was one of their specials.  Petit in their mind was 8 oz.  It was more than I could handle.  But I sure did try to.  It was cooked perfectly flat ironed around the sides for one of the most flavorful and tender filets.  Lobster is always one of my favorites and it was the perfect combination with the filet.  The creamed spinach on the side had fresh shaved parmesan. Like I said, everything is better with cheese!   Was I full? Yes.  Did we stop there? No. Since it was a special occasion, we spilt the molten lava cake which had two scoops of vanilla ice cream on the side.  The 'molten lava' of chocolate oozing out of the center was almost more than I could handle.   Not to mention the chantilly cream it was topped with.  Fabulous!

However, if you're looking for a broad variety of good Thai food cooked to your liking at a very reasonable price, come on in and pull up one of the leatherette bar stools.  Start out with an order of spring rolls (deep fried and served with a slightly sweet sauce) or fresh rolls (shrimp, rice noodles and vegetables wrapped in rice paper and served cold with peanut sauce).  

Our waiter was very friendly and constantly checked up on us for refills and used plates. 

We had already committed elsewhere. It was impossible not to switch. The food was top notch. They delivered out to southern highlands. The prices were less then half from the original choice. I would completely and only choose Nanny's for catering and a quick sandwich, meal or pastry. Croissants melt in your mouth. Italian sandwich.. The food hits your palate and in an instant becomes memorable. Trust me it's memorable!! Try it! It's simply amazing. 

 

4) you can switch out the potatoes on the side for more fruit - at no extra cost

best Chicago style pizza in town i always order the meat mania pizza and cant stop eating it..lol

Parmesan eggplant - surprisingly very tender and not chewy like most joints

No bs just good clean work 

Right size, right atmosphere, right recycling Deco, and the food made with experience and love. Simply amazing experience.Great small space. Great staff. Great food.  So happy I live so close to this spot. Go with friends and share a lot of appetizers. We had Beet ravioli, grilled calamari with chestnut humus and squid ink crumble with lemon dressing, amazing crab cakes with spicy mayo and the this-is-not-a-poutine, poutine. So delicious. Also had a regular sized burger with fries and great wine.Magnifique endroit, le staff et le propriétaire sont plus que sympathiques, l'ambiance est parfaite, la nourriture délicieuse.Sincèrement la meilleure adresse pour un tête à tête ou sortie en petit groupe!Spontaneously decided to stop by for a drink, bite to eat, what have you on a gorgeous Saturday evening and had to wait for about 10 minutes but BOY was it worth it! The place was tiny, but buzzing with happy faces and excitement. The waiter (yes, a hipster with tattooes) was extremely friendly throughout, making our experience that much more enjoyable. We ordered a couple of beers (Baltika, a Russian brew, and what I was told is all they offer--their wine list is a lot more extensive, I noticed) which set the mood nicely for what was to come: the octopus with aubergines dish and then the calamari and pulled pork roll with a side of THE most delicious fries I have had in the city to date. And that is a bold statement considering how poutine-crazy Montreal is! ANYWAY, I left feeling delightfully tipsy, with a happy tummy to boot. Thank you, Mile-Ex, and to my friend for bringing me here! I'll be back soon.This place is great. Their tacos are only a dollar and they're really good for what they're worth. I've also had they're carne asada fries, tortas, and tamales which were also very good. There are many other taco shops around me, much closer than this one, but this is my go-to place for Mexican food. I really wouldnt go anywhere else.Je m'y rends souvent pour acheter des dumplings fait maison qu'ils vendent congelés. C'est l'une des rares adresses qu'il vaut encore la peine d'aller visiter sur le plateau car on ne retrouve pas de la qualité à si petit prix nul part ailleurs à Montréal. Même pas dans le quartier chinois ! De plus, la petite section épicerie est vraiment très très abordable. Et le service est plus que courtois ! UN MUST !The roomie n I were craving a donut but all shops were closed. Finally came up on this place randomly. Really clean. Really nice workers. They've only been open a few Weeks but their tofu cheesecake n the coconut chiffon cake were really good. Next time I go I'm going to check out their crepes.Loved it!  The cakes were yummy - especially the tofu cheesecake (at least it sounds healthy) n choco cake. We also had a crepe with homemade ice cream. Soooo delish! Not too sweet n very delicate and who makes homemade ice cream in a pastry shop? The staff and owner were very friendly n helpful. The place was clean with cute decorations. A definite go back to place!Beautiful pastries, great crepes, and great people.  This is one adorable pastry shop with green tea cakes and coffee jelly in the display case.  I love their crepes because they are the right texture and flavor.  You have to try this place.So happy to see a Real Japanese Pastry shop close to where I live. Cream puff, coconut chiffon cake, green tea cake, chocolate cake are super delicious! Looking forward to try some other pastries soon.!I love happy accidents! I went to Jiffy Lube for a routine oil change and the words "Pastries and Crepes" caught my eye. My taste buds got ansty and said this oil change better be super jiffy because a crepe sounds divine. I walked in and was immediately drawn to the pastry display case. After much debate because everything looked so good, my husband and I settled on a Mini Chocolate Cream Puff for $1 each. That was my appetizer because I also ordered a Strawberry, Whipped Cream and Nutella Crepe for $5 (the Nutella was an additional 50 cents). The cream puff was light and fluffy. I loved the chocolate cream. The crepe knocked my socks off! I was a little annoyed at myself for agreeing to share with my husband because it was so good. The crepe batter was divine and there was just the right amount of fresh strawberres, Nutella and whipped cream.This pastry shop is very quaint and cute. There are only two tables. I anticipate they would need to add more seating soon because word about this place will spread like wildfire.The workers were very friendly and smiley. My taste buds are already willing me to go back!......Simply hands down the best pastry in town.  In every bite, I felt  a thoughtful harmony of the fresh ingredients.  If you want to indulge your appetite for the serious desserts like the ones from the star-studded upscale restaurants, this is the place for you.  Not for people who think over-sugared everything is desert.Love this small and adorable pastry shop.  It is a little on the pricey side but well worth it.  This is better than the bakery in Little Tokyo in downtown LA.  Now I know where to go when I need my fix of outstanding pastries.I love it!!! Everything is sooo good~This place is my new obsession.  There go my hopes of dropping weight before the new year.  It started when I just wanted to grab a quick cup of coffee without having to go all the way to Starbucks.  I live in walking distance of this spot so it was very convenient.  While waiting to get my drink, I watched as the guy ahead of me ordered a strawberry-filled crepe that looked and smelled delicious.  My olfactory sense made a mental note and I knew I'd have to make a return trip.  I ended up never even getting a crepe but tried a personal-sized Fuji Apple Pie instead. Lemme tell you when I say, I'm literally a slave to them now.  I find it very hard to resist swerving into the shopping center to check in to Suzuya to see if that wonderful pastry delight is sitting there calling me like a Siren to indulge in its culinary wonderment.In the last two weeks or so, I've had about 3 or 4.  I even ordered a full-sized one for Thanksgiving and literally prayed that no one would touch it before the night was over.  THANKFULLY, my prayers were answered and I was able to devour the pie all by myself over a course of a few days since Thanks.  (Try it with butter pecan ice cream and you'll be in heaven!)  I just recently tried the Pumpkin Pie and now I'm torn between which is my fave...so I just buy them both. :) The folks that work at Suzuya are sweet, polite and incredibly gracious providing the kind of hospitality that you only get overseas.  Just going inside, I'm transported to a place and world I've never been to but would now love to visit--Japan!  I count myself a a proud patron of this establishment and wish them all the success in the world.  I'm contemplating stopping by even as I type this... :::grabs keys:::Great bakery!!! I noticed some of the review complain about the price, but they do offer some of the most fresh/costly ingredients. Keep up the good work!!!This place is AMAZEBALLS! I finally got the chance to check this place out and I'm so tempted to go back today and get more goodies. Unfortunately they didn't have the crepe cake which my husband was wanting to try but the lady told me to call ahead and she would make it. I decided to not be such a gluttonous pig and just stick with the anko cream puff and green tea cake.The anko cream puff had me at red bean and custard. Two of my favorite things! The outside end flaky and soft and the filling was oozing out after the first bite. Love the combination of red bean, custard and cream. This cream puff is definitely a winner in my book. Green tea cake was good, but not my favorite. Maybe it was the hazelnut cream but anyways it was good just not my favorite. The new chocolate medallion that says Suzuya is nifty. This place uses square wallet as their POS so you see how an iPad can be used and you can create a tab and not have to bring money to Suzuya if you use this app. Overall, I think this place is quite awesome and like most Asian bakeries, the pastries aren't overly sweet. Perfect balance of sweetness to the two that I tried.The Skinny: a symphony in your mouth. 'Nuff said. (5) Service: there really isn't much service here - counter service only and they only have two small tables to eat at(N/A) Value: expensive for the size but oh so worth it (5).Now let me preface this review: these treats are Japanese in style. In general, I find that Asian pastries tend to be a little less sweet, rich and dense. It is its own esthetic that not everyone will be a fan of. So if you're looking for a really gooey chocolate chip cookie or a slice of uber luxurious cheesecake, you'll probably be disappointed. You have been warned.Ah - what can I say about Suzuya Pastries? Hidden behind a quick lube joint, you probably would miss it if you were driving too fast. Limited parking is also an issue due to the numerous shops (a nail salon, the quick lube, etc.) in such a small retail space.But no matter. A trip to this bakery will take you less than 10 minutes. There really is no place to sit and eat because of the size of the shop (there's two small tables and maybe four chairs in the store). I'd imagine most people get the pastries to go. The selection is small so come earlier before it's all gone.The time I went, I selected the Mont-Blanc chestnut cake, a kabocha pie and an apricot/almond pie. I did so to sample their two variety of crusts (a shortbread crust, a puff pastry crust) and their sponge. Suffice to say, I was genuinely impressed.If you could only use one word to describe the Suzuya's pastries it would be this: symphony. They have a precision of flavors and textures that makes every note in your mouth sing. That's right - this place is the Ode to Joy of pastry perfection. It is a marriage of subtle spicing/sweetening (to enhance but not overwhelm the ingredients) and excellent technical skill.The Mont-Blanc cake is sponge cake layered with pastry cream and chestnut puree. The sponge cake flavor is just right - not too heavy handed on vanilla. With all the pastry cream, it retained a wonderful texture despite all that moisture. Chestnut purees tend to be overly sweet but they were perfect here.Kabocha pie - what a wonderful idea! It was a Japanese take on pumpkin pie and truly I was floored. What perfection of puff pastry crust! When it comes to pies, it's hard to find a pastry crust that is equally flaky even on the bottom. Well, lo and behold, Suzuya has it down to a science. The filling to pastry to ratio was just right as well. Finally, the apricot/almond pie. This was the husband's favorite pastry. A crispy shortbread crust adorned with glazed apricots and moist almond filling. So good and it was the special of the day.If I have one criticism of this place, it is the prices. The three items I purchased added up to $12-ish. For the price, it would be nice to have a larger portion size for each of the desserts. However, that being said, I have paid way more for dessert elsewhere and received significantly less enjoyment.Overall, for some amazing Asian pastries, this place is a 5 starred place in my books.I am such a visual person that my heart always does this little happy skips every time I open our to-go boxes filled with Suzuya pastries. Presentation-wise, these cakes are absolutely adorable to stare at. I am always tempted to buy a glass case and collect all these creations and display them at my living room. Then, of course my raging belly always trumps that 30-second thought. Yeah, these get eaten within minutes in my household.The crepes here are well-made, served with cool whipped cream with your choice of fruits which fill the soft crepe delicately folded into a cone. If you've never had Japanese pastries before, Suzuya is an excellent introduction. The pastries are light, fluffy and mildly sweet, lending to a more refined taste. I like that sugar does not take overpower the flavors of fresh berries; seasonal fruits unabashedly take the spotlight here.   This is one of our favorite pastry shops to date. I have tried *almost* everything here and they are all delicious. My personal favorites are the green tea cake, apple pie, & the mille crepe. I highly recommend to check it out even if you don't live in the SW area.I love Japanese strawberry shortcake and crepes, and this place has both! Delicious and delicate, and a 10 minute drive from my house. I rather spend a little extra on quality goods like these. Can't wait to try the other products here.I had to come here after all the yelp reviews I have seen. My boyfriend and I love beard papas and since we don't have one in Vegas, we decided to try the creme puffs here. We were not disappointed at all!! 

Bento box - flourless chocolate cake with ice cream. This was better than I remembered from NYC. It's not flourless as in a chocolate bar on a plate - it actually does have a cake - souffle texture to it. It was great, and gooey in the middle. 

I can have company over without feeling embarrassed because of my carpets! 

The portions were large and the prices were very reasonable.  The restaurant is quite

-Live performance from Trinise, beauty from season 3 American idol (she worked that crowd)

and now has a judgment against them for thousands of dollars for damage that was done to the home. The review is completely false and was done as retaliation for the eviction. While we hate to have to evict anyone, our first priority is managing the property properly and professionally for our landlord. When there are multiple violations and damage to the property we must act swiftly to get that tenant out. It was our contractural responsibility to remove this tenant by eviction for our client immediately. We take our commitment to actively maintain our client's properties to the best of our ability seriously.Swallows and Associates was a very punctual, classy, and professional company to work with. With a two parent working household, kid's school, and all the various requirements in life Tabor and the Swallows team took a lot of guesswork and stress off of our plates. I have worked with Tabor both as a buyer and a seller now and without their team and her effort I would have had some sleepless nights. If you want not just a realtor, but a full service agency that has relationships in place with contractors for the 11th hour things that pop up on a BINSR, a consultant, and a company that has endless years of experience in the marketplace I would recommend you contact these folks. Regards-A friend referred Swallows and Associates Realty to us. That was back in 2004.

Orlando , FlFive stars! Absolutely incredible staff, delicious food by an mp restive chef, cold cocktail (which are a must in Arizona), and an incredible experience. This is our go-to steakhouse to wow guests from out of town. We haven't disappointed anyone yet.Great Happy Hour. Food and drinks are wonderful as is the service. The variety of food selections is better than most Happy Hour fare. Will definitely be back.We went here for Mother's Day.  We took our 3 kids (13, 11, 6).  They were great and enjoyed the food.  It was our second time eating here.  I was very excited to go back, because the first visit was amazing!  This time we sat upstairs where the roof opened after the sun went down enough to not bother anyone.  It was beautiful!  The food was outstanding!  I ordered bone-in filet medium with truffle butter, creamed spinach, creme brûlée corn & lobster mashed potatoes. The sides are all served for sharing.  Even the truffle butter was served on the side with enough for 3 of us to share.  We had the strawberry butter cake for dessert which was wonderful!  It is pricey, but for a special occasion, completely worth it!  I can't wait to go again!Came here with my bro since we got a gift card for Christmas, so my expectations for the meal were low/average. However, I thoroughly enjoyed everything I ate at Dominick's and was very satisfied with the friendly natural service and the taste of the food.Start off with the bread. They have several flavors, of which we opted for sea salt and butter. I'll be straight with you, this is probably the best free bread I've ever had at dinner. The rolls are served monkey bread style in a hot cast iron pan. From the richness of the salt and butter on the outer layer to the soft bread on the inside, this was a perfect fusion of dinner roll and pretzels. Would love to try to other flavors - but unfortunately I ate three pieces by myself.Our appetizer was the shrimp and calamari combo. Two seafoods, three sauces, one solid dish. You get a solid portion of both proteins. While the sauces are somewhat basic from ketchup to some sort of remoulade, they were all enjoyable. Gotta love the banana peppers slipped in there as well.Now for the main attraction and the sides. My bro got the bone out rib-eye Oscar style (crab cake, asparagus, and hollandaise) while I got the hefty bone in version. Both medium rare, and well seasoned compared to some other name steakhouses in the area.My bro is still a little bro, so the least adventurous sides he could eat were steamed broccoli and truffle fries. With the small version of each, that should have been plenty. The broccoli was a manageable size but came with hollandaise sauce to dip (say what!?). The truffle fries seemed much bigger by comparison, and I like how neither the truffle nor the cheese was overpowering. If you order any kind of appetizer, I would recommend one side at most for two people. Otherwise two could be fine.I came in expecting some okay overpriced food, but honestly I loved everything here. Would love to come back on my own dime and take the family on a special occasion.Love this place!!!  Care is given to the experience from beginning to end... 

1) All of the food was very fresh (even though we arrived at 1:35PM the food was still very good).

I was pleasantly surprised at how good everything and the price. Can't wait to return, and take my mother in law!!Great massage so worth the $$ and drive from the strip we will definitely be back and I'll recommend it to my friends who are visiting town. It's not just foot it's neck shoulders and back, fully clothed of course.Amazing foot massage and reflexology.  First time here with my mom and we became a fan.  Nice ambiance, superb massage with great service and value.  Will definitely be back.Outstanding 1 hour foot massage included neck, shoulders and back...worth so much more than the $20 charge!!!worth the price.....definitely going back in march.Fabulous ! Very friendly . Extremely relaxing . A little hard to find but so worth it !Great experience. Headed over there after a long hike in Red Rock Canyon, and opted for the basic massage ($20) which focused on lower body for the most part with some back, neck and shoulders. I called them when I was driving back from Red Rock, and they quickly found room for myself and a friend. We were afraid that the post-hike soreness would ruin our next day, but the foot massage worked wonders.Cool little Asian tea place next door is an added bonus for the vital hydration after a massage. Very satisfied.I've been needing a massage forever and finally had the time to try this place out and I loved it. I'm pregnant, so they were very careful in making sure not to touch certain spots and as well as making me as comfortable as possible. I definitely will be returning and telling everyone I know!Best massage I had so far in Vegas. Very friendly staff. I had a deep tissue massage which is $30/hr and it's totally worth it.Me and my husband just walk in the place , I first time get foot massage .  We doing the deep tissue,  wow ··· that was amazing massage I never doing that before I really need !I come back my trips ， is walker a lot  get my foot and shouder  neck is very sore .  I find the massage place form yelp， the foot spa  is best massage place . they get a good deals and very good Service ，I remember the therapist name is  joe he get me massage is amazing  he has strong  hands and he know a lot the points ， I cant not believe is so relax ， I will be  back again ！I came here due to great reviews, and being close to the strip. I already have a regular place I go to back in LA, and a regular masseuse whom I normally see. In comparison, this place and experience was different than what I'm used to, but its good.First of all, they don't have private rooms, just public rooms. Second, they don't really require you to change into shorts, and be shirtless (back home, I had a private room, and had to change to like swim attire).For the massage itself, even with clothes on, it felt relaxing and comfortable. I enjoyed the hot stone experience as well (something I don't get back home). Overall, if you don't mind losing your privacy, and like a low cost foot and hot stone massage, then come here.Greatest place I have ever been. The serves are super good, got really relax at there. Looto, did really good job which made me want to come next time. Trust me or not. You people should really go and try, it will become the best spa u have ever had.The place is clean and quiet....manager is nice...massuer is good and polite...overall experience is good and will definitely come back again....We had a free day and decided we needed/wanted a foot/body massage. We were a little skeptical but decided to go with the highest rated place. This place showed up and we were not disappointed. 

Hot Sides:  Mac N' CheeseThis is such a BBQ staple that it is often most desired, yet is almost always disappointing - either too runny or not cheesy enough it can be ruinous!  But I can say, that M+3 has delivered probably the best Mn'C I've ever had; uncomplicated, creamy and with perfect consistency, it takes you on gradual journey from simple cheese blending to creamy decadence.

Off the bone ham, homemade hash browns, fresh eggs and fresh squeezed orange juice, wonderful french toast, and yummy omelettes are offered on their menu, as well as a host of other items. 

-pizza - super thin, basic, but pretty good

"Well I'm not sure that's legal, but here's two cups."This place is a must try in Vegas!  It's super close to the strip and tastes delicious. We got the lemon seed pancakes, Fat Elvis French toast, hash browns, eggs, and chicken sausage.  Everything was amazing!  You can taste the high quality in the food and it's uniqueness!  Definitely recommend to anyone who wants a good breakfast or lunch!  The customer service here is outstanding too, the hostess (we came on a Sunday morning at 12) was really energetic and friendly while the waiter, Ryan, was great at recommendations and fun to talk to!  Awesome experience with flavorful food!  Will be back for sure!Don't sleep on the tomato basil soup!!! I've never had soup like this before. I left MTO about an hour ago and I keep thinking, "That soup!!!" Seriously, best soup ever!!! And it comes with a giant piece is sourdough and cheddar!Also, the owner and staff were very friendly and the atmosphere was fun!It's only fitting that my 100th review is for a place that I'll probably never forget going to.  My buddies and I were on a guy's trip to Vegas and we were staying on Fremont Street.  We were struggling out of bed looking forward to a low key day after hitting it hard the night before so we took a walk over to MTO Cafe for breakfast.  It seems like it's in the middle of nowhere but when we got there the place was pretty full.  Luckily the bar was empty so the 7 of us took over and lined up the entire bar.  That's when we noticed the deal...  $15 for all you can drink Mimosas and Bloody Marys.  Done and Done!So we turned our low key day into a challenge to make our $15 worth its while and I would argue that we accomplished our goal.  In the meantime, I ordered an avocado omelet which blew my mind.  At one point during the meal, one of my friends challenged my other friend to chug a pitcher of mimosa for $40.  He accepted thinking the restaurant would never let him do it.  So the bartender went to ask the manager and his response was "well I don't think it's legal to give him a pitcher, but we could serve it in 2-20oz glasses".  Challenge accepted! My friend made it through one and a half glasses and won $20.  We proceeded to stay well past our welcome drinking more Mimosas and Bloody Marys and they somehow put up with us with a smile on their faces the entire time.  I would happily come back here the next time I'm in Vegas, which probably won't be too far away.Saw good reviews for MTO on Yelp and a really reliable food blog (bite and switch), decided to give this place a try for breakfast, and am happy I did. For context and credibility...I'm new to Vegas and so far I've eaten at Eat for breakfast, Honey Salt for lunch, DW Bistro for lunch, Yanaka for dinner, Frank and Fina's Cocina for diner and these are all places I've enjoyed and would eat at again. I'm not a chain gal and would never say that Denny's and IHOP have delicious pancakes. With that said...MTO does make a great pancake. I had the lemon poppyseed pancakes with blueberry and ginger compote (ask for extra compote) and a cup of coffee. The pancakes werent too sweet or oily, almost a muffin consistency. Solid cup of coffee. This is a perfect breakfast in a "clean well-lighted place." The restaurant has a great vibe, a hip, but not pretentious decor, and Mike the owner is welcoming. I'll be back and would like to try out their lunch menu too.I found MTO on eat24 when I was searching for something to eat for lunch while I was at work. They offered free delivery with a minimum $10 purchase (before tax). I researched them on yelp and found great reviews so I had to try them. I ordered the hangover burger and it was delicious. The burger is huge! Meat was seasoned good, fried egg dripped down my hand when I bit into it (good thing they gave me a nice thick napkin with fancy plastic silverware) and fries were hot and crispy. I had a coupon from eat24 for $2 off so the order came up to $12.05. LOTS of food for the price.This was such as awesome find! Sometimes you just get tired of Hash House when in Vegas and crave something fresh and new! This was definitely fresh and new, at least for us! And, OMG this place has vegan pancakes!!! I don't think I've had any pancakes at any restaurant since I went off of dairy 10 years ago, so this was so exciting for me! and they were GOOD!In fact, everyone in our group was happy with their meals. It was a lot like Hash House, but with many healthier options. But there are still indulgent options for those whose diets were left at home. The portions are definitely comparable to Hash! Non of us could finish, I would probably share my plate the next time we go.  The location is great too, just a little bit North of the strip. It's worth it to venture off for a good meal!Love love love this place.  I've been here several times for lunch because my office is nearby.  The food is always great.  A few items are a little difficult to eat (i.e. The Bob, the chicken slips all around and falls off the bread) but always great taste.Some unexpected items on the menu as well. "Kentucky Fried Chicken" looked great from the view I had of it on another table. Vegan Falafel is probably my favorite.  Warning though: this one doesn't travel well.  Tastes great in the restaurant but was pretty bad a few times we ordered it via Delivery. They do a nice job of creating new tastes.  For example, adding honey to the grilled cheese, genius and delicious!The atmosphere is also nice.  Up beat and fun but not too loud.Oh, and bottomless mimosas.  Everyday.  $15.coconut carrot pancakes are to die for! I couldn't believe it was vegan. It comes with a stack of 3 pancakes and the flavors are amazing together. I can't wait to go back!This was my 1st time here. And I had a great experience.  Emily was my server and answered all my questions. And help me with the decision on getting a mto breakfast which was awesome.  Whoa! Thank youI ordered the grilled cheese and had a mimosa, it was more than delicious! I had such great service from Emily who had helped a friend in recommending what to eat. Emily was very helpful and knowledgeable with what I was eating. :)Searched yelp for a close by breakfast place as we were leaving Vegas. Parking was easy (and cheap). 

if needed they will pick you up with a limo, great service.

Worth a visit no matter how far you have to drive!Great BBQ best so far in Phoenix by a long shot

I have also gotten my hair done by Bret, it has never felt better. He did exactly what I wanted, it's like he read my mind. He takes his time to really figure out what you want. Also his shampoos are out of this world, such a treat! Love this place!I visited the Salon and loved the atmosphere, everyone is easy going and relaxed. I met the owner D'Lisa and you can definitely tell she is talented and knows how to run a salon. Lydia is extremely talented and I would not let anyone else do my hair, she is well rounded in the arena of style. CHECK THEM OUT!Salon D'Shayn came to the rescue as one of the few salons downtown/midtown that is open on a Sunday.  I was able to squeak in same day for a much needed haircut.  It was my first time in and Brittany did a great job taking her time to get things right.  The shop is very clean as well as they offered me a choice of beverages as soon as I walked in.There was an inviting bar top where they did manicures.  Were also rotating the art installation since my cut lasted after business hours.Brittany wrapped it up with everything up with a wash and some product.I'll definitely be back especially with their flexible hours.I came here to do a mani/pedi with a groupon and needless to say I am an addict now! Vanessa rocks my nail world! She is super OCD when it comes to nails and makes sure every single nail is the perfect length, shape, and is EVEN. She takes her time and pays attention to detail! I've seen her about 3 more times since August! I absolutely love the atmosphere and everybody is super nice at the salon! I am curious to try their hair services now!Got my hair cut and curled by Vanessa this am and just love itI have been going to Salon D'Shayn for about two years now so this review is long overdue! I have been to both locations and always receive the best service. I have had many different types of services provided and I am always impressed with how their staff goes above and beyond my expectations! The staff is very friendly, the atmosphere is hip, the music is very tasteful/eclectic and I love that they support local artist and have original rotating art work.   I LOVE Salon D' Shayn!!I've always been blown away here.. From the moment you walk in the staff has such a nice air about them. I've been here a few times but I forget to check in, this salon has been my go to spot for my beauty needs the second I discovered it. D'Lisa has done a Brazilian wax for me (which by the way was QUICK! not as painful as I expected, D'Lisa has an awesome personality and doesn't mind chatting while she does it), and a few eyebrow and lip waxes. After my first visit I decided I would try to have my hair cut and styled here as well, and I chose Vanessa... And I couldn't be happier! She is very sweet like everyone else. She did a great job and this last visit, we decided to make a drastic change. I had very long, thick hair. She suggested a short cut and I love it. I also had my eyebrows and lip recently waxed by Taylor as well and I was incredibly happy with those results too. I always love to come in and relax. They also offer drinks and snacks which I think is nice. Happy one year anniversary to this location!Overall extremely happy to find this gem of a business with people so kind. Everything has been spectacular!I have a crazy kind of hair...thicker than thick, and wavy. This makes for a history of some really bad haircuts in my life. I went in to see Brit McCulley after my last barber went a-wall, and she did me right! I now have a hair cut I like, and I new barber that I will be returning to!I visited the salon for the first time and had Lydia cut my hair.  She did a FANTASTIC job!  And she and the staff are so incredibly friendly!  The atmosphere is very modern and relaxed, and it is in a cool part of town.  I have short hair and she styled it so that it is so funky and trendy, what a great way to start the weekend.  This salon gets great ratings for a reason.  Mention my name if you go in please, and tell them Lisa B. sent you!Love this place. Karla did an incredible job taking my hair from black to a beautiful, vibrant dark red. She is so patient and easy to talk to. She did an excellent job with my long hair. The cut is perfect. I am in love with this salon!Love love love this salon!! It's trendy and extremely welcoming!!!! The owner D'lisa has put her heart and soul into this place and it shows!! Ask for Karla you will not be disappointed! She is kind,creative and very talented! Does amazing color and gives the best scalp massages, hands down!I seen the reviews here and decided to give it a try. Best choice ever :) 

The location is perfect for us. I'm always a fan of indoor/outdoor seating options, plus they have a really big wine selection!Where to start....I have to echo the confusion about how this place only has 2.5 stars.  We just had a terrific meal with Kirbie and Mgr Carl F and could not have been more pleased. First, didn't want to spend a ton on wine but wanted to drink good stuff. Carl F recommended some really cool grapes. Second, Kirbie was awesome. Food came as expected for a Saturday evening at a popular restaurant and she was terrific.  She suggested items and was always around. Third, I had enjoyed a meal here a few months ago and the service and food were equally impressive. Again, sure there was a wait but it's a new place and those of us who have enjoyed new places know this is inevitable. You are not at Chilis!Fourth, I had eaten at the original location for years and this location didn't disappoint. Fifth, we got see a table of crazy folks throw a fit. Carl F handled it like a pro but these people had their heart set on a being pissed so I hope life improves because if that's how they react at a restaurant I can only imagine how they handle real life. Bottom line....A cool DTS joint and we'll be back soon....The service was impeccable and the food was great! I had the steak salad and my friend had a shrimp Cobb salad. I recommend both! The dessert was really tasty too!So I do miss Pasadena and my restaurants I could walk to. I am lucky that this restaurant opened up across the street from me. Every dish we have eaten fabulous. I love the eggplant be it in a sandwich or with a side of pasta. Great salads,entrees, and apps! Wonderful cocktail and wine menu. Service always great.The new location is HUGE and beautiful!! Had the blackened halibut special, and of course we had to order the baked Brie...a Grape Street staple! Delicious as always...even on a crazy busy night the service was on point.After reading an article in the newspaper about this restaurant, my sister took me there to enjoy the short ribs and to meet the waiter, Brennan, who was recommended in the article. The food was scrumptious! My sister had the short ribs which was so tender that she could cut it with a fork. We both had the sautéed spinach which complemented our entrees very well. My wild halibut was moist, flaky and very tasty cooked with Cajun spices served with a delicious ratatouille. And, yes, Brennan is a terrific waiter who recommended the special entrees and provided us with outstanding service with a smile!I have finally found a place that I can frequent.  Good people watching and I'm always running into friends. The service is exceptional. Every time we come here Nick is the first to greet is, with a smile mind you.  No matter how long were there he's always coming to the table with a positive attitude and a smile. He knows everybody, and always gets to know us a little more. Thanks for hiring such amazing people. It makes Grape Street my first choice when wanting to go out with friends. Thank you, Nick.Came in for lunch on a Friday. It was busy and service was great. Great portions of food (I had the grilled cheese) and wine (great wine menu). Recommend for groups or if you just want to sit at the bar. The age of customers does trend older (40+). They do like to go heavy on the powdered sugar on desserts, be warned.I had a great time here. It was my anniversary with my boyfriend and our server Miguel really made our time amazing. He explained the menu and specials amazing, he made sure we were doing well sincerely and without being overbearing. He even brought out a gift for me that my boyfriend asked him to surprise me with. The food was amazing and so was the wine. We definitely will be back! :)My friend and I stopped by Grape Street Cafe today for lunch 10/08/2015 and it was an absolute amazing time. The fresh bread to start everything off is one of my favorite things! We then ordered the stuffed shrimp for a appetizer...it was so delicious! For our entree we both got the egg plant parmesan! It was so filling and rich in flavor! Our service was also outstanding our sever Manny and the busser Jarred were so polite and knew exactly what they were doing...they tied up the meal to be a perfect 5 stars! I will defiantly be back.So like I usually say I work in the industry and I love to see a well oiled machine and grape street runs like one of the best. You know you'll have a great time and the evening is going to be perfect when you see Jeremy and Chris managing the floor. And my server Manny is just about the best server to serve ever. I honestly think he should teach a class on it. He gets to know everyone and he makes the atmosphere fun and enjoyable and the kid is hilarious. I've come here not happy with my day at all and just having him as my server changed it completely around. This is a five star restaurant with five star service and definitely worth the visit. I recommend this place to everyone come and you'll have a great time I know I doIt's so much better than last time I was here. I am so glad because it is a really great place. Trendy, great food and drinks. Loving it!Went here for the first time on a date with my wife. Our server while I apologetically cannot remember his name was fantastic. We had the Bread Pudding and Profiteroles (we were in the mood for dessert).  Also had a couple cups of coffee.  The first round of coffee was cold so our server brought us fresh cups of hot coffee and had them comped off the bill.  The desserts were delectable and I highly recommend the bread pudding as it is difficult to get it just right, but the Grape Street Cafe nailed it.  My wife rather enjoyed her dessert as well which was basically cream puffs on steroids with way more flavor.  Great ambiance so I look forward to heading back for dinner. Five stars, thanks Grape Street.Great selection of wine and very tasty kitchen. Grape Street has probably the best Rhode Island Calamary I've ever had in my life. The seasonal halibut was also very tender and tasty. We tried variety of their house wines by the glass. I was impressed by the Toby James Zinfandel from Paso Robles, CA. The staff is also very friendly and the ambiance is uniqueNick is seriously the best server ever. He was super accommodating and extremely knowledgable about both the food and alcohol menu. I wish every restaurant had a nick! Thanks grape street for the most amazing service and drinks!My third visit to Grape Street Cafe.  It won't be my last. My waiter was Jesse, and l have to say he was fantastic.  Personable and very accommodating. The food was great, prime rib sliders with caramelized onions.  Delicious!  I highly recommend this restaurant, great people watching from the patio seating.I rated a five because of great atmosphere, great food, great customer service at a reasonable price.One of my favorite spots in Summerlin. Had outstanding service from Charles tonight. He was very educational about the menu and made it clear he was open to any questions and made great suggestions. I've been here once before and food was great, but tonight the attention to detail sealed the deal. I wasn't entirely pleased with my entree (could have just been a personal taste) but they were insistent on making it right. They sent out complimentary dessert and coffee, plus removed the meal from my check which was, in my opinion, above and beyond industry standard. I always have the utmost respect for places that go to such lengths to correct an error, and they definitely gained a loyal customer.Another Great Spot to eat is Grape Street great atmosphere great outdoor sitting and indoor just a good found this spot while out in Red Rock.Went out for my friend's birthday last night and had an absolute blast. Not sure why this place isn't getting better reviews... The food was fantastic (get the seared ahi tuna salad if available) and the service even better than that. Mike M. Was our server, and he was perfect -attentive but definitely not trying to rush is out (we lingered for 3 hours and the staff seemed bummed to see us go!), hilarious, patient, knowledgeable and sweet. They gave us a free dessert for the birthday girl and made our whole table feel super welcome. I think we might make this a regular girls' night location.Great restaurant, I am a regular now, the food is great, I love the short rib, great wine selection, nice atmosphere and they have a patio. The service is friendly and professional, I like this placeFirst Shake Shack on the West Coast! After having Shake Shack in New York, I couldn't contain my excitement when I heard one was opening up in Vegas. So of course we had to be one of the first people to christen it. We showed up 1.5 hours before the official grand opening and were literally first in line haha. Instead of having us stand to the side in the cold, one of the staffers actually came out to greet us and then offered us some seating on the patio under the heaters. Great service even before the doors opened! As for the food, my go-to is the Shack Stack with red peppers - a cheeseburger topped with a deep fried cheese-stuffed portobello mushroom. Heaven on a bun! I also breathed a sigh of relief when I heard that the crinkle cut fries are here to stay instead of the natural cut fries. Let me be one first to welcome Shake Shack to the West Coast - hopefully the first of many!Delicious burgers- a standout from the crowd of mediocre burger chains. Being from the Midwest these are a dime a dozen. The burger was flavorful and delicious and the bun was soft and fluffy; the best part, it didn't fall apart one bit or get soaked in grease. The people working were super friendly despite being the opening day. I heard they opened one in Chicago and this was good enough to venture there sometime. Also much cheaper than the chi-chi burger places in the strip hotels. Worth a try if you're hungry and want to eat without venturing through the smoky murkiness of hotel casinos.  Yum!Simply the best mass produced burger in the land.  Sorry In and Out... It's really not even close and I love InO.... Better patty, better bun, and the coutremounts are a slam dunk winner at SS.  One of kind!Believe the hype!  As good as In-N-Out, but with the best concretes in town.  Service is also excellent.I would like to add that getting a double meat ruins the balance, so stick with a single.Great prices very friendly so glad we stopped in this spot. They need to open one in los angeles.  Great food.Finally! Shake shack opened their doors! It has a very nice interior and patio sitting. Its located between  outside of nyny and monte carlo, so its way better to park at nyny and go through the food court. Best burger ive had in east side and finally now here in vegas!!! I highly recommend the SHAKE STACK and second the SHROOM BURGER. i love how the cheese will oooooozzzeee out once you bite onto your burger, one word, BOMBDIGGITTY! Also, their staff was very attentive and friendly! Please keep it up guys! Good service good food! ;)East coast burger joint meets west coast consumer! It's the next big thing to in and out burger!!!! Omg deliciousness ...;)I love Shake Shack! Always good anytime everytime. I once stood in line for 2 hours in NYC for Shake Shack burger. Thanks for opening in Vegas.Mmm. Drove from LA for the grand opening and got stuck in traffic both ways. Still gotta say it was worth it. Especially since I scored sunglasses and wristbands. They ran out of shirts right before me though. Sadness. I got the shack stack and I think they took more care packing the shroom with cheese for the opening because it was packed with cheese. It melted out and squirted everywhere. I don't remember that when I got the burger in NY. The all shook up concrete was good and the fries were better than I remember. The inside was nice and creamy and salted perfectly.The staff was super nice and the line moved quickly. I had to get in line for another shack stack because 1 didn't cut it for me. I can't wait to go back.I've tried Shake N Shack in Miami, DC, and Las Vegas. It was all perfect! Love it and enjoy it!For my 500th review, I am happy to write it for Shake Shack. This location is the first Shake Shack in the west coast and hopefully more to come! I am from Los Angeles and just happened to be in Vegas the day Shake Shack had its grand opening. Of course we stopped by to get our grub on! To my surprise, it wasn't a long wait. We waited maybe only 15 minutes and they gave us samples of their vanilla and chocolate concretes which kept me even more happy and satisfied. This is by far the largest Shake Shack I have ever been to. Lots of ample seating inside and outside. Heating lamps outside for those chilly winter nights. Decor is super modern and yet comfy. Service was great as usual and food was done super quick. This is a very friendly and efficient staff considering it was grand opening and there are sometimes hiccups. But I saw no hiccups. They were all a machine and happily working.My fiance and I got the Stack Shack which is my personal favorite. I love the cheesy portabello mushroom with my burger. I also normally get their vanilla shake but this time we changed it up and got their special which was the salted caramel shake. I am so glad we did. This shake was phenomenal and so delicious and creamy! It wasn't too sweet. It was just perfection.Just as a heads up, Shake Shack is technically not connected to a specific hotel. It is located in between NYNY and Monte Carlo. You can't miss it!Ahh even as I am writing this, I am craving their shakes. Their shakes are phenomenal. Maybe I need to go back to Vegas again very soon. I am so happy west coast finally has a Shake Shack of its own!Great customer service!  I paid $16 for two hot dogs, a fry, and a double scoop of custard.  Food was awesome so it was worth it.  Fresh ingredients, and very tasty! I would have no problem coming back!  Definitely worth the money and the food hit the spot!  This place is very popular and the line gets craaaaaazzzy long. Fortunately I got here right before the line got long.  Like I've said before,  it was worth it!The buns are very soft here ;) They make eating a lot easier, and their signature sauce adds a lot of flavor to the burger. We all ordered Shack Burgers and they were all perfectly cooked. The fries are pretty generic, but they aren't bad. THE SHAKES THOUGH. Salted caramel was amazing. Totally worth $6. The employees are a bit strange and socially awkward...but that's Vegas for you! Definitely worth trying out.Shake Shack has opened in Las Vegas with a bang. I have been a huge fan for years, and since moving to Vegas from the East Coast I couldn't be happier to see it in Sin City. I went the first weekend it opened, and the line was VERY long for being 5 p.m. on a Sunday night. It was all hands on deck--tons of staff members were working in the kitchen and working the dining room floor.Here's how it works at Shake Shack: You get in line, place your order, get your buzzer and wait for your buzzer to ring. Try to get a spot at one of the tables while you wait. Then you pick up your tray at the counter.All of their burgers are bomb--my favorite is the Smoke Shack with bacon and little bits of spicy pickled peppers. Vegetarians will be happy with their portabello burger, which is stuffed with cheese and then fried. So decadent. Their cheese fries are AMAZING--don't think about the calories, just indulge. They recently switched back to their crinkle cut fries, which aren't "fresh-cut" but have that nostalgia factor.I am a personal fan of Shake Shack's hot dogs--their Shack-cago dogs are freaking amazing.During this visit, one of the staff members saw that it was my friend's birthday and offered to bring her a frozen custard of her choice. When they brought it out a bunch of staff came out and surrounded our table, and then one worker started singing Happy Birthday. She had a fantastic voice!The only thing I would suggest is that they extend their late night hours. Plenty of people would love to do their drunk eating at the Shack! ;)Tika is amazing! I hope that's how you spell her name but regardless she is super awesome and single handedly made sure we were taken care of. Thank you! Shake Shack in Vegas is perfect, can't wait to see this place open up in the Bay. Just as good as the ones in NY, absolutely love it. 5 stars + millions more for Tika!Now I never have to move back to NYC. When I heard Shake Shack would be opening a location in NYNY I patiently waited for months to be reunited with the best burger ever. In and Out can't compete the burger, the bun,  it's all way better. The crinkle cut cheese fries are phenomenal. Who am I kidding everything is great. Yea there are lines and wait can sometimes be long but it's worth it, it will always be worth it. Do yourself a favor drive to the strip and grab a burger but note the date and time, because you will remember this burger forever.Finally!  I'll admit, I may be biased bc I'm an east coaster who prefers most burger joints over In N Out, so I shall leave you with these tips.The portions are fairly sized so if you don't want to be too stuffed, try going for a single burger, share the fries, and most definitely treat yourself with a concrete and/or a milkshake.  That custard of theirs is unique and complements their burgers very well, just sayin.  Enjoy the taste of NYC!This is best burger I have ever had period.  Better than all the high priced burger places on strip and better than in and out.   Burger was simply perfect combo of beef and bun and cheese and special sauce.Another NYC staple right around my neighborhood!!  Stoked to actually have the first West Coast franchise in Las Vegas instead of elsewhere.  Conveniently situated on Las Vegas Blvd for those who happen to be galavanting around the Strip and in need of some place for a quick meal.  This, however, isn't the case for locals as trying to get here can be such a pain.  Parking alone is a 10-15 minute walk from either New York-New York or Monte Carlo, only to find yourself lining up amongst a large crowd once arriving at the establishment.  At least the queue went by relatively fast so the wait didn't take too long despite of the line being quite lengthy.Unlike other locations I've gone to, this spot has a C-Line which lets customers buying anything off the menu but food items bypass the regular line.  This serves as an excellent pit stop for frozen custards or even alcoholic beverages while strolling around the area.Food was just as great as the meal I had in NYC or MIA: seasoned burger patty topped with lettuce, tomato and ShackSauce between pillowy potato bun.  People usually compare the burger from this place to other joints such as In-N-Out and Five Guys, but I have to say, I prefer the ones from here than the latter.  They also serve several beers on tap.  Perhaps my favorite is the ShackMeister which is made just for the company by Brooklyn Brewery.   Overall, Shake Shack is definitely one of the top fast food burger spots in town.  Excellent burgers, superb customer service and awesome ambiance.  I can already see myself being here at least once a week!Customer service is great! Food is amazing!  Environment is fun! Will definitely come again!Went in to see what all the buzz is about and Shake Shack was definitely worth the trip! The restaurant itself is so nice and well-designed, I loved it. The food was awesome. I would compare the juiciness of the burger to SmashBurger - it almost melts in your mouth. The staff was very friendly and we even got some free fries thanks to a really nice employee. Overall, I was pretty impressed!The shakes are outrageously delicious.  The burgers melt in your mouth!  There is no better view on the Strip than on this patio out front of NYNY.  The employees are super friendly and there is a great selection of beer & wine!  Yum yumI've always heard about Shake Shack from all my friends who have visited New York but never got the chance to try. Super happy they decided to open one in Vegas even though I live in California :') Stopped by here over the weekend on my way to Utah. Once you walk in they take you through a Disneyland type waiting line. The girl who took my order was super sweet and helped me pick out a burger since it was my first time.I ordered the Shack Stack a cheeseburger combined with the shroom burger which has a delicious crispy portobello mushroom filled with both ooey goodness of melted cheeses and muenster cheeses topped with lettuce and tomato. SO SO GOOD!! Especially with their shacksauce! Must try!!I also had a side order of their fries that I sprinkled with a bunch of pepper and dipped in ketchup, my fave :') I can't wait to visit Vegas again and stop by shack stack and try all the other things on their menu!!This isn't in n out but good so eat here to help their business yummy and get the concrete custard thingies and crinkle friesCame here from NYC...just like home. Rob. Was super nice and made sure this place is up to snuff.They're located on the Strip next to Starbucks at NY NY (not inside the casino). Outdoor and indoor seating. Buzzer system for orders.First day at CES and we hadn't had a meal all day. I heard they just opened this location and had to come here. I've been to serveral locations in NYC and miss the burgers here. Coming from CA, I prefer these burgers over In-n-Out because the buns are so soft and I'm not a fan of thousand island dressing.My order:

The only downside that I could think of is that there were not as many frames to select from for glasses. I found one possible pair, but I may look around first.Dr. Wong and the entire staff here are excellent. I was told upfront when I arrived for my appointment that the office was short staffed. I waited a little longer then anticipated but I never felt rushed through my exams or time with Dr. Wong which I appreciate since I have a very high prescription I like to know my eyes are being properly taken care of. Dr. Wong is very knowledgeable about high prescriptions and helped coach me through my eye exam to make sure I would receive the most accurate prescription.  Rhonda helped me with picking out my new glasses and was very willing to work with me and my insurance to get me the most affordable option for my new glasses and contacts. I would definitely recommend Clearvision SW!!Check out Dr. Wongs office through my insurance list of providers and saw a lot of great reviews on yelp. Pretty much spot on from the comments from making the appt on the phone to the end of my appt. Dr. Wong is sweet, caring and professional. Who exceeded my expectations. I felt so relax and seemed like I've been coming here for years. Thank you Dr. Wong and staff!!Just a great eye exam from start to finish. Was taken back 15 minutes before my appt. time and everything after that was like clockwork. Very High Tech exam and very personable and professional staff.Dr. Wong was great and very thorough and all of her staff as well.  Could have gone to the VA for free but Dr. Wong's office was worth every penny and not expensive at all. Rhonda found a great pair of glasses for me and had great suggestions. Recommend Highly!!!This office is so fantastic.  They are so efficient and considerate of your time.   Dr. Wong has excellent chair side manner and made me feel so comfortable.  I love the modern atmosphere and can't wait to come back next year!Dr. Wong and her staff are incredibly kind, professional, and knowledgeable. I know when I attend my appointments, Dr. Wong will be thorough with my evaluations and explain the health of my eyes. She taught me how to use contacts for the first time and made feel comfortable doing so. I know I've found my Optometrist for life!Very satisfied with Dr. Wong and her team. I had trouble with my last eye doctor and this time around it only took the initial visit and follow up appointment to get my vision dialed in. She was generous with providing contact lense samples to make sure I was satisfied and very patient with me. I will certainly be returning to her office the next time I am due for a check up. Another reason to go: this office uses new instruments which replaces the uncomfortable "eye puff" test.I have been going here since I have moved to Vegas in 2012. They are reliable and their staff are very friendly and helpful. Dr Wong is awesome! Rhonda always has the best advice when it comes to both style and cost! I really appreciate everything they do.My mother recently went in for an eye exam (she has insurance) and usually she isn't too pleased with the optometrists she has visited because they ALWAYS sell her diff lenses/glasses yet when it comes down to what is wrong with her vision they say they don't know and she seems to have good vision (which makes us irritated when they sell her new lenses/glasses if she doesn't need them).This Doctor was very honest and wasn't pushy at all! She did her routine eye exam and told her she didn't need any glasses or lenses because her vision was fine. She did tell her to use reading glasses while reading (obviously haha). The main thing here is because this doctor was honest she just made a permanent patient out of my mother as well as my father and I am sure she will be highly recommended by them to their coworkers/friends/and familyAlso I can't forget not only was the Dr very honest and professional but the entire staff was super nice and very helpfulClean, easy, friendly and quick appointments. Office has plenty of frame options, great staff and very sweet and smart doctor. I always get in quick and get the answers to any questions I may have. They take care credit and give the best deals. Love this place and the care they provide!Friendly staff and excellent service.  Definitely will be back for my next pair of glasses.First off let me say, I am utterly blown away!I've needed glasses for a while, but I was in complete denial. Standard guy mentality I guess. When searching for an optometrist I naturally searched multiple places using yelp. I came across this one and decided to book an appointment based on the high scores. When reading the previous negative reviews I had a few minimal concerns just like any new client, but that all disappeared the moment I walked into the door. Initially, I was going to book for another place in Henderson (further away) based on the fact that I need contacts AND glasses and ClearVision couldn't accommodate both in one appointment in such a short notice. Literally ten minutes later they called to let me know that they went out of their way to postpone their lunch breaks to accommodate me. Wow! I guarantee no other place would do that for a customer!Immediately after walking in I loved to organization and the cleanliness. Despite the receptionists getting a bad rap in previous reviews, Megan was very friendly. She went as far as making sure we all had a beverage in our hand the moment we walked in! (they have complimentary coffee service and bottled water.) I showed up 15 min early for my appointment to fill out paperwork, which took only a few min. While waiting to be called back for my exam I browsed their frames. Despite the other reviews saying they didn't have much of a selection, were not that friendly in recommending, and didn't let you browse yourself, that all couldn't be further from the truth. I narrowed my choices down to 2 or 3 before I even went into my appointment. Upon going into my appointment right on time, I was greeted with a friendly staff. they took me back to do my exam and I was impressed by how everything was being sanitized right in front of me. This gave me a lot of piece of mind. Karina, Rosel, and Riza (hope I spelled your names right) were extremely thorough with my exams and not to mention friendly/ professional the whole time. They have top of the line technology in their facility so I have had no doubts in my mind that I received the best the industry has to offer. Dr. Wong lives up to her great reputation and has a very calming demeanor. I was very nervous at the notion of stabbing my eye out putting in contacts, but she went out of her way to educate me thoroughly about the process. She illustrated the problems with my vision, what is actually being done to solve it, and how common less that perfect vision is. This made me feel as less of a customer and more of an actual person. When it came time to try out contacts it literally took me about 10 minutes per eye (if not more)to put the contact in and take them out. Karina, Rosel, and Riza all took turns giving me tips and tricks to try to make the process easier for me. I just want to say despite me taking a bit long, their professionalism never wavered. It definitely wasn't easy for me to do for the first time, but I never felt rushed during their education. They were extremely patient and super helpful the whole time. I also felt as if they didn't skimp on the education side of things either. I left knowing exactly what to do in every scenario. Granted, one can say this is part of their job, but the abundance of patience they exhibited was above and beyond. I left with absolutely no worries what so ever on caring for the contacts myself. something I was very worried about. Rhonda was next up to assist with my frames. Her official title is Optometrist Manager, but it should be: 'Long lost friend or making guests enjoy themselves, laugh their a$$es off, and have fun manager'. It isn't a fluke that she has such a great reputation on yelp. She is one of the sweetest ladies I've ever met.  Never once did I hear a sales pitch from her, never once did I feel as if she was pushy. She treated me with such value from top to bottom  that I feel as if I have an obligation to stop in and say hi to her when driving past the store now. She is the type of lady that not only managed my expectations from price to time, but went out of her way multiple times to make sure I was 100% satisfied with my experience. This is the definition of what great customer service is all about.  All in all, if you are they type of person that reads all the negative reviews and worries before you go to a new Optometrist, you have absolutely nothing to worry about here. It is absolutely no question in my mind how their scores are so high. They have a wonderful practice going here. They have just earned my business for life. TLDR;This place lives up to the great reviews, they went above and beyond in EVERY single facet of my experience. Courtesy, professionalism, timely, clean, patient, and thorough. Couldn't have asked for more!Whenever I come for my check ups, to get glasses, and now training for my contacts all of the employees have been so patient and friendly. Dr. Wong, has to be the nicest person i've ever met!! I've been coming here for some time now and will continue to come!Dr. Wong is literally the nicest and best doctor ever! I used to get nervous when I have to do my eye exams because my eyes are so bad, but my visits to Dr. Wong are always so quick and easy. If you are looking for a new eye doctor, I highly recommend Dr. Wong!Loved my visit at clear vision! All of them are really nice and they know exactly what you want when picking out glasses!I had such a poor experience with my last eye exam that I was looking for a place which would take more time and effort to make sure I had the correct prescription. Thankfully I found Dr. Wong and her amazing staff at Clearvision. I never do reviews, but I think it's important to show appreciation to a business that puts its patients first. I was not an easy person to fit for my contacts, but Dr. Wong took her time and made sure I was getting the best prescription possible. I can't say enough for everyone there who were always friendly and professional!Super friendly staff. Neat little modern facility, with cool equipment. Open Saturdays is a plus! Doc Wong, gave me truthful advice about the science with my eyes, and letting me know what is best. Plenty of parking and major stores nearby to take care of errands too. Would recommend to friends family, yes!Dr. Wong and her staffs are the nicest people I've ever encountered in any Dr.'s offices. I went in for initial exam which took less than 20mins including waiting time. A week later at the follow up, the assistant who helped with the exam remembered my son's name and asked how he was doing. I was blown away by this because I felt like they cared and I wasn't just another patient in the office. I would highly recommend Clearvision for your next eye exam.  By the way, they have asian fit glasses which i am very excited to try on.Dr Wong is great, so is Rhonda. I'm new to wearing glasses (although I shouldn't be ... Didn't realize how bad my eyes were until I had my office visit.)I've experienced some challenges with my glasses, but essentially because I wasn't exactly sure what was a good fit for me.. And the recommendation given was appropriate based on what I thought I needed, but once I started wearing them, I realized I had more robust needs and would require changing the lenses.I emailed Rhonda - and it was handled. I emailed again, and again it's handled. The service here is 5 star worthy. What I really like is the fact that if things aren't exactly right, you don't get treated with contempt or a sense of aggravation. They simply handle business and work to make you 100% satisfied. Bottom line - if you've been putting off your eye exam and you're not quite sure where to go or who to trust.... Go to Clearvision and Dr Wong. You'll get treated right, and you're not stuck if there are adjustments needed.Everyone is very kind and very helpful with all of your eyeglass or contact lenses needs. Don't feel shy with any of your questions because they have the answers! 

Can't wait until you guys open in Texas!!!!!!!I can't say enough good things about this place. The food is delicious and the service is excellent. Well worth the wait if there is one.I haven't been here in over 7 months and I still think of this place! Great atmosphere, great service, and amazing food. Anyone who says Roscoe's is the best chicken and waffles place has obviously never had Lo-Lo's!Went her for supper tonight. We were seated quickly but did set for quite some time wondering who our waitress would be. She was working the tables on either side of us but not acknowledging us sitting there.(the other were wrapping up their meals). So no biggy she apologizes and thanks us for waiting. She gets our drinks ordered quickly and brought back just as quick. Our appetizer took no time at all to come out. FRIED GREEN TOMATOES in January! They were fantabulous! I also ordered a Melon Mojito from the bar and that came out super fast as well. The bar tender even came to the table to see how I liked my drink, which I loved.Fast forward to food, all of our food came out shortly after we finished our appetizer. I everything I had was great. The chicken and waffles were just great together. I had a wing, thigh, and a breast. All were crunchy and moist on the inside. My kids who are hard to please ate every bite of their chicken strips and waffles. 

They have ample wine and beer options and I always appreciate the smaller beer glasses($3),which give more opportunities to try more.The brushettas were fresh and appetizing and turkey panini tasted great!I love this restaurant!!!  The service is amazing, the wine list is great, and the white bean bruschetta is amazing!   I will be back!LOVE LOVE LOVE, I am IN love with this place!!!  The gluten-free bruschetta boards are so good that I can't even tell the bread is GF!  And the red pepper Gouda soup is to die for - and that's coming from someone who usually skips the soup.  ;). And don't even get me started on the unbelievable atmosphere...Great place for data night!  Brushettas are great!I was in desperate  need of a good Stylist, as well as a haircut.  I am pretty easy to please with most thing, but I grew up in a family of hair stylist; and when it comes to my hair I can be pretty hard to please.  When I called to make my appt., I made it with Shellynn. super friendly on the phone, took the time to answer all of my questions, and made me feel very comfortable in looking forward to my appt.  The day I came into Platinum hair studio, it was very clean, and Shellynn was very friendly, and went over what I would like done with my hair.   She had a lot of work to do, and when she was finish........it looked fabulous!  I have found my stylist, and do not plan on going anywhere else!  Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!I had been coloring my hair red using box hair color for a little over a year... I was tired of it and had been wanting to go blonde for a while. I was scared because of all the red that it wouldn't be bright enough or turn out yellow or orange! I looked up hair salons close to my house and this one stood out... It had good reviews plus it was right across the street from me! I called them up and told the ladies what I had going on and they told me to come in for a consultation. I showed up around 1245 on a Sunday... Shellynn was the stylist working that day. She checked out my hair and was confident she could fix my situation! She informed me that they close at 4 on Sundays and she might not have enough time to finish everything at once. :o( she told me she had an appointment after work and couldn't stay late but I totally understood. Was just a little disappointed not to get everything done that day! So we started the bleaching/stripping/coloring process. I was so nervous. She used a color remover to get a lot of the old red dye out. Then she foiled my hair. At this point she let me know that she cancelled her plans after work and was going to do it all in one sitting!! I was so happy. She didn't have to do that but you could tell she really took pride in her work and wanted to do it right. After some waiting and rinsing and toning it was time to see the finished product!! Please don't let it be yellow!!!! She dried my hair and it looked amazing! Totally blonde and natural looking. She cut my hair and styled it just the way I like it. Thank you Shellynn! I will be back ;o)I bought a coupon from LivingSocial.com for a steal and the service was amazing.  I would go back here anytime.I had a voucher to Platinum Hair Studio that was about to expire, so I called and they were able to squeeze me in on the same day. My hairstylist was Tatianna. She took a look at my hair and asked what I wanted done. Since I've been trying to grow out my hair, I just wanted a trim. I asked her if she'd suggest more layers, but she explained it wasn't a very good idea because my hair is curly. She really knew what she was talking about when it came to my type of hair, which isn't something I experience very often. My voucher came with a Brown Sugar Scalp Scrub ($20), Keratin Glazing Treatment ($15), and a haircut. The scrub was very nice and Tatianna was very thorough. She took her time and made sure to get every spot of my scalp. I definitely felt like my whole scalp was cleansed after that. After shampooing and conditioning, she put the Keratin glazing treatment in my hair then started blow drying and straightening it to lock in the treatment. While she did that, she lightly trimmed my hair and fixed up some uneven parts. I was probably in the salon for about an hour, but it flew by because she was able to hold a conversation with me the entire time. Tatianna really did a great job on my hair. Even though it was just a light trim, I was very satisfied with my experience at the salon. Highly recommended!I love this place! Laudine was such a big help to my already damaged hair. She recommended that I come back once a month for a deep conditioning to get my hair back on track and I'm gonna do it. Thanks so much for everything and I'm glad you're my stylist. Keep up the amazing work you do :)I have been cutting my own toe nails like forever. But a few months ago I develop in-grown toe nails on two of my toe nails. Each time I cut it, it would return and cause pain on the toes. I finally gave up and ready to seek help. This place was close by so I thought I'll give it a try. It's been remodeled  and looks new. I always thought a pedicure was a female thing. But the owner said guys get manicure and pedicure too. So, I soaked my feet for about for about 10 minutes and then he cut my toe nails. Afterwards, I had my feet scrubbed to removed the dead skin I guess. It's been about a month now and my toe nails are growing normally and no pain. They did a great job and the people there are very friendly.Just got my first French gel manicure by Lee. I was looking for a friendly place close to UNLV and this is it! Lee and Tommy own this little nail shop and everyone is really friendly and speaks perfect English, which is nice in a big city like Vegas. My nails look great, there was no wait for a walk in, and prices are competitive. Very pleased, I think I found my new spot!The best nail salon ever! I've been going to Tommy and Ly for about 5 or 6 years now and I wouldn't want to go anywhere else. Tommy does my nails and they are always perfect! Ly does my pedicure and it's the best!  Although the location isn't amazing, the shop is nice. Not sure why one user said it was so dirty, they keep the shop very clean. If you pass this place by, you're missing out!I'm so happy I found this nail salon! The way they do nails is so clean and professional. Lee did my nails and I asked for a gel French manicure for short nails. She ended up making my nails more beautiful than I expected! They really pay attention to detail, are very friendly, and do amazing nails! The rates are inexpensive for the quality you get. I went to this place because of the good reviews I saw on yelp and now I won't go anywhere else!I happened upon this place b/c my son was playing paintball @ Flamingo & MD so I had a few hours to kill.  I had a pedicure (I rarely ever get my nails done b/c I've had bad experiences) and the girl was fabulous!  Unfortunately, I didn't get her name.  I tried to go back on Mother's Day for a pedicure, but they were closed.  :(  I will definitely go back.I'm still going to this nail salon and am still as happy as ever with them! Lee is super sweet and always makes my nails beautiful. She has high standards for what the finished product will be and that's why I only go to her. My nails stay strong for a long time with the gel manicure, which is a great because my nails usually break easily. She never takes short cuts and always does a superb job. She's also open to trying new styles so you can have fun with your nails. I can't say enough good things about this place!I'm from Chicago. They took good care of me, did my pedi & mani super fast without having an appointment. Plus, they made sure I was on time for my next appointment. Great service!I popped in for a quick no chip manicure.  Ly was awesome!   Very sweet, personable and just the right amount of chatty.   She also gave the best hand massage I've ever gotten.   I could have easily fallen asleep.  I was in and out super quickly and my nails look great.     All the utensils were in a sterilized package and the prices were reasonable.Amazing! I went here originally because it was close to work.. They got me in immediately for a full set and my nails looked amazing.. Better than some fancy schmancy salons I've been to! I was so happy with them I knew I'd be back! Unfortunately I had to go 5 weeks without a fill (yes 5 weeks!) and to my surprise not ONE SINGLE NAIL came off! They were 100% in tact and (despite the obvious nail growth) looked pretty damn good! I'm back here today for my fill and I will never go anywhere else for a full set again! I look forward to checking out their pedicure next time I come in!I have been coming to tip toe for years I originally began coming because it's right by my house but I kept coming thanks to the quality of services! Tommy is the best I always leave happy and with impeccable nails. He is so sweet he always remembers me and what I like and he also remembers everyone else that walks In the door. Great price & great quality!Still the best full set manicure I've ever had! If you're looking for an amazing mani or pedi and you're in Las Vegas this is the place to go! Tommy and Ly are masters of their craft! So happy!It's the best nail shop I have ever been! Their staffs are so nice!! That's my favorite place!Love it. From out of town needed a mani pedi and they were great. Close to the strip and great quality nail work. Friendly staffNever ever disappointed!! They do SUCH amazing work! I won't ever go anywhere else as long as I'm in Vegas! Nails that last forever!I absolutely love coming here, I'm very picky about my nails and tried out plenty of other salons in the area and this is the only place I would recommend. Their staff is so friendly and make sure your nails are perfection. Their service exceeds what you're paying for, I love my nails every time I come.Great services. Love my nails. They stayed late just for us!! Thank you. Will definitely come back.I've been going to Tip Toe for almost two years. I love this shop!! Tommy is great!! He is very patient and attentive. He does great work on my nails (acrylic) and is also a good conversationalist if you're in the mood.  Pedicures with Anne or Ly are simply amazing!  I always look forward to my next visit to Tip Toe!If you're looking for fancy schmancy, bells and whistles then this might not be your place but if you want something above ALL of that this your place:) They have amazing customer service and give a pretty darn amazing manicure and pedicure! My feet feel better than any Burkes & Williams high end spa I've ever been to! Lei is amazing!!!This is a hidden gem! This place is hands down best in Las Vegas! From the creativity of the nail techs, to the overall friendliness of the staff. They are very affordable for anyone on a budget! They also believe In doing whatever they can to make sure you return. I have been a regular here for 3 years they have earned my business for life! My nails never break lift or chip! That for me is all I need!Great friendly service, always love how my nails look, great massage chair when doing your pedicure,I had been going to random nail shops around Vegas for about 8 months before I stumbled on this nail place. Super close to the strip.. Which is where I live. Either way,  the first time I came here Tommy promised me that I would LOVE my nails and that they would last over 3 weeks. I took the chance... And my nails actually lasted 4 weeks!! Not only are they the perfect size and shape... They last forever. Their pedicures are super thorough, too. I found my nail place here in Vegas! Make sure you go with time... It's always busy here.I got a gel manicure here for $35 before after a night in Vegas. This place is small and little bit off the strip where I was staying but it was clean. Ly did my nails and she was great. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.Got a tip that Tip Toe is a great place for an affordable pedicure while visiting Vegas. It was very sanitary and Anne was so thorough. It was a much better pedicure than I got last year at a fancy hotel spa for three times the price.Definitely coming back the customer service was excellent and the nail tech got down on the design thank you Tommy and LyVisiting from California,  this is the best pedicure I've ever had! Trust me I've had plenty. Amazing Job AND Great Customer Service!!Simple but amazing place. Great service and friendly staff. Did a great job on my nails. My friend and I came in late and because they were busy they called in the owner to help -he was super nice and they did such a good job on my nails- we were in a rush and so they did hands and feet in the massage chair and it was awesome!!!! My friend got acrylics and they were so fast and good at it!!I brought another friend in the next day and she loved it.Definitely pick this place over others in Vegas!!Personally I love this place. I agree with the reviews. It's a simple, no frills nail salon with great customer service and so far everyone has done a great job. I was coming here on my lunch hour for a gel manicure with Ly and she is amazing. Fast and high quality gel manicures. She always went above and beyond and repaired any broken/shorter nails so they always looked great. Today I came in for my first pedicure. Pedicures make me more nervous since I have super tiny pinky toes and and am ticklish. But it was a great, good massage and it was a nice way to end my busy work day.Lee you are the MVP. great service, she is quick and precise. I love the way she does my nails. this is my go-to place. wish they opened sunday :[ NO apps, all walk-ins, but it would be wise to call before you go so you can get an estimate of how long the wait will be before they help you :DA friend at work recommended this place, I don't know what took me so long to come here! I wish I had stopped in here sooner. I came here to get a pedicure in the middle of the day. I was lucky and I did not have a wait but right after they took me, a large line formed. I can see why they started to get a line, everyone here is super nice and personable. They made me comfortable and welcome. Besides that, it was one of the beta pedicures I have had in a while. Shaped the nails perfectly and constantly checked in to ask what I wanted.Support your local small business. This is an independent pharmacy on the Southwest side of town. They will value your business and treat you with care and compassion. Give them a shot and you won't be disappointed. They accept most insurance. Really fast, friendly service. I get all my prescriptions filled there now.This place is FAST!We used to going to CVS to fill prescriptions, but we would have to wait hours for a refill or they would be out of a certain medication.  We were actually sent here from a pharmacist at CVS because they were out of a medication for over two weeks.We got just what we needed and they filled it while you waited!  Not even a ten minute wait.  Hooray for small businesses.  Customer service is incredible.  They are completely professional.  They are friendly.They've definitely made a loyal customer out of me.My son went to this Kumon for last 8 years (both Math and Reading). Mrs.G was very patient from the beginning. He still spends time with my son whenever she gets a chance. He learnt a lot and did well in school because of Mrs.G. I can't thank enough Mrs.G and Mr.Ram for their dedication and focus to this center and attention they give to the children who attend the center.I love this place.  My 8 year old twins have gone here for 6 months and they have both progressed tremendously in math and reading.  What I especially like is my daughter, who struggles with attention and motivation, gets tons of one on one time with one of the tutors and is progressing at a great pace.  The staff is very helpful and patient with the kids and Mrs G, the owner, is super friendly and competent, she discovers each child's unique strengths and weaknesses and modifies the curriculum to meet their individual needs. I highly recommend this location if your are considering a tutor or learning center for your child.This field is fantastic! Best in the Las Vegas area!They have two very well maintained airball fields and one massive scenario field. It is built on an old golf course. There is also an elevated viewing area with full view of both airball fields. The place is clean inside and out. They even have a shoe brush so you can clean your shoes after you're done playing. Its not a big deal but the attention to detail is nice.Inside, the A/C works well for when you need to cool down. There are two large seating areas for big groups. One of those areas has a dry erase board if you want to talk strategy with your team. They have a decent arcade as well as a ping pong table. The only thing I am not to jazzed about is the lack of lockers.The rentals there are well maintained too. I've heard no complaints about them and have not seen anyone need to go through multiple ones to get a proper working one as I have seen at other fields. Mainly LVPP with their terrible rentals.The staff is also very helpful and friendly. We had a ref watching over all of our games at all times. The ref would do his job of watching us to ensure everyone was being safe as well as calling people out and using an air horn to start and stop the game. With any issues we had, the staff were willing to help.The last thing is the paint. It is very good quality. Well above Recball paint but below tournament level. They also do not charge an arm and a leg for it as well.Overall, myself and my friends love this field! THE field to go to in the Las Vegas, NV area. It has a little something for everyone, is well staffed, and very well maintained.We went there for a tournament in November.  Everyone at Vegas Extreme Paintball was friendly and welcoming.  A big shout out to Crow who made our day.  Thank you Crow!Awesome place to play groups customer service great big field in the back not to expensiveThese guys are true professionals. Due to the severe rain in the Valley we had water damage in several places. One section of our home(water damage also) was being handled by another contractor for over 3 weeks. Then we had an emergency roof leak from our air conditioner that ruined the wall and ceilings in my daughters room. They came out and knocked the whole project out in two days. I wish they were the company handling our other water problems in the dining area but we are in a rental so it isn't up to us to assign the company. The workers are very nice and respectable. They laid down plastic and covered their work area ceiling to floor in plastic to avoid any dust in the house from falling insulation and cutting of the drywall. They also cleaned up after themselves and left the area cleaner than when they arrived and even cleaned up the mess the air conditioner workers had left behind after they fixed the AC unit in the crawl space. Can't say enough good things about this company and I appreciate their work ethic and excellent customer service. Keep up the good work!Fortunately, I haven't needed TRS to clean up water damage, but they clean carpets, too.  I've used them twice now to clean my entire house and the carpets looked great both times.  And the price is honest and straightforward--not like the other companies that call a patch of carpet in the hall a "room"!  If I do ever have water damage, they will be the ones i call.I just had to pass along what a positive experience I had with the team from Trademark Restoration Services. When you have water coming out of you downstairs ceiling you need immediate help and TRS provided that with compassion and professionalism. They took control of the situation and explained each step toward repairing the damages caused by a upstairs bathroom leak. Great job done by great guys.I don't review companies very often, but I felt so well taken care of by TRS that I wanted to give them a big 5 STAR rating here on Yelp to let people know that they are the hands down BEST mold remediation company I've ever done business with. I had a big job that needed addressing. Mold was found in several areas in a 4200 sf home I was selling last month (I'm a Realtor). We were in escrow already and so needed fast action on bids and work done. Todd was absolutely wonderful. He was courteous and friendly, extremely knowledgeable - I felt he was honest and upstanding 100% - and I've been in the RE business for 10 year so I've seen my fair share of contractors, good and bad. Todd stayed in excellent communication with me and his bid beat others by a good margin. The work completed was confirmed by professional testing, and I, the buyer's agent, the buyer and seller were all very happy with the work done. I actually found this company on Yelp via other great ratings, and I am happy to report that Todd's services and professionalism exceeded my expectations. I gave his info to my broker to hold on to as a reference for all the agents in my brokerage needing a fair and reliable mold remediation company. I recommend TRS all day long - he handled this big job for me beautifully and I know he'll do a great job on any job he's called on, big or small. It's tough to find a company out there as excellent and upstanding as TRS. Exceptional customer service, job well done, great price. TRS is first-rate all the way.Trademark Restoration Services with its quick response puts customers minds at ease. Their professionalism is outstanding and they get the job done. I find the staff friendly, knowledgable and go above and beyond to provide a finished product.I've been using Trademark for years and am very happy with them. From phone call to finish, they are professional and do a great job. They had to reschedule due to an emergency and gave me a discount to use on my cleaning. It's how business should be done. Highly recommended!TRS recently assisted with water damage in our home.  They provided a well detailed quote, good communication, and the project was completed on time.  Kristin and Todd kept us informed and ensured our satisfaction.   We would easily recommend their services.Great pho and live music Friday and Saturday. Definitely coming back!The food is amazing.  I had the pho and my friend had a plate of rice noodles with beef and veggies.  Both dishes were great.  And they use fresh ingredients which is what I loved most about it.  As good as the food was the happy hour drink prices were even better.  This is definitely my new fav restaurant bar.This place took my Pho virginity... and it was good.I was initially excited when I sat down by the awesome playlist of old school hip hop playing in the background- it instantly put me in a good mood. The owner visited with us, and made some suggestions as this was my first time having Pho. I started with some spring rolls that they made to be vegetarian that tasted AMAZING. Perfect peanut sauce, and they replaced the meat with avocado and tofu. The taste hit the spot. Next, I opted for veggie pho, which I was a little disappointed to find out that it was still a beef broth base, but I tried it anyway and it was delicious. They served it with a side of fresh bean sprouts, mint and a lime. So many different flavors, yet they all complimented one another.I treated myself to a Thai iced tea, which honestly was one of the best I've ever had. Sweet, but without the smokey aftertaste that some Thai teas can have (which I hate- so I don't always order them). It came with some boba which was a fun addition. I really hope this place does well, as the food, service and atmosphere were all great. I hear they are thinking about doing karaoke and I totally hope they do. I'll be back!I used to go to a Pho place on the West side of town all the time with my father when he was still alive. Pho Bang. That place was a family business and remained my favorite Pho joint for years. I took dates there and it was one of my go-to little hidden spots to recommend and take friends to for years. Over time, they started going a bit down hill I think. The food didn't seem to change much, but after awhile it was apparent that they were in need of a fresh coat of paint or new chairs and tables or something. Anyway, long story short - I eventually sorta stopped going there and I didn't really realize how much I missed having a good Pho place to hit up once in awhile. That brings me to Pho Cao. This is the building that used to be Crazy Fish 202 Sushi. I think it was even something before that I can't remember. The parking lot is awkward to get to, and if you miss the turn you may be inclined to just give up and go somewhere else rather than turn around and go back. Well, don't. This place is worth it. It has only been open less than a week, but they've already made massive changes to the building and if you've been here before, you're in for a pleasant surprise as they've clearly put in a lot of work. There are still a few little kinks to be worked out as they are so new, but that's pretty standard at any new place. The owner and staff are super nice and enthusiastic. I love supporting local businesses when it's clear they love what they are doing - and that shows here.Now the food... is it as good as my favorite Pho? Well, I would definitely have to put their rolls up there with the best of them. I ordered a second plate of Egg Rolls (which are called Spring rolls at the other place) after finishing the first if that tells you anything. They mixed up my order a bit for my entree and brought out something that was similar to what I ordered, but a totally different item. It was a simple mistake, but they were good about offering to correct it.I opted to eat it anyway rather than send it back. I plan on trying a bunch of things there, and I'm not a stickler for such things. The waitress was attentive and quick to bring drink refills. My entree was good, and I tried my gf's Pho and thought that was mighty tasty as well. The tea she ordered was amazing - the little beads of boba reminded me of that Orbitz drink that was discontinued years ago. If you're feeling nostalgic, there you go... I had a good time, and I'm looking forward to going back. They have great food. They are close to my house too which is a plus. They have a full bar and plan to do live music and other fun stuff. They also plan to start delivering soon I believe which is awesome. We need more delivery places in town. It's close to ASU and Old Town Scottsdale - such a great location.By the way - I found out it's pronounced FUH and not foe. After all these years doing it wrong. I may just keep saying it wrong.Attention Gluten Free'ers... This place is a paradise for those of us consuming a sans gluten diet. That said, the food was amazing the service was outstanding and did I mention almost EVERYTHING is GLUTEN FREE. The broth they use for the Pho is spectacular. We all had something different and dish after dish; pork, steak, shrimp, and vegetarian just kept getting better. Please make your palate happy and eat at Pho Cao.The food is so yum O!!! Everything I have tried is amazing!!! I love pho and I gotta tell ya the magic is in the broth. When I'm feeling down or feel sickness coming on, pho is my go to comfort food. The broth can heal a broken heart :) The spring rolls are fresh and creative. I usually go with the shrimp and pork but recently tried the avocado and tofu, they were so good. My friend ordered the shaken beef stir fry. She was surprised and pleased with her dish. Marinated filet mignon, fresh sautéed vegetables, and jasmine rice. I stole a couple of bites and definitely decided that's what im ordering next time. The prices are great for the amount of food your served. The staff is awesome and are always willing to accommodate. I think it was meant to be, that they opened up right down the street from me. It's my favorite place to go for cocktails and food. They have a great happy hour and reverse happy hour, 1/2 off drinks and discounts on appetizers.Pho is fantastic and service is great! Chicken pho had big juicy chunks and the spring rolls were yummy. Linda our waitress was so nice and attentive!Had a small get together with some friends before my daughter leaves for Okinowa next week.I thought this place was ok, the first couple times (see previous reviews) but, now have a couple of things to add.The Filet Mignon Shaking Beef is delicious. The Bun Bo Hue is even better.  I skipped these dishes the first time because I was a little intimidated by the name but, that was my mistake. The Calamari is wonderful here but, you guys need some Marinara sauce to go with it.Matt, my server was super (thanks Matt) but we had a big group so everyone chipped in whenever they could,  (thanks Nick and David)  The owner, Victor was constantly checking to make sure things were ok, they were but, I LOVED that.I was with a diverse group 20-60 years old but, everyone had a blast.Friendly place, good food, great value.  Try for yourself. then send Me a compliment on yelp.  I need more!!!the food was excellent and service was great.  I loved itI came here for lunch and loved it.   Loved the music, free wifi, friendly and quick service and delicious Pho.  I got a giggle out of a white guy serving me PHO, but I'd definitely come back.  I could sit here and work on my laptop all day.The pho was phabulous!!  We had a great meal at this new and wonderful restaurant... Go check it out and I know you will love the food and the owner, Victor, who really made sure we had a great experience.This place is everything a pho joint is supposed to be and then some! Let's start with the basics: It's cheap! You can get a bowl of pho for 6-8 bucks depending on how hungry you are. It's also the real deal! They have tendon and tripe for all you sickos out there that are actually into that. Just give me a piping hot bowl with beef, brisket and a ton of Sriracha, I'm a happy guy! We also tried the shaking beef because everyone rants and raves about it and it's only $9.95.. It was heaven in the form of little filet mignon cubes! We just happed to get here during happy hour and were pleasantly surprised with half priced draft beers!The sign out front advertises live music and karaoke some nights of the week, adding a nice element of entertainment! Add to that the fact that they serve food late into the night, and you've got yourself a nice little spot! I can't wait to go back!The spring rolls are well wrapped and taste great with the dipping sauce. The pho broth is very clean tasting, each bite is delicious. the smell inside gets your mouth watering and the ppl are all very nice.I took my girl friend out for our anniversary to have lunch at Pho Cao.  We were greeted right away and seated at the window booth. We ordered salmon spring rolls and summer rolls as appetizers.  My girl friend raved about how delicious they were. For entrees we ordered filet mignon shaken beef and Pho dac biet (Pho Cao).  The beef was tender and tasty.  The pho was delicious--the best broth I've ever had. The taste of the beef broth is hard to find in many other pho restaurants.  The service was excellent.  The server Natalie was very attentive and came to check on us if we needed anything during our meal.  She even suggested the berry smoothies for dessert.  My girl and I loved it so much that we ordered another one for to-go.  The total bill was $38 dollars.  $38 is very cheap for the quality of food and the service we received.  We always spend at least $70 or more for two when we order appetizers, entrees and desserts.  We also learned that Pho Cao is only place open 'til 2:00 am for Pho in the valley.  We'll definitely be back to get some late night pho.  I would highly recommend Pho Cao to anyone looking for some quality Pho.The people here are wonderful & helpful! It's a great location for me to get something really good at decent prices & they were quick(only 10mins). I really don't know Vietnamese food well, but the large Pho Chin did me well. WAY bigger than expected, all the fixin's separated (I ordered to-go) and that way I made it all to taste. I'd much rather do that than be surprised by too much or too little of something. The potstickers are huge & delicious. I can't wait until the next time. I'm gonna eat in & have a few drinks & sample an entree next! YAY! 

A wonderful experience overall and down to the smallest detail! 

Can't say enough good things about this practice. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!I started seeing Dr. Banchik over one year ago.  She came highly recommended by a friend.  My prior experience with dental profession is that they always place their financial interest ahead of patient care. From the first visit, Dr. Banchik took a sincere interest in me as a patient.  She was very professional, honest and caring.  I was so impressed with her skills, knowledge and her caring personality  that I now travel from San Francisco to Vegas for my dental care..Dr. Banchik is the best & Las Vegas is lucky to have her!Let me start off just by saying these dentists are AMAZING! I absolutely hate going to the dentist (im a big chicken).  I have not been in five years and went to Hillcrest Dental just last week.  I have always been super nervous about going to the dentist...just hearing the word dentist would make anxious.  That was until I came to this office. The day I called, they were able to fit me in that afternoon.  Ive been here four times already and each visit was a great experience.  They are great about fitting you in depending on your schedule. I originally found Dr. Olya Banchik on yelp and this is her new office which she took over from Dr. Dyke just last month.  I saw Dr. Olya on my first visit and she was so nice and welcoming.  The second time I went, her husband, Dr. Leon Banchik was the doctor who took care of my fillings.  He is so kind, gentle, easy going, and truly cares about his patients.  He ensures his patients are always comfortable while being worked on.  Because it had been so long that Ive been to the dentist and didnt take that great of care for my teeth, I had many cavities to fill.  I actually maxed out my insurance for the year and Dr. Leon Banchik was so generous to not charge me for a couple of fillings my insurance wasnt going to cover.  My bill went from $539 to $180!  Dr. Leon is one of those doctors who wants to help his patients, not gauge them.  I am so glad I have found a dentist that I trust and enjoy visiting (I did not ever think I would ever say the word enjoy and dentist in the same sentence!)  I would recommend both Dr. Olya or Dr. Leon as they are both professional, do good work, are trustworthy, and patient.  Thank you hillcrest dental for taking such great care of me!  You ROCK Dr. Leon!Let me start off just by saying these dentists are AMAZING! I absolutely hate going to the dentist (im a big chicken).  I have not been in five years and went to Hillcrest Dental just last week.  I have always been super nervous about going to the dentist...just hearing the word dentist would make anxious.  That was until I came to this office. The day I called, they were able to fit me in that afternoon.  Ive been here four times already and each visit was a great experience.  They are great about fitting you in depending on your schedule. I originally found Dr. Olya Banchik on yelp (she sounded great) and this is her new office which she took over from Dr. Dyke just a few months ago.  I saw Dr. Olya on my first visit and she was so nice and welcoming.  The second time I went, her husband, Dr. Leon Banchik was the doctor who took care of my fillings.  He is so kind, gentle, easy going, and truly cares about his patients.  He ensures his patients are always comfortable while being worked on.  Because it had been so long that Ive been to the dentist and didnt take that great of care for my teeth, I had many cavities to fill.  I actually maxed out my insurance for the year and Dr. Leon Banchik was so generous to not charge me for a couple of fillings my insurance wasnt going to cover.  My bill went from $539 to $180!  Dr. Leon is one of those doctors who wants to help his patients, not gauge them.  I am so glad I have found a dentist that I trust and enjoy visiting (I did not ever think I would ever say the word enjoy and dentist in the same sentence!)  I would recommend both Dr. Olya or Dr. Leon as they are both professional, do good work, are trustworthy, and patient.  Thank you hillcrest dental for taking such great care of me!  You ROCK Dr. Leon!Can I give 10 stars please? I have the worst fear of dentists. We are talking I have anxiety during the x-rays. I had to have an emergency procedure done and do not have a dentist in Las Vegas yet. (Well I do now!) First of all I walked in at 8am when they opened showed them what happened and I was filling out paperwork and in a room by 9am. 

1. Cleanliness

It was on Monday night and it has been an amazing experience. That will make me rethink a lot staying on the strip.

-Elote Preparado (corn in a cup) Not to mention, they have ALL NATURAL beet juice, carrot juice, mango, gosh!! Do yourself a favor and go here asap!!I had been checking reviews of this place from quite a long time, and so much wanted to go here but because of one or other reason couldn't go. Finally, last Sunday I had a chance to try out this place. They have a huge selection of ice creams and water based treats ( kinda like sorbet). I wanted to try all of them but my husband did not let me buy each one of them :(. After tasting a few, I settled on spicy mango, spicy pineapple, strawberry yogurt and strawberry. All for myself. I loved spicy mango and pineapple. It was like mango/pineapple mixed with crushed ice, chilly powder, salt, sugar. Tasted fresh and yum. Now strawberry yogurt and strawberry paletas were not overly sweet like usual ice creams, which I really liked. Both had pieces of fruits in them and they did not taste heavy. Loved everythingPicture this: you're in a quaint room filled with chairs in vivid colors. Two children sit at a miniature picnic table, speaking to each other over popsicles as their parents eat ice cream. You sit in one of the colorful chairs, scraping a plastic spoon over the cold exterior of ice cream--an ice cream scoop that you come to discover, as you bring the spoon to your mouth, is the best ice cream you have ever had. This was my experience at El Oasis. I chose the mango ice cream, which surprisingly had mango chunks in it as well. The environment felt like an eternal summer day, as if it didn't matter what time of year it was--no matter what, El Oasis will be a sunny place where ice cream will always be the perfect choice, regardless of the weather outside. At the ice cream counter, there are two options: water based and dairy based. There are plenty of flavors for each; the main difference is that the water based ice cream has a refreshing, sherbert-like texture, whereas the diary based is creamy and decadent. The cost of one scoop may seem slightly expensive upon first impression, but one scoop fills a cup and you can't beat the quality.I highly recommend El Oasis. If you're looking for something new and can picture yourself in the scene described above, this is an excellent place to go.Corn and cheese ice cream. Omg. Amazing! I would have taken a large container to go but I didn't think it would survive the trip to Bloomington.  I would drive an hour for this ice cream. Hands down.This place has the best ice cream I have ever had!!! So good, definitely worth to try!I've been in town for one year and am angry that I just found this place.  The water based ice cream is explosive in flavor.  The torta was filling and fantastic.  And the people who own the store are so very helpful.  A must for anyone living or visiting.I really enjoyed my experience at this place and it was mostly the service that made it a fun time. We had bought a living social deal to try the food and the two guys who waited on us, I believe their names were Dave and AJ, were so friendly. We've never done crab maryland style so they both took the time to show us how to do it and made it a really lighthearted and silly experience. The food is a bit pricey for the quantity, especially the appetizers, but everything was tasty the crab was really yummy! We also had beer and watched football, they even put the game we wanted on, which added to the charm of this place. It is the type of place with awesome food and a chill atmosphere, we will definitely return to mallot some crabs!Waited a long time for you to open. Not the same Maryland crab house feel as the other location but just as good on the food and service rock on!For any native Marylander living in Vegas, this place is a dream come true.  And believe me when I say, no one knows seafood better than the East Coast.  If you want real seafood in Vegas, this is the place to come.  I love my blue crabs.Best seafood in Las Vegas, handsdown.Southwest is just as delicious as the Eastside location!  Hands down best Crab Cakes I have ever had!  Don't forget to try their Crab Dip! The softness of the baguette makes a huge difference.  Best place to get Fresh Crabs.  Overall best seafood in las vegas!I am a super fan for the Crab Corner Southwest!  I love the indoor / outdoor bar which comes with bartenders who are friendly, personable and know how to make great cocktails.  They have New Castle and Magic Hat on draft which are 2 of my favorite draft beers right now.  I like that they have a Shuffleboard table, Corn Hole and Beer Pong which makes hanging out with my friends all the more fun.  I met the owners (2 brothers) and they are super passionate about everything Maryland and always have a great game playing on the 9 TV's so you are not going to miss anything.  (yes I am a football fan)  They also make sure to get the Freshest Seafood possible (which I love) by having LIVE blue crab flown in daily!  I asked for the secret recipe for the crab dip but there was no way I was going to get it.  :O)Now about my favorite items on the menu.......  I am a huge foodie and love trying different food and immediately fell in love with multiple menu items.  I know blue crab is a little more work but once you get crab picking down the meat is sweet and delicious and worth the little mess that comes with it.  Below are my favorites so far............  LOVE!!BLUE CRABS W/ THE SPICE & DRAWN BUTTER

Did that explain what you were looking for? If you like Toro and Engawa, don't come to an AYCE place....Anyway, 5-stars for being one of the better "Ichiro Mashita" style sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. Don't leave a negative review because it wasn't Traditional Edomaezushi. AYCE themed restaurants and Traditional Edomae style are two completely different styles of cuisine. Yet, I always see countless self proclaimed sushi experts give a AYCE place a negative review because they thought they could get Toro, Halibut, Sea Eel, and Bonito. At a traditional Edomaezushi restaurant they will give you a hot towel when you come in because you are going to have to eat with your hands. You get no chopsticks, soy sauce, or wasabi. You also usually have to take your shoes off. Then you get a piece of unrefrigerated fish that was killed minutes earlier. AYCE themed restaurants were a result of Ichiro Mashita combining aspects of Edomaezushi with other types of Japanese cuisine such as Tempura, Teriyaki, Yakiniku.  It's a completely different variation of Sushi. The food here at KRAZY SUSHI is practically identical to all the other AYCE sushi places in Las Vegas. It's on the better side though.  Practically every AYCE sushi place in LV has an identical menu, and identically themed rolls. They always have rolls named after casinos and something called "orgasm sauce". I like the nigri here. You get about 70 percent fish and 30 percent rice. It's a perfect combination. They also have all the types of of fish you would expect to find at an AYCE sushi place. They got everything from Albacore, Unagi, Saba, Salmon-Sake, Sweet Shrimp, Majuro, Yellow Tail and more.  You know, I like AYCE sushi places better than Traditional. I always come to an AYCE place at the end of  a long difficult week of working out. I spend at least 3-4 hours a day working out and my body fat is usually only around 4-6%. Therefore, I feel very lethargic and tired  on some days. These AYCE sush places have a perfect balance of carbs and proteins to help replace my glycogen and repair my damaged muscles. If your an athlete, I recommend AYCE sushi.Came in with family on Friday night and had all you can eat and it was awesome. Our server Yun was awesome.Best sushi ever. Sit at the bar and I have never found a better place.

There is a parking structure in back.

Jumbo Prawns: ($26) farro pilaf, zucchini, mushrooms, tomato saffron beurre blanc

My husband had the Citrus, which was AMAZING!!!  There were blood orange sorbet, orange peel, lime flavor, almond crisps, and very thin frozen white chocolate with crispy texture. The combination is brilliant!I think I could come back just for a dessert and a cup of NA ; )My partner and I dined at the bar on 2/25/14 in the middle of a nice dinner rush. The bar was comfortable and the two bartenders were very attentive to our questions on the cocktails. We had the Boyd & Blair vodka cocktail with lime and sriracha...perfect blend of sweet and spicy. We also had the bluecoat gin with beets cocktail, again a perfect blend, earthy beet taste that complements the gin beautifully. For starters, we had the new hush puppies with sea island red peas and ham hock that were added to the menu that evening. They were so delicious, we ordered another before our mains! For our mains, we had the branzino fish and the hanger steak. The branzino, resembles the construction of a banh mi, the use of cilantro, pickled carrots, and jalepenos complemented the fish with the fresh baguette. The hanger steak, we've had a number of times, each time with different additions. I think the hanger with parsnips and trumpet mushrooms is my favorite pairing yet. We were very full, but being a dessert person, made room for the white chocolate citrus dessert. The semifreddo's texture and taste complemented with the in-house made sorbet and blood orange slices. Overall, extremely pleased by this experience. Also, the new changes like printed menus, bread service, decaf coffee were nice additions. Five stars.This is one of my favorite restaurants in pittsburgh! Try hanger steak with their one of the signature cocktails.Really special place-very fun and hip vibe.  Downstairs on the main level is no reservation family style seating-sort of like long picnic tables.  The benches are not comfy at all so if that is an issue best make a reservation and eat upstairs in the serene dining room.  A great option and my favorite way to go is to sit at the open expo bar which is open to the kitchen.  The tatted up staff could not be friendlier and watching them work is like watching art being created. The menu is adventurous so keep an open mind. Their steak is fantastic for those not up for an adventure and a treat for those looking for something special.  The seafood dishes are always terrific as are their foul and vegetarian options.  I have to strongly encourage you get the soup.  Any soup they have.  I am not even a soup lover but theirs is always something special. I also suggest you try one of their signature drinks.  They usually involve muddled botanicals and really make you feel like you are in some exotic locale as opposed to the not yet gentrified Larwrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh. There is real artistry happening here that I feel may be underappreciated in Pit.I was a little wary after reading all the bad reviews about the service here, but was very pleasantly surprised!  My server, Mike, was very attentive, courteous, and knowledgeable about the menu.  I found the food to be excellent with some very inspiring concepts:  adding segments of oranges and lemon to the avocado salad; keeping polenta warm and creamy in what looked like a whipped cream dispenser; serving  tapioca balls with the sorbet that looked like blueberries.  Since I was dining by myself, I really liked that I could sit at the kitchen bar and watch all the action.  And I didn't find the food to be that expensive, although maybe it is for Pittsburgh.  Will definitely come back the next time I am in town!I went here for my birthday with my S.O.

Every time I go to Yellowtail I get the best service and best view of the Bellagio fountains.

Nazari Calamari (which I had - see pics)

Dr. Wittenburg!Feeling good about this. (Please make it so I can wear wedges and heels again...Mostly wedges..) Dina HAmazing  I researched a lot of places and I'm so glad I found this one the staff is so nice and they took time to listen to put concerns they let us know the what why and the ifs so happyDr Lee Wittenberg is awesome.  He took the time to explain my foot problem (gout), with patience he went through the procedure and the cause and what can be done.  Very professional and his staff was excellent as well.  His office sells orthopedic shoes and inserts as well.This place is awesome, I had booked a appointment the day before and had a appointment for 11. Wrote up the paperwork and got me into my appointment then second I was done. They are all very friendly and very personable unlike most doctors.Based on the Yelp reviews to this place I sent a private message to a few people asking questions etc and after some research decided to come here. I've been suffering with deep painful ingrowns on both side of both my big toes. I'd been getting pedicures every 2 weeks at my favorite salon just so I could walk, wear socks, and be a normal person lol anyways long story short my nail specialist kept insisting I go to a podiatrist to get them permanently fixed. The staff was friendly, knowledgable, and made me feel comfortable. My Dr was Lee Wittenberg and he was amazing! He explained everything to me thoroughly, made me feel at ease as I was very nervous/anxious, and just all in all a great person. I had a follow up and he remembered me, spoke to me as if we were long time friends, and always made me laugh. Cam'ron his assistant was a blast too. I will literally refer anyone that needs to see a foot doctor/specialist to him! Thank you very much. It's been a little over two weeks and my toes are healing fast and I'll never have to deal with those issues again - not to mention will save me so much money in the long run. Thank you all!Dr Wittenberg has been completely awesome with my care. I developed a sudden (and rare) infection on my ankle and stumbled across his office from Google for care that required immediate attention. They were able to get me in the same day, where other providers were scheduled months out and urgent care asked me to see a specialist and pretty much kicked me out from there. I think if not for his care the foot infection may have become limb threatening.He and his staff are fun yet professional and also very knowledgable. I've never had to wait long to be seen as they are prompt with the schedule. I definitely recommend him!Ever since I've moved to Vegas, I've been coming to this Subway a lot, now more than ever since I started Insanity. Definitely a great choice of place to eat at anytime, especially if your on that healthy tip. This location has great service and is open until midnight 7 days a week.Best location in Vegas they are always friendly and fast. There tends to always be a line but that is for a good reason! Keep it up!Dr. Chau is fast, professional and kind. I have been going here for the past several years and have had nothing but excellent care. In fact I had a cleaning today and was in and out in 15 minutes.The front desk is kind and I have never had any sort of insurance or billing problems.If you are looking for a dentist give Dr. Chau a call.My sister and I have been patients of Dr. Chau for over 6 years.  She's very fast and good at what she does.  My sister had her wisdom teeth removed by Dr. Chau without pain.   I also referred my friend to Dr. Chau for a root canal and she said that Dr. Chau was very gentle.   She said it was the best root canal she ever had.    We never have to wait more than 10 min to be seen.  Dr. Chau made it affordable to get our dental work done.  We are grateful that we found Dr. Chau. I refer all my friends to her.Dr.  Trina Chau and her front office manager Linda  put the word amazing in Amazing Smiles. I have never had such fast and efficient work done before providing nothing but professionalism as well as that special  touch of knowing each and every one of their patients.  This office treats each client/patient like a family member not just a patient. I have been going here for about 6 years now and will never go anywhere else. this is my favorite dental office!I have had the worst experiences with dentists in the past, and it takes a lot for me to trust one. I have been a patient here at Amazing Smile Dentistry for years now, and Dr. Chau is the best! She truly cares about her patients and gives EXCELLENT care! I will never go anywhere else! Thank you Dr. Chau! I'm no longer afraid of or dread the dentist office! =)My son is very afraid of dentist and I head that Dr. Chau was good with children. I took my son to Dr. Chau's office. I didn't have to wait but only five minutes to fill out paperwork. I got my son right back and he needed a filling. My son was scared and was screaming and Dr. Chau calmed him down and did an amazing job, and now my son always wants to get his teeth done by Dr. Chau!I may be the biggest chicken ever when it comes to dentists-so when I realized I would be needing to get upper dentures I was extremely apprehensive about getting my teeth pulled and the aftermath.  I can now say that Dr Chau was exactly what her business is called AMAZING!!! I never experienced any pain associated with the extractions.  I had a few issues after the teeth were pulled and the Dr came in on a Saturday in the evening to meet me.  She went beyond what was expected and I will NEVER go anywhere else and recommend Dr Chau to anyone in need of her services.   I also want to lavish praise on her receptionist Heidi who contacted me many times after my visit to make sure I was ok.  I will always be indebted to her for her attention and genuine concern.  In closing if you need a dentist and don't go to Amazing Smile Dentistry then you are missing out on an amazing experience and two of the nicest people you will ever encounter not just in the dentist office but as individuals also.we finally found our dentist!! great doctor great staff..average price... great service... and they really fix the problem without making a new problem like the other dentist I went before... and now I can really say I am completely satisfied with the experience..Finally I found a dentist that I can trust.... The stuff talked to me like a normal person, they explained everything in plain English... They really worked with me to get my insurance to pay (my insurance fault) .... They had to rent the paperwork multiple times till finally my insurance paid....  The stuff where very friendly and understanding.... Thank you.Big Shout out to Trina and staff! Thank You for making my visit like family. I finally found my Dentist and Dr. who I can trust, thank you for making my appointment comfortable throughout!  I highly recommend this Awesome Dentist, Trina Chau!Thank you Dr Chao and the amazing staff here. Its nice finally having a dentist that I can trust.Maybe I am just to easy to please.

A Must Try!As a once famous rap artist said "Bao wow wow yippee yo yippee yay bao wow yippee yo yippee yay." Im in love with this place! Healthy food has never tasted so good! We tried their bao wow and little dumplings starters and the chocolate thunder shake and I only have good good good things to say! Will definitely come back and try the rest of the menu! And refer to family and friends that are vegetarians. Glad Vegas has places like this that are a little more health conscious. Keep it up, VegeNation!Absolutly delicious! I'm a vegetarian, and went with a mixed group of veg friendly, hardcore carnivore and the close minded and everyone was happy. Get the special cocktails, they know what they're doing! I. Had the African peanut stew. Only tip the raviolis lacked salt :(the MOST important thing to take from this review is that they give you a complimentary ice cream and brownie sundae for signing up for their news letter!atmosphere and service: i really love when a place plays great music, and this place did! the layout is simple, clean, and there is even outside seating. the entire experience was very calm and comfortable which i appreciated. almost every person working in the building approached my table to see how things were going. i could tell that everyone really cared about my experience.drinks: the "jamaican passion iced tea" was to die for! it was very...unique, but in the best way! i have never had an iced tea so different and so perfectly blended.appetizers: i do not like forbidden rice, but fell in love with the "save the tuna" roll. overall, an amazing dining experience.This place is great.   I am a new vegetarian and the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly.  The flavors were intense and delicious.   A must to try is the east west street tacos and the meatless sushi( made with papaya rather than fish)  The sushi was so good I would have sworn it was a tuna roll!This place serves delicious vegan food. There aren't many kid friendly items on the menu but that is the only downfall. We ordered the pho, sliders, quesadilla, and butternut squash ravioli. All were great. Also had the carrot cake and the blueberry cheesecake for dessert. Will def be back!Oh my goodness this place is so good! I recently moved here and yelped this place while on a lunch break one day. The JACKFRUIT TACOS is what I ordered and I instantly fell in love! I came back with my wife a couple times and have been trying as many things on the menu as we can. So far the appetizers are great ( sushi, dumplings, & tamale), the pasta is great! My wife loved the mushroom sliders. Pizza is okay (I don't really care for daiya cheese and prefer veggies with no sauce) but it was a good sized pizza. And desserts were small but delicious. Oh and the servers have all been wonderful as well. They are always happy and helpful in helping pick something. I will probably eat here weekly.What a great place. I love the art and decor in this place. Very cute. There were so many great meal choices, I wasn't sure what to order. I narrowed it down to three options, and two(!) of the waiters were kind enough to help me choose. A lot of places don't even have one person who will help you choose. I had the Russian Standard, and it was fantastic! The only thing that would have made it a better meal is a slice of vegan bread to soak up the runny sauce, but it was still AMAZING. Very flavorful, huge portion sizes and fair prices. Worth a visit.I love this place!!! If you're looking for a Vegan restaurant in Vegas that'll blow your top off. Look no further than this spot. We had the Mexican Hummus, DROOL!!! It was amazing. Then I had the Ellen Degeneres. It's was good. Probably won't order it again. My man had the Daniel Negraneau, which he said he LOVED his meaty balls. Also for a delicious drink. The Jamaican Hibiscus punch! It's like the nectar of the gods. Bonus, the people are extremely nice.Did some Yelp research before our trip to Las Vegas and this place looked amazing.  Well it didn't disappoint that is for sure.  Food was well presented and the taste was out of this world too.  Most people think vegan food is bland and boring, not here for sure!  When we come back to Vegas we will visit it again.Obsessed! I love this restaurant! Everything I've tried thus far has been delicious. I highly recommend the Mama Mia and the Mexican Hummus (or should I say Yummus) mmm! If you're downtown in Las Vegas, you definitely need to eat here, you won't regret it! You don't have to be Vegan, it's just really good food. :)My new fav spot I love this place everything we had was amazing! I came with my bestie who isn't vegan and we both LOVED it! Our server Erin was awesome will for sure be coming back :)They are ALL!! Super friendly! The food was good!! Definitely need to come back!! I love love love the vibe!!! Save the tuna, and muchas gracias are a must!!!It's so evident that these people not only see a problem in our food system, but care deeply enough to DO something different about it. 

Some of their best rolls are, Mido roll- inside is tempura shrimp, avocado, and cucumber and is topped with spicy tuna tempura flakes and ponzu sauce. 

I've been to Japan about 15 times in my life so please dont question my judgement on sushi. This place is no Asanebo but for AYCE it gets no better. While in Vegas go to Brians Beach.We visited Brian's Beach for dinner based on my sister in-law's recommendations, and to surmise our experience, we weren't a bit disappointed. We opted for the AYCE sushi (almost everything is included in the AYCE menu except for the premium sushi items  such as uni and the appetizers being limited to 1 order per diner), which is a value in itself. There's a wide variety of rolls and nigiri sushi to choose from, all which having generous portions of fish with just the right amount of rice, and the chefs create your selections on the fly -- it can't get any fresher than that. The service is excellent as well, I made the 'first-timer' mistake of ordering well beyond what my appetite can accommodate at that time and instead of charging us the uneaten portions, the owner (Chef Brian) allowed us to take it home and 'forgive' us since we were first timers. I can't recommend Brian's Beach enough, good food, good service at a fair price. The uni cut roll, sweet shrimp, sashimi roll, dynamite, spicy yellow tail cut roll and ahi poke tower are one of the best we've tasted and we can't wait to try out other recommended items such as the seared tuna carpaccio and dynamite! Oh, and don't forget to save some room for desserts such as the mochi ice cream and the homemade tofu cheesecake!I dislike buffets and all you can eat places because the quality seems to just fall flat. Then i go to a place like this and it makes me think that maybe you don't have to sacrifice quality for all you can eat. Then you have all you can eat sushi and normally you would sacrifice variety. 

- 36 oz Car Mug: $15, refill $11

They have had a win with me from the very first time and easily won my husband over. 

OH, BTW, the pictures of the crab legs are making me hungry right now. I never order crab legs at a restaurant, but when I'm in Vegas, I get my fill of shell fish for the entire year. They are the largest I have seen at a buffet.

Its great for runners or if u just want to go for a walk. There is always people here playing , kids having a good time.

Tootsie roll

We definitely would recommend this store.Amazing prices and deals! Russ, I think his name was, was a great help. He made sure we walked out of there with a mattress and he wasn't pushy. Amazing place to go if your looking for a great deal on mattresses!Was looking for a nice, yet reasonably priced box spring... Russ was very helpful and gave us a great deal!looking for desserts with the wife.... stumbled upon this place and met russ... voila we got the best deal for a new bed set! merry xmas to us!!Purchased a king sized mattress for what we felt was a great price. Steve was very knowledgable and helpful. No pressure sales.They do a great job.. some of the folks do better than others but I have been going there for almost 2 years and I wont go anywhere else. best set of nails I have ever had.  I get my eyebrows, pedi and acrylics done. Not usually a wait and they are all nice.I was recently here to get my nails done. I read the reviews on here and was afraid to have chipped nails. Are you kidding me? They lasted three weeks! Sometimes I don't trust the reviews until I go there myself. So far, this place is the best ever! Love the people there.What to expect when you go to Hot Nails... fun and inviting atmosphere. Leaving with beautiful nails. If you are adventurist, they make your nails HOT! lol Prices are comparable to other shops in the area so what separates them are the people!I had searched for another salon before I moved to the area. They had great reviews. I drove all the way to the southwest side of town to go there. I thought it was great. After three days, my thumb nail chipped and fell off!!! This had never happened. They repaired it and a few days later the whole nail cracked. Wow. I decided to try this location per yelp reviews. Hannah worked on my nails. I like pink and whites. I am particular with the shape of my nails, and always have to settle for what the stylist assumes is what I want. Hannah was amazing. She made sure to ask questions every step of the way, and I got exactly what I was looking for. I have never experienced such a great experience while getting my nails done. They are absolutely beautiful. The shop itself is bright and cheery. It is super clean, and I love the fact that all of the ladies have their own nails nicely polished. I love this salon.Since I've started waxing my eyebrows 10 years ago, it's safe to say that I've had many different people waxing me.  I've experienced great jobs and jobs that have made me look like a drag queen.  It's safe to say that once I found a great person, I tend to continue going back, no matter how far.  Prior to coming to Hot Nails, I've been going to a small joint on Flamingo and Maryland.  The ladies there take their time and really make me look good!  I was leary to come to Hot Nails only because of the change, however decided to check this place out because of a really good friend's recommendation. Like any other nail shop, when you arrive, you're greeted by the smell of polish and acetone.  At Hot Nails, they offer a lot of services like most Nail shops.  I typically visit these places soley for the waxing option for $15.  I came in Saturday to clean my eyebrows as I just shaved my entire head as well.  It's all about the manscaping!  Kim was the name of my waxer.  It's funny because the girl that did my eyebrows at the last place was name Kim.  All I gotta say is that she "nailed" it!  LOL.  My eyebrows look so good and I honestly think she did a better job than the other place I've been going to for years.  Here's the best part.  Hot Nails is literally a block away from my apartment!  I never have to drive 20 minutes again to do my eyebrows!  If you're in the old Henderson, Boulder/Lake Mead area and need to do your eyebrows, go see Kim!  She'll exceed your expectations.Love this place! I moved to Henderson about a year ago and struggled to find a great nail salon! When I found this place I was sooo happy! They do a great job and have a big staff to accommodate you - the prices are a little more then some places nearby but well worth it and you know you are going to happy with the results!Ive been going to Hot Nails since I moved here, they are fantastic! I moved here from California a couple years ago, and they are the only place who can properly do flare nails (duck feet). The atmosphere is really inviting,  I usually call last minute for an appointment, but they somehow always fit me in! I normally see Hannah, she is so sweet and really takes her time with my nails. She was off work when I called so I saw Hang and she did a great job on my flares! The salon has a huge selection of glitter acrylics, and I am so pleased every time I leave. My acrylics do not lift & for the work they do it is very reasonably priced, I recommend this place to all of my friends!Got my brows and lip done and was in and out in a jiff! I called before I went to make sure they weren't busy and was serviced right away. And the wax itself took less than 10 minutes and looked great! My brows were sisters, not cousins :) . Which is always amazing !! It was $17 total, wish it was a tad cheaper. Nonetheless the serice was terrific. I'll try getting my nails done next time!I had a great experience at hot nails!! Ask for Tina... she is certainly one the best nail techs around.Amazing job by Nathan (see pictures). Always come here with my mom when I visit her. She is a regular with Hannah and absolutely loves her! Very friendly and they always take their time and do a thorough job! Highly recommend.I come here to get my full sets of pink and white nails by Darren. His the best. Tried so many nail salons before with no luck:-(

If you ask nice and aren't retarded they also let you have some fun if the range is empty. Also, they have eyes and ears so you don't have to bring or buy some (a nice touch!)!

The chilaquiles are the bomb and the tacos with barbacoa even better for lunch . The Asada is great also ... To me there is no place better in phoenix !!!!The best Tamales in Town ! You have to pre-order by calling but they are sooo worth it . (602)268-1032They added so many new stuff on there menu !!! I'm addicted to this place !!! The food it just the best ...This place is the BEST place for a street taco fix from carntias, tongue, carne asada, pollo etc... My kids love the salsa bar they can't get enough salsa.THE BEST pastor tacos anywhere!!!! Sliced, crispy, marinated meat between two soft corn tortillas. YummTake Care Clinic - Betty Hahn APN- Best Clinic ever! They take Insurance!!!

      Rear Struts-Weak(Not Leaking) on both sides

Third, if you don't get in with the pass it's probably because you got a fake one, you are dressed terrible, or you are gross.

A part of the Smeeks empire, this place had fun stuff also, and another great place to buy fun things for the special people in your life.Tip! 

In-room dining was delicious and the service during was great; we ordered dinner, dessert and breakfast.

Thanks Doug!!I called DMS for a leak with my back flow valve. Gabriella was super professional and friendly. She set up a free consultation, and Doug came within an hour. He exuded the same kindnes and professionalism. He diagnosed the problem quickly and fixed it just as fast. Doug talked me through and helped me understand what was happening. I would totally recommend him for any plumbing needs.this is the best plumbing company that I have used so far in Las Vegas prices are extremely fair very honest and they know what they're doing with all the plumbing companies that you could choose give them a try you will not to be disappointedOnce again I managed to stop up my sink (you think I would've learned from last time), but Jose from DMS Plumbing saved the day again! I will defiantly use their company for many more plumbing issues, hopefully not another sink stop up!I am so impressed with Doug our plumbing tech. He was very honest and efficient. I would recommend DMS Plumbing to anyone who is in need of plumbing services. Thank you so much for a job well done!Great service and great people.  Christine scheduled my appointment and even moved it up closer to accommodate.  She was very helpful over the phone.  The tech that showed up to fixed my clogged dishwasher was Jose Arias.  He was extremely professional and offered a lot of advice is preventative plumbing.  I don't know the other techs, but i would recommend DMS plumbing and Jose Arias.I've been working with Doug for years and his company is the best in Vegas!! The thing that sets him above the rest is his work!! If u need a guy that can do it all with a smile on his face he's your guy and he even works Sunday's!! Thanks Dms for everything!!This is a great company. They had amazing customer service. The technician that came out was very good. He took the time to explain what needs to be done and was able to do it. They gave me a far price for my shower valve. They were amazing and I will definitely be using them again.Diego did an amazing job on our toilet replacement! He was very fast and did clean work. Definitely would recommend this company and use them in the future!Very fast, friendly and effective! Great customer service. Doug installed our new water heater within an hour, and also stayed after to make sure the water heater was working properly. Dms is a great plumbing service !The main line to our house busted because of an errant tree root. Talk about an emergency. DMS Plumbing looked like a good company based on reviews, but I didn't realize how good this company is. More importantly, I didn't realize how great Doug is.Doug responded fast. Lightning fast. And he arrived shortly after we spoke. Doug gave us a detailed breakdown of costs. There are no guesses here. You know what's what. No worrying.Doug is one-of-a-kind. He is a fast, thorough, and careful worker. And he keeps a tidy workspace. I cannot properly express through text just how amazing he is at what he does.I will recommend DMS Plumbing and Doug to everyone I know. Family, friends, and coworkers. So long as I live in this city, DMS and Doug will be my family's plumber. Thank you so much.--ClaytonProfessional clean and fair. Had them to my house for many different issues and was taken care of immediatly. Fast service, professional plumbers. Iwill use them everytime i have any issuesI was nervous after reading the reviews for I travel a lot all over and I've stayed at some dumps and to be honest this wasn't the Ritz or Embassy Suites but to be honest it wasn't Travelodge or any other inexpensive dumps. The bed was decent and comfortable, I seen a water stain of some sort on the curtain whoppie..... big deal. The AC worked, The Shower worked, I did not turn on the TV for I came to Vegas to go outside not watch TV. It was clean it was quiet and basic no frills but Clean and Comfortable and the price was unbeatable!! The downfall to this hotel was the towels were rough and thin but I dried myself and I was clean! If your looking for comfort and price and not someone who cries for just anything then this is a bargain of a lifetime! I love the golden nugget but $200 vs $47 on hotels.com and for one night that I'm not going to be in my room other than to sleep then I HIGHLY recommend this place! Keep in mind it's not a dump and it's not the ritz so I plan on staying here again next time for sure I was happy with my stay so I give them 5 Stars!! Bring your own towel if your picky but a Bed and a Shower and Comfort it's all here!!It may not have the flash of the strip, but as far as a place to stay and feel like a person instead of a $, the Fortune is the only place for me....the management and staff went above and beyond to help me and my daughter out in an emergency and made a potential disaster into a manageable situation. My gratitude, thanks and patronage To these wonderful peopleHad a great experience here last month. My friend and I went for a girls weekend and stayed here. They had a free shuttle to and from the airport and to the strip. A taxi ride back from the strip was $6-7. The breakfast was pretty good for the price we paid. Hard boiled eggs, waffles, toast, juices, muffins, etc. We checked out on Sunday and our flight didn't leave til 9pm. They stored our stuff while we explored the strip all day and still gave us a ride to the airport later that night. The beds were pretty comfortable and definitely sufficient for a weekend trip. I'd definitely stay here again!"We are moving from Missouri to Nevada, and needed a place to stay while we found house here.  Finding somewhere to stay with a Great Dane and a Weimaraner proved to be difficult. After finding Fortune on this app we stopped by. We were pleasantly surprised to find a welcoming front desk. They let us look at the pet room before we booked.  The room was fine.  There is plenty of grass to exercise your pets, and there are sidewalks for long walks.  Better than that is the staff who are friendly and welcoming.  Great experience!"We booked this hotel for 2 days for a family getaway. It was such a wonderful  stay we had to review it!I have to admit that I was a little skeptical about staying here after reading some of the reviews but I thought for the price and the photos that other reviewers had posted I had to check it out for myself. I am so glad I did! I got to the hotel a little early and got a tour from one of the very friendly employees.  I was shocked at how nice it was and how nice everyone who works here is.The rooms are very spacious with extra plush beds complete with a down comforter and pillows. So very comfortable to sleep on. We had very relaxing nights and woke up refreshed.  The bathrooms are spotless and well kept. I have an infant daughter and I was okay with her walking around in there. The rooms have refrigerators, irons, hair dryers and beautiful views. We actually stayed in two separate rooms during our stay. We were able to enjoy the jacuzzi suite and it was WONDERFUL! It has a microwave, two TV and a separate bar area, desk are and living room. In my opinion,  for the price of this suite, you would be silly not to give it a try. It is such a steal! The continental breakfast was pleasant to wake up to. There was the usual juice, waffles, hard boiled eggs, toast and pancakes as well as a few other items.The lobby was very nice and clean. I enjoyed waiting to do business in it. There is a pool table and prize grabber type game available. My favorite thing was the pool and spa. The pool is so clean and large. It worked wonderfully for my daughter since there are lots of steps and ledges she could walk along or play on.  It has an absolutely gorgeous fountain flowing out of the center of it. The jacuzzi is lovely too. They stock towels out by the pool so no need to bring your own. There are lots of tables to relax at or loungers to kick back in.The staff was wonderful and very attentive to our needs. They made sure we were satisfied with our stay and we definitely were. Mark and Thomas are the managers and are in the business of customer satisfaction. I truly appreciate them and all they do for their customers. Artie is security and shuttle service and he is on his job. We had no safety concerns at all.This place is worth the benefit of the doubt. Trust me, you won't find a better deal out there. Please, Take a chance on it and truly enjoy your time in Vegas.Well I Dnt understand how people rant on here about this place for one. Continental. Breakfast they Dnt have to give u anything and for the price close to the strip why u complaining.  Book ur next room. Pay $$$ out. For the price is what u get.  Staff was very friendly. Except one person front desk ((grace))  she is very in professional. Smoking a vape a front desk. Very classy I guess.  She has a mouth on herWell I Dnt understand how people rant on here about this place for one. Continental. Breakfast they Dnt have to give u anything and for the price close to the strip why u complaining.  Book ur next room. Pay $$$ out. For the price is what u get.  Staff was very friendly. Except one person front desk ((grace))  she is very in professional. Smoking a vape a front desk. Very classy I guess.  She has a mouth on herThis was an amazing stay from 6-23-26  the check in was amazing experience the guy helping us was amazing n understanding! We finally got our room when my sister came down n said we should of got a room next to her n once again the amazing worker change our room with no complains or questions n always with a smile! He put us right next door from my sister! Room was just great I loved it super clean n big view sucked but hey lol we all enjoy the pool to the max they have a gym but I didn't get to use it breakfast was ok simple but ok 

But how "street" are they? 

If you like history, this is a must-see!Our guide Mark taught us more about Vegas than I could have ever hoped for. As a local, he had unique insights that added humour and charm to our experience. Walking through the graveyard of old casino signs, you really get a better understanding of the city's history and how it came to be. It's an exciting story full of sex, murder, mobs and lights that will give you an appreciation that you never had before. Seeing the old signs and how large they actually are, learning about the unprecedented money that went into building the casinos, and discovering how Binion's changed Vegas forever was enlightening. It was an amazing place to take photos (I think I took over 100). An instagrammer's paradise, if you will. You definitely have to see this place! All money goes back into restoring the signs, of which they've revived a few. Very cool experience.This is a great unique museam that pays respect to an art and cultural icon that so helped define Las Vegas. You need to make reservations for the group tour which lasts about an hour but we'll worth it if you want something different from the typical Vegas experience. I went during a day tour and would be interested in coming back at night to see all the signs lit up (note those night tours are slightly more expensive). Our tour guide was great and very informative about the history of the city, neon signage itself and other general cultural highlights. Great discovery and worth exploring.Now I'm not adverse to going to museums, but this is the kinda museum that I get. Mafia, gambling, scandals, sex what's not to like about that kind of museum?! Okay, sex may not have been a part of the tour it just sounded right. This museum isn't a buy an entry and wander around museum. It's an hour long guided tour and you may have to wait for the next group so I would advise buying tickets in advance if you can. Our tour guide was very personable and they obviously train them well on Vegas history. The museum has a great collection of hotel, casino and commercial neon signs (art). My girlfriend and I went during the day which was great to see all the signs in great detail, but we will have to come back at night to see the limited signs that still work. If you're looking for a little time away from the tables or slot machines check out the Neon Museum and maybe learn a little about Las Vegas.I totally and utterly love this place! It enchanted me even before I went to Vegas. As I researched all LV best attractions, I came across Neon Museum and I knew it's a place I really want to see. The museum is located a few minutes from Downtown Vegas, on Las Vegas Boulevard. So, if you're staying on the Strip, it's approximately 15-minutes taxi ride. However, I probably should have booked the tickets earlier as there are only 16 places on every tour and it was hard to find two vacant places over the course of the week. All the night tours were sold out, so we could only get a day time one, but if I ever go to Vegas again I will definitely try a night time visit. It must be an amazing experience. During the season, the sun is very strong, even in the morning, so it's better to come prepared. Bring the cap and a big bottle of water. At the museum, you can also borrow the umbrella. The visit itself was amazing! One of the reviewers called this place a neon graveyard and I totally agree with that assessment. It's the place full of beautiful stories of the great Vegas buildings. And the guide definitely knows how to tell them. The tour was very interesting and educational. Looking at the signs and hearing all that crazy stories about city most famous establishments... it felt like going back in time. On the way out, be sure to visit the gift shop. I bought some cool magnets with the first letters of my and my fiance names taken from the pictures of the signs. They also had great posters, shirts and books. There was even a book about neon museums all over the world and the Warsaw Neon Museum was in it! Definitely, a must-visit place!I love, love, love this place, but this is the sort of thing that inerests the crap out of me.  Making our reservation online was easy-peasy.  They did offer military discount.

Long wait usually 45- 1 hour+My favorite dishes were the prime rib and the hot, juicy muscles, and i loved the snow crab. If your like me that can eat a lot of gourmet food the Bellagio is the best bang for your buck.I love coming for the Grand Buffet at the Bellagio.  It's expensive but worth it.  You get to try things you normally wouldn't get to try.  Get there early the lines can get long.

I did a sake bomb and the made a 7up with syrup for my son(non alcoholic). My 3year old cried during the fire parts. But had a great time. The food taste soooo goood. We will make sure we come again and again.My favorite sushi & Japanese steakhouse in Las Vegas! The prices are great, the food is always fresh and the service is amazing. we love getting the sushi platters to split because they are huge and very affordable ( enough to feed 4!) Celebrated my birthday dinner there last night and I can't complain about a thing. They even brought out a delicious green tea cake with a candle on it and sang happy birthday.My favorite place ever! Its affordable for a hibachi. Everyone who works there gives a positive attitude. My glass never comes close to being empty before they refill it.  The chefs are awesome! They are so interactive and hilarious! Its such a classy place! No matter if its a date night, with the kids, or your whole family everyone will have a great time.So surprising how amazing the food is here. This is the first time I have given 5 stars, and Ohjah truly deserves it. An unassuming location and building opens up to a truly wonderful experience.  Sushi rolls are delicious and well balanced mix of flavor, texture and rice, entrees flavorful and melt in your mouth delicious.This place is amazing! When you drive up an park you do not expect hat you walk into, it very elegant and the people are very friendly.We sat down and they took our drink order right away and brought us onion soup right away. We looked at the menu and couldn't believe the prices they were extremely reasonable. When we were done they immediately took our dinner order. We received our salad after our dinner order was taken and the dressing was amazing. Our chef came to the table and put on a great show while he cooked, he was very friendly and entertaining, he even interacted with the customers at the table, which was fun. The food was cook to perfection, the filet was so tender in melted in your mouth. This is definitely one place I will visit time and time again, with family and friends for any occasion.Our go to spot! Prices increased a bit but still reasonable. Our favorites are the 3 roll special and the yakisoba dishes. Everything is delicious. Great service and nice atmosphere.I took my friends to celebrate friendship and read a previous review about Ohjah. It sounded like a great place to try and it was well worth the adventure. Our server, Ren, was delightful and well versed with the menu. We ordered the "boat" with the rainbow, French kiss, and Show me the love rolls. Everything was delicious, fresh, and the sashimi slices generous. I'll return.This was our first time here. Absolutely fantastic. Great food, attentive staff. The sukiyaki was very good. The sushi/sashimi was very fresh. 

I will definitely get this again when I'm in need of the perfect cake or cakelettes!Tasty and simply awesome! I think it's far superior than the cupcake and it's trendy frenzy.Absolutely scrummmmmmm delicious..... So good so yummy.  Dependable every time guaranteed... Inhaled my slice in zero to 30 seconds.Great gift to bring to a dinner!  SO YUMMY!Love this place! I called the morning with a very short notice order and they said No Problem! They had my buntinis ready in 15 minutes. So nice to get this kind of customer service and of course they are delish! Thank you so much for being awesome!I must say this is such a delicious dessert.  The bread is soft, rich and so fresh the cream tops it . It's what I call a mouth party . Evened most try.My favorite cakes ever!!! I create reasons to celebrate with one of these amazing tasty cakesHad these at a party the other day..  It is utterly disgusting how DELICIOUS these are!  I don't know how they keep them so moist and I don't care.  I received a variety pack and had one of each flavor.  The berry filled and lemon are a toss up for me but all 4 (other 2 were red velvet and chocolate) were amazing.  My diet is restricted to mostly organic due to GMOs not agreeing with me but these little buggers are well worth the cheat!Okay so I don't like cupcakes. However I work in a grooming salon and a regular that comes in all the time treated us with two dozen of nothing bundt cake cupcakes. I had one and then I had to have three more. They are HANDS DOWN the BEST cupcakes I've ever had. And usually I hate big globs of frosting but I couldn't get enough of the cream cheese frosting. It was so amazing I'm definitely going back there for anytime I need to buy some cupcakes.Beyond delicious! I highly recommend the mini's!  Had a small party and served a bunch of mini's along with a tiered cake (among other desserts.)  No one wanted to eat the tiered cake because it looked so amazing they didn't want to cut it!  It was so beautiful, looked more like a center piece.  The mini's flew off the dessert table.  I should have taken the tiered cake apart and sliced it - but it really was almost to pretty to eat.  2di4!The best cakes around, holy moly. I've had these before, but stopped in over the weekend to get my mom a couple of bundt cakes and dang I was quite impressed!

Service was impeccable. To address another reviewer's comments, I ordered the least expensive steak on the menu and we didn't get a lot of extras. While it was expensive I'm sure our bill does not rank as one of the higher ones. But the servers were nothing but kind and attentive. In fact they were quite friendly and chatted with us. 

He was able to give me back a part of myself I was feeling slip away.

* Bring a camelpak.

Thank-you Michael & Ricky for bringing us the kind of lounge we deserve!I would like to say, each and everytime I have been at Michael's Cafe, I was treated with respect, and the food is wonderful, the atmosphere is great along with the music, live and DJ, this is a grown folks place. need more like this in the PHX, and surrounding cities.......I enjoy Michael's each time I go.   1st year Anniversary, TOP NOTCH (Sep 1, 2012) celebration.  The food is tasty, very reasonably priced, management and the staff, great.  Try the Tamara Wings (not on menu), battered, mine are KRISPY, yummy.  Wonderful atmosphere to share in, open minds, always striving for innovative ideas and features.  Live bands, DJ's, drink specials daily and continue being a credit to our community, much success.  PeaceI have been there a few times and I absolutely love it. The food is great, the staff is wonderful, the music is always good and the atmosphere is pleasant.Michael knows how to do Ladies Night :).Thank you Michael's Cafe for great customer service, great food, great specials, great staff , entertainment, DJ's and management.  Your community efforts are above reproach and your willingness to listen, consider and make decisions accordingly.  

Hella goodAnother day, another burrito. Ordered the chile relleno burrito and added veggies to it and it was surprisingly good. The poblano was deep fried and I slathered it in the salsa verde / smokier salsa rojo from the salsa bar. Food came out lightening quick and location was very convenient to the venue next door.Had the carne asada burrito and it was huge and delicious. Extra tasty with the red and green hot sauce. And it's open 24 hours!Way better than the location on Glendale. A bertos with a low carb menu? It's like a dream that only I would have. Not super greasy, but still hits that special 2am spot that can only be satisfied by Mexican food.I was amazed!

On one hand, you want to keep it a secret because you worry about not being able to get a seat at your favourite table. On the other hand, you want to shout from the rooftops that "EAT HERE!!! IT IS AMAZING!!", because no one should ever have a bad meal.So having remained tight lipped on this place for a few years, I think it's time to share. 

It was our Wedding Anniversary & Thank you for making our Day special.We just experienced a small issue with our food- but Justice - the manager on duty- went above and beyond to make it right with us! We enjoyed a lovely time outside with excellent service from Kristen! We love the atmosphere at Postinos and it's a perfect spot after attending a show next door ...Highly recommendThe food, service and beer selction was outstanding.  We were there on a Friday night and had to wait 30 minutes for a table but that was to be expected.  The water glass was filled before we hit the half way mark, our waitress was outstanding, the bruscetta was stellar and the manager even came over to sit with us for a bit.  I would not only recommend this place to friends, I would take my date there every time.Love everything I've tried there. Servers are always friendly. The atmosphere is great there day and night. Only downfall, i wish there was more room to stand by the bar. With servers and people going to the bathroom, that area gets packed.Absolutely amazing!! Happy hour is until 5 everyday, with five dollar glasses of wine. The bruschetta is a must have, my fave was the warm artichoke. Atmosphere was exceptional, very open floor plan and modern decor.Love this place! It's the perfect place to grab a glass of wine (or 2!) and share their delicious bruschetta plates with your girlfriends. They have an afternoon happy hour (who doesn't like that?!) and even though I have only tried their bruschettas, all of the different options are so good it's hard to choose! The staff is always very friendly and service is speedy, even when they are super busy. This place would also be a cute date night spot : )This is defiantly a frequented spot for my friends and I, we have never had a bad experience here. We come a lot for the bottle and board special they have on Mondays and Tuesdays and there's usually a wait, but well worth it. I took my grandmother out for her birthday a few nights ago and it was her first time there, she absolutely loved it. Our server Nathan was just lovely, efficient and friendly and not just a robot taking an order. Kudos to you Postinos, keep up the great service!I love this place, their wine is delicious and the fact that while you wait for your party you can get a glass is even better.  Other best thing are their boards and their brochette!  Love the fig and prociutto but honestly haven't had any bad ones yet.Here's the thing you need to know - if you come for sandwiches and salad, they're good and you'll enjoy them but this is not what you come to Postiono's for. You come here for amazing bruschetta platters, awesome wine and mimosas for $5 (or a pitcher of beer but I'm not a beer girl) before 5pm during the week. You come for cheese boards and butcher blocks. You come with a friend and enjoy great service outside in the sun. It's not a meal, but a place to gather with your friends and enjoy an afternoon together. This. This is why we love Postino'sWe headed over to Postino East after a long meeting in Gilbert. We had the bruschetta - four different toppings and the butcher's block. Service was great, food was fabulous and the manager could not have been nicer.

We laughed the whole time. We originally met him at a fundraiser for Action Red and liked him just as an MC. We are so glad we caught his show over Thanksgiving  with out of town guests- great fun and value. I really recommend it for an all over great experience!You'll laugh and you'll be in awe. Jeff has more energy than any performer I've ever seen and holds the audience from start to finish with great improvisations throughout. Also the best juggler I've ever seen. Highly recommended.So my husband and I were escaping from the cold and pollution in SLC by spending some days in Vegas during the quiet time. We had some time to kill in the middle of the day, and wanted to see a show. I remembered the posters for this (and I will say to you Jeff, they need to get you a better graphic artist! Imagine the WONDER if you had a logo that didn't look like it was created in MS Word in 1997!) and saw a Yelp review and a bunch of five star reviews. Comedy? Juggling? $25? I'll take it.This is the kind of show I love in Vegas: a great deal for a great up and coming talent. Ya'll know this Vegas stuff can get expensive. I mean, how much do they want me to pay for Cirque du Soleil tickets again? And that crap's right in the middle of my evening, too. Gets into my eating time. Jeff was a riot, you guys. It was obvious that the show had a few major tricks and he was just making up the banter as he went along, which was AMAZING. He plays off the audience very well and has a quick wit and great timing. I was experiencing some severe laughing out loud without having had very much to drink, and that doesn't happen when I'm watching just anything. And the tricks were good too. There's not a big budget, but you don't need that. Highlights for me: the various balancing tricks at the beginning and the glow-in-the-dark juggling segment. Pro-tip: the box office on the first floor when you walk into The Quad? If you try to buy tickets for the show there, they will tell you that you, in fact, need to go to the upstairs box office to do so. Why can't they sell them at both box offices? I have no idea, but don't make the same mistake we made.My wife and I took our 6 kids to Vegas over the holidays and we had the opportunity to see Jeff's show. It was awesome! The juggling was amazing, but that wasn't the best part. Jeff Civillico is truly funny and not only did the kids think he was hilarious and funny, but my wife and I loved it too. We went with a whole group of friends and it was one of the highlights of our trip. Thanks Jeff for a great show!Jeff, you are AWESOME.  If you are reading this, can you message me about how I can hire you to perform at a birthday party for a 6 year old???  We stumbled upon Jeff's show after the our gondola rower at Venetian recommended it.  We have 2 small kids, and my 5-year-old was giggling the ENTIRE TIME.  Jeff is a serious juggler - like, he can juggle bowling balls with a kitchen cleaver, AND a marshmallow, but he is also like the best stand-up comedian in the world.  Such charisma!!!  Jeff, if you don't already have an agent, again, contact me, and I will hook you up.He has super talent - and mass appeal - from 2 year olds, to 80 year old women - we all just LOVE and adore him.  The show is pretty small-scale, but the guy has talent.  Plus, he has the best assistant in the world - Laura, thanks for putting us in VIP row seats - it was dead center.  Keep it up, Jeff.  You are definitely going places in this world.  Go buy some shades for your future.Your show rocks.Love this show. Positive up beat.  This show was better then expected.  He took time to encourage the audience . Especially the young ones. Go see this show it's worth it.

- Lobster Risotto (with fresh mushrooms and large pieces of lobster)Everything was delicious! My mouth is watering just thinking of this meal! My favorite parts were the incredibly fresh mozzarella and everything about the risotto. If you're in Vegas, give this restaurant a shot even if you're not staying at the Wynn. I highly recommend it.I am a 5 star grinch.   A 5 star miser.  Sinatra's is a DOUBLE five star place.   WOW!!!!!   I found out my buddy was in Vegas while we were.  He knows ALL the best places to go.  I texted him for his 2 best recommendations.   This was one and I was impressed.

apps fried calamari and their antipasto salad are excellent.  In addition to tasting excellent, their portions are HUGE, so plan to share!  

Then we ordered almost all kinds of tacos. I would not be able to tell their actual names, but we had a good variety of ingredients: guacamole, chicken, pork, beans... All these different flavours at one time can be too much, but this time, it was more about having a rainbow in your mouth: so nice. Do you know this feeling when your brain automatically tries to catch some tastes it knows? Well here, I was doing it, but new flavours were suddenly coming out, mixed with the ones I already knew. That made this experience really enjoyable.

Friday night fish fry 

My friends and I will definitely visit again.Great place to get a drink and have some food. Tried the smothered fries which is vension and elk chili over fries. For dinner I had the wild game BLT which is boar bacon, duck bacon with avocado, lettuce, tomato. Definitely our new favorite place and its only around the cornerGreat food and service. 

We had:-Pork Belly (my fave)

My hubby had the Cobb salad (hold the egg) and a regular black iced tea (they have fruity black teas also).I had the Strawberry & Roasted Sweet potato salad with goat cheese and a champagne vinaigrette. Oh! And one of the BEST cups of lemonade I've ever had (and I've had A LOT!). 

***** golden mushroom with spicy fried tofu. Leaves you gasping for air as your tongue goes into overload with umami. 

2. Second is safety, safety, safety. 

In the performance - the performer playing Col. Tom Parker says "Elvis would have loved this" - yes he would have.......If you like the Beatles Love at the Mirage you will really like this show.

Branzino with creamed spinach. The skin is wonderfully crisp and the sauce was a bit citrusy. 5/5Butterscotch:

We had a party catered and we wanted Italian,  we asked Mike if he knows someone who is as passionate about Italian as he is about bbq. He said "Me". 

Portion for the most part will fill a couple of diners in their "free what you fancy eating" day. 

Great service, and great pizza and salads. 

If I'm ever feeling in the mood for asian food, this place delivers fast, reliable service, and the food is excellent to match, every time! Give it a try!Wow! Everything was so delicious! Although you can find the same dishes in other Chinese restaurants, you can taste the difference here. We got there and we saw Asian families also getting to the parking lot. From there you can tell i will be good. The hot and sour soup is probably one of the best I've ever had in my life. I want to go back and try the sushi rolls.So good!!!!!! If you are looking for real authentic Chinese and Japanese food by Chinese and Japanese staff look no further :-) Ask for Chinese menu they will explain anything you are unsure of. Really nice place with great service.  sushi is excellent tooIf you are in the Carowinds area you need to check this place out. Great sushi/nigiri and large rolls. Chinese food is good too, the beef and broccoli was terrific. Good job with the decor. Prices are reasonable and the service couldn't be better.The most authentic Chinese/Asian food i've ever had in the Carolinas. Probably even better than all those places in Atlanta Chinatown. Food is great, servers are really personable and responsive.Great place to get Asian food in fort mill.

2) their chicken is very fresh

I am very glad I chose Yesnick Vision Center, and will go back for any and all of my eye needs.Wonderful human beings !! Loved the staff loved the doctors! Very sweet and patient to my grumpy 8 year old daughter, they knew how she felt more than me.  I was very impressed! The doctor took the time out to tell my daughter about wearing glasses and how important they are to take care of them.... most importantly he made me feel like it was normal for her to wear glasses because I was heartbroken she had to wear glasses. Such sweet people I will definitely make this our eyecare place!Just got my daughters glasses in just 3 days! The staff was sooo patient and helpful with the fit of her new glasses thank you guys soooo much!I came here to take my friend to go get her eyes check. I was very impressed with the staff. They are kind and very professional. I was very impressed so I scheduled one right there and then for myself. If the doctors staff are like this, I can't wait for my appointment now.I had my appointment and they did not disappoint. The doctor was nice and conducted my visit with the upmost professionalism. I have been to many places in Las Vegas and never went back. My husband is a hard person to please and even he was happy. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. Now I have to take my kids :)I went to visit the YESnick center in the summer for my whole family eye exams.  The wait was short and went quick for the kids (5 and 8).  I loved that he was thorough and explained everything while doing the eye exams. He answered all my questions on the spot.  I didn't feel a bit rush (as i do with medical doctors) and the kids were very comfortable with him.  I would definitely return to his office for all my family follow ups.  I highly recommended himIt's surprising to me to see these negative reviews on this company. I had a wonderful experience with Dr. Yesnick's office. We were seen shortly after arriving for our appointment, they accepted the insurance for my 4 year old, and even were able to give us a small discount on the out-of-pocket portion since we were low-income family at the time. Dr. Yesnick was very courteous and did not seemed "bothered" by the multiple questions I asked and the entire staff was great. I would recommend this office to any of my friends and family.I bought the deal on Groupon and used it. I liked how throughout the eye exam was. Dr. Yesnick communicated with me through all the procedures which is professional & informative. The staff was friendly & helpful when I went to pick out a frame for my prescription. Even without any Groupon deal, I'll keep coming back to the clinic!I haven't had an eye exam in 10 years and Dr. Yesnick and his team are very nice and thorough. Appointment setup was super easy over the phone. I got to my appointment and within 10 minutes was in getting my eyes checked. I used a groupon for this as I don't have vision insurance because my eyes are 20/20 for last 10 years. However I have noticed last year some finer details are getting blurry and my night vision isn't as good as it used to be.  Yesnick said I still have 20/20, but he recommended a very low prescription for night driving. The lenses and frames offered there are rather pricey ( very well made and designer) without insurance so I decided to skip them for now. I also went to get this checkup as I am applying for the airforce and just wanted to make sure I can pass all their vision tests. He said I will be able to pass 99% of any military eye test. Overall an excellent experience! 5 STARS!Just dropped in to get a broken frame fixed. Was visiting from out of town and my glasses broke, I lost the screw and it was something like 6pm on a weeknight. These people saw me quickly and fixed my glasses in about 5 minutes for FREE!! Technically there is a $25 dollar charge so don't get bent out of shape ( haha ) if they charge you but even then it would have been reasonable! So fast and easy and reasonably priced!Dr. Yesnick and his staff are absolutely wonderful! I went for an eye exam, and from the moment I walked in I was greeted by a caring and friendly staff! The level of professionalism alone has won me over for a lifetime! Dr. Yesnick was thorough, patient, and very helpful when explaining my condition. If you're looking for the best, Dr. Yesnick is just that!They had the best service and the sales associates were so kind! Definitely coming againMy favorite shiek in town.

She didn't rush at all she made sure we were all perfectly tanned and golden.

Crystal was extremely thorough in her process and quadruple checks all of her lengths. Made sure everything was even before and after the blow dry. Her methods do take a while so make sure you allow yourself an hour or two, but it is WELL worth it. Hands down the best haircut an experience I have ever had. I have never had a stylist who made me want to go back to them not only for their charm and friendliness, but because Rey know and love what they do.

Casual atmosphere, friendly service.

Blood orange soda for making sangria 

* Return to Sender = high bar routine

- Blizz Frozen Yogurt BarPOOL:

2. Tuna Nachos; delicious, fresh, unique, tasty.

No-one cares.6) Don't spend 30 mins in a venue and give a 3 star review, then state it's because you didn't have enough time to give them an appropriate evaluation. Why the fudge are you reviewing them in the first place? Full of self importance and hurting a business' livelihood just to indulge your e-peen.7) Don't deduct a star because you walked in at 7pm without a reservation and had to wait 30mins for a table. Whose fault is it you're disorganized and think you're special? The restaurant? News flash, you're not special. You're waxed mustache and ironic t-shirt are almost identical to the guy sitting at table 3.8) Why on God's green earth would you deduct a star because the venue is "too busy"!?!? Punish the venue for being good at what they do and attracting business...that's the spirit.Seriously...1st world problems for people who apparently have a 1st world education. Petty complaints for people looking for reasons to be unhappy. Enjoy life; we're here for a good time not a long time, so make the most of it.Herbs and Rye is a great place; the food is superb and the cocktails are even better. Staff are awesome if you don't go out of your way to be a jerk. Go in with the right attitude and you'll have a great time.We made a reservation via internet, but got no response back. We decided to go, anyway.... Difficult to find a parking spot (it's Happy Hour till 8 pm). Went inside, nice pub. 

I think we found our new Sunday night hang out . . . .  perhaps Monday as well.We have been to Nacho Daddy several times & love it!  My son loves everything on their kids menu, I tend to be a creature of habit and always go back for the Daddy's Big Burrito & my husband is always trying something new! Service is great too!  Always worth the drive from Summerlin! :)Had great service & great food for our party of 9!!!  Love the new menu!I love this place! The nachos are insane good, my favorite is the barbecue chicken nachos. The Big Daddy Burrito is really good as well, I like to get it covered with the red sauce (wet). I eat lunch here at least once a week with some of my co workers, and they love the place also. The lunch menu is perfect and the service is always great, Megan ROCKS as the lunch waitress!!I don't understand all the negative reviews, this place is awesome.  They bring out warm home made tortilla chips and fresh salsa to your table.  The food and service has always been top notch when we go.  The fajita salad and the fajita sandwich are amazing!We have been to Nacho Daddy twice in 3 weeks for dinner. The first time we both ordered the Fajita's - chicken for me and shrimp for the wife. The food was GREAT, the server was awesome and except for the crying kid 2 booths over we had a wonderful meal. The next visit I ordered the "Tres Enchilada's" - 2 chicken, 1 pork, and the wife stuck with the shrimp fajita's. The food was again was great, no screaming kid and the server did OK. The prices are really reasonable for what they serve you and I had no room for dessert. We will be returning for sure.We love it here!  They completely redid the menu a while back but we and so many others thought it was the same old awful cheez whiz menu...it's not!  Great, new chef and great new menu!  Their Sunday brunch is fantastic!  Give them a try if it's been a while!From Az....it's a must every trip 2 Las Vegas. Chef Mike is Amazing.... his creativity w/ his nachos is Awesome!!! Everything is so good even the Watermelon Margaritas =} everyone needs Nacho Daddy in their lives!I went with a Groupon, I brought the kids from my daughters Band, got 3 large orders of Nachos (I think its 3 or 4 dollars more then the regular size, I dont know why they dont price it on the menu like that?)

For my wife, who is from a seaside village in Penang, Malaysia, the good seafood dishes are a joy you can see on her face while she's enjoying them.

( For liquor not wine)

In town !!!I'm letting all of you know that Angry Crab- Peoria, is now open!They don't do barbecue or pizza like some of their sister restaurants in PHX, Mesa and the Tukee- here it's all about crab, shrimp, crawfish, crab legs, mussels, clams, oysters, po boys, catfish and several other things that swim. Pro tip: dress down because you will get messy. Need to take a shower soon after dining messy. Might wanna drive through a car wash with the windows down messy. But it will be worth it. The staff is very friendly and if you need help tying up your bib, they'll hook you up.It's across from Lee Lee, on Cactus, just west of 75th Ave and at least for now, only open for dinner from 4-10, 11pm on Fri & Sat. The atmosphere and vibe is so unlike anything else in the area, and of course, so is the menu. I've been waiting on the "OPEN" sign in the front window to be turned on for about 4 months. It's a long overdue "interesting" addition to the neighborhood and I'm glad it's finally open!My husband surprised me with a surprise visit to the grand opening.  Service seemed to run smoothly, with little noticed as far as opening mishaps.  We were greeted and sat immediately.  The menu was what you would expect from a Louisiana seafood boil spot.  We ordered the mussels, snow crab, and shrimp; level 2 trifecta.  Our order came out quickly, and the food did not disappoint.  The shrimp were large, the mussels were to die for, and the snow crab...well was crab legs, amazing!  We will definitely be back, we have a couples date night coming up, and this is the perfect spot.  I am so happy they built this spot right up the street.  Love it!!!  Must try!!!Finally open in Peoria! I have been to the other locations but they are really far away for us. This location opened yesterday and did not disappoint at all. The food is incredible and this location seems to have a couple extra options the others do not. If you have never been here and like seafood you MUST come here. If you have already been here you know exactly what I am talking about. A+++ all the way.How can you not love this place??   Price is steep but once a month is ok lol!!   Got to have my  2lbs king crab hahahaIt was a busy friday night! They told us the wait was about 45mins... well 15 mins later, I got a text saying that our table is ready, awesome! Aaron, our server was nice and accommodating. I ordered my usual shrimp trifecta mild and my friend ordered the soft shell crabs with a side of cajun fries. The fried crabs were huge, it comes with a dipping sauce and a side of coleslaw and lots of cajun fries. My trifecta shrimp was very juicy & it's finger licking good.. with lots of lemon juice! From Mesa, to Phoenix, and now here in Peoria.. My experience is always great!Ok I normally stay away from seafood places away from home. My Uncle wasted to try it so we did. OMG!! Oh yea!!! Had the blue crab and they are intact! Get them trifecta with more spices and they are perfect. They are boiled perfectly and are fresh (well what I had - they fly them in fresh! The garlic was like candy and went so well the crab. This is all coming from someone from New Orleans! Very impressed!Great food!!  Great service.....Thank You Ashley!!  If you like medium hot...start with the mild.  The flavors were excellent!Food was fantastic!  Everything we had was delicious.  Snow crab, onion rings, hush puppies, everything!  The manager was great. We will be back again and again!The kids & I thought we would check it out. We got right in at 4:30. Place is already busy. All the tables full by the time we left at 5:30. Had the shrimp, mussels and snow crab. Going with level 0 next time. Amy was great at making sure we had all our food and keeping the drinks filled. We would like to come back.OMG! Best seafood around. 1st timers & we loved everything we ordered! Fried Clams, Snow Crab Legs & Lobster oh my! We'll be back soon.I gotta do a HUGE shout out to some amazing people who tonight made a monthly dinner outing for a group of moms fun & a record for most attending. ...

Pedrigal. Upscales shops, and entertainment in the courtyard. We sat on the

Comfortable atmosphere 

*Quick moving lines

I've been here on several occasions and it's good every time! Always fresh and piping hot. Their coleslaw is delicious and tangy and Thursday/Friday nights the place is busy. The service is very quick and efficient and in my opinion, Cote-St-Luc's chicken is crispier, less salty and better tasting to me than St-Hubert. The sauce, which I always get two of, is way better as well. 

- The menu is simple and perfect: pizza, wings and subs - Again, just like in Buffalo!Improvements that A&J's could make:

In my 30 plus years of working with mechanics shops, I have struggled to find that one simple thing - "We Care".

but CUT delivers. I had the special beef carpaccio with shaved white truffles and white truffle holindaise. What can I say it was delicious and chip paired a perfect Viongne. Next was a Bibb lettuce salad with blue cheese and avocado, I didn't know a salad could be so perfect. Next a prime quailty rib eye cooked medium rare + . I like my steak inbetween med and med rare. It came absolutely perfect. The sides where puréed yellow fine potato and broiled asparagus with bread crumbs and Parmesan. Chip again paired a perfect glass of Hietz Cabernet. 

A must try for any occasion!! salut :)Oh so yummy. My boyfriend and I came in with our two dogs after hiking around Papago Park. We had the patio to ourselves when we first arrived, and this gave my dogs time to get used to the atmosphere. We happened to get there during happy hour and got caprese salad and humus nachos off of the happy hour menu. The humus was really flavorful but I expected something different with the name "nachos." It was essentially humus scoops on pita wedges drizzled with balsamic vinegar with a few pomegranate seeds and diced red onion for decoration. It was delicious, but not so much "nachos." I expected more toppings. The mozzarella in the caprese salad was also tasty, it seemed very fresh possibly even locally made. For the main event I ordered the brie hive and my boo got the sriracha burger. My Brie hive was exactly what I was looking for. The combination of toasted sourdough bread, warm brie, crisp apples, prosciutto, and arugula(?) was spectacular. I would definitely come back for that sandwich. My love really enjoyed his burger and it smelled great and looked so very juicy from where I sat. For our sides I got the regular fries and he got the greek salad. Both sides were good enough but the sandwiches were really the stars of the show.I also want to say that they were very welcoming to our two dogs. The chef brought them pepperoni dog treats to munch on and our waiter brought them a bowl of water. I thought that was very thoughtful of them and showed that they truly love animals. I really appreciated that added kindness.When the restaurant started to get busy around 6pm we decided to leave. Our dogs were getting skittish with all of the people. I would definitely come back and next time try out some of their craft cocktails and their smores.Just one small negative, they are right on University and that can give off some traffic sounds. There is also a low hum coming from the big power grid across the street, but you can only hear these clearly if no music is playing and you are sitting outside on the patio.Went here with a couple of friends on a Saturday night following an ASU game. The food was delicious and their craft cocktails are out of this world. I'm a firm believer that you can always judge a restaurant by the condition of their bathroom. Not only was the bathroom well kept, but it was one of cooler bathrooms in Scottsdale. The decor of the place was warm and they had a huge outdoor patio area. If you're in and around Tempe and looking for a laid back place to grab great cocktails, wine, beer or delicious food, look no further. I'll be back for their brunch next weekend.Best tasting hummus I've ever had -   Ordered the burger and wasn't disappointed - finished off meal with s'mores! Can't go wrong here -- will be back for moreJust found myself a new wine bar in Tempe!  Love this place - good wine, looks awesome inside, and the hummus nachos rock.  Staff is really friendly too, so I'll be back again for sure.So yummy! Everything is good here. Great service and the menu is totally to die for. Cute hostesses too! Awesome patio and really cool vibe inside :)First off, solid choice for date night.  Good beers and they have good wines for a good price.  They always have some sort of special going on. Location is easy to get to and is far enough away from the ASU chaos.  Staff was very polite and on their game.  For an appetizer, we had the gluten free bruschetta.  Pretty tough to come by and I'm thankful they unlike so many other places have it.  I ordered the panini and very good flavor.  The Salut fries are hate them or love them and I so happen to love them. Overall, I was very pleased with my choice to come here and I happily go every other week or so when I want a nice chill place to have some good food and a glass of wine.  CheersI have been here quite a few times now, and each time the food and service is on point. I love all of the different bruschetta options, and my favorite thing to get is the Malbec burger. It's SOOO good. And of course the Salut fries are delicious. The last time I went I got a margarita and it was made perfectly and it came out quickly. Happy returning customer :)I was very impressed with Salut. I don't often go to restaurants in Tempe, but I was happy I gave this one a try. My date and I started off with drinks and the hummus nachos. We both loved the nachos, they were served on a very tasty pita with a lot of flavor. We also split a burger and fries that was cooked perfectly. For dessert we had the s'mores, which I thought was very interesting, everyone has had s'mores, but rarely do you have the chance to order them when eating out.

few cold beers, great service and a bill of $120 or so was very very memorable and affordable once we took advantage of the groupon rebatewill come back for sure to have more great sushi next time we are in town (but you do need to adjust your pricing on those rolls!)First indulgent experience. 

They have a chocolate fountain here too and there's a glass between you and it so you can't stick your mouth into it. I hope they let us one day, lol.

Their classic poutine is by far the best we have  had!  We haven't tried their other ones they make yet.

Service- AMAZING. Not only is the food fantastic, but the service was equally as good. This place was busy and they maintained everything incredibly well. Each station had a dedicated employee to refill, clean and help people get their food. They were friendly and did a great job. On top of that, there were servers were on top of their tables and checked in frequently.

They always have great suggestions. They are also very friendly.

- Due it's size, they seats near the walls are all awkward and can't be comfortable.

I meet 2 of the owners, they seemed very nice. 

Along with Thai iced coffees..

Thank you Desert Wireless!Incredible, fast, and convenient service!! They replaced my cracked screen in less than 30 minutes. Not to mention, Wookie was incredibly welcoming and knowledgable. No wonder this place has been around for 9 years. Highly recommended, I would definitely come back again!Went to get my cracked screen replaced for my iPhone 6. Service was quick, took no longer than 2 hours. The price was better than most phone repair places and my phone looks just like new ! Thank you for the great service !Came in said 1 1/2 hours, came back n the phone was fixed and ready. Like a brand new screen n only $79. Very friendly and professional.I smashed my phone while in Vegas and stopped by to get it fixed before flying back to NYC. They were super nice, professional, and efficient. Would definitely recommend!Came here cause my phone screen was badly cracked and Wookie fixed it up. He was amazing, and the service was very friendly. Not to mention, he did such a great job fixing up my screen. I would definitely come back here if I need to fix up my phone again.Great service! Convenient location and great quality work! Definitely would recommend!Great Customer Service! Quick & Cheapest Price In Vegas. Came in with a broken iPhone & they took care of me right away. Even hooked it up with a discount & free screen protector !I broke my iPhone 6 a couple of days ago and it looked pretty bad. It had shattered my screen so much that my screen was flickering and part of my screen was basically unusable. I searched on Yelp for iPhone repair places and saw this one first, so I decided to check it out. Long story short, I came to Desert Wireless and they fixed my screen in an hour. They even held my phone there because I couldn't pick it up until the following morning. As soon as I got my phone it looked like it never even shattered. It was really awesome to have my phone completely fixed and good as new. They did an awesome job and even gave my mom and I a free glass screens protector! They also took the time to put the screen protectors on our phones! I would highly recommend this place for anyone who needs their broken phone screen fixed.My iPhone screen was shattered and my ear piece was broken, so I couldn't take phone calls without putting them on speaker. After calling so many places about their prices & how long it would take, I decided on this place because it was $50+ cheaper. AND they only took an hour and a half! Feels like a completely new phone. Awesome placeThat's nice place  dealing is soo good I got everything which is I want and thanks to that's guys who was suggest me for new Mobile serviceDoes a better and cheaper job than every other repair store in Vegas. Doesn't charge for service fee and does a very quick and fast job.I had just recently gotten my iPhone 6s a few days ago, unfortunately clumsy me ended up dropping it which gave me a pretty bad crack. I called around a few shops in Las Vegas and Desert Wireless was the best priced option. They did a quick turn around after dropping it off, they even added a screen protector which is awesome. I would recommend them to any other clumsy folks out there.My iPhone 6 was shattered and needed the LCD replaced. They gave me a reasonable quote before I came in and they were WAAAY cheaper than the other offers. Fast service and highly recommendMy iPhone 6 screen was completely shattered. I tried to get it fixed at Apple, but the next appointment they had available was later in the week. I found this place they quoted me at $79. I paid $85 with tax. It took just a little over an hour and a half. They also added the tempered glass on it when I mentioned Yelp ! Definitely recommend.Dropped my phone one too many times before my Vegas trip, found this place right down the street from the strip, only $90 for a lcd replacement and I'm a happy camper, works perfectly! Thank you!!Super fast, extremely friendly and they do quality work. My phone is as good as new! Will recommend!Free Diagnostic & if you don't want them to fix the issue after they quote you on rhetoric repair it's no cost at all,this alone is a huge plus over a lot of places that will charge a fee. Awesome service. Nice waiting area that is nice and cool for this insanely hot Vegas summer heat. Extremely satisfied and would recommend.Got iPhone 6plus cracked screen fixed and my bent phone straightened for same price. Good store. We also got a cool case for half off. Thanks!Pretty simple and effortless experience. My screen got shattered while in town and I found these guys near my hotel. I dropped off my phone and 2 hours later it was good as new + a screen protector was added for extra protection. I've had zero issues with my phone since and everything works as expected. The only thing I can note is the home button was slightly shifty after repair, but I'm unsure if that's because the entire glass piece + the home button was swapped out. Either way, doesn't matter. Touch ID still works, everything is responsive, and I only had to stare at a cracked screen for one night. Well worth the $85 repair price, I highly recommend these guys.fast, same day service and competitive prices. if you want your screen fixed and don't want the hassle of shopping around, I would recommend this place.Great service, reliable, and reasonably priced! I come here for all my cell phone or iPad repair needs. It's way cheaper than going to Apple who will charge you an arm & leg! I've been coming here for years and have never had any problems with the repair work. They do very good work here! You can call ahead to check if they have your screen or parts available before coming. Free wifi while you wait.Great service, fast and efficient.  I didn't have to wait long for my repair and my phone looks like brand new again!  I was very satisfied!The best in town and good Quality for the best price from the owners from car audio done right come here really recommend them in townGreat service and very reliable! Also very reasonable prices, I come here whenever something happens to my phone and they always do a great job!Always solid service here. I've had my phone screen replaced several times since I'm such a clumsy dude. Each time I've been here, the turn around time is quick and quality of work impressive.Went in with what I thought was a broken iPhone 5. Came out with what seemed like a new phone! My phone was fixed quickly and at the price I was quoted. I would recommend them to anyone that wanted a quick, no frills repair for their glass. A hidden gem in the desert.Great place! Took care of a shattered iPhone 6 Plus screen quickly and professionally. 10/10My iPhone 6s screen was completely shattered. I brought it to desert wireless and it was fixed in 2 hours. Screen works just as it did before. I'm so happy to have my phone working again. I called around to other places and Desert Wireless had the best deal for screen replacement. Everywhere else I called was $20 - $35 more expensive. So happy with their work.I have had my screen replaced multiple times here and they have done a fantastic job every time. Best prices for 6s repairs in town after calling many other shops.This place is amazing!!! If you ever have any problems with your phones because I broke the screen on mine they will fix it easily and affordably!! AMAZING SERVICE AND PEOPLE!! If I could give it more than 5 stars I would!!! Thank you so so much!!!!Did a great job with my iPhone 6s for a great price. Didn't take too long either, would recommend other people to come here.First to start, right when I walked in I was welcomed like I was family. Some of the friendliest staff I've ever met. All the employees knew what they were talking about, and I had my iPad fix in no time. One of the best and fastest service I've experienced. Great price!

Everything I ate and drank was free so here is what I sampled:

Etro 

- And many other departments such as food-to-go options like sushi, italian food, and a bakery with italian cookies and donuts---check!We had two full freezer tote bags for $41. We got a bone-in pork shoulder for under $7, various produce items like kale for 88 cents, cucumber, spinach, limes. I found a huge bottle of my favorite salad dressing, Ken's, for $5.98.I liked it so much, that even though, it's not anywhere close to our area, I'd like to visit once a month.Love this grocery store. The deli, produce and the butcher have a more than impressive selection and the prices are just right. There are so many meals that you can grab to go as well as a salad bar. They have fresh Cannoli's that are fantastic too! All around just good local market.I love that everything in this store is fresh and cheap. The employees are great. The cakes are cheap, delicious, and better than any bakery. The salads and cooked foods are good, too! And they have Armenian lavash, gata, and other great Mediterranean selections.My friends had recommends this store to me over and over and I finally went in. So clean and amazing fresh produce selection. My new favorite storeMy wife and I love this supermarket. It has everything. The salad bar is kept nice and clean. They have a large variety of toppings and is always replenished. The price is reasonable for make your own salad. The store is large and there's a lot of good variety of items that they sale. The 2-3 restaurant-like shops have some really good food. I wish there was one on 215 and North Decatur.I absolutely love shopping here. The store is very clean and extremely organized. They have great weekly specials on meat, seafood and wine. I am not happy going anywhere else. Most grocery stores are way too busy with long times. Its never a long wait at checkout and the food is extremely fresh. I truly recommended this storeI would give 5 stars to Them with any hesitations!! They have the best variety of food and all the other items. Their panini share really awesome and salad bar is pretty good too. I love shopping there over Albertsons or Smiths!!This market has to best seafood and meat department. The meat is always tender. The seafood is fresh. And the service is excellent. 

I also got the soup special: nopal (cactus) and corn soup...savory with the nopal providing a uniquely flavored crunch.

* Wes (owner?) was super friendly

The kind of brush

With the primary doctor being Dr. Brian Page who is absolutely AMAZING. I wrote my review on the Dr. Brian Page company so I will mostly just copy and paste but tweak s few things to this particular location since I have also gone to the other location by Metro-center. 

Coffee was the only thing I wasnt crazy about honestly. Great flavor but not strong enough for my personal taste.Loved everything about this place!!!

The location is off the strip (probably 10-15 minutes but maybe too much to cab it). and it's pretty far from Henderson but worth the drive. The service is fantastic as well. I love the ambiance because it reminds me of the restaurants at home. It's a pretty quiet location.Back up to five stars for me! On my two most recent trips here the portions were increased noticeably. I was very pleased with my meal. My out of town friends always ask me to take them here when they're visiting. The service was much better this time around as well. So glad I am able to give them back their star!Great pad thai, great spicy basel!Best Thai food in town.  I absolutely love the curry, and my friend swears by the pork fried rice.  There is a ton of excellent options on the menu, but be careful what you order on your first visit.  I have a hard time ordering anything else.   Now the only way I get to try anything new is to bring someone else and sample what they order.  

- Avocado smoothie

Also, the girl that works there most often, or at least the times I've been there, is super sweet and very helpful.  She answered all questions about the menu honestly, and was a little spunky.  The good service only added to the positive experience. I dig this place.Simply the best Vietnamese food in the Phoenix metro area! A tad difficult to find, but worth the extra time. While the Pho is slightly above average - everything else we have tried there is to die for. Excellent service, extremely clean and food bursting with flavor...what more can you ask for?I love this place. The dishes that I usually get are the Beef Pho and Pork Vermicelli Bun. They are fantastic! I have taken numerous coworkers, family and friends there and everyone loves it and returns. The place is very clean and the service is friendly and fast. They have great coffee and Thai ice tea.First time Pho eater so I have no frame of reference but I definitely know what all the rave is about after eating at Pho Chandler, I loved this soup! 

And I enjoy the time I spend there as much as I enjoy my hair when I leave :)

Try it!Wow. What a pleasant surprise.  Stopped by for what we thought would be a snack.  Turns out the portions were much larger than expected.  We had four tacos. The street type with onions and cilantro. Two chicken, one carnitas, and one carne asada. A side of beans.  The tacos were at least twice? the size of what we were expecting.  The salsas were delicious.  We will be back!  Been back two more times since I started the review. The food is wonderful. And surprisingly inexpensive.  Great meal for 4 for less than $25. Terrific value and delicious food!This place has huge, yummy footlong  burritos for reasonable prices. Their salsa is the best I've had since moving to Vegas. The taquitos are made with ground beef which is unusual, but very tasty. The people that work there are very nice and generous with the salsa.  Enchiladas are great as well.Really great place, food is authentic, drive thru a litlle slow, but what can you do.  Chicken tacos enchiladas and Chili relleano was excellent,  Been back 5 or 6 times.  And if you can find a coupon even better....would definately recommend this place for sure.I love Baja Taco, it's so much better than Robertos any day. The drive through feature is so convenient. The prices are so fair because let's face it, Mexican food is cheap and pretty easy to make. The salsas are always fresh. The little gal, who is always at the drive through is very nice and I like her tiny smile. I have gone there many times and each time, it's great.Back again. Really great food at ridiculously low prices. Today when our food was ready they forgot one of our taco plates. A few minutes when it was ready they also included another at no charge for their oversight.  I mean who does anything like that? It was just a few minutes extra I had to wait for my food which was no big deal. And then another plate at no charge. This is a great place.  Food is delicious. The salsas are excellent. Everything has that homemade taste. It's food served fast but not in anyway you would classify it as fast food, like the mainstream fast food Mexican places.  Delicious rice and beans. Excellent tacos and burritos. 5 stars for sure.A foot-long burrito!  Yum!!if you got a big appetite and low dough, Baja Taco is the place to go.  sorry del taco i traded you in.Very good food! I was actually very surprised . And I got much more than I bargained for. I got the shredded beef wet burrito and my boyfriend got the foot long chicken burrito and a side of fries. We were both very pleased . I tried his burrito, the chicken was very tasty and tender and the fries were really good to be only a dollar, plus we received plentiful They did have a small Mimi bar inside. Not as good as Roberto's but in MY opinion the food taste better than Roberto's and ITS CHEAP! I'm defiantly going back!I've eaten here a lot! Their grilled chicken & carnitas tacos, burritos & family dinners are phenomenal & they don't skimp. The carnitas nachos are awesome & stay crispy, though they need to drain the carnitas a bit more as it's quite greasy. I wish they had a half order, however, as they are HUGE! The chile relleno is pretty good & the cheese enchilada is tasty but could use more sauce. The chicken quesadilla is fantastic too but gets pricey once you add sour cream & guac. Overall prices are cheap though. Their red mild or hot salsa is the best around! It's smooth w/a few tomato & onion chunks & fresh cilantro. I'm not much of a fan of the red or green sauce most places offer. The only thing I haven't liked is their taquitos or rolled tacos which are super cheap but are not your typical filling, it's some sort of flavored or sauced ground beef, almost chili like if I recall correctly. Service is good too! Drive thru is convenient!Back again every week or so. The food is just delicious. everything has a home made taste. The prices are ridiculously cheap. You should give this place a try.Okay so I made a review for this place back when they first opened, since then they have really gotten their shit together. I went in last night for a 3 item plate. I got a plain carne asada taco, chile relleno, and an enchilada. Everything was excellent except for the enchilada. It was like 3 small taco tortillas in one wrapped up to make it long but it didn't have enough meat in it. Does that make sense? Not enough meat/tortilla ratio.Anyways the taco was perfect! Can easily compare to the one's you'd find on the east side. The meat was very flavorful. The chile relleno was good too, the sauce has great flavor.My dislikes are simple peeves not enough to take any stars away.1. I went right before they closed so they ran out of lemon, I got 3 tiny pieces but I feel like that's my fault for going so late.2. The red sauce still doesn't do it for me. I prefer the home made salsa's and this one tastes like spicy pace :(

We topped it off with a fabulous cab from Conn Creek.

Well worth a trip and cheapIt's a tiny place, so it get's packed, but it's a blast when the live music is playing on weekends. Every time you go you find something else interesting hanging on the walls that you missed the last time. It's a mixed crowd and everyone appears to be there just to have a good time. I recommend checking it out if you haven't been there.First off just wanted to say you have THE BEST bouncer in town!  What a treat on Wednesday night to hear the singing bartender.  We went back Thursday and Friday as well, fun atmosphere and can't wait to visit next year!!!  And you never know who might show up to sing a song.  Special thanks to the Psychobilly Rodeo Band, the singing umpire and Ryan Bexley!Best little bar in old town if you're looking for a hole in the wall, authentically local feel for a western bar. The people here always seem to be great people (typically an older crowd), and the staff is awesome. People come here to have a good time with friends, grab a drink, listen to music and be happy. Oh, and the live music here is perfect for any night of the week!Though I have no idea about the food at this place, I am cheating! They have awesome bartenders and drinks and the best SONG menu in Oldtown!;). Tip the singer please! He rocks and you shouldn't be a cheap skate...! Not a good look!!;)Always love heading to the Spur. Great Drinks, Great Bands and Great Service! and fun people watching! It really is a good time. If you are in the area I suggest stopping by. Keep in mind it is VERY, VERY tiny so when it does get packed you are in there like sardines!If you can fit into this itty bitty Country bar you'll definitely have a good time and I don't even listen to Country.  The live music on weekends is always the same band and same setlist but I love it every time.  Cheap drinks and friendly people are always found here.  Zero Scottsdale pretentiousness and lively people, even if they may have been a little overserved.You can find me most weekend nights here, it never gets old!My favorite dive bar in old town. No BS. Straight shooting bartender with live music. Sit down, chill out and have several drinks. Uptight pretentious folks --- keep walking!!!Had so much fun and this local dive bar! We stayed close by at the Saguaro resort and we were looking for a place to listen to some live country music. So, we jumped on our trusty Yelp app and found the Rusty Spur. Cheap drinks, a packed house, and some great live country music...and dancing! it made for the perfect night out in old town Scottsdale. If/when we return to the area we will make sure to stop in here again.We got here around 730 and definitely beat the entire crowd haha but by around 930/10 it was packedThe band takes request and they also make sure to let the crowd know that they take tips haha it's well worth it though!Seriously great place.      Classic western bar looks, with great live music and a good beer / drink selection.     The place is just straight up fun.Take the - Grab some suds , sit back and enjoy one of the Original Salons left in Scottsdale.. Good prices on grub and always fun - have been stopping here for years at least 2 or 3 times per /- great place to bring out of town friends.  Pretentious Snobs please keep walking there isn't enough room for you here.. LOL

She's extremely gentle!! Trish didn't rush at all but also finished the job in a timely manner. I really like that. 

The place is family friendly and the staff are courteous too. If you like burgers, you have to come here. Be warned, all other burgers will be a disappointment from here on after.very impressed! the burger was fantastic the truffle frys where better. i also purchased the Mac & Cheese bites. extremely impressed with the food. will for sure be going back to this restaurant.The food was really tasty..service was quick n super attentive! Daryl did a great job making sure we were happy!!!!! Give this place  a try sure to satisfy $!!! ;)Too long dont read, great place great serviceLet me say I LOVE burgers. So this sounded like just the place for me. I'm a pretty big stickler about service. If I'm going to pay something I want to get what I want. When I walked in the guy that took my order was really cool and was able to answer my questions. The only set back is that the item that I wanted was out of order, which is always a negative. 

I think he's smarter than coming back to this world's mess, no matter how good Hog Trough and Goldberg and Osborne may be.CLOSED! Unfortunately, the owner/pit master has been diagnosed with cancer. Our hearts are with him & his family.The food is simply perfect, there is no better adjective for it, every dish is cooked to perfection and to order with level of spiciness. The chicken Tikka Masala is their star dish, the chicken, onions and peppers are seared in heat before marinating in the sauce. Amazing.Their other standout is the Biryani, a thing of beauty to behold and to taste.

"American Wagyu Flat Iron Steak" - Oh, it was melting in my mouth!  We ordered a medium cooked for our steak and it was perfect.  It was fairly pinkish red in the center, beautifully juicy, with crisped and crunchy edges, and so much flavor! It wasn't necessary to cut the steak with a knife because it was so tender.  I was enjoying the dish along with the salsa verde and the potato puree. *3rd course: "Gianduja Pave" - it was a small dessert/ice cream with a flavor of caramel, hazelnut, & tangerine.  The taste was so rich that the small portion was more than enough to spoil my appetite for a dessert!*a complimentary drink for surprise: At the end of our dinner, the server brought a tiny porcelain cup of warm chocolate milk infused with fresh rosemary :) The aroma of rosemary was pleasant and I learned that it is a valuable in digesting foods that can be used in many dishes. I thought the pine-like fragrance & pungent flavor of rosemary went well with warm chocolate milk.  I would like to say our server, Johnathan, he was the picture of perfection in service.  He was taking time to explain all the dishes we had and waited on us at exactly the right moment each time checking on us.  And he remembered to put a little candle on my dessert and that was very nice :P

The Fried Chicken was incredible-the batter was something like i have never tasted...needed NO sauce at all.

This place has tons of indoor and outdoor seating and looks like it would be great for groups. 

My favorite of the evening was what I believe they called the hunter sausage. It made me break into my "happy food dance!" The spices were complex and not over powering. Some of the pickled items were a bit of a single note, and probably could benefit from some added dill, onions, or garlic in the brine. But the sweet pickles were the best I've had, and I'm usually not a fan.This place is amazing. One of the few places in the valley that I will drive 15 miles to spend money on amazing food and drinks. As a foodie I cannot get enough. Bone marrow, amazing. Pork shanks, amazing. Fried Brussels, duck fries, pork tostadas, I can keep going. I'll spend 50$ on food and still want to order more, and I don't have a lot of money.  In a nutshell, this place is the tits. Shout to the late night guys, they're awesome.I had another restaurant cancel on me last minute, but Pig & Pickle came to my rescue. I was able to bring in 8 staff members for a team meeting, utilize our projector for presentations, AND feed everyone a delicious meal. The food was amazing!! I'm not a vegetarian dish, but I had their veggie casserole and it was one of the best veggie dishes I've ever had! (I may have added some bacon to the top per my server's suggestion when I mentioned I love meat.) Plus, the staff went above and beyond to help me. They coordinated the space, helped me unload my car, and even asked me if I needed an extension cord for my projector! Good people and great food! I will be coming back!!Went here lately night with family and friends after a spring training game. We were seated outside and it was a perfect night. Most of us ordered the Apocalypse Sow, I had the lettuce wraps, one grandson had burger and fries other grandson had something called madam something. Portions were huge!!!!  Everyone got quiet and you could tell we all enjoyed the food. Water, tea and beer was flowing and the service was really good. Very nice experience. Thanks Check Please, AZ for the review. We had a great time.A date restaurant for that steady partner.  The foods good, good service, drinks are awesome.   My girlfriend love's this place.Great spot with delicious tostadasAwesome Awesome Awesome. Steak and eggs are great. and 5 dollars for a bloody mary and beer back. ill be back.I have never once come here and been disappointed! Every time is better than the lastOne of my very favorite brunch spots; love the super amazing Bloody Mary served w pork belly, a deviled egg, pickled green beans, and more! I wish I had taken a pic! I haven't had a bad drink or a bad meal, ever! Love this place!!My favorite bar and restaurant in Scottsdale. The staff remembers your name after the first time you visit. The food is unique and cooked with passion. The drinks are amazing and memorable. P&P is always clean and has a great group of customers.Seriously folks, this place rocks. You have to try the Apocalypse Sow or the Bulgogi wraps. Or anything else on the menu.Love this place, right when you open the door this amazing smell hits!  Have never had anything bad there and they have some great HH specials!!We have lived near Pig and Pickle for awhile and never went in thinking it was barbecue. Oh, how I regret not checking them out sooner.  This is, by far, the best restaurant meal I've had in years. Inventive, different, beautiful presentation and absolutely delicious food.  The chicharrones are amazing and the pork liver schmear was delicious. Crispy skinned trout - oh my goodness. Every bite was a mouth-watering delight.  Shrimp and grits had the perfect heat and loads of shrimp.  My husband loved his bacon burger with havarti and said it was perfectly cooked.  And desert was strawberry vinegar pie. Sounds weird, tastes wonderful.  This will be our new neighborhood favorite!  

Highly Recommended!!I needed a new toilet installed and was not sure I would get good info or that if would be affordable. I ended up picking out my own toilet but the installation was quick, professional and affordable. I will def use again!!We had an issue last night with our plumbing - toilets wouldn't flush, sinks and tubs backing up, etc. I've never had an issue with this before. I called Eric this morning, and it worked out where he was able to come out right away. For someone that has his knowledge, it was a pretty quick and easy fix, and literally within minutes we were back in business. Very nice, helpful, and most importantly, I wouldn't hesitate to call again for any issue.I had a plumbing emergency today. A pipe behind my shower had a leak and started spraying, and I jumped on Yelp to find someone to help. Eric answered himself and I was extremely lucky that he was able to come within a half-hour of my call.He came, fixed the problem quickly, and is clearly a straight-shooting guy. I was very impressed. The cost was also incredibly reasonable. I would highly recommend Hansen's Plumbing Service. I'll be using Eric now as my plumber for any and all needs. If you're having an issue right now, stop looking at Yelp and just call Eric.Hansen's did a fantastic job fixing a leak under my kitchen sink today.  I called them expecting to schedule an appointment for the following day, but they were able to get out to my house within just a couple of hours.  I was also fully prepared to pay to have a leaky valve replaced, but Erik assured me that I did not need new parts but just needed to perform some basic maintenance on my existing line.  It is refreshing to find a company that won't try to sell you something you don't need, and now I can feel comfortable when they tell me I do need something that they are telling me the truth.  I appreciate the honesty this company showed and feel very comfortable referring them to friends and family going forward.I had a broken kitchen faucet that was refusing to be removed within its tightly confined home, even with the use of the specialized tool required to do such task from the manufacturer. Edward was not going to be defeated and eventually he found a way to remove the faucet so the new faucet could be installed. Although it took much longer than normal to remove the old faucet the price for the job did not increase and was very reasonable. I would use E. H. Plumbing and Drain Services again when the need arises.I found Hansen's Plumbing service via yelp and I'm so glad I did! The owner answered the phone and had a guy out a few hours later. I had multiple plumbing issues and Edward was able to fix everything beyond expectations. I was assuming the worse seeing water leaks and not having water running to the fridge in my kitchen and the problems were fixed very simply. I will definitely use them again in case of a plumbing emergency.We had outstanding service from Hansen's . We received a prompt estimate and service the same week. On the service day they were on time. Before I knew it, he was done and the work was fantastic! From now on, we will only go to Hansen's for any of our plumbing needs.After an overflowing toilet and an inspection report for our new townhouse saying "slow draining",  we decided to be proactive and have the drains cleared.  Called at 8:30 am and at 10:30 am, a service man is there.  He first asked all the questions of where and when, double checked everything and concluded the drains are fine, but due to the exceptional rain earlier this week, might have been the issue. There was NO charge and he just asked us to call them in the future if a plumber was needed -  This is a company I will recommend 100% - this is a rare find!Our diposal stopped working and smelled funny, so I hopped on yelp to look for a recommended plumber. I called at 8pm and Eric answered!! He said to try the reset button but because of the smell we may have a lemon and burned out our motor. For a flat rate of $325 his service could replace our disposal! We set up an appt and Edward came out to fix our disposal a day later. He said it was just jammed and he showed my husband how to fix that issue going forward.  NOT ONLY was our disposal ok, but he didn't charge us a service fee at all. He said "We are not here to rip you off." 

If you are looking for a great mortgage broker and an experience that will surpass your expectations, look no further because Jeremy is the man.Jeremy at Pinnacle is amazing!!! He made my first time home buying experience the best it could possibly be!!! I first applied through another lender, and I was not having my calls returned or given any information I should have, in order to make my first home purchase successful. Then my Realtor recommended Jeremy at Pinnacle, not only did he actively call me back, he walked me step by step through the entire process, gave a Manuel to follow all steps, sent me personal videos he made of me and my family throughout the process, advised me of all the programs I was eligible for, got my closing costs paid for me, and on top of all that he was honest, professional, and actually truly cared about making this a very memorable experience for my family and I!!!! He has earned my business for life and I would strongly recommend him to anyone and everyone who is even thinking of the word mortgage or refinance!!!!!Pinnacle Capital was the best investment that we made in purchasing our home.  We researched them on BBB, and our experience was completely positive!  Zac was efficient and Sharon was always friendly and helpful.  We had access to Zac virtually 24 hours a day by email, cell phone, and office.  This was a remarkable personal touch.  Our loan closed a week early without a hitch.  We will be using Pinnacle Capital for all of our future lending needs and would highly recommend that you do the same!Jeremy is the "go-to-guy" for a mortgage!  He has done two for me now and I would never even call anyone else.  His operation is excellent, friendly and he actually delivers.  Top notch service all the way!Thank you for making the whole process so painless and hassle free! The staff is very professional, attentive, and friendly. We got our home refinanced in less than a month! Highly recommended!!!This is our second time at refinancing with Jeremy. It could not have gone better. He was great to work with and got us financed at an incredible rate in a very short time. He makes the whole process effortless. I would definitely recommend him to everyone. He is great to work with and was always there to answer a question, and his speed at getting us funded is incredible.Jeremy was extremely helpful and know his stuff in looking at an opportunity to refinance our home. Everyone in Phoenix should give him an opportunity to save themselves money on their mortgages.Words cannot begin to describe just how thrilled I am right now. I had the pleasure of working with Jeremy and his team and they helped me refinance my home. O M G! First of all, the man has more patience than anyone I know. Second, he saved me a nice chunk of money and got my interest rate lowered to where I am still in shock. He stayed on top of everything and kept me updated on every detail regarding refinancing my home. If you are EVER, EVER in need of refinancing or you are looking to buy a new home, contact Jeremy first!! He will make sure you are well taken care of and get you the best possible rate. Thank you again Jeremy for EVERYTHING!Everyone always told us how difficult it is buying a home. The whole time during our home buying process, we were just waiting for problems, expecting some delay. It never happened. Jeremy and his team made the process so simple and straightforward. I highly recommend them to anyone who will listen.Jeremy is top notch all around.  He got us pre qualified for a home loan fast and offered different options to choose from.  There is no hesitation  who we will be using.  If you want someone who cares and will get it done right, call Jeremy and you will say Shalom.As a first time home buyer, I assumed it would be quite a hassle buying a house but I was wrong. Between my realtor and these guys, not only was it a smooth and efficient process, but everyone was very friendly and helpful. I would certainly recommend them to anyone!We just moved into our new place!  Jeremy Schachter and his team at Pinnacle on 7th were fantastic!  Jeremy was so timely, starting from my very first contact and having enduring done and approved and to the title agency well  before closing.  It was awesome to work with them. I would recommend Jeremy and Pinnacle to anyone!!We used PCM to refinance our mortgage and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. Everyone was so friendly and timely on responses. The process went so smoothly!! I have to give kuddos to Zac, Rhonda & Sharon for an amazing job! Thank you! You rock! :)My wife and I recently completed the purchase of a new home, and although we've never paid much attention to the loan process in our past home purchases, Zac White and the team at Pinnacle proved to us that there is an advantage to establishing a long term relationship with a mortgage broker.  We can and will wholeheartedly recommend Pinnacle to all of our friends in the future.  Service was prompt, professional advice was extensive and informative, and we always felt that we had someone watching our back in the process.  Give them a chance to show you what they can do - you won't regret it!Holy Moly! Jeremy has to be one of the most knowledgable, efficient, experienced and nicest mortgage lenders in Arizona! I can't believe how on top of things he was. He was so great in explaining the whole process to me. We couldn't be more thankful!Jeremy has been my go-to mortgage broker for 9 years. He helped me with finding and purchasing my first property in Arizona when I relocated from Utah in 2007 and he has helped me with several refi's since.  Going the extra mile... he even helped me solve a utility problem at the new home after the deal was done by spending his time on the phone on a Saturday and just not accepting NO from the power company.  You won't get that anywhere else!   He is extremely knowledgeable and makes what can be a complicated, painful, and confusing process EASY.  I highly recommend Jeremy and Pinnacle if you are buying a new home or refi'ing and want the best.  He will take care of you from start to finish.Jeremy and his team were amazing with both a refinance and new loan.  They are thorough, extremely diligent, and honest with the entire process. I feel good about recommending Jeremy and his team,Jeremy continues to amaze me with his top notch customer service!  He cares about his clients.Jeremy and his team are a top-notch, well-oiled, highly polished machine. Jeremy's number one priority is ensuring his clients are completely satisfied with their home purchase. He uses his wealth of knowledge and experience to close deals on time, all while ensuring he is there for you through every step of the entire home buying experience.The thing that sets Jeremy and his team apart from his competition, however, is the fact that he has the highest integrity. When you go visit Jeremy at Pinnacle Capital Mortgage, you can rest assured that he is doing the right thing for you. He is his client's biggest advocates, which is why his clients return time after time again!My wife and I began looking for mortgage companies starting in February contacting several and barely hearing anything back.  I found Zac White here on yelp and figured there's nothing to lose and sent a message over.  Minutes later he called me back and discussed nearly every option available.  I was incredibly impressed by his professionalism, knowledge, and time given to me even though he is a very busy man.  Throughout the entire process it felt like he was a personal friend as he went out of his way time and time again to ensure we were well informed and made knowledgeable decisions.  He also put us in touch with a realtor he works closely with which made the entire experience seamless.  This guy is the type who goes the extra mile to fight and protect you in this ludicrous field and I couldn't have asked for anything more.  If you were like us and didn't know where to start, give Zac a call, I assure he will point you in the right direction and take good care of you.Jeremy refinanced our home mortgage - and what a great job. Always on top of the entire process, always letting us know where we were in the process, what documents we needed and when (always with plenty of time, he never needed us to provide something at the last minute), and closing was on time and at a great rate!Thank you Jeremy - you're the best!I couldn't say enough good things about Zac White or Pinnacle Capital in general. My fiancé and I were first time homebuyers with no idea of where to start and Zac stepped in and helped us immensely, even when we weren't using their partner realtors and inspectors etc etc. He helped guide us on the steps and laid out the ins-and-outs of all the processes it was going to take and what to expect. I've already recommended Zac to two coworkers because I know he can deliver. It was a real pleasure working with everyone at Pinnacle Capital, I can't imagine a better experience. I already know the first person I'm calling when it's time to refi and shop again.Buying a home doesn't need to be a complicated and worrisome process if you have the right mortgage team handling the process. Jeremy is patient, caring, detail-oriented, KNOWLEDGEABLE, down-to-earth and extremely focused on the homeowner's goal of securing the mortgage in a simple, timely and organized fashion. He will take the time to walk you through all the ins and outs and tailor the mortgage specifically to your situation. 

Thank you .

I laughed through the entire show and would recommend it and go again.This is one of the better comics on the strip. We laughed the entire time. Highly recommended for all adult agesMatt was awesome! If you are any age between 20-50+, there is something you can relate to. We laughed the whole time, as all of his material is so relevant to anyone who grew up in the 70's and 80's. He brought back fond memories and helped us realize that.....well....40 is what it is...40!what a funny...hit home comedy act!! matt kazam was spot on with his bit and brought back some fond memories of my childhood! highly recommend 40 is not the new 20!!When we came to visit our cousin that serve  at the military base near by, we needed a place to sleep.  The first thing we saw when we look for hotel/motel was the blue sign of aviation inn so we went inside and the ladies at the front desk were very welcoming and nice.  The prices for the rooms were cheaper than what we expected and the rooms were so clean and smelled good.  We sleep in hotels/motels often but this one has really surprised us.  Everything Wes new and renovated and nicer than a lot of more expensive hotels.   

and beleive me... knowing how to properly clean them is SOO important.. 

****Dont plan everything to the very minute....sure you can try to catch ur fav DJ but just go with the flow and let the night take you as it will be a better experience for all of you. 

Never an issue with insurance, rescheduling, emergency visits, or any of the other common issues associated with a visit to the dentist.If you have any concerns with your current dental professional please take my advice and arrange a meeting with Dr Tomaro and the Exceptional team to see how they can help you.My previous dentist had some issues (cancelled appointments on his part; severely long wait times; missed major tooth decay in one tooth; ignored me when my insurance ran out).  So, I was happy to find Dr. Tomaro and his award-winning staff (I'm passing out the awards).  He really cares.  It's not just an act.  I had a root canal done in the aforementioned tooth, and he said I'd probably have some pain for a few days.  I'm sitting here 2 day after, and I had ZERO pain from the time the procedure finished until now.  His equipment is also new, so all close-up digital photos of your teeth surfaces, etc. which helps patients to understand the true scoop.Dr Tomaro & the entire staff are absolutely wonderful! We cannot say enough about the entire team. Extremely professional, personable & always a pleasant & stress free visit!The best dentistry experience I've ever had. Staff is kind, courteous and professional. Dr. Tomaro is clearly one of the best in his field. Outstanding!!! You will look and feel great. Relax. You are in good hands with Dr. Tomaro and staff.Followed a referral from my previous dentist in Michigan. I have been coming here for a couple years now and I couldn't be happier with them. Staff is awesome as is the dentist. I had a crown done by him and it was pain free. Great Dentist!The Nevada Ballet Theatre presented "The Nutcracker" at the Paris Theatre. An amazing performance that I highly recommend to everyone!I really liked Brave New World and I am looking forward to their post nutcracker season.  They seem to have a modern vision which I really love.  Plus there is nothing cuter than their bikes and ballet.I attend this theater as an adult ballet student. They are the ONLY dance studio in the city that has an adult only ballet class. Other studio want to shove you in with their older teenage students. Ummm...no thank you, my ego does not need that. The instructors at the Nevada Ballet Theatre are professional, friendly, and very knowledgeable.  The classes are a good price and you get your moneys worth. Taking a ballet class has become my way of re-centering myself and this is my favorite place to go!.....28miles drive ONE WAY to NBT 6X a week with 4 children plus a friend (3 high schools & 5th gr & 7th gr. )  with different schedules is worth it! Instructors are truly professionals and knowledgeable and caring.  The front office staff are equally fabulous.  This school is a  NO Fantasy and Disney Land type of school.  Gives no none sense and  realistic Ballet, Jazz, Tap dance instructions/classes & empowers students develop their highest dance potential thus resulting to great shows, fabulous dancers and college scholarships. 

We went in for sushi and did not have any entrees. 

Items.  I felt a personalized and humanized touch when reaching out to Eddie Merlot's to make a reservation.  I feel like I got a taste of their "WOW" factor they say they have with their service! I contacted them on FB since I was not able to find their new Scottsdale number & they just got a yelp account as of yesterday.  The customer service rep answered my email within 5 minutes which was nice & got us all set up for tonight gave me contact info & was so courtesy.  So far I'm very much liking this place. I thought this was nice.  Apparently this meat come from Australia! GREG NORMAN SIGNATURE WAGYUWagyu Tomahawk Ribeye*30 oz. MS 5-6† 99.95Wagyu Bone-in New York Strip*20 oz. MS 6-7† 89.95Eddie Merlot's is the only restaurant concept worldwide serving this steak with the bone and the high marble score, truly unique.That's a big piece of meat maybe my fiancée will get it, but I'm a petite filet kinda lady.From their Instagram the pictures looks amazing! 

This is now my favorite samich shop and my buddy's as well! 

I also tried their pomegranate cocktail that was on tap. It's tequila based and it was super strong and fizzy. Their chocolate dessert looked so pretty but we were too full to try it...which means we must come back again!Love this place! Say at bar and enjoyed the great jazz band with the tap dancer on the piano..the beautiful singers! Took me back in time!!This is the holy grail of Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas!! It is romantic, whimsical, fun, great entertainment and music, serves good food, drinks, not to mention fabulous desserts! Plus, the attention to details in this place is just unbelievable, wax-seal menu, ambiance, decorative engraved silverwares, and the décor. The décor, oh, the décor, every room has a different sense of ambiance, yet they're all interconnected. The staffs were all delightful, from the hostess, servers, down to the entertainers! My BF and I really had a fun time.I told my server to surprise me with the drinks they served, so I really can't recall exactly what I ordered, just tons of buzz. However! I do have a recollection of what we ordered that evening:Lobster Cocktail: BF's favorite lobster dish throughout the entire vegas trip! the creaminess mixed with lobster meat was the right combination. 

Oh and omg, I forgot to mention their baklava.  I think it's the best in town, ever.  So good, that I ordered a pan of it for my bday party.  It was a hit and they made the whole process of it very easy.  I just had to return the pan the following day and got my deposit back for it.

we got in free with a hook up from a promoter! woo!The Bank is HOT!!!!

Their katsu is top knotch, good portions and very tasty. The menu isn't overwhelming and whenever I read it, it's easy to make a decision. Prices are average and actually decent for the quality and portion you receive.Staff are always welcoming and friendly. My first visit was quite enjoyable. I came here with my girflriend for a nice dinner. We sat at the "bar(don't think there is alcohol served here)" and our waiter asked if we've ever ate here. We replied "no," and he showed us what to do with the sesame seeds and sauce. We had a good time, as simple as it was. We had a fun conversation with our waiter too.Whenever I eat here, I tend to always order the chicken and shrimp katsu. yumm I haven't eaten here in a month or two and the more I think about it right now it makes me hungry.5/5 for all around good experiences for every visit and great consistent food and service.The food here is great!! The miso soup is bomb and they have great sides also! Check this place out...I've had this place bookmarked for awhile. I was pretty excited when I was finally able to try it.Atmosphere: the restaurant itself is pretty small. Luckily we came here before it got busy. Service: the waiters and waitresses are both attentive. They kept our water glasses full at all times and always made sure we were enjoying our food.Food: I decided to get the chicken katsu. I really enjoyed it. Usually when you eat one chicken katsu, you think you've tasted all of them already. Theirs is very flaky. I really enjoyed the breading. Our meal also came with soup, salad, and of course rice.There's sesame seeds to grind in a bowl. We kind of just looked at other peoples tables to see what they were doing. You just grind the seeds and add the sauce. It tastes great with the chicken.I would forsure come here again!Very tasty food that completely changed my view of Japanese kitchen. I associated Japanese food only with sushi and teppanyaki, which I truly love. However, at Tonkatsu I discovered that the Japanese really know how to cook delicious pork as well. This is a must try boutique restaurant.By far the best Katsu I have ever had. The sauce is also delicious. The services is always incredible.My son and I made a trip to this restaurant in mid-May 2014 and we were not disappointed.The restaurant is very new (opened Sept. 2013) and clean. Simple decor. When you walk in to the restaurant you are greeted enthusiastically.You can see the chefs and cooks preparing your food through a large, open window. I discovered three people that work there (one is a co-owner) are Hawai'i transplants. My son ate the pork tonkatsu and shrimp katsu combo and I ate the pork tonkatsu curry and rice. Delicious. You grind sesame seeds and mix it with the slightly spicy tonkatsu sauce. This sauce mix sets this restaurant apart from the rest. My son tried the melon float which was very yummy.Price is a little more than the average "plate lunch". My dish was $13 and I believe my son's was $16-$17. Spend a few more dollars eating there instead of in the slot machine!I am definitely a fan and will make many more trips there. I hope more Vegas locals and Hawai'i ppl give this place a try.One more plus, their music playing is Kalapana, C&K, IZ....enough said!Best of luck to this new restaurant!Oh, man. I freaking love this place. I find katsu to be a comfort food, and if it were closer to home, I'd be a regular; alas, location is not on my side!My SO and I got a Chicken and Shrimp Katsu combo and the Pork Katsu Curry with rice and were very much satisfied with our meals. The miso soup had much more depth in comparison to others I've had before, and you can expect the portions to leave you feeling satisfied!Also, I quite like the ambiance of this place. It feels authentic; it's not tacky, it's tasteful. I don't know what we were thinking at the time, but we decided to order the Azuki Bean ice cream even when we were super-stuffed. I think it may be red bean? I'm not entirely sure! The important detail of this is that, I don't usually like red bean ice cream but can honestly say that this ice cream was the perfect taste to end our meal. Convincing enough for ya?Their sauce brings the katsu to perfection! I honestly wish I was skilled at grinding sesame seeds, because I think the sauce-to-seed ratio is essential in bringing out the ideal flavor. LOL. Anywhoways, THIS IS SOME GOOD KATSU! Try it.This place feels like home, food is awesome,  service is fantastic. I always start with their beef tataki, lightly seared on the outside with just the right amount of seasoning. Hire and shrimp is my favorite entree, everything's so nicely cooked and tender. Must try this place if you have never been here, you will fall in love just like me!Great place for Katsu. Basically it is breaded pork, chicken, or shrimp. I got the chicken katsu with curry over rice. It was a thick and juicy piece of chicken. My order was enough for 2! They gave me miso soup, but it was too salty so I didn't finish it.Excellent customer service. Very friendly, attentive, and courteous!This place is hidden behind a gas station but love the katsu from here. It is super moist and I love how it comes with miso soup and rice. I have tried both the pork and chicken katsu and I really liked both of them. I found this place because of my friend introducing me to it but became one of my favorite places to eat in vegas. I really love the katsu curry which has chunks of potato and carrots and is really a great addition to the katsu. The restaurant itself is small but it is nice to dine in or just to-go the food still tastes the same if you bring it home. Glad we have good restaurants in vegas and this is one of them.YUM YUM YUM!!  We've tried everything on the menu.  Hands down my favorite is the chicken katsu.  Super fresh, always moist.  Perfectly breaded and fried.  This is THE tokatsu place to go to. You can taste the oil is changed out frequently which I appreciate.  The apps are just ok.  I'd say just stick with the tonkatsu since it really is the star.  The shredded cabbage with the tangy dressing is a nice compliment to the fried meat and carb-y rice. Love that you can make your own dipping sauce.  It's also good entertainment (and may help build your appetite) while waiting for food to come out.  Order the melon float after if you have room to spare.  Kind of reminds me of a Melona bar - not too sweet or heavy. The restaurant is always clean and service is always nice.  Sometimes a tad slow but it's ok - it's a small family run place!  Just relax and enjoy. Thank you for having such a limited menu but executing so well. (beats those restaurants that have a million things on the menu but nothing tastes good)  Also thanks for great ventilation. None of that "stinky Chinese food place" smell on your clothes when you leave. Make the trip if you haven't yet - who can pass up deliciously fried meat?!?Best place if you want to enjoy katsu!  The husband this place a few months back and said I needed to try this place.  I'm not a katsu lover but  I love the katsu here.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted and we sat on the table.  The menu size is perfect.  I always get overwhelmed by large menus.  We ordered our food and we started to grind the sesame for our tonkatsu sauce. They should have asked if this was our first time, because I wouldn't have known what to do with the muddle.  Good thing the hubby showed me what to do! We ordered the beef tataki. It was really good, portion was smaller than expected but still good with the ponzu.  We ordered the Japanese potato salad and that was tasty.  The apples gave it a sweet kick! I ordered the salmon and ebi katsu and hubby enjoyed the chicken and ebi katsu.  Everything was perfect.  The breading was crispy and perfect! You have to have good breading for the perfect katsu.  The chicken and shrimp was not overcooked.  It was so soft and moist.  The chicken just melt in your mouth! I also added the hot mustard in the katsu sauce and it gave the sauce a nice hot kick. Yummy! I definitely enjoyed this place and I want to go back for the katsu curry! Every table around us ordered that dish. Its been two hours since lunch and I want more!The food here was big and filing! I would probably eat here again when I'm really really hungry though. I have been here once before and ordered katsu with curry but this time I ordered chicken katsu. The order comes with a side of miso soup, rice, salad, and also  a plus-green tea icecream (because the ac was broken). Anyways, I definately recommend this place.LOVE this restaurant!  It is in our neighborhood, and after hearing good things, my husband I decided to go check it out on a date night. Be forewarned, this is a SMALL restaurant... I'm talking about six tables.  Usually this would deter me a bit, but somehow, it worked toward the charm of this place.  It is comfy and cozy, and the Hawaiian music playing in the background made me very nostalgic as I longed for another trip back.Now onto the food.  I ordered the salmon and shrimp.  It was amazing!!!  Everything was super fresh, the miso soup was perfect, and it's so fun to get to make your own sauce!  The breading on the salmon and pork is seriously outstanding.  Not greasy at all... Nice and light, and crisp.  I later found out that this is due in part to the owner's sourcing of fresh panko... Not the hard, dry kind we buy at the grocery store.And please, if you like potato salad even a bit, order it here!!!  It's the owner's grandmother's recipe, and it's so unique and delicious.  Potato salad with chunks of apples and slices of cucumber?  Somehow, it totally works!The service was just as awesome as the food.  Being newbies, our waitress was super helpful, and the owner went around to every table, including ours.  He is so kind and personable!  We will be back many times in the future!I'm pretty sure me and my husband are a regular here! Since I've been pregnant, I've been craving their curry katsu every week. Also, a good mention is their appetizers, such as Japanese fried chicken, crab and cucumber salad, shishito peppers, and deep friend soft shell crab, which is a special for now ( not listed on the menu you have to ask for it ). Portion sizes are always huge for me, but great for my big husband. Lol Mark, his wife, daughter, and other employees are great, always received great service from day one. I was hesitant to write this review, because I do wish them good, and busy revenue - since it's a smaller restaurant, I hope they do save us a spot for us haha. ;-) I honestly recommend this to everyone, and I do in person. Their katsu is always crispy, not too greasy, and always wanting you to come back for more! Thanks Mark for opening this spot. :-)We just moved into the area and after a long day of moving we decided to step out for dinner since our place is still in shambles . This place is a diamond in the rough . Wow one of the best places I've been , super friendly, amazing food I had the pork dumbori Katsu . Must try!! Also the melon cream soda is so good especially I am not a soda drinker and I still ordered one . I will def come backThis place has the most delicious chicken katsu I've ever had. I'm always hesitant about getting katsu anywhere else now. Tonkatsu Kiyoshi's Chicken katsu dish is composed of filling portions of perfectly crunchy and tender chicken, rice, miso soup, and a cabbage salad - and it is all delicious!

Pepper Steak with OnionsI've also had a whole fish dish there, but I forgot the name. Really good. I've had other dishes, but those stand out for me. I rated this place as moderate in price, but that's only because I always order two dishes or more, because I love having left overs for the next day. The food is actually extremely well priced, especially the lunch menu, which you can get a great dish and rice and I believe an egg roll for under $7. The staff is friendly, if a bit tired-seeming once in a while.  

Shrimp Tempura Roll w/ Spicy Tuna on top ($15)- Omg....this is what love tastes like....this roll was so incredible we had 3 (feel free to call us drunken hefers) 

The Original: Also goodGet the full montagu and earl's club definitely. 2 mornings in a row we got the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich too - really really good. They serve breakfast until 11, but you can get the other sandwiches any time you want. The kona coffee they serve is also pretty good :). We will be back!!!We were looking for something to satisfy our hunger and walking into the Miles Mall this was the first place we ran into. There wasn't a line as we went there on a Saturday afternoon. You can pick your sandwich and add chips and drink to your order. They give you the buzzer and you wait for your sandwich to get done.I ordered the All American sandwich, which had roasted turkey and cranbarry sauce in it. It was very tasty and everybody else liked their sandwiches too. It tasted very fresh and the bread was soft in the inside and crunchy on the outsite. Prices are reasonable and staff is friendly and helpfull. Would definitely go back there.Ah yes, Earl of Sandwich. Every Vegas mans hangover preference. All I have to say is, FULL MONTAGUE! (and tomato soup... With lots of water, mind you) will cure that hangover.Earl of sandwich claims to have the world's greatest hot sandwich.  Well John Montagu, you are correct sir.  This place has amazing sandwiches.  My favorite is the caprese.  Simple, yet delicious.  My wife's favorite is the BLT.  The sandwiches only come in one size.  They aren't huge, but they are large enough.  My wife and I each get a sandwich and then spit a yogurt parfet for dessert.  The are reasonably priced, giving you more money for the casino's.I ate lunch here twice during a two-day stay in Las Vegas, and i recommend you make this your go-to lunch place. Located right on the strip, in the Planet Hollywood, just to the left of the main entrance to the Miracle Mile Mall. This is a great first meal of the day, to energize you for the casinos, or cure your hangover from the night before. To order, line up, order your meal, continue in line to pay and order a drink. If you arrive at peak lunch time, expect a crowd. However, for the amount of traffic, they are extremely efficient. If you're in a group, have one person scout out a table, because the seats are taken quickly. To eat, the sandwiches are good, but the prices are ever better: five dollars for a medium-sized sandwich. There are also wraps, salads, and soups. Although I did not try a wrap or a salad, i can say that the Veggie sandwich was delicious, and that the "Vegetable" and "Cheddar and Broccoli" soups are so thick, that they no longer taste like a healthy option. All of the meals, including soups, are wrapped expertly, and labeled, for easy take-away. Pro Tip: While you're at Earl of Sandwich, order coffees, and sit playing Penny Slots, while watching tv. Beware of the annoying Wheel of Fortune Countdown "5..4...3...2...1" at one of the surrounding machines. Also, if not given a buzzer to claim your meal, hold onto your receipt as it has a number on it to claim your meal.After blowing all your money on gambling and other crazy stuff that Vegas has to offer, you can bet that this spot offers a really good deal that won't dent your wallet too much.  It's also open 24 hours, which means you can use any excuse in Vegas to eat here anytime.  Our favorites would be the All American and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken; the best $13 I ever spent in Vegas. The best part is probably the toasted bread and each sandwich is amazingly hot and tasty..!Have you ever seen "FRIENDS" the show? Remember how Joey mentioned that the meatball sandwich he had was as good as sex? Well this place definitely hits the spot!! A wide selection, open I THINK 24 hours (we came here after the club at 5 am, so it has to be open 24hrs), and just really good and affordable!!For me I wanted something different so I chose the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich. The sandwich has Grilled Chicken, Roasted Red & Banana Peppers & Spicy Jerk Sauce. AS a hot sandwich it was FABULOUS. the bread was crispy but NOT hard. The Chicken was moist and all the toppings just tasted fresh. Move over SUBWAYS and TOGO's...I have a new love for sandwiches thanks to Earl. Why can't there be one here in California?!I would recommend this to all my friends to definitely check out. It is affordable, the lines are long but doesn't take long, delicious, fresh and just enough to hit the spot and satisfy you for a good lunch! I give earl a 5 stars, best sandwich place I've ever been to in a while :-)During our quick stay in Vegas this past weekend, we stumbled into Earl of Sandwich for a 3am bite!  The simple fact that Earl of Sandwich is amazing is one matter, but the second fact that Earl of Sandwich is opened 24 hours - this simply makes the world a better place! Yum yum! Why isn't there an Earl of Sandwich in OC? Or in LA at the very least!  WHYYYY!?!?!  This time, the bf ordered the Club sandwich again.  I ordered the original Earl of Sandwich with the sandwich sauce instead of their mustard, and WOW!  How can a sandwich taste this good?  And, why does Earl of Sandwich have to be so far?  I'm not sure that this long-distance relationship thing is going to work out and it is very upsetting to me!  Just the thought of Earl of Sandwich breaks my heart as the taste is still imprinted in my memories and taste buds.  Until next time... Earl of Sandwich, wait for me!  I promise that I am worth the wait as you are worth the wait for my next trip to Vegas! Let's try to make this work!This has got to be the best sandwich place I've eaten at by far ...in Vegas! I always get the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Sandwich because its so bomb dude! Drunk or sober as fuck!! The bread is nice n toasty, chicken cooked to perfection with melted cheese all over.. 

The atmosphere was clean without feeling all "clinical" and relaxed without feeling sloppy and lazy. My nerves were put at ease immediately. Heather sat me down and knew exactly what I was aiming for. I was stoked.Sitting in Heather's chair was relaxing and we really had a good conversation about all sorts of things while she worked on me. We laughed, we cried, we had wine and cheese, we sang showtunes...

My husbands car was due for his 30,000 service about two months later so I called and asked if they would honor thd discounted price on his as well and the answer was yes!! So, just yesterday, we had that done and they had his car in and out in no time and did not try to sell anything extra. 

They also are able to manage a long line in the drive thru very efficiently, you'll be surprised how quickly you can move through.The employees here are ALWAYS genuinely super friendly. Get the grilled cheese animal style and fries well done. You're welcome.I've had the best fast food experiences here, in n out is known for their excellent customer service so what I've experienced is not uncommon.  I can't remember a time that my order was wrong and even the long lines aren't as much of a drag as other fast food places.  Couldn't recommend their food enough, the double double is my favorite.Best fast food (if you want to call it that) burger around. I have been to In-N-Out at least 1,000 times, in 4 different states, and at least +30 locations; and they are all the same every time! I love you In-N-out!I can tell In-N-Out Burger has extremely high standards because the service is always amazing and the burgers are in a league of their own.  What really keeps me going back is the service chicks who operate the voice box/ window.  They're unusually friendly for  human beings who live in the 21st century.  I mean, it's like they have no stresses and simply love operating a burger window.  It's almost as if  it's their "calling".  All joking aside, In-N-Out has top-notch customer service.  Great job!!!I love In-N-Out!!! This location is awesome. The staff is extremely friendly. It can get busy, so I would recommend going durning the off times.Best place to get a protein burger and vanilla shake. The staff is always friendly but today our cashier Madison went above and beyond when my son was being cranky while I was trying  to order. She gave him stickers and a hat. Thanks for helping to calm him down.It's a clean, friendly, yummy place for the famous In N Out taste. Don't forget the hidden menu- get it animal style.Finding an in-n-out right off the freeway in Arizona was a pleasant surprise. Even more so, even amongst the hustle and bustle, having an associate ask about how your meal was multiple times and promptly cleaning up your table earns this location five well deserved stars!This place is right off the I-10 and it can get extremely busy! Surprisingly, the line moves quickly. The food is fresh and delicious. The Double-Double is my favorite item. I recommend you add grilled onions to your burger.They have the address wrong on here. It's actually 1607 N. Dysart Rd., North of the I-10 not South.I was having work done on my car, so I was actually with my mom when we went. We had just visited Estrella Mountain Community College right down the street from here--I was finishing up my new-hire paperwork (I will be teaching there now :) and my mom is actually going back to add a certificate onto her degree in Criminal Justice. Since she desperately needed her car cleaned and doesn't like to go to these car washes by herself (I don't blame her!) we decided to stop by Full Circle really quick.We pulled up and told them what we needed. Not one soul approached us about our windshield, like many other reviewers said. Maybe this was their day off? Who knows... The guys where you pull up were extremely nice and took care of us. They told her they would shampoo her floor mats, wash her car, and then wax it--about an hour of work in total. She thought the price of $29.99 was decent for that, and she also got a $3 military discount. We went over to Pei Wei to eat lunch while we waited.When we came back to pay, they ended up charging my mom only $13.99 for all the work they had done. We were pretty shocked by that, since we're used to being over-charged rather than under-charged! Again, maybe we just got super lucky, but it worked out well for us. They did a great job, so she tipped them well on top of the great price to make up for our good luck.Her car ended up looking really great. There was still some dog fur inside, but I know it's hard to vacuum every last fur up. For the price, I wouldn't really complain. I've had much worse vacuuming jobs at other places, like Danny's Car Wash (do they even vacuum at all there?) Funny that that came to mind, because last time I went to Danny's they screwed me over regarding chips in my windshield. Haven't been back since... just thought that was an interesting idea, considering all the windshield horror stories I've seen in other reviews about Full Circle.One last note-- the air freshener/scent stuff she chose didn't smell like much at all. Just something to keep in mind...Overall, we had a great experience here. Maybe they've improved after having all of these terrible reviews? It wasn't very busy at all, so maybe we got lucky or they are trying to turn their service around... I couldn't say from first-hand experience since this was my first time going there.Went in today with my husband to get a oil change and a car wash . I must say I was worried after reading some of the reviews here but the wait time at the dealership was way too long today. The car came out very clean considering the mess it was in before I got there and the oil change plus replace all my filters took about 20 minutes but the best part was the manager (Xavier I believe this name was ) explained everything that was going on with my car and did not did me like a complete idiot just because I am a woman, he took his time to explain why my car needs certain things and what is not needed to be done yet  . You have won a customer for life thanksOh my goodness, Ice Cream Cookie Sandwiches!And again...Oh my goodness, Ice Cream Cookie Sandwiches!And not just plain old ice cream cookies---giant, homemade cookies--a few different types.  And you get to pick which cookies you want (you can mix them too!) and then have them fill them with your selection of ice cream (did somebody say rocky road??)This is my favorite dessert recommendation for Mill Avenue...actually, this might be my favorite dessert recommendation for Tempe.It's unpretentious, friendly, delicious, and you can't eat the ice cream cookies without getting a little messy (which I think is a plus--not *too* messy of course).I was looking for a place to get some gifts for friends, and since I was looking for bakery goods, I stumbled upon this one on Yelp.  Although it didn't seem to fit my gift needs, with so many good reviews, I had to check it out.The place is VERY unassuming.  Complete hole in the wall.  That is either a very good sign, or a very bad one.  Luckily for me, it was the former.The man working when I visited (owner?) was very friendly and let me know all of my options.  With limited $$ and belly-room, I knew I would have to come back.  It was the ice cream cookie sandwich promise that drove me there in the first place, so I decided to satisfy that on this trip.The cookies are GOOD.  So good!  I actually regret getting the ice cream sandwich because I would have rather focused on the cookie by itself!  Ohhhhhh, *nom*nom*nom*When I go back, I think I'll have to get a cookie and a lemonade.  Or maybe an Italian ice.  Or maybe a fruit smoothie.  So many options!  But I will definitely have the presence of mind to buy some cookies to bring home next time!Keep in mind there is almost no place to sit.  There was a table with a chair or two inside, and a table with 3 chairs outside.  Not a place to go with a big group of friends and have a sit-down chat.Please visit!  I love Cookiez and want it to stay around a long time!How this place stays afloat is beyond me. It is just so tiny. But in that tiny little space, that man packs a PUNCH of greatness! He is so nice and seems so happy to be there! The cookies are so fresh, and he will tell you his faves. The prices are super reasonable.. you can get a half cookie sandwich! He is not a cheapee, he will let you pay for a small amount, and he even OFFERS it! So sweet to the kids, great Iced tea, my only wish is that this place was bigger. But then he would have to raise his prices and stop offering me half cookie sandwiches that totally hit the spot in all the right places! Super job, sir, I hope you stay around forever!I finally had my long awaited treat from Cookiez on Mill. I was not disappointed. The homemade cookies were great and the ice cream was superb. Put them together and you have an awesome ice cream cookie sandwich. You can choose from several different cookie and ice cream combinations. The cookies are a pretty good size. Don't have the guts to eat a regular ice cream sandwich? Well, you're in luck, you can get a 1/2 order, 1 cookie split in half with ice cream in between. Even this is a decent size serving for one person.You can also get shakes, smoothies, italian ice/gelato here. I was happy to also see bottled Coke (a personal favorite) in the fridge, among the bottled plastic sodas and water!  I saw a sign on the wall that there is fresh squeezed lemonade served.I enjoy Cold Stone as much as the next person, but do yourself a favor and bypass Cold Stone and go next door to get a ice cream cookie sandwich here. I just wish the place was bigger with some more seating inside/outside for the patrons! There is only one small table with four chairs inside.Homemade cookies and homemade ice creams, two delicious snacks married together to make one over the top delicious dessert. They are big enough to share and cost as much as one scoup of ice cream at the big chain next door. My new favorite is two sugar cookies with rich and delicious german chocolate cake ice cream! Yes...german chocolate cake ice cream!Go, and go now.The oldish man who owns the store is as sweet as can be.  Perhaps sweeter than the cookies or ice cream.Here's the lowdown: Giant ice cream cookie sandwiches for super cheap.  The flavor permutations are basically endless.  I had snickerdoodle with cookies and cream ice cream.  It was marvelous.Went to this place because of diddy riese in Westlake. First thing I noticed, it was right next to some other large ice cream shop, which was empty. I expected a similar turnout at Cookiez, but it was "packed" with 6 people. Once you get in there, you'll see what I mean. The problem is the menu, it seems to be a little here and a little there. The flavors were on the left, the prices were on the right. 

Love the fast paced vibe of the salon, complete with a snacks and beverage bar, a behind the scenes area to take before and after pictures, and edgy dressers and hair stations with mini scissors as drawer knobs.

Some people who never been a server doesn't understand how crazy working at a restaurant is on a busy night. I see they're trying their best and I'm happy that they are respectful and responsible.

You fill out your registration form on a computer-nice. 

I grew up in phoenix and this place use to be a cool restraunt called Bobby McGees, so i went here to see how it changed and wow! :-)Great place for meat lovers!  My friend ordered the rib combo and I had the 14 oz. medium rib steak with two sides -- Mac & Cheese and Roasted Corn.  The succulent steak hits the spot with every bite!  You can't go wrong.  Bobby-Q used to be known as Bobby McGee.  Go Bobby-Q!!!I have to agree with the other fantastic ratings

- beautiful mountain views from the 15th floor

- Shrooms

I highly recommend Chicken Latino, and would be happy if they'd open a few more locations in the Eastern , Western , Northern  and Southern parts of Pittsburgh.Such a wonderful restaurant if you want a larger meal for lunch or dinner. The food is really flavorful, and is a nice mix between American and Peruvian style. My favorites are the huge chicken quesadilla, and the massive chicken salad. Though "salad" is a rough description of this behemoth. Tons of chicken and steak fries on top of it, and then a mountain of cheese. Simply wonderful. And the green chili sauce makes everything better, and can clear out your sinuses.Got the 1/4 chicken and rice and beans. Chicken and rice have a great flavor. Green sauce is feet in the beans. Caution the sauce is really hot. Will be a regular spot for me.This Is simply the BEST! I love it here, by far my favorite joint in the strip. They provide quick service, exceptional food, and always a smile upon checkout. I get take out a couple times a week at Chicken Latino and I have never been disappointed! You guys are the best!!We need to talk about Chicken Latino.A friend recommended it to me when I first moved to the city. I got 1/4 chicken and rice and I thought "wow, this is actually really good." Then I started getting their quesadillas. These things are HUGE and taste AMAZING! One day, I was really in the mood for some chicken and fries, so I ordered their chicken sandwich, not really expecting much. Boy, was I wrong! Even that was amazing!The staff here is also super friendly. They have never been anything short of kind and welcoming, even when they're slow during the day. I recommend Chicken Latino all the time to people visiting the Strip District. Come to think of it, it's been a while since I've been there. I need to make a trip soon!This place is literally the best food I've had in a long time, amazing service, I couldn't have asked for a better experienceGreat casual spot. The chicken is always perfect and at a great price. I have never tried anything from the "American food" menu, but the puffy and soft chicken burritos are phenomenal.Great experience here. Service and staff were friendly and great. We couldn't decide what to get, so we ordered quarter chicken with rice and beans and a chicken burrito and split it (2 people). We had food leftover. Everything was great tasting. The bathroom was not the cleanest, but it was acceptable.  We wished we would have ordered the specials that they had going on at the time, which the table next to us ordered. Honestly can't remember what they were, but they looked great, so take a risk and order them next time. We love the atmosphere in the Strip District in general. The doors/windows are usually open and it's a very casual atmosphere. Would go back and try new things. Prices are good for the portions.These guys catered our office's lunch today.  I've eaten their food before a few times (excellent) but I've never had their catering.  We had chicken quarters, roast pork, black beans, and yellow rice.  There was plenty of the green sauce to dollop on everything.  The food was excellent - a cut above standard lunch fare.  Chicken was well seasoned and juicy, rice was well-prepared and beans were scratch-made.  The real surprise was the pulled pork - outstanding!  Very deep flavor and tender.  Definitely worth a look.  I do wish there was also a salad or a slaw to offset the richness, but I think it wasn't ordered in lieu of additional pork (I'm not complaining either).  The Owners of the company I work for definitely scored some additional goodwill with this one.The price : perfect.

-Mixed Vegetables

& chicken fried rice 

Definitely worth the trip fee!Awesome  guys quick service, i world recommend Them 100%, they came to my house really professionally and took care of business, explained everything and fixed it quick, they don't mess around!My dryer stopped working. After checking Yelp and Angie's list, with all 5 star reviews,I called Absolute. Rom answered on a Sunday and since I did not not need my dryer  fixed ASAP and it was not an emergent issue, I was scheduled for Monday morning. Rom was prompt and fixed my dryer. He had the parts needed and replaced them. He even cleaned the area behind the dryer which was very dusty. I highly recommend Rom and would definitely use him again.I am extremely happy with Rom the technician from Absolute Appliance Services.  He AND his colleague went above and beyond to fix my Bosch dishwasher that HAD been throwing error codes for a LONG time.   It is a tricky issue with this brand/model of dishwasher (I know, I've TRIED to research and fixing but never could) but through perseverance Rom was able to get to the bottom of things.  Looks like a lot of other people have had this issue as well.  He cleaned the entire dishwasher while looking for the problem.  He used his knowledge and expertise and fixed it!  No more errors!  I feel the pricing is very fair.  I'm a Realtor and will definitely refer him because I must only refer licensed and insured tradesmen/women.  Thanks Rom and Absolute!Rom from Absolute Appliance is the best tech in Las Vegas. I will definitely use him for any of my rental properties appliance repair or installation.Absolute Appliance is absolutely the BEST!!!  I can't say enough how awesome the techs are and the service they provide.  

President of Addiction Overcome, Inc., a non-profit foundation

I highly recommend the calamari! It's very good and comes with 2 types of sauce. 

Back at the pool at 10am.

Chicken Salad Sandwich--Homemade Fried Potato Chips, Small Greens Salad 5/5

On my side of town this is THE BEST pizza joint.I love this place because I can make it anyway I like and it's so fast and everybody is fired up and motivated if you have never been here you know to stop what your doing and go there for lunch.... Save me a sliceShout out to our host Nikki for putting this together. And big ups to Jazzy and Brad for being awesome and attentive with the food and drinks. Brad ran down all the things poppin about this place, the specials they offer, etc. he was so nice.And Jazzy! Maaaan this chick was super dope. She made sure I got the first serving when she brought out the tray: "hold on everyone, Tieren gets the first plate" Ain't that something! I won a certificate for 1 hour of bowling. Even if I didn't win that I'd come back anyway. I love the old school games upstairs. So spacious. What's nice is you can rent out large sections of the place for private events too.Oh! And the food! Here's what I'm going back for:Chicken & Waffles

Off to Gordon Ramsay Pub where we had a tour of the pub and a tasting of sine beer and appetizers. I am not a drinker (outside of diet coke) but I enjoyed the beer. The deviled egg was pretty tasty too.

Its a great place for grazing, if that's your style. Service was friendly and attentive. The Bleau-Burger was fantastic! A bit messy, but worth it.  Something called "Grilled Tacos" was way better than it sounded - a flavor-packed treat.  Calamari very good, and piping hot. All in all - we thoroughly enjoyed the evening.  And will be back for HH this Friday.I'm not sure what the other reviews are talking about, I've eaten here several times since it reopened and the food is better than it was under the old label.Their steaks are delicious and fairly priced. I've actually never had anything bad here, it's all been delicious. And that pretzel, definitely order it. Did I mention how good the steak is? Bonus- it comes with a side, so you don't have to order and pay for on a la carte like some of he other steakhouses in town. The interior provides for a great atmosphere for relaxing with friends. I've always found the service to be really good, and the food far above average.Definitely give pink pony a try, it's delicious, reasonably priced American food!!!   Oh and hey make their own beer and fireball-like shots; try those!Great homemade fresh food.  Great atmosphere and terrific service.  Would definitely come back!Great place to eat, food is always delicious and the staff is excellent !!!I had the blue burger and my husband had the Umami burger..we cut the burgers into quarters so we could share..the burgers were juicy..run down your arms juicy..alrhough his was very good I loved mine of course he felt the same about his meal..I have to say these burgers were probably the best we have ever had and we ended up each bringing home half our burgers..we split the pecan pie with bourbon ice cream..heavenly..even though I was stuffed I couldn't stop eating it..yum..going back for the not your grandmas mothers day brunch..can't waitLast night Sandra and I went to the Pony with my brother. We had a 7:15 reservation and we parked around the corner at complimentary valet.  Nice. 



I highly recommend the Bacon Bourbon Bloody Mary!Great food, great atmosphere and our server Miranda was the best. Looking forward to next visit.Tom's Urban was recommended by a friend of mine. It did not disappoint. Really good menu and the prime rib sliders were the shizz. (That's teenager slang for "good.") But most of all our server Miranda was frickin awesome. I said we should be best friends. She seemed hesitant. But I get it. It's Vegas after all. She needs to be cautious. I am concerned that the road trip sandwiches are available as a dine-in option. Feels like false advertising. But that's just politics.We have been to TU twice during our stay in Vegas. Food is Amazing. The unlimited mimosas are a bargain on the strip. I hope you get Nate as your server. He's on top of it. The best service we've experienced here. #NateRulesThis is probably one of my new favorite places to eat and hang out when I come and visit. Kudos to the chef on the Avocado Shrimp Salad, it was really fresh and well composed. The best part was the patio seating and our server, I think his name was Nate. It was a really cool atmosphere and his service was on point. He was really personable, not like your typical Robot server you generally get. After we finished our apps, the main course came right on queue. Seriously great service and overall experience.

Hibiscus beer, pepper beer, vanilla stout, it all works for me.This is exactly the sort of place you come to meet your friends and just hang out. Nights are VERY busy and bustle-y and the noise level and music can be deafening at times, but if you're looking for a spot to chill out with a friend over an afternoon or apres-work beer, then this is the spot for you. No attitudes, an older laid-back 30-something crowd, no annoying teens,  decent tunes, great drinks, what's there not to love?I travelled to Montreal last week from NYC on what was my first solo venture in a long, long time. The one great thing about travelling alone is also the biggest problem: every decision is yours. You can do what ever you want but then again there's never a moment when someone says, "Let's do 'X'," and you just go, "OK". 

Dinner (Daily, 3 p.m. - 10 p.m.): $45.99 on weekdays, $50.99 on weekendsFOOD

all of them are in perfect condition I picked out a pair of the most adorable booties  which are in perfect conditionI chose 3 seriously cute extremely soft baby blankets that are perfect One of my favorite items I chose is the 

After ordering my usual boneless chicken wings with garlic Parmesan sauce, I decided to order a special sandwich for later in the evening. OK you take some philly steak (no onions), add bacon, add more bacon, bake with buffalo mozzarella, and add some chipotle mayo for kick. 

My husband had an omelette and he too was impressed and satisfied. 

I then had the Black Bass paried with an Assyrtiko. The bass, which was cooked beautifully, but had a bit too much salt on the skin. It was served with the Cauliflower Mousseline which was exquisite.

I also won 1800 bucks at a slot machine in their casino, so I'M NOT GONNA COMPLAIN!

since I could remember...To me it needs

clean bathroom.

2. Wait staff are always sweet, fast and attentive 

Food 5 stars.

Food - excellent

店員服務態度很好，會不斷關心我們需要什麼或是換網子，整體消費體驗很好！

Service was friendly, food came out in great time. Hot  and tasty!

Plenty of room,  nice clean place and great service.Perfect Panang Curry, awesome Drunken Noodles, fresh spring rolls, and the best Pho I've found in Vegas. Love this place! Update: I can't stop craving their pineapple curry and pad Thai!!Tina is AMAZING! She goes above and beyond for her clients and make sure you're well taken care of. Her work is amazing and creative, and she can capture almost anything! I would highly recommend her to EVERYONE!We couldn't be any happier with Tina's services! So professional and so much fun to work with.. Tina made sure she accommodated our every need until the very end. Thank you!!Tina was wonderful! She not only

Step inside: Paneled walls like it's some cheapskate's wreck room who refuses to remodel. Two dining rooms of tables, 1st one has a counter you can sit at and watch your sammich get assembled. Choose your meat: steak, corned beef, pastrami, etc... I've only ever gotten the pastrami.  Why change a good thing? Which actually is the philosophy behind the entire establishment.

nice clean atmosphere.  very pretty.  not too pretentious.

I will be a repeat customerThis is my first time actually using some else's recommendation and I'm glad I did.  Very tasty food, good portions and reasonable prices.  It was the best money I've spent on Chinese food in Charlotte to date.Tran was AMAZING! Our baby was a bit shy, but after some chocolate and speed walking he finally cooperated.  Even though she was totally booked and running late, she took the time to make sure we got a slew of great pictures.  She seemed to enjoy the process almost as much as we did - giggling at his chubby cheeks and kissy faces.  I highly recommend My Sunshine Baby!Wow! What an awesome, wonderful, beautiful experience. She was so sweet and excited with us to see our baby moving. We watched out sweet baby move for a long time on a large flat screen tv in a tranquil room with relaxing music. She really loved people and babies and made the experience so special for us. She even wrote the gender down on an envelope for us and didn't even slip :) we saw so many cool things and didn't feel rushed at all. I would recommend My Sunshine Baby to anyone. We did this on a whim and I'm so glad we did!! Definitely going back with our next baby :)We went here today to get a 16-week 3D/4D ultrasound done. It's not an actual medical facility, but rather a place where moms and dad to be can see a more detailed ultrasound of their baby and determine the sex of the child prior to the typical 18 weeks (they say they can do it as soon as 11 weeks sometimes).Fan is the ultrasound technician here - they only have one room, but that's a good thing. You get her undivided attention for the session, which lasted about 45 minutes. The room is very comfortable and inviting - much different than going to an OB office. She took the time to get the best angles of the baby for our DVD and CD full of 77 photos. We got several color and black/white prints, as well as a teddy bear with the baby's actual heartbeat recorded inside it.I can't recommend Fan and My Sunshine Baby enough. This was a great experience, and a great deal at only $115.I could not imagine a better place to get my 3d/ 4d ultrasound done. I felt a hundred percent comfortable with Fan. I can tell she really loves what she does. I recommend this place to any and every one. Seeing your baby for the first time is a wonderful experience, and it is even better when you have someone who is high spirited to help you with the process. The prices are the best in town, and are a true bargain for the experience. I got my ultrasound done at 32 weeks, it was absolutely amazing.Love this place...The lady is always so kind and professionals!!!

We had 3 pizzas- corn, veggie, and a veggie with chillies on it. All 3 were great, we actually had a discussion to determine which one was better. 

I wouldn't try anywhere else. This place is great!Vadim always takes care of me. The setting is old school with a new school flair. I have a very tight schedule and they always get me In and out quickly. The prices are way less then the customer service you receive. I would and do recommend to everyone I meet. Vadim makes me feel like family as soon as I arrive and makes the whole experience seamless and professional. If you want a great haircut and shave go see Vadim for sure!Have been coming here now for almost a year and will continue to be a customer as long as they are open. Vadim knows exactly what to do with a guys hair-- especially those of us who are a little thinner on top than we used to be. Whenever I come in I get my hair cut and my mustache and beard trimmed by Vadim and he has always been perfect! And it's also good to have a 'guy' place to go. However, my daughter got her hair cut here by Diane and she did an excellent job. My son even got his hair cut and liked it.After getting cuts from all the guys at V's I had a chance to try Marina. She is friendly and efficient and makes recommendations she thinks might look good on you. He consistent cuts keep me comming back.By far the best haircut experience I've ever had. Was greeted by Jack as I walked in who asked several questions about my style before cutting my hair. He made a couple suggestions which turned out very well. No wait on this Saturday morning at 9 AM but I've heard wait times can get long later in the day.I will definitely be returning.Can't go wrong with Vadim.  Always does a great job.  I've never had to wait when I scheduled an appointment first.Very professional staff who all do great work. Been going to Vadim here for over a year, even had him do my shave and haircut on my wedding day. Amazing experience every time I go in.Marina has been cutting my hair here for several months.  I get a medium-reg Marine haircut and she nails it every time.  The last shop I found that knew how to do this haircut that good was about 14 years ago just outside Ft. Leonard Wood, MO.  I was stationed in San Diego for three years and With all the Marine bases there, I never found a barber that even came close to what she does.  She uses hot towels and a straight razor to give the closest razor fade possible.  She is incredibly focused and gets it just right.  I love how fresh and clean I feel after a haircut from her!  Marina is from Russia and they speak a little Russian in this shop.  I enjoy her accent and hearing that language spoke.  A couple weeks ago when I was in, I heard a customer or two had complained about the staff here speaking Russian.  These are some of the nicest, most professional barbers I have ever met.  They are fluent in English as well.  They are only speaking some in Russian because it is natural for them, and is easier for them to communicate some between themselves.  I assure everyone, they are not speaking badly of any of their customers. There are hundreds of barbershops to choose from in the valley.  If you don't want the best, then go somewhere else!  If you want the best haircut you can possibly get, this is the place to go!Cant even say enough about Marina. Shes always booked. That says it all. Shes that good. Would highly recommendVadim is the man. I finally found a great barber! All the staff seems friendly and place is clean and organized.I've been coming to V's for over four years now and for good reason. Marina does an excellent job with my hair. You definitely feel like part of a family when you enter this barbershop. Highly recommend making an appointment, as this place can get busy real fast. You can't go wrong with any barber here that you choose.My son comes to this place for haircuts, now I know why.

 It is very new. The pool area is excellent with two TVs underneath a pavilion, two gas grills, A double-sided fireplace with the hot tub on one side in couches and chairs on the other side. The pool is never too crowded and has four cabanas that are almost always available. It also has a lounging area with shade and couches with flowing water right next to it. 

Awesome customer service.

It's on Flamingo in between Pecos and McCleod in the Renaissance shopping center. [you can't miss the shopping center, it's huge]

Friendly and fast service and sick food: we had oysters, saba, edamame (recommended by our server for being unique; it was), a couple robatayaki skewers and a platter of super-fresh nigiri. My wife said he wanted to move in upstairs and eat there every day.

We went for happy hour and took advantage of some of the specials but also ordered off the main menu. 

3. The catfish is the bomb.com! The cornbread coating was crispy and not oily at all.

Only real complaint was that the waiter wouldn't stop trying to up-charge, but maybe that's just a sign of a good professional waiter. I can forgive that.

Smokey.

Mignardisesit is worth the splurge.  Really.  3 Michelin stars when Michelin was still in Vegas, it deserved every single one.Had a lovely dining experience for my birthday this evening. I thought i was gonna go for the full 16 or 17 plate course but decided i didn't think i would be able to finish it all. I chose the one appetizer and one main with dessert and it was plenty of food for me. For the appetizer, the caviar with salmon sparked my interest since i've never tried it before. I felt i'd either hate it or love it. And i loved it! Very rich, and the mixture of flavors were very pleasant to the palette.  My main was equally as delicious. I chose the beef bouffe i think thats what it was called

When you have companies like Terrible Herbst and Toyota referring them it speaks volumes about their work.  First Class Auto Glass truly is a First Class organization I highly recommend them.Amazing job! I gotta say I was very nervous about hiring a moving company. The previous experiences I had were pretty bad but these guys were great! For starters they  were 10 minutes early, courteous and very professional. Needless to say, I have a lot off stuff. They loaded 2 full trucks and the movers never got mad or discouraged. The owner actually brought 2 more men free of charge to help unload the truck. I was very happy and impressed with their service. I will def recommend Denali Moving. Thank you guys for a job well done.We had never experienced hiring moving company before. We usually rent a truck ourselves and search near and far for friends and family that will help us. I am so glad that we found Denali Moving. They were very professional and I felt like my belongings were in good hands. They took all the stress out of the loading and unloading. If and when we need to move again we will be using Denali Moving.I highly recommend this company. Luis and his crew provided me a great service. I moved locally from one side of town to another. I was amazed on how they moved my baby grand piano. They packed and moved all my stuff In only two days. They even took the furniture I didn't need and disposed of it for me. I couldn't be happier and that's why they r moving my son next! Thank you Denali Moving, great job!!I was in need of moving services and one of my friends recommended Denali.  The owner was professional and completed the job sooner than he estimated.  The price and service was excellent.  I had zero damage after they finished unloading. I would definitely use them again!I was recommended to Denali Moving by a friend.. They told me that if I needed movers these guys were the way to go.   Well, they were right! These dudes were really good! They were on time, incredibly fast and efficient.. Their system was very cool.. Joe the lead mover broke down the entire process for me and let me know exactly what was gonna happen and how he was gonna attack the move. He and his partner Rick made it easy for me. Next time I move Denali is my only choice..... ;-)Denali Moving has been a consistently great moving experience!  They have done a fantastic job moving myself, my girlfriend, and my company all in the past 2 years!They are easy to deal with and have the friendliest staff!  They were incredibly helpful with all of my moves.  They made life so easy by being on time, fast, and careful.  We didn't have a single issue!  Fast, easy, cost effective, and convenient!  What more could you want!I have and will continue to recommend this company to anyone in need of a move!I'd like to share our experience with Denali moving it has been a complete piece of mind knowing that my home goods were in the care of such meticulous movers!the owner was very helpful with accomplishing our long cross country move . The employees were very professional when picking up and at the delivery .When we discovered that the moving company offered services to ship our car we figured that would be the way to go without a doubt and we're so glad we not only saved putting the miles on our car but we saved a bunch of money in what would have been fuel costs. Last but not least our vehicle was delivered right to our house. I am more than satisfied with the service that I received. Not only would I use their services again but if anyone I know is moving I always recommend their services to my loved ones and friends.Thanks again for a job well done-JessicaFirst I would like to say I have moved many times in my entire life. The last time I moved myself I swore that I would pay somebody to move me because I was so burnt out from doing it. So the fact that move again I decided this time I would invest the movers I called a couple companies and I decided to go with Denali moving.  After getting some options through Denali I decided to have them pack and move me. The pack took only one day and then they were able to move me the following day.   I was really concerned with the moving aspect due to the fact I have a lot of high-end furniture but the movers took incredible care of my furniture I didn't have one item get left behind or broken. Compared to the price that I got from other moving companies they were extremely competitive and very accurate on their rates no hidden fees nothing like that. I'm hoping I don't have to move for another couple years but if I have to I'll definitely be using Denali movers again!!  Thanks again guys you guys are definite blessing!!!The best service!! I hired Denali Moving to move me from Las Vegas NV to the Orange County CA. The entire move was great. The movers were very experienced. I was worried that all my stuff wouldn't fit in one truck but to my pleasant surprise they were able to fit everything in without a problem..The movers were very fast and professional. Their attitudes were awesome. A big thank you to the entire Denali Staff. From the scheduling of the move to the move itself I was very satisfied. Great job guys!!First of all, moving is one thing I don't like doing at all. So when I had to move suddenly, I was not happy until a friend told me about Denali moving and how they made his move so easy and comfortable.  Luis and his crew were very professional and hard working.  They were able to finish extremely quick with no damage to my property.  If I ever have to move again,  I will definitely call Denali moving to move me once again.  Thanks again guys for the great moving experience.Really great moving company. With these guys - what you see is what you get. They won't nickel and dime their customers or charge them for petty things. They also include drive time in the overall charge so that's a huge plus! Really good people. I plan on using them again next month when I move.These movers showed up on time and moved our stuff carefully and efficiently at a reasonable price navigating very tight quarters without any damage to our walls, floors, or railings. We will hire them again when we need our things moved.A friend of mine recommended Denali Moving to me after a company I used in the past was unable to fit me into their schedule.  Even with such short notice and the holiday weekend they were able to fit me in and offer a great competitive price.  They showed up on time, always a plus, they were professional and got the job done quickly.  It was a great experience, would recommend them in the future.Used Denali for our big house move on 1/25/2015. They arrived ahead of schedule by almost an hour, which worked out great, because we were ready to go! We moved a three-bedroom house with all of our appliances and the Denali staff knocked it out. They were incredibly careful and all of our stuff made it in the move without an issue. They wrapped all of our furniture to avoid dings and you should see how talented they are at making everything fit on the truck. I thought there was no chance it would be a one-trip move, even in a 26-foot truck, but they made it! Fantastic group at Denali and thanks for all of your help (especially in setting up the appliances in our new house for us...that was awesome). Another note...our move was originally scheduled for 1/15/2015 and my wife and I had to cancel at the last minute due to a family emergency and push it back. The staff at Denali was incredibly understanding, pushed back the move for us to 1/25 and didn't complain at all and didn't charge us any fees (which we expected to pay). We really appreciated that, especially on late notice.Could not actually move us because their insurance was not up to par with our strict condo rules (will be soon though). However, when they realized they couldn't do it they actually set up another company with no relationship with them to do it for us. How nice is that!! Above & beyond service. Will use in future.THE BEST OF THE BEST!!!

Two White Shrimp Stuffed Hot Dogs, Asian Slaw, Cilantro Aioli  

treated with kindness and professionalism.  I love the excellent job they did

Service and food consistently quality.  Love the Brads scramble and veggie omlet!First timers: Minute we walked in we were greeted by a very upbeat man. Our waiter Rob is so helpful with me and my friends, gave us great recommendations on food and was very happy to serve us (always had a smile on). Food was amazing. Definitely coming back and bringing friends!Came on a Wednesday around 11:30 am and it was full but no line and we were seated right away. I had "the works" skillet and it was very flavorful. It included ham, bacon, sausage peppers, mushrooms, potatoes,  onions and cheese with 2 eggs and choice of toast or muffin. The breakfast potatoes are spicy but was happy to find out that you can order them plain. The service was very good and food came out at a reasonable time even during the time when the place was at full capacity. Looking forward to trying more items on the menu.When in need of a great breakfast place look no further! The prices are great and the food is tasty. Most meals come with a banana muffin which are the best!!! Also their bloody Mary's are the best in town in my opinion. They make the mix in house and I've honestly never had a tastier Bloody Mary. I usually eat one of their many omelette a which are pretty big and they come with potatoes!Delish!!!!    I love the little egg cards to signal staff when you need things verses the rude person who shouts out at the staff!!!!  Brilliant idea!Food was fast & hot!  I am talking about hot from the stove and not a heat lamp! 

For my entree I had the half chicken - served with 2 sides; I chose mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese, all of it was very good and the chicken was not dry at all, the skin was slightly crispy from the grill and had a very good BBQ sauce on it. All that for only $25 

Their tap selection extends way beyond Miller and Bud Light, which I appreciate, and they have the best fried pickles I've had in Pittsburgh.  Plus, they have a bartender who looks just like Charlie Day and can sling drinks like a pro.This is one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh.  Awesome happy hour and fantastic food. Appetizers are half off during happy hour, also offering 3 dollar drafts. Amazing draft selection that changes frequently.This is easily one of the best bars in the city, and certainly in South Side.  Depending on the time of day, you'll get a very different crowd.  Because it's in a prime Carson Street location, college kids overrun the bar on Saturday nights.  But otherwise, The Library is fairly laid back.There is always a good selection of local beers on tap--East End, Penn, Victory (from across the state in Downingtown).  Happy hours are every day (5-7pm & 9-11pm) with 1/2 off apps and $3 drafts.  Another perk is that the kitchen is open until 1am, and the food is actually good.  I've tried most of the menu, and the closest thing I have to a complaint is that the portions are large.  For example, The Woman in White (risotto) could easily feed two.  And, yes, all of the menu options and cocktails are named for books.  The signature cocktails are more of simple twists on classics--Where the Red Fern Grows is just a cosmo with pineapple juice--and disappointingly cheap liquor is used.  But I come here for the drafts, not the Hugtini (yep, a cocktail made with that childhood sugar-water).  The menus themselves are retired hardback books--the decor is top-notch here.  The patio on the top floor is great for warmer months.This has to be one of my all time favorite Carson Street eateries. It's actually in the old library building, very quaint. I love the menus, they actually hand you a book (my book was Of Mice and Men, my date got the Wizard of Oz) with the menus affixed to the covers. All the small plates, entrees, and sandwiches are titled after classic books. Lord of the Rings, (onion rings) Arabian Nights, (hummus) Peter Pan, (cheese sticks?) and many more. I ordered the plabano pepper stuffed with goat cheese and covered with a creamy chipotle sauce, called Billy Goats Gruff. It was crunchy, creamy and delicious. My date ordered Wings of Icarus, yep, wings done with a dry rub. For lunch I had the Alice in Wonderland, a meaty, marinated, then grilled portobello mushroom with Boursin cheese on ciabatta and sweet fries. The portobello took on the texture of a nice piece of tenderloin. Any meat lover would enjoy this and not miss it. The fries were yam fries, crunchy and delicious. My date got adventurous and ordered The Women in White, creamy risotto with mushrooms, which looked fab! This was my fourth visit here, I highly recommend the Library for a nice evening out.Well I knew right from the start that The Library was going to get a good review from me.  It has my favorite type of food atmosphere - the restaurant slash (NON-SMOKING) bar.  I like the bar side for the casual and laid back atmosphere and of course the restaurant half guarantees a good variety of food.

It was phenomenal! I highly recommend this place and they were so hospitable as well. Thank you Willy and company, this will be a regular stop for me from now on.Can't go wrong with anything here. Best in town/*The original Pittsburgh Willy's has closed on February 9th and is re-locating 159 W. Commonwealth in Downtown Chandler soon.  In the meantime, Randy is opening a a new restaurant in Downtown Chandler on Valentine's day called Wimpy's Paradise, which will serve gourmet hamburgers and ice cream.  Until the new Pittsburgh Willy's location is open, he will be serving the same hotdogs at Wimpy's Paradise.*  This review is long overdue.  I've been coming in here almost every week for the past 4 years. Simply said, this is one of my most favorite places to eat, ever.I've taken my co-workers here. I've taken my parents here. I've taken friends from out of town here. I even took my dog once (on the patio of course). Every single person left stuffed and happy. My personal favorite is the Arizonan hot dog. The combination of chiles, tomatoes, guacamole, cheese, and bacon is borderline blasphemous.  The chili cheese dog (sloppy) is also a great option for when I'm feeling like a cultured human being and decide to eat with a knife and fork instead of my hands.  The chicken and wild rice soup has comforted me on multiple occasions during flu season. Randy and his staff strive to make each dining experience personal and the best it can be.  You'll sometimes see one of them sitting and chatting amongst the diners as if they were old friends.  I can't wait to see what they bring into realm of hamburgers!Great place to eat. Food is wonderful, and the owner, Randy, is very nice guy.I love this place!!  I love filipino food!!  I usually get the chicken adobo, pancit and lumpia...so good!!  I haven't gone back in awhile because of the drive, but I hope to go back soon for some carryout.  Highly recommend to try it!!!Jason. BAlways The BEST!!! As close as you can get to sitting on Fields ave in pee eye. Great wait staff, friendly people. Great food!! Not too pricy and you will get enough to make you smile later. Friday nights can jump after 7 PM and you can sing and drink pseudo red horse beer and dance if you dare!Love to eat filipino food? Well this is the best place in arizona to go to. Friendly staff, Tfc channel on, they even have a little mini filipino kiosk selling filipino anything. Love this placeFor starters...I was never a big boba fan or halo halo fan.  This place is amazing!!  I had a Thai Tea Boba, Let me tell you the bomb digg-addy!!!!  LOL .  Besides there normal Filipino dishes it is a must have.  Then I stuffed my face with Dinuguan, a Filipino savory stew mixed with your typically stomach, intestines, ears, heart and snout of a pig,  simmered in a rich, spicy dark gravy of pig blood, garlic, vinegar, and chili.  SARAP!!!! 

I like the music

- FRIED SHRIMP DUMPLINGS

Prices very depending on the length of hair and design. But yet reasonable.

Fresh

- My wife and I both got birthday cards from the staff, which I think is a darling gesture.

Cushy blue seats

A++I have been here a number of times and I always have a good experience...especially after UNLVino.  I love the Steak Bearnaise with frites and drinks from the bar...see Adrienne (sp)?I have loved eating at Monami since my first visit.  The staff is always nice and helpful, and the food is delicious.  The first time I came, I had the filet mignon which was the best fillet I had tasted to date.  Always have to munch on the bread & butter, carrot spread or pate.  Try to put your name in for the patio seating at night so you can watch the Bellagio water show while eating.  We always make it a point to have one meal at Monami while in Vegas.  Breakfast dishes are also very good and the coffee is perfect.We could talk about the great service, or the pop in your mouth oysters, or we could even talk about the melt in the mouth steak but if you leave this place without the chocolate pudding you are insane. Special shout out to Irish Sean, our waiter and know that it was super gay friendly as I was there with my gorgeous girlfriend and her BFF gay boy friends.This is my go-to restaurant in Vegas! I eat there at least on every time I go. You really can't beat the service for the price and the food is amazing. There is something for everyone on the menu. I felt like I was at a fancy 5 star restaurant. Amazing!I have been dinning at Mon Ami Gabi Rstaurant 2-3x year for the past 10 years. Five stars just does not give it justice and worth every bit of 10 stars! Service is the best on the strip, and bar tenders are so funny they need their own headliner show! Food is consistantly fantastic! Everything is fresh and cooked as requested. Sitting outside gives you a view of the B fountains unlike any other. I highly recommend this restaurant, its service, bar tenders and food for any occasion! Don't go to Vegas and not dinne here!If I could write a cluster of expletives as my review for this place and not get kicked off Yelp, I would.  I mean, how the hell can food be THIS good?!  Drugs.  It's gotta be drugs.  The food MUST be laced with crack or something because the minute I left I immediately went into withdrawal.  I was in Vegas with some girlfriends and one of them had eaten here before.  She highly recommended it so we decided to give it a try.  I think we got there, say...around 12:00pm.  Maybe not the best time since 12 noon is universal lunch time.  Anyway, we get a buzzer, are told that it might be a 30 minute wait, and proceeded to peruse the menu.  Bad idea.  30 minutes felt like 30 hours after greedily seeing everything that was on the menu.  After what seemed like an eternity, our buzzer happily vibrated and we practically ran inside the restaurant.  Speed is not something that is highly valued here.  So let's just say that we probably waited a good hour for our food.  BUT!  But, my friends, we were prepared.  We each ordered either their mushroom soup or french onion soup.  Now, I'm not a big french onion soup aficionado, but this soup came w/ GLOBS of cheese.  I'm talking about just getting a chunk of it and throwing it in that bad boy.  Um..yeah, I was licking the cheese off the side of the bowl. And I wasn't alone.  The WARM french bread LOAF that they brought to the table was excellent.  I really had to restrain myself from not devouring the entire thing, we were so hungry!!!!  And finally, after staring every waiter down, after thinking that every tray was making its way to our table, we got our food.  I've never had french cuisine before and leave it to me to order the only non-French item on the menu: a bacon cheeseburger.  But it was topped with an egg!  Isn't that how the French eat it?!  No?  Oh.  Anyway, this burger made me want to cry, sing, dance, make love to it, yell at it for cheating on me with other patrons, stalk it on facebook, etc.  My friend sitting next to me ordered their seared ahi tuna burger and she was in heaven.  But alas, I was ill prepared for the culinary greatness that I was about to encounter.  One of my friends ordered their Steak Classique.  And...AND!...she ordered it medium rare.  When I took a bite of that steak, I swear I saw the second coming of Christ, because this HAD to be the end of the world.  I closed my eyes, bowed my head, and thanked God for letting me experience this moment.  Words cannot explain the series of emotions I felt after biting into this steak.  It's really not fair for food to taste this good.  I'm actually getting quite angry.  Damn steaktease.  The only negative (if you can call it that) that I'm giving belongs to...sigh...the frites.  Yes, they're labeled as french fries but they were straight up potato chips.  Now I love potato chips as much as the next man, but when I'm in the mood for FRENCH fries, I want my FRENCH fries, ya know?  Oh :(  But how can I stay mad at you, Mon Ami Gabi.  You are the perfect lover.For my first time there, it was a really nice experience.Dinner was great, the ambience was so pretty we sat in the window room, even though the doors were open to the outdoor seating we were not cold.  Our service was incredible. I had steak & frites and when I could not decide between the bernaise or the poivre sauce, I was brought both. The steak was very tasty. When I could not decide on a glass of wine a cart was wheeled over and I was given tastes to decide on the right wine for me.We skipped on dessert this time. But we'll be back for sure!A perfect breakfast spot on the Strip.  Recently returned and was thrilled even more, so hence the 5 stars!  Actually took advantage of their under $10 make-your-own bloody Mary bar.  Olives, pickled veggies and even beef sticks!!  What a perfect idea!  I love my friend Gabi!Incredible restaurant on the strip! Very reasonable prices, outstanding service, an breathtaking views. Bar none, my favorite meal on the Strip.91.00 for the following items

Good music, study vibe, excellent coffee and food.

Jeff had no problem with this, and was very considerate, and kept in contact with me throughout the entire process.

Two orders of the sizzling sisig that had the perfect amount of heat, cheeky crunch and lemon. 

quality espresso beans that have been properly held, sealed, and cool. I also believe that the pouring and grinding of the fresh beans to order makes a huge difference and you cannot down play enough the quality of coffee that is pressed versus shot through a machine.I will go here more frequently now for sure.Found this place through Yelp. Of course I had to stop by and find out for myself if it's worthy of all if their wonderful reviews. 

We ordered our drinks. The boys picked some beers and us girls went with wine, which was $6 for a large plastic cup filled. We were thrilled! Nowhere ever gives you that much wine for $6.. Let alone in Vegas.

Ya don't think we like time off ? Away from the road ? If you don't like us don't stay there !!! Yall so high and might go pay $250 a night on the strip and stop your bitching ... Js If your in the area I would highly suggest you give this place a chance even if only one night 

We also shared some yummy potatoes and giant pieces of crispy bacon.  I couldn't properly review this establishment without trying half the menu.  I would be doing you Yelpers a disservice.

- The staff is friendly. Say hello to Mark behind the bar. 

I was surprised on a 45 min. flight they handed out 2 snacks and drinks plus a refill if you would like one.

No guy/girl ratio to worry about - CHECK

The sea bass is out of this world and just about everything else is as well. 

Service was perfect, food came out fast, drinks stayed full, it was overall a wonderful time.So, I was down in Charlotte for a couple days for a wedding.  The hotel I was staying at had an overpriced, lackluster breakfast buffet, so I decided to venture out to find food elsewhere.  After reading the reviews here on Yelp, I headed to The Terrace Cafe.Normally when I'm in a strange town, I never eat at the same place twice as I want to try as much of the local scene as possible.  But after going to the Terrace Cafe on the first day, I decided to break this rule and head back on the second day.On the first day, my wife and I were quickly seated.  She ordered the SEC breakfast sandwich, and I ordered the Belgian malted waffles.  Seth, the waiter, said to me "Do you like bacon?"  Which I replied "I'm a guy.  Of course I like bacon."  He then told me that I should try the bacon waffle.  I decided to give a shot.  Now, Seth made it sound like the Bacon Waffle was better than sex.  Poor guy looked so disappointed when I told him it was "pretty good" (That really is a very high compliment from me.)  So, Bacon Waffle not better than sex, but definitely amongst the top breakfast's out there.  Wife enjoyed her SEC as well.  The next day, more relatives arrived for the wedding and we decided to head back to Terrace Cafe, but this time with a group of 8.  Again, we were sat very quickly, and Seth even remembered the wife and I from the day before.  I went with the more traditional Eggs Benedict, and Wife had an omelet.  The eggs benedict were the best I've had in quite some time (It's amazing how the hollandaise sauce can vary so much from restaurant to restaurant.)  Wife thoroughly enjoyed her omelet.Now, as if the main breakfast entrees aren't enough to get you to come to Terrace Cafe, Then consider their sides.  I had their hash browns both days.  Pure fried shredded potato goodness.  Wife had the fruit cup, which she said is the best fruit she's ever had at a restaurant as it included some more exotic fruits.  I wish we had one more day in Charlotte as I really wanted to try the red velvet waffle.  Someone at the table next to us on the first day had it as a breakfast desert (seriously, they both had eggs benedict, which is quite filling, then split a red velvet waffle afterwards.)I recommend this place for anyone in the Charlotte area.  It's traditional southern breakfast with a modern twist.I am going to say this up front from the start, best omelette I have ever had my life.  Tomato, spinach and turkey.  Wow, wow, wow.  The wheat toast was fresh and crisp and the fruit cup had fresh blackberries in it.  I have never seen that.Add some unique dinnerware a friendly staff and great ambiance and you have the makings of one of the best breakfast spots in the Charlotte area.  Kudos!This is a fantastic place for brunch.  Ask what the homemade jam is that day and if it sounds like something you like, be sure to get toast!  Hashbrowns are phenomenal as well as the banana split parfait.  Caramel coffee cake is dangerously addictive.It takes a lot for me to give a 5 star review, I just couldn't imagine giving less after my experience at Terrace Cafe.  Yes it was my birthday and maybe I was just in a great mood already but either way this place made my night.  The food was off the charts and the service was outstanding.I don't know how long I've been talking about going to this restaurant and I just kept putting it off -why? I don't know... I know they are known for their brunch which I have yet to try but you must stop in for dinner.My friend and I were greeted by a very nice hostess and grabbed a table in the bar area.  The place was very quiet but it was a Wed. night around 8:30ish.  I didn't mind I loved the privacy and it gave me the opportunity to chat with the waiter and the GM quite a bit. First suggestion by our waiter was a rasberry martini - fruity and yummy - then came the fried green tomatoes with pimento cheese - yup they know how to fry a tomato perfectly and if a fried green tomato wasn't southern enough yes please add some pimento cheese.  Don't let me forget the mini buttermilk biscuits served instead of your typical bread basket - fantastic.  Now for the main course.....................

   

- Foie Gras, good and not as oily as the I tried in SF. Enough for 4 people 

With my pricing rating, I'm basing it on my opinion of the complexity of the tattoo, the intensity of the color and the time it took. I'm not willing to divulge the price I paid, I'll leave that up to the guys. One thing to keep in mind, is they only take cash, but I really can't say I blame them. If you decide to get inked by anyone at High Noon, be prepared to be a walking gallery, because it's some of the most amazing art ever and you'll be dying to show it off!My husband and I have driven from SD to Phoenix twice to have work done by Mikey.  We love the quality, his traditional is fantastic, and it's always worth the extra effort to make it out there.Awesome. I was in Arizona during June. Saw Joseph. Amazing work. Amazing prices.  Went out of his way to work with my schedule. Even made a change for me before I left town. I look forward to doing business in the future. My next visit to AZ actually!!!If you are in the Phoenix area, High Noon Tattoo is worth checking out. I had a couple of tattoos done a few years ago and had hoped to return to the same tattoo artist. Unfortunately, his store closed and he moved out-of-state. So I asked around, asked friends, and searched the internet. I knew the next tattoo I wanted required someone who could do portraits well. After all, I was not going to pay $ and later ask to be on "Tattoo Nightmare." 

Best meal of my life so far

i hear there is a new location on south strip but i ve only ever  gone to the one on west Sahara. good thing to do on the way to or from red rock.Clarification: This is a 5 Star restaurant  if you're looking for massive servings of comfort food made creatively, with fabulous & quality ingredients. I can't say anything else that hasn't already been said.Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Hash House Farm Benedict!!!

Kobe burger:(

We also got fried zucchini as an appetizer, which was good. 

The menu is simple but they happily adapt to your request.I eat here all the time and their pizzas are always excellent.  You can basically order whatever toppings u want with a beverage for like $14.  Way wAy better than the other pizza place at mgmProject Pie is hidden away under the lobby of MGM. I wasn't in the mood to eat in their pathetic food court but all the restaurants were completely booked. I was on my way out the lobby when I saw a sign for Project Pie down the escalators.The couple times I've been to Project Pie it's been pretty quiet. I don't think a lot of people know about it which is great for me!The pizzas are a decent size and can easily be shared between two people, although one hungry person could eat one. They're handmade in front of you and you can request toppings or choose from the 8 pre-composed options. The pizzas are put into a oven in front of you and only take a few minutes to finish. For under $8 a pie, you can't go wrong!If you are in the MGM Grand, you MUST come here and to Michael Mina's Pub 1842. The pizzas here are not only fresh, but extremely affordable. For under $15 you can add as MANY toppings as you want to your pizza. They serve fresh made to order personal pizzas that are just the perfect size to fill you up (one pizza may actually fill up two people!)The staff is friendly and explains everything very well. My tip to you is while you are waiting for your pizza to finish baking, go across the hall and grab yourself a stella to pair with it! ;)Underrated doesn't even accurately describe how amazing this place was. They go out of their way to ensure you get the most for your pizza and it's cooked and seasoned to perfection. I'd even say it's a step above the pizzas I've gotten in Italy. I'll be back again!Absolutely delicious! We went at around 1:30 and it was completely empty. It's not necessarily HARD to find, but you wouldn't be able to see it from the main hotel/strip. It's underground at the MGM, and once you get there it's pretty quiet - a nice little escape from the hustle and bustle. The food was so good. We got the #3 pizza and 2 drinks. Total was about $20. Not too shabby for Vegas! As I said before: so. good. We will definitely be returning on our next trip!Great little spot in the underground at the MGM Grand. Make your own pizza or choose from one of theirs. Made fresh, takes only about 5 minutes. Staff was super courteous and helpful. We liked it so much we came back the next day.Best pizza in Vegas. My favorite pizza place of all time. Build your own is the ONLY way I go. Deliciousness in my mouth EVERYTIME. My pizza is always a mountain of perfection, and I am always treated with great service. Will always keep going to this place as long I have money. =DHands down the best pizza I have ever in my life had the pleasure of eating. Excellent topping choices, crust is amazing and crisply. Not so greasy, amazing. 

We will DEFINITELY make this a regular event whenever we visit Vegas! Thanks Kopy and all the comedians for the great time!Show was great.  Atmosphere was friendly and comfortable.  The cast was very funny.  Night was enjoyed by all.  Would definitely recommend seeing this show.This was my first time ever seeing an "improv" show and I was SO thrilled with it.  I brought my friends with me, and we were literally crying from laughter by the end of the show.  Not only were the comedians funny, they were NICE too and took the time after the show to hang out until everyone was gone.  They signed autographs, took pictures and had down to earth conversations with us.  The show itself was wonderful.  With everyone in the audience feeling included, I think they took ideas from everyone.  Not only that, I am kind of shy and don't really shout-out my thoughts a lot for fear of being laughed at, but even with others ridiculous ideas, they turned it in to pure laughter and joy for us all!  This is a MUST SEE show that is affordable, witty and a ton of fun!  I will be recommending to everyone I know, and going again myself.  THANKS!!Girls trip to Vegas and we decided to check out an improv show. We've all been to other shows so knew what to expect. We were happily seated in front and while the show started off a bit awkward, they got into the groove shortly into it. It seemed as though half the audience knew what to do, even after the great instructions. We were more than happy to shout out ideas, no matter how zany they were and a couple of us even got to participate onstage. It's a great deal to buy the three drinks included as the bartender knows his stuff. I had a great time and laughed at all the completely inappropriate things being said. A nice alternative to all the other shows and very reasonable too!Been to.this show twice and planning on coming back again, this show is different every time and hilarious! The drinks are good and you get $1 shots in the beginning of the show to get the show going.it's super fun and I would recommend it anyone looking for a good night out and having good laughs!Great cast and a good time for everyone. Seen multiple times and I plan to see it again.Superb experience. Top notch customer service and know how from Scott Zeigler. Painless process, zero pressure, awesome deal. The rest of the staff was also very polite and pleasant. Thank you to John as well.In need of something with very sexy fuel economy because there are two gas guzzlers in my garage, I make the rounds at the used car departments at large dealerships in Tempe, Scottsdale, Phoenix and Peoria.I've got a cash deal to offer for something cheap and economical and I want to be around $13k out the door. Bait and switch at one dealership. Astronomical retail prices at another. Nothing in the inventory w/ under 100k miles in my price range at another place. Trying too hard to convince me to finance when I have cash and lying about attempting to run a credit app at the last dealership I visited. Private party deals prove to be flakes, want to trade vehicles or total BS.After two weeks of searching, I was discouraged. Then I researched Hertz Car Sales program. I did A LOT of reading, looked over a ton of information and customer feedback and decided that it's the best option for my particular needs.They price their vehicles for a no-haggle deal. They offer coupons for $300- $1000 off the purchase price online. You get enough Hertz Gold points for a week's rental if you buy here, too. Scott was great from the start of our email communication to when I drove off of the lot with my new (new to me) and very miserly 34 mpg average car. He still owes me some floor mats and a small interior trim piece that were missing from the car at the time of sale, so I will be following up this review with that outcome, but I was shocked at the great selection of cars and how easy this transaction was.Hertz should work well for you if A) you want a no-frills second or third/fourth car B) you don't mind a car with (relatively) higher mileage C) you hate the nebulous pricing and car salesman/woman games D) you have your own cash/financing.Update: got the interior trim piece and the floor mats from Scott as he promised a few weeks back. Very satisfied with the service from Hertz Car Sales and now looking into booking a vacation to use the free week in a rental from Hertz.We've been looking for a new (to us) used car for the past several weeks & have been sorely disappointed in either the availability of used cars or the places that we were going. However, this past Sat.9/27/14 we found a used car online at a dealership & went to go look at it. We arrived at the "dealership" & they said their used car lot is down the street. So we went down the street & the man that came to help us was not accommodating at all. The specific car they had advertised turned out not to be the same car as what was on the lot. So we said we weren't interested. He was very rude. However, next door was Hertz Used Car Sales & we decided to go take a look. We never thought about going to a rental car company to look for used cars. The gentleman who came out to help us, Scott Zeigler, was very friendly, not pushy & extremely knowledgeable. We told him what we were looking for & he knew exactly what we were wanting. However, he never pushed us to that particular car until we had looked over the entire lot. We decided to test drive the original one he had suggested & loved the car! We came back made an offer & started the process, which by the way, was extremely easy. Dale, the Finance Manager was very patient w/us with all of the questions that we asked & was very informative about the different service plan options that were available, if we were interested. He was also definitely not pushy with us to purchase anything extra. There was a monsoon storm rolling in & Scott decided to take the car, while we were w/Dale & get new windshield wiper blades put on it. I'm so glad he did because when we left it was raining something awful & the drive was not so scary with new windshield wiper blades! I will definitely be telling all my friends & family to go see Scott for their next used car!!!!What a refreshing difference from other sleazy dealerships in the area (ABC Nissan).  We were a little leery of purchasing a car from Hertz, but it was a great experience.  We looked at their website at first to check the inventory for our wants and needs.  There were multiple vehicles that fit our family, all at very competitive prices.  John Fliss was the salesman that worked with us at the dealership.  He was helpful, patient, and most importantly honest with us.  We were able to test drive five different cars without any pressure or games.  We finally purchased a great car with very low mileage.  No haggling, no games, no hidden fees, no pressure.  With great credit, we were even able to get better financing through the dealership than our own bank.  This is how car buying should be.  We got a fair deal without stress and frustration.  Thank you John and Dale, we will keep you in mind when we need to replace our second car.I wish I had found this place first.  By the time I walked through the doors at Hertz I had already been to almost a dozen different dealerships.  My experience up to that point was that the sales man will do anything they can to convince you to spend more money than you know you have.  I had my trade in keys held hostage, I was told I could only test drive new vehicles, I was told that it didn't matter what the total price of the car was as long as they could make the monthly payments work, and the list goes on.  I got to the point that I dreaded driving on to the lot because I knew that I was going to be surrounded by these vultures.  Then I went to Hertz.  They showed me the cars that I went to see.  They answered all of my questions.  They never tried to up sell me.  They showed respect for what my needs and wants were.  It was refreshing.  I was able to purchase the car that I wanted with a good warranty.  I am loving my new car and that I found it at a place that listened to me.  I could have bought a similar vehicle at another dealership but I chose not to because they didn't treat me like a human being.  I will definitely look at Hertz first the next time I have to buy a carhertz is great! Very accommodating and had great deals. Even bought us jimmy johns while processing our paper work :)I'll try to keep this short. I've done a year's worth of research before buying here. I've been jerked around at multiple lots. There are so many fees that other places add into the price of the vehicle. NONE of that here. My salesman, Scott, basically handed me keys to whatever car I wanted to look at and left me alone. I was in and out in right about 2 hours. That includes multiple test drives, financing, and paperwork.I already mentioned this, but if you aren't as experienced at buying cars, pay attention. Other dealerships do NOT post their true price online. Unless you qualify for every discount they offer, you won't get that price. Oh, and some of those special discounts are impossible to combine. You can't be a 1st time buyer and qualify for a repeat customer discount, but they'll sure throw both discounts in the advertised price. Did you go through your own bank to get financing instead of using the dealership to get you financed? Add $1,000 to the price. One dealership wanted to me to pay $500 for floor mats and window tint for a used car. The dealership didn't add these items, they came with the car when it was traded in, but I had to pay $500. Another dealership wanted to charge me $2800 in hidden fees for vehicle reconditioning. Yes they wanted me to pay for the maintenance on the vehicle, before i owned it. If you are looking for a pre-owned vehicle and don't want to get hosed, come to this place. Notice the 1 star reviews about this place. All of them have the same thing in common, THE WARRANTY COVERED THE REPAIR. That is all I need to know.After being jerked around and pressured at multiple dealerships, never getting to see the numbers, and having fees and costs tagged on without knowing in the past, I will never purchase from a dealership again. I found my certified used vehicle with Hertz car sales and couldn't be more pleased. Scott, Mark, and Dale were wonderful. There is no pressure upon entering the lot, they hand you the keys and allow you the privacy to test drive on your own and I was in and out of there in 2 hours. If you are looking for a used, newer vehicle I suggest stopping into this location. The cars are maintenanced and well taken care of and the service is excellent!If you value y our time, go here! I was approved before I even stepped foot onto the lot. I got the exact car I wanted at a great price. It was all too easy! Scott was so easy and was great at communicating via text. I am so busy that this was so integral to me getting this car. I would highly recommend Scott and his team. 

A salad or wrap that you let them know what you want in it. Everyday it can change or stay the same. Their pricing is simple and portions and large. They also always serve you with a smile. 

The facility is clean. All of the staff are super friendly and you can tell they really enjoy dogs and their jobs. We've toured a few doggy daycare/boarding facilities in town and this one had it all we wanted and more. Transportation if needed is available, webcams to keep an eye on your furry loved one while you're apart are just some of the pluses. Sometimes throughout the day they take photos or videos of the pups at play and post them on Facebook. You can tell all of the dogs have so much fun. Our dog gets so excited when we walks in their door, he can not wait to get in the back and start playing with his pals. He always comes home tired but happy.

My only complaint is the parking!!! The parking lot seems to be packed to capacity so you have to park on the shady side streets :( oh well! Don't leave any valuables in your car lolAmazing izakaya place. Definitely on the pricey side but they have unique dishes.. Like pigs ear [tasted fatty, I don't recommend it, but it's quite popular]. The green tea soba noodles were different and really good. I would come back here for that. Overall, they have a wide selection of yakitori and small tapas dishes that are great for sharing. Cozy atmosphere as well. Great date place. I would come back again but it's not something I would make into a regular spot I go to.Ever have one of those meals that make you stop for a moment, put your chopsticks down between bites, and savor every moment ? This meal tasted so amazing. The Soboro Don rice dish in a clay pot honestly made me want to cry because it reminded me of something my grandma used to cook for me when I was a child. 

  

We went on a Tuesday morning just before 8am. We were seated immediately, and had great service throughout. The waitress and busboy were friendly and attentive.I'm rarely in Vegas, but next time I visit I will definitely try to come back to Jamm's.I LOVE THIS PLACE!! I have been there several times.  The food is great and the service is excellent.  I love getting the pot o' bread and they know how to make an omelette (which most places just mix it all together)!!!  I highly recommend this place because it's not over-priced and I love that I have never had a bad breakfast there!!!!Excellent food, I really loved the corned beef hash. Very well spiced and cooked crispy on the griddle just before serving.  The waitress was friendly and had a folksy attitude which seemed appropriate. Coffee was a bit weak, but better than you would expect for a diner.Babalama omelette had huge pieces of avocado and lots of bacon (too much?) well worth the price. French press was great as well. Definitely suggest it.I've eaten here many time, but have only tried 1 menu item. I get the 

We were immediately impressed by the front office/screening area. They want to make sure you are of proper age and know what this place is.

Victor the owner is a very pleasant and down to earth kind of guy and a pleasure to deal with.if you have a BMW don't ever think twice, and if you don't own one, too bad for you cause as the name states, it's BMW only for them!Dont look anymore this place is one of the best in Las Vegas,BMW ONLY have the best mechanics n computer master Vic, best price n quality parts in town, i only take my car to them,icompare and this shop don't over charge like other BMW shops especially the one in Spring MountanI can't say enough how impressed and grateful I am to have found this place. Having a 2003 BMW M3 with 147,000 miles the potential for repairs is getting bigger and bigger. Victor and his team allow me to sleep easy at night knowing I will get excellent service, great prices, and proactive support. Victor has a huge passion for the greatest cars in the world and it's evident from other reviews on here he has left the same impression on the Las Vegas BMW community. 

I was interested in the bathrooms (that didn't sound right), as their location is basically unchanged from the original, though dramatically improved.  The guy's has a funky sliding door and the girl's two sinks.  I'm guessing this has something to do with the fairer sex's inclination to potty in tandem, though I admit I'm unclear of the benefit of the two sink, one toilet layout.  Interesting.

We went for lunch and wasn't expecting much.  One look at the menu and I decided on the Kobe Beef Burger and what was nice is that you can choose between 2 patty sizes.  I chose the larger (believe it was 1/2 pound) and that also included a side of fries.  My brother got the same but he got the regular fries and I got the sweet potato fries.For around $10, the burgers were huge, the meat patties were very moist, and it was just delicious overall.  Best thing was that the fries were also DELICIOUS and included in the meal!  IMHO, their burgers and fries definitely tasted better than the ones at Delux and like I said before, they don't charge you extra for it.  Maybe they will give you half regular and half sweet potato fries if you ask because both tasted SO good!Oh yeah, and they have a PUNCH card!!  I think if you buy 5 or six lunches, they will give you 1 bonus.  I haven't heard of other restaurants offering this, so my advice is to try it out if you are a regular in the area.  You can accumulate points and enjoy a really good burger at the same time.Am I enough of a Yelper to tell you my guilty pleasures? I love Kitchen Nightmares - that reality show with the angry British chef. It's part business case study, part peek behind the scenes of restaurant glamour. I know its tough running a restaurant, but can the people on the show really not see what's wrong??!!So why do I think of Kitchen Nightmares when I sit at the bar of Fusion on a Saturday night? Not because it's a candidate for the show, but because it's the complete and total opposite. Fusion owners Matt and JenLynn Long have the essentials of the restaurant business down: great food, great service. Fusion is the most humble restaurant in downtown Scottsdale. Tucked behind the too-cool-for-school W Hotel and Axis/Radius, this is the kind of neighborhood restaurant you'd expect in downtown Phoenix.Walk in and JenLynn will greet you like an old friend - even if it's your first time. She'll help you pick out the perfect martini - a pomegranate, orange vodka blend for me that night - and make sure your entrée is just to order. A curtain separates the bar from the main dining where families and couples enjoy their meals. Sometimes Fusion can be a expensive - $30-40 for dinner. But it's worth it for a dinner you'll remember like a dream - not a nightmare.The beautiful Carin and I decided to go dinner last night and wanted something burger, within walking distance.

- gyoza sauce*my faves, tasted great with my seafood! During my first visit I was able to try the ahi, shrimp, and salmon. Portions were decent, but a bit pricey; however, the quality of food justifies the price. Excellent customer service. Interior is a bit blah, but who really cares? We were the only ones dining in at the time. Other customers were just in and out. It seems like they get a lot of business with take out orders. Great tasting quality food minus the theatrics and awkwardness of sitting next to strangers.Looking forward to returning and trying out the rib eye steak with garlic butter that so many rave about!Amazing place and family. A must while in LV. Had the tofu and it was perfect even though it was not on the menu.  Very friendly place.Solid five stars.  Found this place off Yelp.  Im from Los Angeles and anytime I'm in the area I'll definitely stop by.  Think of a Benihana but cheaper but actually taste better.  Quality of meat is up there too.  The owner is probably the nicest owner you'll ever meet.  Service is on par with a five star restaurant.No joke, the food is spectacular and the customer service is unbelievable for a fast food or to go place.Don't be fooled by the reviews you can sit down and dine in if you want.  I had the chicken and steak and it was done perfectly.  The sauces are good but the garlic butter is off the charts.  Definitely get the fried rice as well.Awesome place, will come back when I have the chance!!!Great service and food too! Food tastes fresh and cooked upon ordering. Very affordable and casual environment. We will definitely be back...Great customer service and AMAZING FOOD!!!!! I would recommend this place to everyone!Ordered the chicken + shrimp bento with fried rice, and it was delicious! Excellent service and nice little place! I would definitely come back and try the other items on the menu.Great little spot. Salmon and shrimp that I had were well cooked. Portions were enough to feel full but not leave you bloated. The variety of different sauces offered really made the difference in flavors you get to taste. Awesome customer service on top of all of that. Definitely recommended.Excellent food and service! I get the ribeye steak bento box and my hubby gets the steak and shrimp or salmon and it's super fresh and affordable! The sweet older lady that works there gives you ice water as you sit to wait for your takeout! The best part is, is that it's right around the corner from our home and we can't find anything as good as this place close by. I highly recommend at least trying it! 5 Starz for me!Was sitting in Del taco line and just thought to myself, there has to be better food around and so I searched in Yelp and found this place. I'm telling you as good as you'll get fresh salmon and vegetables so much better choice in this area and suuuuuuper friendly people. 5 stars easily!!!!!Finally made it here for lunch today and it was a really good experience. Black Angus steak was perfect and the calamari was tender and fresh.

We will stop in again if we are in the area. We are traveling thru from Texas to California!

For pie my server Kim surprised me with strawberry rhubarb ala mode. Again fresh and delightful.  

From my Jeep 4x4, to my passenger car and everything in between, Galleria Express marks the spot while X spots the marks.

Childcare staffed with friendly volunteers and snacks/story times for tots

- Corn Manti 

Everything we tried was delicious. The food could be very spicy if you don't know the ranking. I eat spicy but #4/10 was way too spicy for me. Go with 1 or 2 to be safe. I did not like the soup since it was serve in a bowl, not one of the hot pot thing. The lard was my favorite dish. Thai tea is highly recommended since they did not make it very sweet and it was a huge glass. Most of people at our table togo half of the glass. 

I don't understand some negative reviews on here. I like this place and would easily recommend it to any dancer in the area.Always have what we need for a reasonable price. Ladies are so helpful with every question I have.  I have two dancers and they get a lot of business from me.  Happy every time!!!Oh my god, I LOVE this store. I grew up in Mesa (yeah, yeah) and back when the only movie theater was the Poca Fiesta 5-plex (it's long gone now) on Southern and Alma School, my sister and I just about begged on our hands and knees to visit this store before or after seeing movies like back to the future and neverending story.It's every little kids' dream - stuffed animals, low-brow humor cards and paraphernalia (you know, farting figurines), balloons, brightly colored EVERYTHING, sparkly EVERYTHING, confetti - just damn cool stuff.It's pretty decently-sized and jam-packed on every surface with STUFF. Plus, around Halloween, they carry all the basics like makeup, costumes, masks, etc. Last year, a friend went in to peruse the makeup selection for her zombie prom look and the employee happened to be a special effects guru. He helped her pick out every supply, tool, base, glue and blood she needed and even gave her instructions on HOW to use it. He also made sure to help explain why some brands of glue or blood are better than others (don't you just hate it when your scab falls off your face on the way to the party? Or your fake eyelashes keep peeling away at the corners?) To cut my rambling short - her makeup and her roommate's makeup looked amazing (some secret tip she got involved bunched up tissue, don't ask me how it works but it does).Not that you're ever in Mesa just hanging out, but even when it's not Halloween and you have some time to kill -especially if you have small children with you - you have to visit Bubbles of Joy at least once in your life.A Plus!  My daughter tried to tell me about this place on my last visit but I took it with a grain of salt since I wanted a REAL Post Office to weigh and mail things at.  I stopped in here Sunday July 3rd since the REAL PO was closed and discovered what a delightful place this is!  Not only does it have tons of balloons and gift ideas, but miles of racks of costumes and accessories.  And sure enough, in the far back right corner there is a REAL postal counter with a scale and during business hours a REAL postman ready and wiling to help you out, sell you stamps, send your packages etc.  And it is closer and more convenient than the REAL PO with plenty of parking and little to no lines.  It is also next to a Starbucks if you are into that, and a Soup and Salad restaurant if you need a meal.  I'm sure glad I finally stopped in!Great place for party supplies n costumes they also have a post officeThis place is amazing. I have been there several times, during Halloween and other times of the year. No matter how busy their store gets, they always have enough friendly knowledgeable people available to answer all of your questions. Their selection is outstanding, and their prices are very reasonable. Recently I checked out a "Spirit" store because I needed something little and it was closer to my house. Never again! Bubbles of Joy is the bomb and I hope they stay in business forever!!This place has everything you could want or need for Halloween! Just got done shopping and had a great experience. The staff was nice and helpful, the store is full of costumes and all the accessories you could want. Considering it is so close to Halloween they still had a great selection.They certainly have everything, from tiaras to bottles of that stuff you use to create real-looking wounds. A little on the pricey side, but excellent stuff overall.I love the staff at Bubbles of Joy. Very friendly and helpful. Their prices may be a bit higher than a national chain store, but they have the best selection and customer service of any local party store I've seen. They also are one of the best resources I've found for Halloween costumes and decorations.I cannot believe how many times I have passed this place by, looking at the truck with the logo painted on it sitting outside. The name has changed after the owner retired this year, but the daughter of the owners took over and runs the place. It is still in the exact same location but they extended their hours to stay open an hour later. Great news for us! This was a pleasant change from all of the cookie cutter Spirit stores we have been to in the valley. Once you step in, you are overwhelmed (in a good way promise!) by costumes and merchandise. The far left wall is filled with masks, if you are looking for something affordable or collectible, they have it. The customer service rep who I believe is the husband, was extremely helpful and enthusiastic about the merchandise and Halloween in general. He knew exactly what I was talking about when I asked him which studio made a particular Michael Myers mask that I was looking at. (They have Trick Or Treat Studios!). There is a private back room that at first I thought might contain adult material that he led us into, but it's really only gory type items (damn!) and you have to ask to be let in. Inside the room, it was dimly lit with a red bulb and he had set up a meat case full of body parts, serial killer flesh face masks were on the wall, many kinds of skulls, monster props, and smaller accessories were inside. Prices were very reasonable, the masks in the serial killer series were only $15. There were of course, tons of packaged costumes for just about anything you could think of. Balloon sales are in the back and I spotted so many awesome Nightmare Before Christmas balloons, and Halloween themed balloons. They don't even need to be for Halloween, they could be a great gift for someone who loves horror? He had so much stuff he was only happy to show us, so run, don't walk to check this place out. *Park in front, back entrances are closed off. Entrance located next to Starbucks entrance.This place is simply fantastic! Year round access to quality costumes and themed party accessories. I would call this place a cross between a theatrical costume shop and the most awesome novelty place you could think of! Prices are not the cheapest, but the quality and range of choice more than makes up for it!Amazing place! The staff always goes above and beyond. They carry many different items and costume pieces, accessories, SFX makeup etc. There are so many great options.As always, whether it's for parties or costumes, this is a great selection. They have tons of the smalls...the little things that add to your costumes or add to your party as well as almost every costume you could think of. Prices are reasonable and they're always very friendly and helpful!They have a really good selection of costumes & extras (all the little stuff you need to really finish out a good theme).  The employees were pretty helpful overall, especially considering how insanely busy it was a few days before Halloween.   I wish we'd come here last year for our son's Dr Who costume, they had just about everything you could want for it, and all at reasonable prices.We'll definitely be back next year!Always a very helpful and friendly staff year round! They are never pushy or nag you or follow you about the store, but are quick to give advice (if asked) and help you. I've gone there many times and will continue to do so!We were looking for a top hat for our sugar skull costumes and whala! They not only had one but they had one that fit my head! Awesome. They also had the water based makeup that we needed to do the makeup correctly and it turned out way awesome!This place was recommended to us after buying some Pin Up style clothing at Rocket A Go Go. We needed petty coats for our dresses. The staff was extremely helpful & helped us. The prices are on average with any costume shop in town & I prefer supporting local businesses vs corporations. If I didn't live in Goodyear, I would probably use them exclusively. Wish we had this place in the West Valley!The people, Debbie, and the owner, are fantastic, nice honest folks!AllTown Auto is a fantastic mechanic. John and Kenny understand service and make it easy to use their company. They pickup and deliver my trucks for any type of service and I never worry about the quality of work or their integrity.Very honest, friendly and reliable group of people we've ever met! Great customer service and fantastic job on our vehicles!Thanks Debbie, Ken, Philip and Todd for taking good care of us and our Jeeps! Definitely recommend you to our friends and family!Consistently great service!  They handle my fleet vehicles as well as personal.  John, Matt, Phil and Ken are very attentive and quick to get our vehicles back on the road.  Have used them for everything from major overhauls, to oil changes, to getting a classic pickup looking pretty. Highly recommend.Alltown auto are currently taking care of my van and they are doing all that they can for it at a fair price.and they are keeping me updated on all that they are doing there are a good place to go for all your car problemsStarting using them when I ran into a misdiagnosis with a previous mechanic- they found the root of the not so straightforward problem in no time!  Very through and knowledgeable.  Always give me an estimate and are right on the exact amount of the estimate.  Willing to tell me which repairs are option, which can wait, and which need done soon, and don't suggest unnecessary "fluid flushes" or other services.  Prices are lower than or within $20 of anyone else i've ever called or estimates.Had power steering fluid leak. Took it to Alltown to look at. The good news is that they did a thorough look at the leaking and a whole lot more, but not just to jack up the price. They gave me an easy to understand list of "must do,"  "should do," and "should at least be aware of" items. The bad news is that the overall problem was more extensive than I'd hoped. The cost for just the "must do" items was more than I had in pocket that day. I ended up speaking to the dealership I'd bought the car from and they directed me to a mechanic who they have a relationship with, and helped me with costs (since I've bought three cars from them in the last two years!). Otherwise, I would have definitely had Alltown do the work, once I had the funds for it. 

And omg the first bite sealed the deal. The ladyfingers  in the bottom was soaked in the right amount of coffee liquor. Marscapone cheese was set correctly. Overall, I didn't think it possible but yep, the tiramisu certainly passed! It was a whopping 5/5!!

   Bryan also tells me don't be afraid to ask  for used parts instead of new to save on the cost.

They have a great happy hour and always have a good $5 glass of wine (red & white) on special. The staff is great! They are easy going and say it like it is...and I love that! This is nowhere near your typical snooty Scottsdale wine bar crowd and that's why I like it.

Chicken Shack does what it does...and it does it amazingly! Chicken Shack chicken is never frozen. The breasts and the wings are huge...like Busty Dusty big. Ah, memories...I almost suffocated at a club in Pittsburgh once. The 5 strip lunch/dinner is more than enough for the biggest eater.  It comes with fries and a drink for under 8 bucks.  Fountain drink for unlimited soda. I saw these two huge fat guys mowing down a 5 piece. They looked full. They looked content. They looked like they had hypertension. God Bless America. The wings are excellent but I recommend the strips. More meat. Tender. Juicy. Delicious. Same price. The sauces. The sauces are key to a place like this. Like having weed on you when trying to sleep with Jennifer Aniston. Mandatory.  Well, Chicken Shack doesn't disappoint. Recently I had the special Habenero Honey. It was sweet. It was hot. It hurt a little bit after 4 pieces. It hurt the good way...like being dumped by Amanda Peet...that body can only keep you happy for a long time...then you are just praying for a stroke.  The BBQ sauce is excellent. The Garlic Parmesan sauce is absolutely amazing. The chili lime isn't very good, sorry. Too limey...like Hugh Grant. If chicken isn't your thing...then you think that Rex will tear into you for going to THE CHICKEN SHACK...but no...not at all...they have a burger there that is amazing. A single. A double. A triple. You can add cheese and bacon. Yes...triple cheese and bacon.  Oh is it good...it's really good. I ate it. I cried. I ate it again. I cried harder. I threw a chair out the window. I ran. They have an all you can eat chicken wing and 1 dollar beers. If that doesn't sound good to you then you are a loser. I say that with no hesitation. No remorse. No second guessing. You are the type of person who would hold up a bank but leave the stuff in the safe.The atmosphere is great. They have funny slogans on the wall. Cute. Sickeningly cute. Rex is sarcastic. Rex hates it. Others will love it. 

However...the "brioche bun" is a swing and a miss. I like that they're trying but it should be removed from the menu. Don't order it and you'll love Millie's. Dear Millie, try doing the same thing but swapping the brioche for waffles or French toast. Not as "creative" but I promise it will be less disappointing.This place is a chic, neat and trendy ice cream shop on the East End... Prices are cheap and the place is beautiful inside.. The staff are very friendly as well... Nice outside seating. I got the brioche which was different but was pretty good... Girl got a waffle cone that she enjoyed.. I will def go back!The ice cream is excellent quality, the waffle cones are the best, and the service is commendable. It is a very clean and well run establishment with a nice relaxing laid back vibe. 

Good prices.

After we sat down, our waitress came immediately and took our drink orders. When she returned, she had her pen ready to take our order and answer questions. She was able to give us great recommendations. The location was very busy so I expected a long wait time for our food.. WRONG! It came within 15 minutes and it was beyond what we expected. Definitely love the food and concept of it all. 

Every bagel is amazing. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE. Well, I didn't like the chocolate chip bagels and neither did my sister. But I'm sure other people love them. Because they know what they're doing and they're doin' it well.Ouvert depuis 1919 et ensuite déménage en 1949, ici sur Fairmount, c'est l'un des classiques de Montréal, le #1 à mon avis pour les bagels, ouvert 24h/7j, près de 20 sortes de bagels, frais et chaud sortant du four à bois, fait à la main, le tout pour emporter ou déguster dans la rue en marchant. 1 sésame/pavot, unité 90¢, 6 bagels pour 4,10$, 12 bagels pour 7,75$ ! Enjoy ! 5/5. Visité en janvier 2015.After eating a massive poutine and picking up a smoked meat sandwich for the ride home to Toronto, we realized we were forgetting one thing... Montreal bagels. So we decided to stop by fair mount to pick up 12bagels, make sure you have cash! While we had planned on bringing the bagels home I just could not resist the amazing smell of the bagels I had to dig in. Despite I full I was I choose the sesame seed bagel and ate it plain. It was truly outstanding. Crunchy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. They have an odd sweetness that is hard to explain but is out of this world. I would suggest going to the place for your weekly bagel trip but make sure to always get more than one... You know you wanna!Fairmount Bagel makes the most incredible bagels I have ever eaten in my life. I dream about them. Buy a huge sack to take home if you're visiting Montreal, because wherever you're going back to won't have anything to compare.Everyone knows that Montreal has the best bagels in the world, I have converted many a New Yorker after they finally tried one from here! But even within our fair city, there are 2 camps of bagelry: Fairmount or Saint Viateur. While both are delicious and tasty, especially when hot out of the oven...nothing, no NOTHING compares to a Fairmount bagel. People whine about certain flavours not being available...WTF are you even talking about?!? There are only 2 that you should concern yourself with: sesame or poppy seed: PERIOD. The 'flavoured' ones are for sissies and tourists.Cash only, don't be scared if the queue goes out the door, it moves fast. They freeze well, so I am told, but I eat them all before it ever comes to that!Bizarre....je n'avais jamais été sur place pour un bagel...Moi qui adore les bagel..bref. Et bien, j'ai manqué quelque chose dans ma vie de Montréalaise. Ce sera la première visite de plusieurs à venir ..Bagel tout chaud, tout frais..pour moins de 1$. Ouvert 24h possibilité de garnir le bagel... (J'en veux un autre svp) Bref, à essayer absolumentyes, this is the bagel you need!why? for the simple fact that even lukewarm or next day stale, they still taste quite good. no need for a reheat. the chewiness as well as the slight sweetness is still perceptible making every bite heaven. i don't have to say fresh off the oven is godly.it is true the place can be quite cold, not as friendly as its competitor and that the line can extend forever but nonetheless, that poppy seed bagel, simply sublime!and hey, they are right next to the best ice cream shop in town. that doesn't hurt at all.Love this place!! Whenever I'm in Montreal, I visit this landmark. They pump out fresh sesame bagels 24 hours a day. They actually have a wide assortment of bagels that can be purchased fresh out of the oven or pre bagged. Pleasantly located in the artistic Mile End neighborhood of the city which is just a short walking distance from the downtown area.Cramped, tiny counter in the back among huge carts piled with bagels. The bagels are light, crunchy, a little flattened, with a strong sesame flavor. Almost crackery, very good. The onion bagel with cream cheese and salmon is light and delicious. Nowhere to sit and eat, go to Caffe Grazie-Mille a couple doors over, get some coffee and eat your bagel there.Adorateur du bagel, il fallait absolument que j'en teste un. J'ai jeté mon dévolu pour le Fairmount Bagel.

I was able to enjoy the rest of my practice.I haven't tried a class that I haven't enjoyed. Whether it's core flow with Carrie (be prepared to work those abs) or flow with Kaila (play time!), I always feel welcomed and centered. The barre classes are amazing and amazingly difficult. I've never shaken so much in my life. And walking the next day? Not an option. There's a variety of options available and every class is YOUR practice so know you won't be judged for taking child's pose or pushing up into Bird of Paradise. I highly recommend sweating it out at Dragonfly!I love Dragonfly. Both locations are quite the drive for me but totally worth it. I love the variety of classes. Madpower changed my life! Workout with weights, in the heat...for an hour straight...yes, please!  I left drenched in sweat, giggling at how absurdly soaked, and then my pigtails literally froze. Anyways, great classes for any type of practice. Offers at a variety of times. Awesome people who are excited about life! My only downside is because I pay a monthly gym membership, it is very hard to afford options here (especially on a teachers budget). Whenever they have groupons or good deals, I get them! So worth it!Dragonfly is my favorite yoga studio--and I live in Washington DC! I fly to see my family fairly often and I'm always sure to go to as many classes as possible. I've never had an instructor I don't like, and the mix of classes you can take is great. I'm partial to the hot flow classes, but I also love BarreAmped with Kim. Plus, everyone is so nice and welcoming. As a huge plus, the spaces are open and light, especially Middleton! I proudly wear my Dragonfly hoodie to all the barre and yoga studios I go to on the East Coast just to spread the word. Can't wait til I'm back!I love Dragonfly! I usually do Flow (Hot), and I recently started doing Barre Amped there! Flow (Hot): Dragonfly really got me into vinyasa. I used to be a strictly Bikram yoga girl, but dragonfly opened me up to a variety of other different poses/stretches in vinyasa! I can see myself improving!Barre Amped: Oh MAN! Their arm workouts in barre is INTENSE. Definitely thought using 1 pounders was a joke...but it definitely IS NOT. If you do Barre Amped I would grab 2 pounds and 1 pounds, so you can switch off.Their instructors are great, the studio is always clean, and they're always so welcoming! The Middleton studio is bigger and has an awesome tea room! They're opening up a studio DT soon and I can not wait!I love this place!My last class ended with the instructor placing cold lemongrass towels on our foreheads. It felt so amazing after 60 minutes of hot yoga. Nothing beats ending a workout with something that legitimately feels like an upscale spa experience.I like the variety in each class and the different options they offer for packages and pricing. Another major bonus: the rooms always smell fresh and clean...not smelly like some hot yoga studios can get. Your first class is free and they have a great offer to try a month of unlimited class for $40. If you attend 10 classes during that initial month you get a bunch of money off your 2nd month, making your 2nd unlimited month only like $69. If you're following along, that's 2 months of yoga for $110. Not too shabby, friends!Wow! #1 Not only does Yoscream have amazing gelato and frozen yogurt but it is by far the most beautiful frozen yogurt shop I've ever been to! Yoscream went all out with marble beautiful stone!

My kimchee stew came out and it was wonderful.

all was amazing, I couldn`t even pick  favourite!Lovely spot! Bright, cheery, huge, and lively, this place is a gem. We had two crepes: sugar and a grilled banana with caramel. Both were delicious! We also had the Snow White hot chocolate and the Creole. Super tasty!!Chocolate HeavenWonderful chocolate. Fabulous chocolate ganache shot.  Excellent crepesGood for lunch.  We had the sugar crepe and the crepe Provençal. They were greatHigh chairs for kids.  Friendly waiters.  Great service.  Beautiful decorGuilty vacation pleasure... the hot chocolate is like nothing I've ever tasted before.. I wish there was one in the USJe crois que tout est dit, mais je vais renchérir sur plusieurs points :Juliette et Chocolat est surement l'adresse la plus touristique et incontournable de Montréal, située dans la rue la plus touristique du Quartier latin (St Denis). 

I'm glad I was- was SIGNIFICANTLY less expensive than the quoted estimate from the hospital and I know the care was 10x better! Hopefully, you never need surgery, but if you have a choice, go to oasis... Best patient care I've seen!!Oasis Hospital had us from the moment we stepped through the door.  Their facility was beautiful and very clean, their customer service was top notch starting from the beginning when we were greeted and checking in . . . to the friendly Doctors and nurses we worked with . . . everyone was so nice!  We were always informed of the status of my husband's condition who was having surgery.  And then to top it off, he received a get well card mailed to our house that was signed by all the staff!  My husband's surgery went well.  He was back on his feet and walking with no crutches in 2 days.  He had no complications.  We were really impressed with Oasis Hospital.I went to this hospital for a total knee replacement. Excellent experience, excellent staff and the food is truly outstanding. I recovered quickly and was able to go home after only 2 daysGreat staff and hospital specializing in ortho! Couldn't have had better experience.  Hotel feel to the place with decor and large private rooms.  My wife insisted on being there for my three day stay and total knee replacement.  They made her welcome and comfortable.  I suffered from her attention as well as all of the friendly staff and it made a painful operation manageable.  Darius, Gabby, Melissa, Ash, Dawn all took care of us on different shifts.  They are all human, have fun, and know their jobs.  Joshua is an excellent PT therapist.  Highly recommend.  You can tell when people are not only good at their jobs, but like people, and where they work.I went in Tuesday for neck surgery and was so pleased. I was impressed with everyone I came into contact with from the front desk to the anesthesiologist and discharge nurse. I was treated wonderfully and so was my family who was there. It almost seemed like a family setting. I would recommend Oasis Hospital to anybody looking to have orthopedic work done. 2 thumbs up, 5 stars, top notch.I had ankle surgery here. The nursing care is EXCELLENT. New, clean, private rooms. Great food! Great staff! Best hospital I have ever stayed in.Welcoming, comfortable atmosphere, nice vibe, attentive staff, and superlative food.  Best  pizza I've ever had.  Plus several macaroni and cheese appetizers.  Genius.  It doesn't get better than this.  I'll be back -- soon!I have been underwhelmed with many of the new & hip downtown restaurants I have been told I "must try". This was not the case wit Pizza People Pub. Right out of the gate I was happy with how I was greeted and seated. For such a new restaurant the customer service was already in line.The Honey Ginger Soy Wings were great. Meaty and cooked well with veggies and dipping sauce on the side. There were a bunch a good looking flavors and I will be back to try them. There are a handful of Mac & Cheeses on the menu. I had the Bleu Cheese and it was really tasty, cheap, and plentiful. For the pizza I tried their Hottie. Serrano, jalapeno, house made sausage, with some fresh chiffonade basil on top that really brightened it up. The crust was delicious and not greasy which I always like. It held up well to the toppings and wasn't a limp mess.  I loved loved loved the sausage. Fennel seeds in sausage always score points with me.A lot of new artisan pizza places go for combinations that just seem like they watched to much Food Network when they were designing their pizzas. PPP got their toppings sorted out with their food truck and they serve up smart and delicious combinations. The chef clearly focused on flavor and did not tie the menu to traditional American or Italian pies. I thought it was ballsy to go for this type of pizza place so close to Pizzeria Bianco but I think their well thought out and executed menu is going to surprise people in the area. This isn't really a negative just an FYI...although the menu would leave you to believe there is a sports bar theme with lots of TV's for watching games...there are not. It is a comfy place with good music and a great place to hang with friends.So glad that Pizza People is open! The truffle mac n cheese with chicken is my favorite so far. We can't get enough of the place so I feel confident we will have the entire menu sampled in no time. Pricing is so reasonable and the food is delicious!No more chasing down the food truck!  Amazing restaurant layout. Perfect to book a party. The extended menu is genius. Ten different kinds of Mac n cheese?  Nothing wrong with that.I tried this place on a Sunday afternoon on a whim and, I'm really glad I did!  The dining areas were very clean, open and inviting, in a way that creates an atmosphere where friends & families can enjoy each other's company or, watch a ball game in one of the big screen TV's behind the bar.  I was there on a father/daughter date.  I ordered the Seoul Fire Pizza and, my daughter ordered the The Hottie Pizza.  Both pizzas were outstanding!  I don't know who is responsible for the dough but, when baked into what can only be described as perfection, they were devoured with relish!  They have a very nice selection of beers on tap or, bottled if you prefer.  An A+ to the staff. The wait staff was very friendly & attentive without being intrusive.  The prices are very reasonably for the budget minded and, for the location, you could easily expect to pay much more. There is parking just to the right of the establishment or, even more convenient there is a light rail stop in front too.  Yes, I will be a return customer.Great food, great service, great atmosphere. All around great! Their vegan pizza is probably the best in the valley.What?!!!  I can now grab my favorite pizza any day of the week! Whoo hoo!!!Seriously one of the best pizza pies in town. I walked in knowing exactly what I wanted, but I am always up for trying more, and so happy I did! My meal included two Mac n Cheeses, the Mushroom and the Jalepeno with bacon (I always add bacon, it  makes everything better;) haha!), both were creamy and flavorful, I highly recommend them! My signature pizza, The Testosteroni, perfect as always with a crispy delicious crust. Spud Fingers which were a nice surprise, as I'm not always a huge fan of fingerling potatoes, but they were awesome and the ranch/dill dipping sauce was a great touch! And finally, the Jalepeno Poppers, mmmm. That's all:) 

Nothing bundt too damn far from my house.Nothing bundt fantastic!The chocolate chip cake with white cream cheese frosting is the best ever!

Thank you sugar factory and "Q". It was such a pleasant experience.One of my favorite happy hour places! 1/2 off cocktails, appetizers, and pizzas! Great servers and great food and laid back atmosphere! Only thing is they have a dead zone in the restaurant! But you can bring kids and still get happy hour! Woohoo!This has to have been the one "perfect" experience with dining that my girlfriend and I have had in Las Vegas on this trip. The service was very prompt and professional. Max was very attentive and made sure that all of our food was made properly and that everything tasted well. The food itself was especially good. I myself had the Sugar Factory Eggs Benedict, and everything tasted wonderful. This was my first experience with eggs Benedict and I was not disappointed. The location was well off the strip but was quieter as a result, which I definitely prefer. The restaurant was clean, and the atmosphere was more subtle than most Las Vegas locations.I would most definitely recommend this to anyone looking for good food, and custom candy inspired drinks/dishes.Absolutely amazing!! Another wonderful brunch. Max was our server and he was beyond our expectation (high standards)- and enjoyed our prolonged brunch!Excellent service from staff and especially Misty, our awesome server. Food was great! I definitely recommend this place.I love this place! The drinks are awesome & inventive. Very tasty too! And they have lots of vegan options too which is always nice when going out with non-vegan homies! :) Oh! & Scott is the BEST bartender ever. Super talkative and really friendly. Make sure you request him to make your drink!Sugar Factory in Town Square is one of my favorite places to enjoy a nice lunch! I was just there the other day with a group of friends and we had a great time. The service was wonderful and the presentation of the drinks and food was even better!Every time I go to Sugar Factory I get the Fried Macaroni & Cheese Pops as an appetizer. The sauce that's served with it makes it that much better! I also got the 4 Cheese Pizza and it was the best pizza I've ever had, plenty to share with a group of friends.Last, but not least, the drinks! The variety of cocktails they have to offer makes it fun to pick out which drink is the drink for you. When I was there I got the Passion Punch Goblet. It's delicious because it's fruity and sweet at the same time. They have a Happy Hour promotion going on every night for 50% OFF cocktails. Sugar Factory is definitely the perfect place to spend a great afternoon.

The barbershop creates an atmosphere of camaraderie, I'm always glad to drive in from Mesa just to hear the jokes!I love this place. Great cuts fantastic shaves and a friendly staff. Roman does a great cut for me, and is good with kids.  Make time one day for the full cut with shave and mask. Takes about 45 minutes but you feel great for days after.My boyfriend gets his hair cut by Ronnie. He always does such a great job and my boyfriends haircut always looks super fresh!!!! I highly recommend Uptown!!It was tough finding a barbershop when moving to a new state, but Uptown Barbershop is where it's at. Especially being from the east coast where I'm used to a certain style of cut and this place is the closest that I have found that comes close.I started coming to Uptown Barbershop a few months back. My experience here has been fantastic. First few times I got a haircut from the lady and she did a good job. Then I tried the taller guy who has the middle chair which also gave me a  great cut. I love this place because no matter which barber cuts my hair it always comes out just as I like it. I can't say the same for some of my previous experiences with other places in the neighborhood. Since I don't have a barber preference my wait time is drastically cut down and I can get in and out quickly. This place is by far the best barbershop in the valley. I highly recommend you check them out!This Barbershop rocks and gets better and better with every visit.  Rony is a true professional in a craft that is filled with posers.  He's been cutting my hair for 10 years now for a very specific reason, he's the best.  He holds his staff to the same high standards and treats all of his customers, new and old alike, like welcome friends.  Rony Yugadev is officially the #1 Barber in the state of AZ, no competition.  Do yourself a favor and check this REAL Barbershop out.  You'll make it a personal tradition after your first visit.My fiancé and I recently moved here and we were on a mission to find the best barber shop in town! After doing some research, we found this gem. The staff is amazing and makes you feel like you're with close friends and family. They know exactly what they're doing and it shows. Alejandra cut my fiancés hair and it looked amazing. She's wonderful and I definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a dapper cut. My fiancé is now a loyal customer!Great people great cuts and awesome prices. I get compliments all the time on Roman's work and I always come out feeling good. The hot towel and shave as well as shoulder massage (via a machine) makes the Barber Shop experience one worth revisiting. Come here...call ahead or walk in too.'Cause Uptown (barbershop) gon' give it to you!

-  5-min from Red Rock Canyon

Orange Mio Espresso was the best way to top off the mealMake reservations and go!Don't forget to hit the photobooth before you leave. It is quite hidden by the front desk.Hands down the nicest dining experience I have ever had!  My wife and I went for my 40th birthday dinner. From start to finish was exemplary. Upon being seated we were greeted by the manager Laurant, and invited to a table which had just come available.  It was a wonderful window table with an amazing view.  We started with two outstanding signature cocktails and four appetizers. Orzo meatballs, marinated olives, a blue cheese plate with pears and honeycomb and a crostini. By the time we were done with the appetizers we had gotten into our bottle of wine which was suggested to us by Darius, the master sommelier. He nailed it.  Next was a kale salad and it was fabulous. Our last dish was a truffle barley pasta. All dishes were genuinely flavorful and delightful.  To finish it all off we had a couple of little desserts and coffee.  Our server Kevin allowed my to enjoy my dishes at my pace. I eat slow and savor my meals. I felt comfortable to enjoy the ambience, my wife, the view, the wine, and the food for all it was worth.  Thanks to all at Giada!Very pricy, but good. We shared the prime rib with egg on top $74. it was very good. It was a bit too charred on the tip, but the rest was wonderful. We had the crispy polenta which was two small medallions with a very tasty tomato sauce. This was too small, two more medallions would have been better. Asparagus were Cooke perfect. 

we love this place :-(I finally got to come in for flight night last Friday. It was $15 for 3 glasses of wine! At first I thought it was just going to be smaller pours but nope, these were the real deal FULL pours of wine! We also ordered the scotch egg which was AMAZING. I think this is the best scotch egg I've ever had and definitely the best one in town! We also ordered a cheese board. I meant to get the meat and cheese board but the girl asked me if I wanted the half size which I went with, turns out the half size is just cheese. Really great cheese though! Lots of crazy things that I can't identify...one had fruit in it, another one was all black and marbled....Great place to chill and hang out. We also stopped in last Thursday for free wine tasting which they do from time to time and Metropolis was playing on tv....so cool!9 ounces of amazing wine for $12! Their wine flight was Italian tonight, the same as their free wine tasting. I got to choose my three favorite wines from the tasting and make a flight. So cool. The vibe at Bar M is chill. Music is good too.This is by far my favorite spot to hang out in Urbana. I'm SO happy that they opened in Urbana, because even though Champaign isn't far from my house, it's really nice to have such a cool spot so close to home. I'm in the process of studying for a major board exam, so I love coming to Bar M and getting a beer and studying in this environment in the early evening. The atmosphere is super chill and comforting. I love that they have the option of sitting at a table as well as the comfortable chairs. The staff is seriously top notch. Friendly, knowledgable, and they always remember me and my husband when we come in and ask how we're doing. Their decor is more in line with a cool Chicago spot than a bar in the middle of Urbana. The beer is always fresh, and they have realllllly good happy hour deals. All in all, I give them an A+++!KateI like Bar M a lot! They have trivia sometimes and I've been to many events in the back. A great space and an entry way into the alley if you want to chill outside or casually graze into Sip Yard. Great wine and beer selection and they have awesome cheeses/sausage to try from. I heard they make their own cured meats?! Either way, from what I've tried, it's been delicious (along with their pizzas but that's the Pizza M side of the building). I like the atmosphere and it can be a very cozy place to have some friends get together or to host an event.Comparer à l'ancien MtlStar la place est très propre. Le goût est toujours délicieux. Pour 13$ et quelques j'ai acheté un triple steak en trio. Très nourrissant comparer à Mcdo. Avec 13$ un trio qui ne me remplit jamais. Par contre si on peut avoir plus de sauce sera très idéal. Un petit pot n'est pas assez au départ.Anyway pour le prix, rien de mal à direOh wow, been wanting to try this place and I just almost have no words to describe how good and how stuffed up I am lol their classic sandwich is amazing, it's jam packed with deliciousness. I would recommend this place out of all the places that are near by.Most effective workout I've ever done!  Every class is different and the classes keep changing. Your body is constantly challenged and it keeps it effective and fun.  In addition to a great workout, the owner and instructors are fantastic. They do a great job of creating a community.Thx Hailey for a great workout after not attending for about three weeks due to travelingI can not be more happy and excited and loving toward my new puppy from this place! It was hard at first to find the place since they're brand new and had no visible signs out yet. Once I came into the building, I was approached by a hurdle of adorable little puppies behind a fence but just waiting to hug me! :) With pink decorated walls, the place was really clean and felt very homey. Jennifer was so friendly and nice, and did not hesitate to have me place with the puppies. She was very good and motherly to all of them, and gave excellent service. We bought our puppy for a pretty great price, considering what some of the other pet stores have to offer, especially for shih tzus (our puppy). She had a few of her first shots done, not yet spayed, but i did not regret a single thing. Our puppy has been very loving, and a couple of amazing things about her is that she eats her food and treats and, most of all,........she is pretty much potty trained! Accidents happen, but what puppy doesn't go through that. I will definitely recommend this place to any person who is in for buying a brand new puppy, specifically a shih tzu, yorkie, morkie, or bulldog. They all looked very cute and well taken care of. Plus, I will be returning soon for a free bath for Mika, my baby shih tzu! Thanks Jennifer!!Words cannot express how grateful I am to have stumbled upon Jennifer and how highly we recommend her store! We've been searching for a few months now for the perfect forever friend for our Mal-shi (Maltese shih tzu) boy, Kuma. And because of a member of our family that has allergies, we were specifically looking for hypoallergenic dogs, which we all know can come with a hefty price tag. But this wasn't the case with Puppy Town! The price we paid is unbeatable for the breed we chose! As soon as we walked in, we fell in love with a little Morkie (Maltese Yorkie) girl. We could tell she and the other puppies were happy and well taken care of by Jennifer and her family. The little pups all took turns playing and running around in the fenced area of the store, and Jennifer was even potty pad training them! Needless to say, when we took our Morkie girl, Yumi, home, it was easy to continue the potty training! Jennifer also made the transition easy by giving us some of the food Yumi was eating there to mix with the food we were already feeding Kuma. But those that had ever changed their pet's food know that there's gonna be some soft serve regardless, and Jennifer made THAT cleanup easier by cutting down the hair around Yumi's genital area too! All those little gestures - the socialization and playtime with other puppies, potty training sessions, some food to take home, the lifesaving grooming, and not to mention, the follow up text to see how Yumi was doing - mixed with the amazing price makes this place (and Jennifer) one of a kind! Thank you so much, Jennifer, for not only showing such kindness to us but also to the puppies there! You've restored my faith in pet stores!We purchased Chanel (Maltese) puppy a week ago and she is such a great addition to the family. Walking into puppy town for the first time, it was love at first sight for the family and I!!! The staff at puppy town truly care for the puppies not like other pet stores where they are just a number. The price for the puppies here are reasonable with a good guarantee. They also sell tea cup for the ones who are looking. When i decide to purchase another dog in the future it will be from here.We just got the best puppy ever from Puppy Town 6 days ago.  She is smart, healthy and absolutely adorable.  She has had a great appetite from the time we got her home.  I don't know how a puppy that's been in a pet store could know how to play so well.  

 if you like sea food or american food , or chinnese food, japanese food,go there.

2. If you go looking for skillets (like i did), you will not find any here.  Don't be deterred, though.  The menu carries a good variety, and the food is awesome.

My only regret is not getting this sooner cause I was hesitant on how heavy it was and the loupes in school that I had were heavy and gave me a headache. So glad I have these a try and don't think I can work without them anymore. Thanks again and looking forward to everything this company has to offer.UPDATE: I had the opportunity to go to the dental hygiene convention in Las Vegas. After giving them my story and answer all of their questions, snap on optics reps were very nice, they listened and offer me an apology! I was very happy to know they actually care. As I mentioned before it was not the 2$ but the principal!! They refunded me the $2 and they sent me a free-awesome-cool red frames for my loupes. Thank you snap on optics!! You are great!!I had a good experience with Snap On Optics.  I felt the battery was too sensitive to the touch but they tried to help me figure out what the problem was.  Ray really has great customer service skills.  He really worked with me and was understanding.  I am using the product now and the light has made a world of difference.  I've been practicing for 14 years and I feel like I've got new set of eyes.  Love the light!!!  I don't think I can go back to practicing dentistry without the snap on light.i got a pair of  loupes from snap on optics.  i love them, they are light and very well designed. Ray, the owner, is so professional and helpful on the phone.  He only needs my eye prescription and my picture in order to make the loupes and i don't even have to come in his office. the loupes are amazing, i could see much better and my dental work came out excellent. i am so happy to have these loupes. also their light is bright and i could see very clearly. i would highly recommend snap on optics loupes and light  to anyone i know.  thanks so much Ray and Snap on optics.Exceptional customer service!  I ordered a replacement battery pack for my UltaLight Optics light. There was an issue with the order, and it didn't ship right away. Snap On Optics made it right, and they sent me a composite filter and light for free. The following week, my UltraLight Optics Feather Light stopped working. I called them up, and they said that it wasn't under warranty anymore, because I had the older model. They were going to charge me $245, to replace just my light.  Snap On Optics told me to send in my UltraLight and battery pack, and they sent me two battery packs, a light, a case, and a composite filter for only $200. Snap On Optics has got it right. Take care of the Dr. and stand behind your product. That's a winning business model.I have been practicing Dentistry for over 30 years and have been using magnification for almost 25 years. I started with Designs for Vision, then Orascoptic, then Surgitel, then Sheer Vision and  finally Snap on Optics. The changes were made due to weight, magnification and cost. Snap on Optics is able to deliver all 3 without compromising any of the things I feel are essential to good glasses. The quality of the product and the value you get cannot be beat. The owner, Ray, always accommodates my needs. His customer service is 5 stars. Thanks for the VIP treatment I always get from Snap on Optics.This local loupes company is the definition of quality customer service. I've been purchasing from them for three years and they continue to deliver great customer service. When a package was sent out to the wrong address, they immediately sent out a new package and shipped speedily to me on their dime. When a pair of loupes broke on me, they replaced them with a new pair for a small fee. When I brought my loupes to them at a convention with a missing screw, they located the pieces needed while I was in my classes and texted me as soon as they found them and replaced them for me at no cost. The workers are super friendly and always willing to assist you. I highly recommend this company.One of the best companies that I have ever dealt with.Great products and AMAZING customer service and represenatives.Attentive,attention to detail and knowledgable.Yesterday I received a call after 6 PM from Gloria instructing me how to recalibrate my battery and she'd be available should I need additional help.It doesn't get better than this company.David Firestone DDSHave used their light source for at least the past 3 years. Great product and OUTSTANDING customer service. Can't recommend them highly enough.Great price for the light and it's a really good light. Having 2 batteries is essential, and they charge really quick. What sold me the most was the customer service. The owner called me personally after I had an issue with ordering and he was extremely kind and helpful. Definitely would recommend.Just had their spicy tuna!! Awesome!!Listening to a local radio station and heard about this store.  Found it, met owner Frank, and ordered some shoyu poke and poi.  Frank made a fresh batch of poke that was seasoned slightly different than I'm used to, but it was Ono!  Looking forward to stopping by again when I am in the neighborhood!  Mahalo Frank.First visit, couple running the place

The only thing that didn't impress me was the Lychee-tini. It was small, too strong, & quite frankly tasted like I was drinking a combo of liquid soap & nail polish remover.We tried out Ramen and Whiskey on a quiet Sunday afternoon. The appetizer was good. The garlic chile edamame added a unique twist on a familiar snack. The ramen was quite good, especially the broth with extra portions of pork. We are only in town for a week, but we will try to visit again.First time here tonight - randomly ended up here. My friend and I went downtown to try Carson Kitchen down the street, but parked in front of Itsy Bitsy and was lured in by the name and the idea of Ramen & Whiskey. Once we stepped inside, there was no turning back.Great ambiance inside - from the art on the walls, the dim lighting and the old school hip hop music .. It all seemed promising. Bad reception inside though, so we couldn't check out the Yelp reviews to help us decide, but decided to take a chance anyways! We were not disappointed!They do have free wifi, so that was a plus. We shared an appetizer and my friend got a ramen with two extra toppings and a cocktail while I got their ramen + whiskey deal for $20 (any ramen + any whiskey (neat)). Their ramen broth was delicious! And the Japanese whiskey our waiter recommended for me was also great - if I was more of a whiskey neat drinker, I'm sure I would've loved it more lol.But the best part was that when our server brought us our check, he told us they took 20% off our bill because they had seen that I posted on their Yelp page! How awesome was that?!They also bring out your check inside of old manga books, which we thought was pretty cool.Definitely coming back here again!I was headed to downtown Las Vegas for dinner at another restaurant, but stumbled upon this gem while looking for parking. I'm SO glad we decided to come here instead! The ramen is flavorful and fairly priced. The drink menu is awesome as well. All of the restaurant staff was friendly and helpful in making menu choices. The ambiance is awesome - they played old school hip hop music and have the coolest art. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Las Vegas!Food was absolutely wonderful!  This was our first experience with Japanese whiskey and the server was very knowledgable.  Would definitely recommend as an affordable tasty stop.The fact that I live in San Jose, so far away from Itsy Bitsy, is so bittersweet for me. If I lived in Vegas, I would be here all the time indulging in their amazing ramen and small plates because I think it's that good. But with that also means all my money would be getting spent all the time here - yikes! I came here for a my first time this past week with my roommate who said that this ramen would rank up as one of my favorites. Considering the fact that I am a huge ramen lover, I had to take her up on that... And boy she wasn't kidding! The tonkotsu ramen broth is one of the best I've had, along with their decadent noodles. Their gyoza was cooked to perfection and the dipping sauce that goes along with it is wildly addicting. Not to mention their trendy restaurant decor has you interested in the environment throughout the entire experience. Their workers were also really down to earth, often checked in with our table, and willing to provide exceptional service whenever asked. I plan on returning to Itsy Bitsy on the regular now whenever I'm in Vegas. This place for sure gets five stars from me! I would add extra too for the awesome music they play, thanks Itsy Bitsy!This place was a great surprise. Nice decor, good people and very good food. Frank was very nice and explained the different items. Spicy ramen was great. ???? Sausage appetizer was worth the visit in itself. Perfectly cooked. Proses were very fair and we will definitely go back.Great atmosphere. I completely understand the 15 minute wait list, this place is awesome. The bartenders make honest recommendations and are lively. The ramen is actually very tasty and priced fairly. I usually visit jinya but was recommended to this location by a friend. I owe them big time, or a bowl of ramen! The DJ kept the energy and excitement high. Thank you so much for such a wonderful experience. Expect to see me back!Flew in from CA. This was my first stop. This place is awesome. Atmosphere and decor, 10 out of 10. Ramen 20 out of 10. I will come back here every time I touch down in Vegas.Took my mum here for lunch. We had a new server and she was an absolute doll. My mum had the coconut coffee which was magically delicious and i had the coconut lemonade which was mighty delightful. Started off with some apps which included temoura vegetables, mushroom spring rolls & shrimp pot stickers and wow oh wow! So very good. The mushroom spring rolls were so good i ordered them to go at the end. The tuna salad was so fresh and every bite was a piece of heaven. The ramen i have to be honest needs some work. Though i enjoyed the noodles there was no striking flavors there. And the pieces of pork are very large. Maybe cut them into smaller pieces. Thank you to all staff and cooks for a memorable and flavorful experience. Looking forqard to coming back someday.The food is great!  Chicken Katz Ramen and burger were awesome!  Don't miss the mushroom rolls Mmm!  Great location!Dynamite! We had ramen  (vegetarian and meat), mushroom spring rolls, and kimchi. All were delicious. Cheap PBR for happy hour! And we had sake bombs. Everyone was really friendly and the food was awesome. Definitely coming back. Maybe even in this same trip...This places ambiance is excellent. Friends and I went Saturday night while cruising downtown. The DJ was great! The music never got bad even for a song. The food was insanely good! Had their spicy miso soup and it was probably the best i've ever had. The palce was just awesome; even the art work on the walls. Because we went during ahppy hour also, the price blew me away with how cheap it was. I would go here everyday if I was closer to it.Ughhhhhh this place was so good! I really really really enjoyed this place! If you're looking for some good ramen, this is definitely the go to place. They also have other choices if you aern't a fan of ramen. I ordered the katsu burger and it was pretty heavy. It's not actually katsu as the patty but it was pretty much a burger coated with panko. I really enjoyed it and comes with fries that are topped off with seaweed bits. Mmmmmmmmmused to be known as 'terrible service but great food'. with a new manager, new inventive menu from a new head chef, and new servers... this place is now the kitty's titties that i knew it could always be. 

Best hours!

Note to owners: please open this restaurant in the La Quinta, CA area!!! We need a burger place like this!!Gourmet burgers - loved it. Meat is so moist and delicious. Off the strip but I think it's worth it. Definitely would recommend this place. No reservations - came at lunch time and had to wait 40min Oxtail fries is a mustI anxiously awaited my visit to Las Vegas, just so I could try Bachi Burger.  I had heard so much about it, and it was all good!   First of all, the location-  off the strip at the South end of town.  It was conveniently located just four short blocks away from our RV resort, which was quite welcome after already having driven about 5 1/2 hours to get to Vegas.  The restaurant :  Kinda hard to find the entrance, but once we did, we were seated without a wait.  We arrived at about 5:45 on a Thursday.  I was surprised at how small this place was.  It looks like it only seated about 50 people.  The environment was very industrial chic.The food: ORGASMIC, MINDBLOWING, AMAZING!  O.K.  I think you get the picture.  I loved the food.  We started with the oxtail chili cheese fries.  These super crisp fries are topped with a fair amount of the delicious chili, cheese sauce, and a perfect sunny side up egg.   My son built his own burger with an angus patty, cheese, bacon, and crispy onion rings.  My husband and I shared the Miagi-son burger.  It had an angus beef patty, furikake seasoning, carmelized bacon, fried egg, and chili aoli.  It was great!I of course enjoyed their house Chardonnay, and my husband enjoyed his icy cold (however a bit pricy) craft brew.Even though I came here with a very large group at almost closing time, the staff was very accommodating to our needs. And because I was in a very big group, I was able to try a few dishes. We ordered the Shogun Burger, Pork Belly Steamed Buns, Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and Edamame. Both the burger and pork belly had a delicious mix of unique flavors and tender meat, I was impressed. Although it is a little bit of a drive from the strip, it's worth the trip if you have a friend sober enough to drive ;)Rarely do I give 5 stars to any place but this is a great burger place. My friends and I ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries, pork belly sliders and Chicken nuggets thing for our starters. The pork belly sliders we could've done without but the other two, were freaken tasty as hell! The fries were tasty to another level, The chicken nuggets things were so good, I pretty much ate the whole plate by myself. I ordered the Ronin burger which had all kinds of delicious on it! It had an egg, cole slaw, onions and all kinds of other stuff that I can't remember! It was too good. Everyone should come here and eat here!!!Unique. Fantastic! Loved it!  We had a great lunch here after trying it for the first time.  It was around 2pm when we walked in and there was about a 10 minute wait.  I thought it would be an off time coming in but they were busy!  It must be a winner!We decided to try a few different burgers and split them so we could taste a couple different things on the menu.  Our choices were the Kiki Burger and Spicy Miso Burger. ~ the Kiki Burger had a fabulous blend of sauteed mushrooms, caramelized bacon and garlic chili aioli.  The flavorful bacon really stood out.  The buttery soft bun complimented this so perfect. The angus beef was absolutely cooked to perfection.  This burger is an A+!~the Spicy Miso burger was also such a delectable, mouth watering treat for my taste buds!  The unique combination of pepper mayo, onion, cheese and apple vinaigrette sent my world spinning!  Not to mention that they inserted a fried egg in between all of the other yummy ingredients.  WOW!! On the side we went with the Truffle Parmesan and Sweet Potato Fries.  OH YEAH! They were crispy, full of flavor and served with a delicious dipping sauce.  This was great to change it up from the usual ketchup.   The truffle sauce gave the fries a different yet fabulous flavor with a hint of garlic taste.  Score!  The Sweet potato fries were just as delicious.  They were crispy and perfect with their chosen dipping sauce.  I'm not sure what this was but I was in heaven! I can't write this review without mentioning the phenomenal service they provided!  Our waitress was attentive, so friendly and courteous! She even asked us if we had any food allergies that the kitchen should be aware of.  This was the first time anyone ever asked me this!  That's amazing to me!  Plus they had others walking around with water pitchers to refill our glasses even when they weren't even half gone!  All restaurants should do this! Why did I wait to long to try Bachi Burger? Now that I know how delicious their food is, I hope not to wait so long for my second visit.  If you want a different flare of a burger flavor...  this is definitely the place to go!   Can you tell I loved it?i'm so glad i'm going back to LV in 2 weeks cuz i can't wait to come back here to try some more burgers!  i didn't know a burger could be so good.  the patties were seasoned well, cooked perfectly.  the bread was soft and didn't dominate, the toppings were all so unique.  and they all blend perfectly.we ordered

Sushi:  Deep Sea Porgy, Yellow Grouper, Cornet, King Yellowtail, Triangle, Sea Urchin over Salmon Roe, Sea Eel, Sweet Omelet

Through our association with JMI we have also made key high level business contacts and had the opportunity to network with individuals who have stretched our thinking. 

If your party has more than 4 people, they will put you in the room in the back and make the omakase meal for $65/pp.  with such exquisite flavor and taste, I think it's worth every penny.

- spicy eggplant

my friend got gelato for dessert, which i tasted, and was so good. i'd definitely go back if i were in the area again. it's a cool place to just hang out as well, all the staff seemed really friendly and i really liked the atmosphere.I Just ... Like This Place Alot.Ground Control is not like any other coffee house but then again Ground Control is much more then a coffee house.  Ground Control has a relaxed feel and the food and service have always been excellent. Ground Control offers  daily and weekly specials at a very reasonable price.On my very first visit to Ground Control I was drawn to the  Gelato case.  I have to admit next to a good Italian ice Gelato is my second sweet tooth weakness.  I will not  claim to be a Gelato expert, however, I have tatsed many Gelato's and I can say in  confidence that Ground Controls Gelato is the real deal, this  gelato is  very good.  I always struggle choosing between the lemon or blood orange (blood orange usually wins). I wish I could say that  I have tried many items off the menu but that just isn't the case.  The reason why I haven't explored more items off the menu is because I am addicted to the  pizza, which is cooked in a wood fired oven.  The pizza at Ground Control is excellent. Try the B-B-Q it's delicious (get a side order of garlic parm fries, very tasty)The wine and beer lists are likewise excellent.

1. Baby beets and pickled egg (I don't like beets OR pickled egg, but yes... this was pretty good)

Caring, generous, supportive, inspirational..... they are truly wonderful people.  I cannot say enough good things about them.Not only are they good people but they are great chiropractors.  I've been seeing a chiro since I was in high school due to a sports injury.  And I was distraught when I moved from Southern CA because I didn't know what I would do.... for a while I drove back to SoCA every 4-6 weeks for a routine adjustment with my chiro there.  And then I was referred to Dr. Ed... and I've been thrilled with the service for the past 3 years.I always leave feeling better physically and emotionally.  They have such a soothing office and way with people that you can't help to feel more relaxed when you leave.Dr. Ed and his wife are the greatest. I highly recomend them. Dr. Ed is extremely knowledgable and truly cares about the well being of his patients. If you are in need of chiropractic care you would be doing yourself a huge disservice by not coming here. That is a PROMISE!!!!Great Chiropractor! He absolutely knows what he is doing!  

Artichoke dip - Definitely not like any I had had before but it was really good as well. It also comes with chips and pita bread so it's nice to have a choice.

I pawned my laptop and iPad with them a few months back on October and from day one they were so helpful. I was told I had 90 days until they added interest which seem like a long ways away until i moved to California and before I knew it my 90 days were coming up. I didn't know what to do because I wouldn't be able to get to Arizona in time, with my work schedule and all. Thankfully, they allowed a close friend of mine who still resides in AZ go in and extend it for me. Which was very nice of them because I know the restrictions when it comes to liability and ownership. A few weeks ago I decided it was time to pay my laptop and iPad off and get it back but I didn't know how I would do it. Chad and Javier (the managers there) worked with me on it and were willing to ship it to me as long as I had proof that I was the one who pawned it. I sent over my information and sent them a little extra money for the shipping cost and they sent it out! I received it yesterday, packaged with care and no harm done. I'm very thankful for their service and I would recommend this store to ANYONE. They also have pretty cool stuff in there. Check it out. Thanks Pawn 1t!Paletas Betty sells fantastic paletas (ice cream bars) that are completely homemade, and delicious. I tried their fresa con crema and it was delightful. Full of strawberries and perfectly sweetened, it was extremely tasty. They change their menu frequently, and that's a bit of a concern since there are already about 9 flavors I'm dying to try. Friendly, $2.75 a pop, and each one includes a sticker, which is fun.I dig that these are light and made with sugar and real fruit and spices and stuff, so they don't taste artificial or syrupy or anything like that. They're a good size for a snack, but that's not to say it's going to become a healthy habit for me to munch through a few of these every week, especially considering they're a stone's throw from my office...This place is great. Exactly what Mill Avenue needed. Something somewhat healthy, homemade, and DELICIOUS. If you haven't been, this place is a must try.This place is adorable. My man and I went inside just to check it out when we were strolling by on Mill Avenue. We LOVE paletas, and it was so strange to see a small shop dedicated to them. The place is clean, simple, and reminiscent of a pinkberry or similar yogurt shop.Unlike a pinkberry, the name behind the brand, Betty, is also the face behind the counter. She is very passionate about what she prepares and explained that she only uses the freshest of ingredients (she even said that the mango chile paletas are not currently available because the mangos are still ripening). I got the fresa con creme - strawberries n cream (I love the creamy ones), and my boyfriend got amanecer - pineapple with raspberry. Both were excellent. It took every ounce of will power not to get seconds.If you compare the price to what you would spend at a Mexican market, they are expensive. But I would much rather spend $3 on a fresh, delicious fruit bar than on a single scoop at baskin robbins. I cant wait to try more flavors. Arroz con leche is up next.HOORAY for an alternative to too-big bowls of ice cream and nasty non-fat frozen yogurt on Mill!  These frozen treats are delicious- you can tell they're freshly made and there's a great variety to choose from.  Eight year old loves the key lime pie (has a graham cracker crust on one side. yum); 2 1/2 year old loves the strawberry; my current favorite is the pineapple and raspberry, but I'm looking forward to moving onto some creamier, dairy-filled delights when I can start eating dairy again.  On that note, this place is great for people with food allergies- no wheat? no dairy? no problem- everything here is great!I don't often give five stars but Paletas Betty is a wonderful addition to the Mill avenue experience - fresh Latin American frozen treats on a stick made with fresh fruits and nuts and spices, what is not to love, especially when the prices is only about $3. I had the banana foster one today made with rum and cinnamon and the one with roasted pecans is an experience unto itself. Because they use fresh fruits the types of Paletas change based on what is in season, which is a nice touch and a good way to make sure there is always something new to check out. By the way, the little bit in the right hand corner is from the mold they use and indicates, I think, that they are home-made.Whatever they are, they are really good.By the way, to get the plastic sheath off, tug upward a little bit on each side of the Paleta to separate it from the cover and then pull it off, then enjoy! :-)I love the original Paletas Betty in Chandler, and was excited to see they had opened up another shop on Mill.  They are open late at this location (until midnight) which is very nice if you are craving late night dessert!  On some days this location is on Groupon Now which allows you to get $10 of paletas for $5 if you redeem the Groupon the same day you buy it.  This will get you ~4 paletas with an extra dollar or so to add to your total bill.Paletas Betty has one of the best desserts I have found in the Phoenix area. The paletas are made with fresh fruit and nuts. They taste amazing. We tried the pineapple and the pecan flavors. The pineapple was an explosion of fresh fruit flavor. The pecan had a rich, milky flavor that was accented nicely with the nuts. I recommend both flavors.The person working in the shop was extremely courteous and knowledgeable. He explained all about the store and how the various paletas are made. He also answered our questions.I will definitely be back to try more paletas and I hope that this shop thrives for a long time to come.===

Nice variety of grilled fish and meat

THANK YOU JOSEPHINESKAUGHT....keep rockingI waited all my life to find someone who takes care of my curly hair like Allison does! She is sweet, patient, hilarious, and incredibly talented at not just haircuts but color too. I would never let anyone else touch my hair. I love telling people about her when I get compliments on my curls, which happens so often it's awkward! She also recently changed my husband's style to a gentleman's cut and we both LOVE it. She has more creativity and talent in her little finger than I have in my whole body! She will pamper you while you get your trim or completely change your look into something fresh and amazing. You'll feel like a new person!What's there not to like about this place? In the heart of Vegas' 18b Art District, it's a 5 min drive from my house.  As i settle in for a shampoo, I look up to find local art on the walls as i melt under Allison's scalp massage. My eyes close and I let myself go as indie rock plays over the speakers. I'm offered a beer, and you know what? Sometimes i accept because gosh darnit, i deserve it. I walk out of there with a dope haircut, a relaxed smile, and barely a dent to my wallet. Did i mention how awesome Allison is? Thanks always.I just left my first visit here and let me start off by saying they have the best customer service I have ever experienced in a salon. I was greeted at the door with smiles and kindness and was offered beverages multiple times. My hair stylist was Amanda and she is absolutely incredible! She took my hair from a grown-out, faded red, to an incredible dark brown with honey blonde ombré balayage highlights. The pricing wasn't as bad as I expected, I probably would have paid the same amount and gotten half as good of a job at a different salon. It's perfect and I love it and I will definitely be coming back!Georgia cuts my hair phenomenally, she fades it well and my hard part is real clean.  I love the scalp massage and the hot towel on my face.Every experience I have had here is amazing. From styling my wedding hair, to average haircuts, to the Brazilian blow out, each time has been better than the last. The staff are incredibly professional and friendly. I love Allison! She's got a great bubbly personality that keeps you entertained throughout your appointment. On top of that, she's extremely detail-oriented and has a great sense of style that keeps my hair looking great.

The drinks were perfect, the traditional Eggs Benedict was amazing. Lots of meat, and a great hollandaise sauce that's oozing with goodness. As with all places Wynn, a bit on the expensive side. But you also pay for the luxury to never leave your resort, and be confident you are not missing much outside by roaming the strip for food. That's an oxymoron in and of itself. Our service was awesome, the waitstaff was amazing and looked happy to be there for us on Christmas Day!Amazing relaxing breakfast place! Highly recommended! If you're looking for incredible personalized service with great food this is definitely at the top of the list. We got the eggs spinach Benedict pancakes and roasted hash browns. Everything was made to perfection. The jam is home made served with an assortment of bread rolls. I mentioned our engagement to the waitress and they ended off our brunch with a surprise chocolate covered strawberry dessert :)Get there early or make a reservation. It's busy, and for good reason. The food is very good. Recommendation: the white chocolate, orange zest french toast. I don't usually care for french toast but allow me to say that you would be more than simply remiss to not order this dish. Allow me to present an analogy: french toast from Denny's is to a Toyota Avalon as french toast from Tableau is a Brabus S Class*.*if you're not familiar with a Brabus S Class, then you need to step your game up, player.Christmas brunch done in style.

It's seriously the happiest place I've been regularly in Henderson, since our normal habit is to eat at home.  There is nothing to rival Bread and Butter, even in NoCal where I sit right now and type this, wishing for one of Chris' baguettes to dip into my homeade rosemary olive oil.  

I love their Friday happy hour menu! $5 mussels! Can't beat that!!!! Also they have other happy hour menus for different days of the week. 

Lastly, Earl of Sandwich has Pepsi products! A lot of people don't have a strong opinion when it comes to the Pepsi vs. Coke battle, but I am Team Pepsi all the way, so that was the icing on the cake for me!Awesome roastbeef sandwich.  The original. Very soft and fresh bread and meat. Nice sauce too. 7 bucks only.No Vegas trip is complete without at least a couple late night trips to Earl.  We went twice while I was there recently.  My three buddies who had never heard of Earl are now hooked and frantically searching for an Earl near them.  I got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado the first time and the Full Montagu the second time.  They got the original both times.  The food is awesome, reasonably priced and they are super efficient.  I just wish they would open one in Connecticut.Great sandwiches. Fresh and tasty. Sides are great too. I had one of the best Mac n cheese here.Date of visit: 4/18/2015Earl of Sandwich is my Vegas comfort food place of choice. I can always depend on them for a great sandwich and soup after a long night of clubbing. Or, in this case, after drinking too much free champagne at a pool party.Since I don't really remember what everyone else got (there were about 14 of us) I'll just say that my Earl's Club with avocado and Tomato Soup was awesome. All of the ingredients tasted fresh and the avocado was actual avocado pieces, not avocado mush. My sandwich was also perfectly toasted and had just the right amount of mayo. The tomato soup was also a nice complement to my entire meal.The only downside was that the coffee from one of the dispensers was cold. However, the other dispenser was still pretty warm, so Cam and I drank from that one. I was just really craving some coffee.Great breakfast sandwiches. Hot & fresh sandwich. Their bread is amazing!!! This was my first trip here and I'll be back for lunch later today.I don't think I could ever get sick of this place. No Vegas trip is complete without a stop here anyways - at whatever time of the day, thanks to it being open 24/7!Default order: Chipotle Chicken Avocado

*In less than 6 months, plan has been utilized numerous times - I have saved a ton of $$$ by having this plan!

The team use to offer a glass of champagne with a piece of cotton candy. I really hope they are able to bring this back as it is do nice to get pampered and enjoy a glass of champagne. Ask for Ashley or Dallas. Both are amazing.I am awful at doing my own hair. So when I discovered Blowout Dollhouse my life got so much easier & my hair so much sexier ! I get blowouts here on a weekly basis because their price is affordable and the service is awesome ! My stylist is Angie & she has mastered the perfect blowout for my hair. Latoya, the owner, did a wonderful job at designing an adorable salon that feels like a second home to me. She has a great team of friendly staff that can all do bombshell blowouts. They also conveniently provide mobile blowouts where the stylist comes to you! Lauren is my mobile stylist and she is amazing too! Whenever I don't have time to make it into the salon, she is so flexible with my schedule. She has last minute saved my hair from looking flat & boring countless times. I highly recommend her.I got married in Vegas a few weeks ago and Blowout doll house came to my hotel room and did my Hair and Makeup they also did my daughter and stepdaughters hair and makeup. All I can say is Shari you rock. I forgot the other girls name my bad I think it was Ivette but she was amazing with my girls. I highly recommend this company nothing but professional and satisfying customer service. Very excellent job ladies.I came here for a hair style that would hold up all day for a public event I was attending.  I really wanted curls & usually they don't last because my hair is so thick and long. I didn't have to worry though because the stylist who did my hair was amazing. My curls looked perfect all night,  and even the next day. I really didn't want to wash my hair because I wanted to keep my perfect curls forever. Never before have I had curls that lasted more than even a few hours. I was super impressed. I refer them to everyone now. They definitely take their time and work at achieving perfect results. Also love the cute location and the parade of tea party girls that came through! :-)Just saw my girl Arliss and I now have a fabulous moms-night-out worthy blowout.  The back of my head has never looked better!  Arliss gave me a spa-like shampoo with my choice of essential oil in the conditioner.  I chose spearmint.  So refreshing!  The blow out that followed was so relaxing I almost fell asleep in the chair.I followed Arliss from another salon because she seems to know intuitively what I want and she takes the time to get my hair just right.  I don't walk out until she's satisfied.  I'm lazy about my hair, so I need that stylist help.The ambience at Blowout Dollhouse is cheerful and girly.  Love it.  And now I've discovered the second floor at Tivoli Village.  I'm looking forward to coming back and checking out some of the other shops.  See you next week!Dallas is like Yoda with scissors. Her Jedi hair skills are unmatched by any mortal. Hahaha j/k she is awesome though..... And might I add very easy on the eyes. My wife and I both love her and her work.Blowout Dollhouse is THE place to go for the perfect blowouts, up dos and more! They can take a picture and recreate it like magic. Ashley and Angie have got it down to a science! Love these beautiful dolls!!Wow!  I love how healthy and bouncy my hair looked for my PodBrother holiday video!  I felt confident for the show and my party!  Angie did such a wonderful scalp massage treatment, added essential oil of choice and then blew out stylish curls!  I always feel like a princess when Dallas or any of the girls pamper me in the dollhouse!  The PodBrother Show-Jeneen's holiday show:  http://youtu.be/S0Lusii7Tl0I cannot say enough great things about the Blowdry dollhouse! I absolutely love my hair after Dominique finished it! My hair is full and has curls that last!! Not only that, but I loved getting to spend time with her! She was such a pleasure to talk to and made me feel like family! I also got the honor of meeting the owner Lotoya!! What an amazing, spirited women!! I can see why Blowdry Dollhouse is taking off! She believes in everything she puts into this place!! EVERYTIME I am in Vegas I will be coming here!Had my first experience at a blow out bar and loved it! Such a cute shop, girls were super friendly. I called and no one answered, they called and text me right back! Me and my girlfriend didn't have an appointment but they were able to get us in. Highly recommend and would absolutely go back again. I can't wait to!First timer here - never gotten a blowout before, but in the interest of taming the unruly mane before a fancy dinner for the boyfriends' birthday I decided to book an appointment and see how it went.  First, I have never been inside the second floor of the Market area at Tivoli - it's really nice!  This salon is very open and small, and incredibly bright and cheery.  Everyone is super nice and friendly.  My stylist, Hanna, was incredible at blowing out the curly frizz-ball that is my hair (especially since my recent surgery!) and also mentioned that the salon has started doing cuts and colors, which I will definitely come back for.Only con is the price, which is a little steep for a blowdry of hair, but it was worth it to look great for a night out.Thanks!very accommodating & I love the reasonable prices. they did a great job with my hair!!Had my hair cut & a blow out done by Matilde, it was awesome! She was so nice and did a wonderful job on my hair! She was very informative and such a good listener. Thank you so much Blowout Dollhouse! See you again soon!I recently had extensions put in here. I wanted a drastic change as I had not gotten my hair done in  5 months. It was growing out from a short pixie cut and taking forever to get to my desired length. I scheduled a consultation with Michè. She was very pleasant, listened to what I envisioned, & made her professional suggestions. I came back for my apt. She colored, cut, installed the extensions, AND styled my hair for me! I left feeling gorgeous!!!! I highly recommend Michè, she is not only very talented but very personable. I watched others get their hair done while sitting in the chair, they all left looking amazing!We visited Blowout Dollhouse for my daughter's blowout for Prom.  We were a little nervous since this was our first visit here and for such an important event for my daughter. Mackenzie greeted us and instantly put us at ease. My daughter has very long, thick hair and Mackenzie did a terrific job! We requested the curly blowout and were not disappointed...a big thank you to Mackenzie for making my daughter's blowout so beautiful :) we will definitely be back!!I went in yesterday to get my hair styled for a birthday night out.  It was super spur-of-the-moment, I called at 6 pm and they got me in for 7.  I WISH I didn't space out and forget to ask the name of my stylist but she was fantastic.  

-pool is nice/big, entire pool is about 4feet deep

Then, they prepared an entire ice cream cake for my birthday!!!   

Side of corn on the cob and remember to ASK FOR BUTTER. This is important.

For over 20 years I have frequented this establishment and been through all of its acquisitions, transitions, growth and downsizing.  One thing remains today: much of what was great is still the same.  The teriyaki sauce is the best (in the early days it was homemade fresh daily), the lemon ginger dressing for the salads should be bottled.

I can not say enough praise about Dr. Kassir

Tip: Go ahead and order extra pretzel bread before they even set the bread basket down, you'll probably eat your weight in it.I really love this place and will miss it now that I have moved.  The staff is always very polite and helpful.  I have never left there complaining about the food or service.  Breads are great, wines excellent, and mixed drinks strong.  The prime rib is out of this world and all degrees of doneness seem to be available always.  I'm not a fan of a la cart menus but the food and service make it worth going.  Be prepared to spend some money here though.High quality dining with perfect service. I have been here twice and the food is very good. Most recent visit was on valentines day. I had scallops and mushrooms, My scallops were cooked perfectly! My boyfriend ordered the jumbo fried shrimp and mashed potatoes. Shrimp was slightly overcooked. Potatoes are rich and creamy. Sides are large enough for sharing. Pretzel bread is delicious too. Caesar salad is good and fresh and a large serving also enough for sharing.We have been here a couple of times before this, and it has always been a great experience.. Both my husband and I ordered the ribeye steak, it is huge!! We order them done differently and both of our steaks were cooked perfectly!! My husband ordered the hash browns  for his side, and there was plenty there for sharing. My husband ordered the cheesecake for desert, i tried a taste and it is delicious!!  I ordered the chocolate cake, it was simply sinful!!! I will order that again, definitely!!!  We love the fireplace wall they have in this restaurant!!  It is a very nice place to dine.. People come in there dressed up and people come in there in their blue jeans also... The service has always been very good. The bread they give you while you are looking over the menu is very tasty and warm, they serve it with butter.  It is a little spendy, but worth it!! You get very large servings and everything I have ever had there has been delicious!!!!Dined here twice during our stay at Aliante. Both experiences were great. We had great service. And the food was very good. We tried the crab cakes (not easy to find good crab cakes) & they were fantastic, full of crab not bread filler. The cioppino was also very good & plenty for 2 people to share. Love the bread basket of sourdough & pretzel bread with whipped butter. And $8-10 for good, strong drinks.Just classic old school Las Vegas fine dining and service. You feel important without being smothered. Excellent prepared quality food. Excellent service from *Mo.My first time at MRKT and, oh my goodness, it was phenomenal!!!  The food was delicious and our service was SPECTACULAR!!!  Sarah, in the bar area, was THE best EVER!!!  I've been bar tending for 15+ years and understand that every guest should be treated like a VIP.  She took that to the next step!!  She made our ladies night out one of the best we've ever had.  My husband and I plan on enjoying this beautiful restaurant and amazing service on a weekly basisThe steaks here are excellent!!!  I have been going here for a few years for dinner.  The bone in ribeye and the filet have great flavor.  The appetizers and sides are great too.  Michael is an excellent server and the rest the staff a great job too. Enjoy!!!!!My family and I frequent this place every other month.  Food is scrumptious and server, Mo adds to the greatness of our dinners.  Mo is extremely attentive and restores ones hope for fantastic customer service.We started out having Ahi tuna poke and shrimp cocktails for our appetizers, which were both phenomenal.  My husband had the porter house and I had the lobster stuffed with crab.  Sides were sautéed spinach, mushrooms and brussel sprouts.

Prime kalbi (short rib without bone)

Still I am giving the 5 start specially because of the Golap jamun and the beef  roll. These two are mouth watering. Beef is moist and juicy, very well seasoned and delicious. 

(Friends don't let friends *$)Saturday night and it's a nice cozy atmosphere. Ordered the "Ice shaken almond milk latte".. Holy delicious..I love this place. I want to go back.  It is dog friendly too.  I had London fog latte, yummy.  I'm DEFINATELY going back to eat.  First time thereI walked 9 blocks in 90+ degree heat and 5% humidity two days in a row to get to this place. I'm from Milwaukee, where summer temperatures are often in the cool 70s, and relative humidity is a comfortable 60%, so it's a testament to PublicUs that I made the grueling trek. On day one, I ordered the Bourbon-soaked Banana Bread, Waffles, and a One & One - 1 cup of single-source espresso, and 1 cup of cappuccino. The waffles were wispy and delightful, the banana bread slightly crusty and carmelized, and the the coffees, well, wonderful. For day two I scored the Blueberry Cream Cheese Scone, a Brownie Cookie, a pour-over coffee, and a filter coffee. Again, all extremely good. The baked goods are made in house and are some of the best I have ever had. The coffee is prepared lovingly and served with a smile. These people are passionate about their craft, and it shows in what comes out from behind the counter. Worth the walk, and I will visit again when I return to Vegas.How anyone does not give this place 5 stars is beyond me. Thats fine, stay away so it doesn't get too crowded. PublicUs is so far beyond ANY cafe in Las Vegas and its not even close. If this place was nothing more than a hole in the wall and served coffee it'd still get 5 stars. I'm so thankful to finally have a legitimate 3rd wave coffee shop in Las Vegas.  Had the Dark Chocolate Mocha, great smooth coffee with real chocolate, how its suppose to be done. Croissant was also phenomenal.Such a great coffee shop with a lot of personality. I love the shaken almond latte, but I get it hot and add vanilla, must try! They have an amazing coffee selection, cappuccinos, lattes, afogatto (has ice cream). 

And our service was top notch.  He recommended a delicious wine for me to try which I thoroughly enjoyed.My friend and I went to lunch here on February 3, 2016. We were very happy with the food and the service. A shout out to Morgan who gave us excellent service and went out of her way to get me a sample of the "soup of the day". 

One of the best price/amenities values availableCONS:Check-in/out line system is bad and pretty slow

Start at 11am

  

2) Spanakopita - Savory pastry with spinach, quite good

This place was amazing.  When we checked in they were out of the room we booked so we upgraded...and boy were we UPGRADED! Jet spa tub in the bedroom and just an amazing spread altogether. I was sad we only had two nights there! When we walked into the room, the shades on the glass windows rose up revealing an AMAZING view of the strip. I can't say one bad thing about this place. The pool staff was friendly, the bartender was amazing, the housekeeping was thorough and polite, and the front desk staff cannot get enough praises from me! The ambassador originally from San Diego- you are awesome, and way to make a guest feel welcome from the first moment! 

Love the Protein Style Hamburger and Well Done FriesI honestly can not BELIEVE some of these reviews; I read them all before going on our vacation this past week. I thought,"Let's just risk it, because the price is cheap and kids eat free." We have four small children-after we got all our plates and sat down to eat, we were EXTREMELY and PLEASANTLY surprised with how delicious the food was!!

I wanted to leave a nice present behind but the urinal self flushed. :(   (not a crap in the urinal, just an unflushed one, so that when the next guy peed, it would stir up the air, and he'd get a huge whiff of asparagus pee). 

They have books, small tables and chairs for the little one and a water dispenser to help rinse down the sweets you just had!

2. Almond CroissantWith baked goods like these, who needs Le Prozac?Yay! I love this place. Prior to stopping in I would only recommend Bouchon for French pastries. The country plate is generous. Ask for mustard. Almond croissant. Chocolate croissant. Almond chocolate croissant. Nutella croissant. All fantastic. I appreciate a smooth Americano. They do it well. Sad I only discovered it this year.The Quiche Lorraine was stunning...and I mean a show stopper...It was better than anything I had on my last visit to Paris...just wish this place was closer to my house...Recommended! We tried this place as its new to our area. Nice environment with friendly staff. The food was delicious and the Cappuccino has the taste of Europe. They have a nice variety of pastries and croissants. We will definitely be back.Rainy days always put me in a mood for lattes and croissants and since this is only a couple of minutes away from us we decided to come over and enjoy some lunch. As always; I loved it ! There was a friendly young lady behind the counter and freshly baked goods. I had the ham/cheese croissant was accompanied with a salad and they were both delicious :-)Omg this place is legit. People speak French, and so do their pastries!!! The best and most moist phyllo dough croissants I have ever had! Their sandwiches are delicious and the coffee is spot on. Brings me back to France. The interior decor is so cute, classy, but also welcoming.Love love love it!!!!I love this place! I've been coming here pretty regularly since last year. Charcuterie Plate, Quiche, Coffee... Everything is delicious, every time. One of my favorite local spots for a quiet, romantic breakfast. Definitely a keeper!I am french and going to Rosalie i feel like at home!!!

I got an awesome rate for my new car and exemplary service from him and Brittany.  The guy is busy as hell, but took the time to work with me. 

This popeyes had very friendly staff. Very helpful and smiling. We always get a gallon of sweet tea when we are going to be out for the day. We got a gallon of two and two cups of tea since we were eating in. I had to ask for the sweet tea in the store to be refilled and she did it right away with a smile on her face. 

Once we arrived, the wait for check in was maybe 10 minutes and soon we were greeted by the pilots and walked tot the 18 seats little plane. It was hot but as soon as we were at 15000 feet, we were allowed to go about the plane to take pictures and even to go to the cockpit and take a selfie with the pilots. Scary but fun. 

Pam is one of the hairdressers there and she does a fantastic job with young and older people's hair. Her perms are the best my mother or I have ever had, and she has an innate sense of just what cut is best for your face.Had my first massage with Hope. Loved it. I choose the therapeutic massage. It was a really firm, but relaxing session. She worked out the extreme tension in my shoulders, neck and lower back. She used Aveda products and they are wonderful. I've been coming to Madison since they opened 15 yrs ago. Beautiful, clean and great customer service. Book today for a special discounted rate or $49 in April. 480.759. 3308.What an awesome massage therapist!  My husband and I decided to get some pampering before a wedding and we decided due to it's proximity...it would work.  Hope was my massage therapist and let me tell you...amazing things happen from that small package.  She truly listened to my needs like no other therapist has before.  I like a deep massage and I was completely delighted by Hope.  My only disappointment is that she can't come back to OKC where she would have my weekly appt! Great job to Madison Spas for finding this dynamite of a healer!!!!  She's a keeper!Misty is the best massage therapist I have ever been to!  I have been seeing her for about 2-3 years and don't ever want to lose her!  Thank you Misty for your wonderful talent.MonicaImpressive collection of local artist handcrafted work - pottery, wood, tile, glass, paper, jewelry, fiber...so many beautiful things to look at and touch. Everytime I stop in I end up finding something special, either for myself or as a gift -  Knowledgeable and friendly staff - a definite yes!I met a friend for coffee at AJs the other morning and she told me about this place right across the street, so we walked over.  I was impressed.  A large selection of hand made items from local folks who are clearly doing what they love.  I really liked the pottery/ceramic work made with little found objects by the artist from Jerome.  I also liked the woodwork -- bowls, small furniture etc.  Practical art also adds to the events downtown by having shows/meet & greets on Fridays with certain artists.  A great addition to the central corridor.What a fabulous store! I had NO IDEA this place existed until my mother sent me on a wild goose chase for some soap that I bought her at First Friday a few months ago. After clicking around online I found they carried it at Practical Art! The store carries all locally produced products from a lot of First Friday favorites and many others. I showed up for soap, but walked out with a really cool (and AFFORDABLE) deep quiche dish, too!There's a great selection and lots of cool gift ideas. Definitely worth checking out. They have parking AND it's light rail accessible, so there's no excuse for not stopping in! The staff is also very hospitable and knowledgeable about the products and artists they carry. Very impressed!In a city long accused of lacking any distinct persona, Central Ave. and Camelback is quickly becoming metropolitan Phoenix's cultural hub.  And -- for me -- Practical Art has become a major player in the shift.  The shop features local artisans who make things you can use around the house: everything from handcrafted knives and gorgeous ceramics to unusual jewelry and funky furniture.  The really surprising part?  Unlike some of the more pretentious offerings around town, you can actually afford the stuff that Practical Art sells.  A place where you can support local artists, pick up adorable and functional items, AND keep your budget intact?  That's a pretty good deal.Usually I want to love places like this but can never find anything useful, practical, or tasteful. I don't want to collect stuff(I don't really love) for the sake of simply helping a local business. Practical Art has helped change my perception.Guaranteed you are not going to love EVERYTHING but I found more then a handful of items I actually liked(or loved). We were there looking for a wedding gift for a friend after refusing to buy into the generic Macy's gift registry list that was offered up. We ended up leaving with something for ourselves but will be back wedding gift shopping in the near future. The very friendly and helpful person working that day also told us they did gift registry if we wanted to send our friends in(ugh yeah, that might be tough).The best part of our experience is when we checked out they didn't try to shove a plastic/paper bag down our throats - in fact they didn't even have any. Awesome.I love this place! Great unique gifts, good prices and it seems like they're open nearly round the clock! Nice added touches too, like live music and artists in store demonstrations..Shop here, shop here now.

- Shrimp two ways (sorry bad photo)

My only complaint would be that it's a little noisy and the tables for two are long enough that it's hard to hear someone talk. However, I will end with the fact that I will be craving this place till my next trip to Vegas.The best tapas I've ever eaten, and I've been to Spain!-Brava potatoes: In interesting take using fingerlings, delicious.

Die Lokalität befindet sich in einen schönen historischen Gebäude und nennt sich Brasserie, Biergarten, Cocktailbar und Kneipe. Wir waren am 2. Weihnachtsfeiertag zum Brunch dort. Die Auswahl war mehr lunchlastig, was bei einem Beginn ab 11 Uhr auch Sinn macht. Das Buffet war gut angeordnet, es gab kaum Wartezeiten, alles war von 2 Seiten erreichbar, es wurde laufend aufgefüllt und es gab immer ausreichend Teller, was nicht immer eine Selbverständlichkeit ist. Spürbar gibt es eine kosequent gute Organisation und das haben wir als sehr angenehm empfunden.Bedienung

This is the best nail shop I have been to..Best nail art I have ever had done in Vegas! V is so nice & does excellent freehand artwork. This place is under the radar since its new & I hate to let the cat out of the bag, but just have to share since I know what it feels like to be frustrated with overpriced bad nail designs. BONUS: The prices for gel nails & nail designs are the best I have found anywhere in town! I am really hard on my nails & my gel lasts over a month. Make sure to ask for V if you want nail art. Bring in any picture & she can do it!!I found this place while running errands. I needed a manicure and ran in. Now I've been coming to see Vi for a few months, she always does a great job. I will never go anywhere else. I recently moved to the southwest and have gone to about 8 different places only to be disappointed. Vi is amazing!Best nail experience I've had in Vegas and at an incredibly affordable price. I had such a good experience here and my nails have lasted no chips. Can't wait to go back!This place is the best! They are clean, friendly and always do an amazing job! I drive 40 minutes just to get my nails done here and its totally worth it!I was recommended by a friend to come here after trying what seems like every single nail salon in summerlin. I've been coming to 24 nail since November and I've never once been disappointed. I absolutely love the owner Vi! She owns the business with her fiancé and her dad, and she is vibrant and fun and knows how to run a business to keep people coming back. The prices are competitive with places in the area, and my manicures always last three weeks at least, and they're always perfect. The longest I went was a month and they never once chipped. Whatever gel they use is awesome and they apply it carefully. I've never had such a good experience at a nail salon!The best part of this place is knowing you are coming to a family run business, and that the owners truly care about their customers. This is their livelihood and they take it very seriously, which you don't always see nowadays. I will keep coming back and I absolutely recommend 24 nail!! They're my favorite!I like this place! It's not the biggest of salons but it's clean, they're friendly, they take pride in their work and they have a wide selection of gel and non-gel polish colors to choose from. Probably the biggest selection I've ever seen. I love how they really seem to take their time to do a good job. We went on a Thursday afternoon and were able to get worked on immediately. I think they're fairly new so it's still a hidden gem. Plus this place is open 24 hrs (by appointment after a certain time) how awesome is that?!This place had incredible service and customer service! Loving my nails! I am a clinical supervisor who needs special adjustments done to my nails to deliver patient care! He did a  amazing  job!  BRIANA C! Where did you go cuz your comments are diff not accurate and your EVALUATION is off!  I watch how they greeted every person, and roll out the red carpet! I applaud their customer service approach! So please disregard BRIANA's  EVALUATION! We totally disagree and I SAW NOTHIN BUT PRAISE BY THE OTHER CUSTOMERS WHO WERE THERE!Vi and Sau are AMAZING!!!! They are courteous, friendly, and have great prices and hours!! I am a regular customer and bring all of my friends and fam, you should too you won't be sorry!Vi did a great job on my Medicare. (I love it soo much!!)

- Drinks, $2 OFF; Tapas, Half Price; Excellent Service.OUR HAPPY HOUR EXPERIENCE:

Reasonable prices. No problems with parking. No wait at the time. Everyone is friendly here! Best part... They let my Yorkie Ebi sit with me! Not all salons are dog friendly... So I appreciate a dog friendly salon. I don't live near here but it's worth the drive. 

Friendly staff, great service, what more can I say?Always so clean! Always fully staffed and  excellent services for reasonable price! My go to go nail salon I've tried several places, but never seem to compare to the work I get done here.Moe's is my all time favorite Mexican Restaurant. I love that they yell "Welcome to Moe's" when I arrive and the steak tacos are to die for. Everyone I've taken there has become a devout lover of Moe's as well. I highly suggest trying it if you haven't already. It's amazing.Raul in the Pharmacy is the BEST!!  This is the absolute only reason why I take my business to this specific location out of all the thousands of other pharmacys on every street corner.  He use to work at the WG on Southern and MCclintock so when he got transferred to this WG I transferred my business as well.  

Queso de Cabra

Bathrooms are the same clean, spacious, well lit options for both eggs and sausage. ;)Service was great! Very attentive and both employees my husband and I encountered had positive attitudes..but the food! OMG it was so delicious...comparable to hash house a go go on the strip but without the wait..I will be coming back for all my vegas vacations..ohh and also parking structure right next to this place so finding parking was easy and free with validation.MTO is our "go to" place for breakfast while visiting downtown Las Vegas. The options are all so fresh, the staff very pleasant, and the environment welcoming. The lunch options look so good, but we've only been for breakfast because we wake up and only want to go back to MTO to try whatever we haven't had yet.Best food around! I love the hangover burgerProbably one of the healthiest brunches you can get in DTLV. Delicious, hearty, healthy, and comes with excellent service! Definitely worth checking this place out.Searched for a place to get some grub after a long rest from all day traveling yesterday. Searched yelp and found MTO CafeI had the Hangover Burger-  awesome flavor and great size. Filled even me up!!!  Son had the chic and waffles -  great with the gravy, but also tried it with maple syrup-  both were great!!!Wife shared the MTO breakfast with a lot of breakfast meats- (asked for double bacon, minus turkey bacon)

Speciality cheeses like blueberry goat cheese - yum!!!

I've been eating here every day that I'm embarrassed to because the workers must think I'm crazy. I'm sorry but, if I like something...Imma eat there til I tire of it...and that'll prolly take me a while...If you know me, I'm a creature of habit. Thankfully, I've tried to eat different things every time I've eaten there and I-LOVE-IT-ALLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!My favorite is their campfire, mambo wrap, thai cone, spa wraps! Their homemade chips are to die for...

-Short rib gnocchi 

I guess the only thing people should know is portions are very tiny. Good for me cuz im teeny but not the hubby lol

 * fast service

I've been here multiples times, never disappoints. 

The  rooms are quite, beautiful and relaxing. I just love to stay in the room and enjoy the views. 

Service are good, everyone have a smile on their face! 

I think I might need a Guiness.Where will I go to get my records,

As we devoured our sandwiches, a Venezuelan guitar player started to serenade the patrons with his renditions of various LatinAmerican classics. His easy smile and good humour was extremely contagious and before long everyone including the staff was taking part in the fun. 

Cornbread on the side [On the Side]

This place is old school, Been around since 1947. They don't take credit/debit cards so bring cash, you know, it's that green paper we used to use to buy stuff!I found Mane Obessions over 1 year ago, and now it's my salon.  Nina is great at hair and Stephie rocks on the nails and nail art!  Fun atmosphere great conversation, just what a salon should be!Great People, funny stories, Happy customers its all you can ask for.Abby did a excellent job on my hair cut and style.  Actually she fixed a bad cut from three days ago from a different salon.I left feeling beautiful. Abby is a great conversationalist.Stephanie is amazing!!! My daughters hair is dark brown!  I used a box of color and turned it orange! I called Stephanie up and said HELP!!!!!  She got us right in and fixed my mess up!!  Whew!!!!!  The salon is so nice!!! I will be sending all my family and friends to see Stephanie!!!!My brother is getting married here in Mesa and I'm in the wedding. I needed to get my nails done and came across Mane Obsession. 

2) A HUGE bargain bin of dollar comics!

Thank you sushi GodsI have been coming here since 2007 and If I could give a hundred stars I would!

Sort of American sports bar, sort of British Pub had a cool "non-judgmental" vibe, ie feeling of belonging w/out wondering if we met the criteria of "fitting in".  Our waitress Nicole was great!  She immediately told us we could sit anywhere and was so friendly & cool.  We chose to sit outside @ one of the picnic tables which was clean and relaxing.  The service was perfection w/ food to match.  And their hard pear cider & apple cider was great too!  After a long day at the Science Ctr just 50 feet away, Rose & Crown was the perfect ending to a fun day. Thx Nicole!!  Cheers!I recently hosted a large party of anglophiles here to celebrate a 50th birthday.  My party raved about all of the food - fish and chips, shepherd's pie, and banger's and mash.  I was particularly glad to get a very good Shandy.  The server's were diligent and we were served accurately and in a timely manner.Very very cool pub...I ran into this place off a restaurant.com certificate.   This place is an old house turned into a bar.  The fish and chips were great with an amazing price $6.99 I think.  Lots of beer options and attentive server.I will DEFINITELY be back.The ONLY complaint is that there isn't any parking.  We got valet parked at the restaurant next door which I guess technically is frowned upon but the valet guy said, "It's ok as long as you take care of me."  Throw in a few bucks for valet parking (which is kinda fun) and you still got yourself a great deal and a fun experience.  I will DEFINITELY be back.They have a rotating tap and currently they have this 5 barrel IPA with nitro and it's pretty awesome and smooth! Here for trivia night, pretty fun. Only thing is that the tables are in different rooms so I can't see who else teams are playing, but it's fun nonetheless!Two beers, wings and fish n chips for $28!? And it all tasted great. Great little pub!Love this pub - there's always a hum of activity and no pretentious need to turn into a club after hours. I'm so glad it's so close to my apartment. Their wings are incredible, so definitely try those. If you're looking for a relaxed breakfast, the $4 fry-up is  freaking great too. Burgers and other food is solid, and the fish and chips are delicious.I love the $4 fry up for breakfast served till 2PM on sundays along with a bloody mary. Tuesday nights and Thursday nights are great for $3 pints. Always a decent selection and they rotate a few taps often.  Jen is one of my favorite servers/bartenders here.Great bar for dates hangouts or those days when you just want a beer solo on the porch. The servers and bartenders can be very attentive when you need them or they can leave you alone when you don't want to be bothered. Which is the perfect combination for servers in my opinion. Good cheap beer. Yummy huge portion bar food. Very ample sized for the prices. Jalapeño cheese fries are super good after a fewMy husband and I are regulars at the Rose and Crown - Seriously it doesn't get any better!

Good food , good service,  the shop it self is not aw inspiring but don't let that fool you this place is good eats.Came here just because the Chicago style tacos caught my attention.  As soon as in went inside I was welcomed by the owner who was super nice.  I got the  3 taco meal with rice, beans, and a drink for $8.99. The tacos were delicious and the chips and salsa was very fresh.  I recommend this place if your into street tacos.Had the chorizo tacos, they were awesome! I recommend you give this spot a try. The service was quick and food was prepared fast.Great Food. Everything made fresh. I had a taco combo and my daughter had some Windy City fries. Friendly staff. Will come back often.Seriously, trust these awesome reviews. There may only be 20 but they deserve to have 1000 more. It was a little hard to find because being brand new and all they still don't have a big lit up sign, but was worth the u-turns. I got the chorizo breakfast burrito and a quesadilla. Both were super delicious and not the slightest bit greasy (which was pleasantly surprising). As for the green mild sauce, I wish I could cover my life in it. The staff was super friendly and I will definitely be back.Great service! I got just what I wanted! I asked for the meat to be well done on my windy city fries and it was! The fries were crispy not soggy like robertos.  was goodaround really good! Will stop by again!What a gem, place is hard to find yet right in front of your face lol! The lady and I decided to check out a new spot, this fit the bill perfectly. Hot new business, perfect ratings, and close to home. When we arrived it was clean, staff was friendly, and the menu is easy to navigate. Prices are comparable to other similar resrurants. We ordered asada, barbacoa, and pastor tacos along with pastor windy city fries, champorrado, and an horchata. I will say that the meats are outstanding, seasoned very well and cooked perfectly. My favorite was the barbacoa, I usually tend to like the pastor because it has pineapple which adds a tartness and sweetness that I like, but the Barbados was cooked so good that it was the winner for me. We had our tacos with onion, cilantro, and a squeeze of lime and a sampling of their salsas. They have three salsa, an avocado roasted jalapeno it seemed, a fruity fresh tomatillo, and a spicy red pepper salsa. They were all great but I have to admit that the fruity fresh tomatillo was my favorite. The windy city fries was crazy, everything you would expect pastor fries to be and more, pico chopped fine, gauc which had big pieces of avocado in it (yum), and grilled onions! The onions were the kicker and set these apart from everyone else. The champorrado was different and had a banana taste to me, once I tasted it I liked it and liked the fact that it wasn't like everyone else's. The horchata was delicious, smooth, sweet, and had a creamy condense milk taste that was welcomed. All in all I felt like it was a great visit, the owner is humble, makes all of the food from scratch and you can taste the love. It the food continues to stay like this then it will be here for a long time and I'm happy with that as I will be back for more. Of your in the area...or not, take a visit amd try Chicago style tacos. You will not be disappointed.Stopped by based on reviews on yelp. We were greeted by the owner who was super friendly. We were curious as to what made the tacos Chicago-style and he kindly explained that the tortillas were hand made especially for his shop (which were delicious)and he cooked everything they made in-house. I got the pastor windy city fries with mozzarella and nacho cheese and they were the best fries I've had in my life! Also got the thin-salted steak tacos which were amazing. He even gave us some Champurrado on the house to try and it was really tasty. Finally an awesome taco spot in Las Vegas!The staff was friendly, informative and a pleasure to eat there. The food was delicious. I will certainly be returning to try more of their menu! I had the chicken burrito. And my daughter had the BBQ pork. All the ingredients were fresh and top quality. You've got to try this place!Everything they make is amazing. The tacos are ridiculously good and the Burritos are crazy good, the best breakfast burrito is with their chorizo its the best chorizo in town.Great quality Mexican food. Love the pastor and the asada tacos. Windy City fries are the bomb and Tortas is a must try.. I'm having my lunch there today.Came by this place just by driving by and being hungry. Stopped in, ordered a steak burrito and didn't regret it at all. Freshly cooked food and a satisfied stomach.Food is fantastic. Service is fantastic. Would definitely recommend if you're looking for some authentic Mexican that has a bit of a flare. The Windy City fries are out of this world, and the Barbacoa burrito was on point. Great food decent prices. Definitely a gem- of which I will be returning to very soon!Great food, great service, great prices. The Windy City fries are to die for and the chicken tacos are so juicy and amazing! Definitely going back soon!!Fresh food, great service, and reasonable prices. Definitely a nice change of pace from our "chain" taco joints.Checked this place out since it changed owners, because the last ones were nasty and had roaches everywhere. This place is definitely clean now. As for the food I took it to go, and I gotta say it was really good, got the Windy City fries half Asada, half barbacoa, they were both really good. Also got 3 tacos with tripe and they were also good and cooked perfect. Definitely coming back.Friendly, quality food, and a quiet sit down spot to eat. First time going , definitely going back (:Decided to stop by with my boyfriend since it's a local spot and we were on our way to the movies. I was not disappointed! Not quite a Roberto's, although it is a Roberto's style just a tad bit better quality, quite a few more meat choices and street style tacos which are my favorite. The staff is super friendly and focused on how you want your food made.

Just had lunch there with my husband. We both had the lunch combo - best French Onion Soup I've ever had. 

Today my boyfriend made me google the menu and I agreed to go. 

A definite treat and never disappoints!Five stars for being the fastest fast food place I have ever been to.  I get my food within 30 seconds of paying every time.  Food wise its a chick fil a, so not great.  Bit if I need a fast unhealthy lunch its great to have a place I can get in and out of in 2 minutes with my food.Best fast food in the biz imo.  Uptown location's service is impressive.  Hit lunch rush @ 12:30...line was easily 25+ deep.  In & out in 5 minutes.  Nailed my order (special requests to boot).  A++++++++Don't be afraid of the long line, this is a well oiled machine! They pump out food faster and better than I've ever seen! I've been eating here regularly at lunchtime for over 10 years - my order is always right and we all know how delicious chickfila waffle fries are - need you say more?Joel was expert in guiding me through options for our wedding flowers. We didn't have an unlimited budget so I needed to find something affordable and beautiful. He put together gorgeous arrangements and worked to maximize decorations to help save us money.Joel was a calming breath of fresh air as I planned my mother's funeral.  I told him what the family had in mind.  He showed me some of his work and pictures to make sure he had the vision of what the family wanted. Joel put together a wonder arrangement for her casket and a heart shaped spray of flowers to match. It was beautiful. I would recommend Joel and Flowers Plus.  And I will use them again.I've used this company a couple times now and I'm very impressed on the efficiency of ordering as well as the selection.  They always get the order right and offer different sizes of each arrangement depending on your budget.  Very cool!  It's good to know there's a 'go-to' florist right uptown for me (and my girlfriend) :)Best experience I've ever had with a florist. Very friendly and helpful with suggestions -- all I had to do was tell them what the occasion was and what I was looking for. I was a little nervous, buying an arrangement without seeing a picture of what it was going to look like first... When my wife saw the arrangement they created, she loved it. It was so beautiful. They made it so much more than what I had hoped for.  I will remember Flowers Plus in the future.  The person I worked with really cared about our special event and worked hard to meet and exceed my expectations. Seriously, you don't even need to call around. Just stop here. Highly recommended.I ordered flowers from Flowers Plus  through their website since it was off-hours.  I was of course reluctant that I would not get what was shown in the photo.  I am really pleased to say I saw the flowers they looked fresh and exactly as shown.  Very nice arrangement.One other important note, we had inadvertently misspelled the persons name.  We called early the next morning and was able to get it right before person received the flowers.I have been a customer of Flowers Plus for quite some time...they never fail to impress me!!  It's always a pleasure to stop in the shop...Ordering is a breeze, Joel and Debbie are knowledgable and most helpful!! I especially love walking by the shop during the day to see all of the beautiful creations waiting to be delivered to some lucky recipient! I never go anywhere else for the freshest flowers and plants!! Keep up the excellent work Flowers Plus!!My aunt, upon receiving flowers from Flowers Plus, said it was the most beautiful Christmas arrangement she had ever seen. They also wrote out -- in handwriting -- the message I had asked them to impart. She is very happy. She says the container is gorgeous as well. I certainly appreciate the personal attention.Flowers were amazing. My fiance loved them and Debbie from Flower Plus was very helpful in explaining and making sure that I got the best deal and arrangement possible. I would most definitely be using Flower Plus again. Good job guys. Five stars is not enough :-)Flowers Plus should be everyone's go-to florist!  The flower choices are endless and the arrangements are always so full and more than expected!  I have used Flowers Plus for several events and Joel & staff are aways so friendly and accommodating.  Joel  is always in tune with interpreting exactly what you want, when you're not even sure WHAT you want!! I just did two big events and used Flowers Plus for all of our table arrangements and centerpieces.  Both were themed events and the flowers were incredible!  I cannot imagine a more helpful, creative, or nicer group than Joel & Co. It's really a shame to see a review on here that states otherwise...Flowers Plus is ANYTHING but mediocre, rude or nasty.Check out all of the Excellent reviews which are not displayed - click on Filtered Reviews at the bottom of the reviews shown. Flowers Plus is hands down the best florist in Charlotte, in my humble opinion!!  Excellent staff and exemplary Customer Service!! Keep up the good work Joel and Staff!!I called Flowers Plus in a pinch to send an arrangement for a celebration of life ceremony.  I do not live in Charlotte so I totally relied on reviews on yelp and boy, was I not disappointed!  Maureen was fantastic and sent me a picture of the arrangement which was exactly how I envisioned it, but better!

Its a must visit if  you're around the area!! :)An overall great place. Good food and very friendly staff. Great customer service!!!!When traveling in downtown Phoenix, there is always a lot to choose from during the day for food stops.

Amazing service, delicious food!! 

cinnamon toast crunch

I got the peanut butter Acai bowel and it was amazing!!! It was so good and filling.  All the products are organic and great for people on clean diets.

We sat at the Chefs table and were greeted by our server Emma, I must say Emma was the nicest server. We asked her a ton of questions about what her favorite dishes were for when we come back. She was so helpful. 

Bacon Jam (this is an epic dish of bacon, some fruit, and Brie that you spread on crispy bread slices). Highly addictive. Completely unhealthy, totally worth it.

The only complaint is that I end up eating too many fries before the burger comes and I am full.  

This place is the best I've visited thus far; my 2nd visit. There's relaxing music, dim ambience but not too dark, clean visually and...nose-fully (new word yeah). John I think is the name of the manager? My bad I should make sure - helpful as ever. 

As we mounted that now legendary staircase we saw a DJ warming up his station, and wicked deja vu entered my mind, "a repeat of sunday night?"

-Walk-through shark tunnel

Pretty good place to eat if you like Mexican foodBeen going her for years. Great prices and huge portions. Breakfast burrito is great.The only place I'll take my babies. Darcy and her girls are damn good and for only $40 (used to be $35 for years but raised rates as of July 2011) you'll have the cutest pooch on the block.I had taken my bichons to many different groomers and could not find anyone that could consistenty give a good bichon cut (you know the one with the big afro?) and a coworker suggested I give Darcy a shot. He'd raved about her for years but she is about a 20 minute drive from my house so I was a bit reluctant to drive that far. It took about 3-4 grooms for her to win my loyalty and now, after about 4 years, I wiil never take my pups elsewhere.I have not had a groomer that I was happy with for a while after my groomer's closed and moved too far away since I have been having car issues.  Darcy's was almost across the street so I went in on Monday to check it out.  I took my Maltipoo back on Thursday as a walk in.  The girl was so polite and answered all my concerns.  As we talked, she came around the counter and took my baby out of my arms with no problems at all.  Usually my girl fusses and gets so much anxiety that I am afraid to leave her.  But, not one peep out of her as she was walked into the back.  I picked her up about 1.5 hours later and she was well groomed and cut exactly as I had requested.  She was not nervous or acting like she was desperate to get out of there.  Overall, it was the first time I felt she was in very good, capable, and caring hands.  We will be regulars.I brought Paris for the third time and she looks fantastic! Everyone is super nice. I love the service and care they give my dog Paris Thank You Samantha!First visit here and it was a great experience!  Brought 2 small dogs, left them there for a few hours I was able to do errands while they were being taken care of.  Staff was nice. Good prices too!  Will be back in a few months!Very affordable and do a great job! My dogs love going there and never want to leave!!! My dogs always come out smelling great and they energized by the great treatment they receive!This is an absolutely wonderful place for children.  My son is 5 and has been going here for a couple years now.  All the teachers are just wonderful.  I was trying to figure out if all day kindergarten was a good idea but a chat with Ms. Ann cleared that right up.  As she explained, they do not just watch kids, they teach.  Lots of reading and learning goes on, but plenty of fun too!  They make crafts, read books, do projects, watch movies, and there's a wonderful outdoor playground.  The price is quite reasonable and they watch the kids all day, whereas "all day" kindergarten for example is barely six hours.  My son often comes home with new info such as math or in particular, learning the state capitols.  Turns out he did not learn that stuff in public school!So as far as "daycare" goes I am sure most people want something affordable, safe, and perhaps a place that likes children and helps them grow and learn.  This is all of that.  If you are considering daycare at all you owe it to yourself to at least visit a Learning Tree and see what you think!Took my son here to see about switching him to somewhere closer  to home. It was very nice, clean,the kids looked like nice kids too. I hope my little guy will be very happy here!My son is 2.5 and has been going to this facility since August last year.  This daycare is absolutely exceptional.  My son has RARELY gotten sick.  When you see the children that attend the daycare you will notice that the parents and teachers of the children in the facility maintain good hygiene with themselves and the children.  My son LOVES going to "school" here and has learned an immense amount of skills and knowledge since he started attending the facility.  ALL of the employees are extremely polite, attentive to the children, and you can tell they keep good communication between themselves and the parents.  I would recommend this facility to my closest of friends and their rates are completely reasonable.I always go at least twice when I visit my folks in LV.  I stick to the pancakes (duh), but the omlettes aren't too bad either.  The dutch baby (which my mom always orders) does take 20 minutes, so if someone else orders it, you might be in for a bit of a wait.I ask you what would you do when you go and pick your red Ferrari up? What is the first thing you do in that car? Put the top down, turn the bass up, light your cigarrette, and what? Go to the Original Pancake House (OPH as me and my Vegas crew call it). That's what I do. And I'm not playing. I'm driving on the freeway with one thing in mind. My challah french toast. I want my front parking spot, why I don't know because none of the spots there are in the shade at all, and want my breakfast. Thick slices of beautiful challah, dipped and cooked up all perfect with some strawberries. Oh, my strawberries, yes please. Extra please. Throw down some coffee with that, a little O.J. ya'll and watch your fingers. If you get too close to my toast you're gonna lose a hand. I'll even take an extra order to go knowing that they don't do takeout orders. That way I know I'll be totally taken care of in three hours, when my sugar high has crashed and I know I want more. I've even had my french toast with a glass of Chateau D'Yquem. That's sick. And it was delicious.The service is fast, they have conveniently located restaurants. They close early, I think about 2:30 pm, so get your hungover asses outta bed and get some breakfast. It's a whole hell of a lot better than that IHOP shit they're always trying to feed us. I know it's not Waffle House guys, but that's a whole different story.I absolutely almost died here choking on french toast, but the french toast is amazing, so I still come here. Their french toast is also special -- they use sourdough bread, light egg covering, and sprinkle powdered sugar on it. This is what french toast should actually be. Well it is what it should be in the Southwest United States according to wikipedia, but that's where I am from so take it! They also have fresh orange juice, great prices, and very friendly service. Be careful to go on Sundays around 9-10 because there's a church up the street where nearly everyone attends Original after.To me breakfast is my most important meal of the day and this place does breakfast to its best!! living in Vegas at the time  while attending school for  Interior design, I decided to check this place out after hearing so many great things about it , not only in LV but in California .Wow Everything from there chocolate chip pancakes to there omelets are Amazing!! There omelets are fluffy and the size of my head,hard to finish, but just absolutely delisious.And there pancakes OMG!!Incredable I have since then tried choclate chip panckes one or two other place s and they just dont compare.It has been a while since i have been there but look forward to visiting once a gainMy sheltie, Ripley, and I love Smarty Paws! We've been going there since October of 2011. We started out in a Canine Freestyle class taught by Donna. This is a class that teaches you to dance with your dog to music and though we haven't come up with a routine (yet), Ripley learned an incredible amount. Donna is very patient and very ingenious when it comes to coming up with solutions to teach a trick (since every dog is different and what works for one doesn't necessary work for another). It is important to do your homework after class (repeat the lessons at home). This is the only place I found that offers this specialized training. Check the youtube videos on Canine Freestyle and you will be amazed!!!After that we took the intermediate dog agility class with Mary Kay (Ripley has had previous training in LA at the Zoom Room). At first, the large facility was intimidating and Ripley who is naturally shy had to adjust. Mary Kay is incredibly well versed in dog agility, enthusiastic and very inspiring. She even gave each dog a gift bag which included treats and toys on the last day.Currently, Ripley is taking Novice Dog Agility (in hopes of competing one day in trials). This is the third semester we are taking. Both instructors I've had, Susan and Janice are excellent (although Susan seems to create the most challenging of obstacles). Janice, unfortunately has moved out of state. Ripley sometimes gets an attitude and refuses to jump, and it's up to me to provide the pep talk and energy. Whenever she messes up, it's usually my fault since the handler has to be on top of the ball (and requires as much training as the dog!)The Smarty Paws space is huge and kept in an industrial like space. All the agility equipment is there and kept in prime condition. My only criticism is that the facility doubles as a doggie day care/boot camp and some of the dogs housed there can be quite noisy and barky (which is distracting for Ripley...since she needs to concentrate). It also gets hot in there occasionally.Mary Kay also teaches sheepherding on her farm which is not too far away. I took my dog Freckles there and after 2 lessons, even though she is an Australian Shepherd, she showed no aptitude for herding. She also doesn't care much for dog agility...being older and quite sedentary.I highly recommend Smarty Paws, whether you need obedience, professional training or some fun activity for you and your dog. The staff is friendly and wonderful! Your dog will appreciate the bonding time with you!I took my daughter and her dog here for service dog training and the outcome was better than I expected. She is in the autism spectrum with PDD-NOS. Having a dog to avoid her wandering off has made it easier on us and her sister who was constantly having to keep an eye on her. She has also become more social when people ask her questions regarding her dog. Janet, the service dog trainer is wonderful. She will work one on one if we needed extra help. The owner is always there to answer questions. During every class she was always present. I would definitely recommend them for dog training. I rather go to a family owned business than a franchise.Katie H. 

Bathroom TransformationsAs good as it gets for fast food and you can have it however you like. Breakfast is good also.Been going to Whataburger since '70. I love their burgers & shakes/malts!!Fast, friendly service at the drive thru. Hot, fresh, delicious food. Try the chicken strips with the gravy... yum.I absolutely love this restaurant. I've gone there quite often for lunch and they have never got my order wrong. The food is delicious and the burgers are savory. It's a very good price and their shakes are phenomenal. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and will chat with you if given the time. There is a man at the window in the mornings and he is always so friendly and has the biggest smile on his face I would recommend going in the mornings to see him and get breakfast (their biscuits and gravy are to-die-for)If there is anything I miss about TX food this is one of them. Whataburger blows normal fast food joints away, especially the archaic MCD's and BK's. Their burgers rival even the best restaurant burger, they typically have good and friendly service and the prices are reasonable. If you never had Whataburger give my a shot and I'm sure you'll agree.The best barber in the valley for any type of hair. Mekell has been my go to barber since 2003 and I've never got out of his chair without feeling like a million dollars. My hair has gone from twists, to skin tight fades, flat ironed, braids and everything in between.Without having a knowledgeable hair professional like Mekell in my life I would not have made those changes with confidence. Greg is an excellent barber as well.So if you want to look your best and take your confidence to the next level.....stop by this shop.Really nice shop.Great service.All the barbers can really cut..I have came here for 14 years.The owner is mekell is a good dude..Excellent service....feels like home for me  (Detroit )

So far I have tried the Red Velvet, Strawberry, and chocolate.They are so all so wonder full I don't what else to say right now cuz I'm still working on eating this bad boy but. I would highly recommend that you give this place a try....WE LOVE NOTHING BUNDT CAKES!!!!!! I have been wanting to try it out for the longest but was always too lazy to go out and get it. Finally for my birthday this past December, my husband surprised me with a dozen assorted bundtinis... They were DELICIOUS!! I've tried the Red Velvet, Marble and Chocolate... Love the Red Velvet and Chocolate! My husband tried these flavors as well as the White Chocolate Raspberry and he loves ALL OF THEM. He's actually kind of addicted to them.  Anyhow, we also bought another dozen for our in-laws just this past week and they tried Lemon and Carrot and were in heaven also. The cakes are just so damn MOIST and YUMMY! Kinda bad that this place is so close to us because now we want to buy them every week! Staff is pretty friendly... They get your order together in a timely manner with no mistakes.AMAZING!  I've had the pumpkin and red velvet, both are so good.  The pumpkin is my favorite.  This place has become my favorite dessert place.  Great for gifts and parties too.Amazing. Product. One the smooth delicious taste hits your palate, you will be a believer. My favorite is the pumpkin (which is unfortunately seasonal), followed closely by red velvet. Chocolate chocolate chip is amazing also. Hell, all the flavors are terrific (although carrot, lemon and praline aren't on my regular order). Soooooo good. Two locations in the valley to serve you and they deliver!Duuuuuuuuuuude, this place is ReDonk!!  They must bake crack right into the batter because everything I've tasted is unreal!!  Carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting, to die for and the presentation is oober cute.But apparently the word is getting out, each time I've been in, there's been at least a 20 minute wait, Sh*t Balls!!  So order online!! They have a very small selection of merchandise which passes the time. Delish!Absolutely wonderful. Always a go to if you want to bring a really nice frikin amazing cake to anywhere or anyone. They are fast and THE BEST and super attentive, nice and helpful. The staff are people you feel good buying something you're going to eat from. How often does that happen in this town? Love it.love love love love love love love love love love love love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My favorite is Cinnamon Swirl. Marble and Chocolate Chocolate Chip. The cake is scrumptious and the frosting is the best part of the cakes...superb!!!!AMAZING...that's what I have to say...The Carrot cake with the cream cheese frosting, OMGosh to die for. It sure didn't last at the party I took it to and it looks super cool. I did spruce it up a bit by putting a tiny vase of flowers in it's hole, very cool.Ordering online, or phone in your order cause it's SUPER busy and the wait is maybe 20 minutes!! But it's Soooooo worth it! EnjoyFirst off I don't really care for cake. Give the choice between pie and cake, I always take pie. However, something about these moist, sweet, delicious icing topped cakes keep me coming back for more. While many people have been eating and celebrating with Nothing Bunt Cakes for years now, only recently did I get hooked on them and boy are they good. My personal favorites are the lemon and white chocolate ones. Add on top of it all the icing and I am in pig heaven. So for my birthday now, I am happy with both ice cream pies and Nothing Bunt Cakes.I love chocolate cakes ONLY. But then came upon Nothing Bundt Cakes; boy was I IN LOVE. Ratings

Don't need anything else.Support local business, America's is on my list.This place is amazing!  The best carne asada I have ever had!  I like the limited menu- they are good at carne asada and salsa and they should stick to it.  Keep it simple.  Restaurants over complicate things and everything suffers because of it.  Beer will be an awesome addition.  My burrito came out really quickly and the guy running food and bussing tables (Gavin?) was really sweet and helpful.  A little expensive but worth it-- I will be back for sure!Okay, I'm going to have to recant my previous review. I just had a totally fantastic lunch of Torta Carne and corn on the cobb. That Torta is off the hook! I gobbled it up tomatoes and all and I flippin' hate tomatoes. The corn is slathered in buttery butter and cotija cheese, add a little pepper and it is sublime. 

Spicy twice cooked fish

My server was awesome at her job. Even though the place was slammed packed, she didn't miss a beat helping me get my Italian beef and several rounds of Old Style. (Yeah yeah, I drink Old Style. What about it??) Even the people there are nice. This couple let me share their table so I can have a place to sit and eat. Good people. 

And The salsa bar all The time fresh and clean..Yes-- I am giving this Roberto's 5 stars. It is a fairly new location and it is super clean. I walked in and was greeted by the staff. Everyone was very nice and they were all working. Not a single person just standing around. I ordered a shredded beef taco and a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style. It came out very fast and could not be fresher. The salsa bar was clean and stocked. I got my order to go and it was still hot when I got home. This is a really good Roberto's compared to some of the other locations in town. Oh and another plus is that they have a drive-thru.I live at The Lennox and one of the perks is having these guys come every two weeks to do a car wash. They always do a great job and my car is always spotless. I would definitely recommend them anytime.Had my new 2016 Honda Civic detailed by Tom. Have to say it looks better than it did coming off the showroom floor. These guys do great work!!!!My car looks great everytime. It is so convenient having the service right at the Gramercy apartments. My car looks brand new every time very reliable service.This is the best mobile car detail service I've ever had clean my car. Very reliable and professional. Excellent job Thomas always does my car and hes the best at what he does.  Thank you for your wonderful work.30% off boots and booties this weekend!Excellent gyros and fries! Delicious pita! 

seal poutine, seal! So rich = 4

*Love the pistachio pound cake parting giftCons:

When our server found out it was my birthday, he brought out the most amazing hot fudge sundae - and a card signed my the staff! It was so adorable, I loved it!! He sang happy birthday, it was low key, nothing weird or embarrassing like at some places. 

            - Spring rolls were pricey for one spring roll or two cut up fried pieces to make four.

Chicken platter with rice

The music was a tad loud but that keeps the conversation confidential ;-)

I've been all over the country, and was raised in the south (where they make all those redneck pig jokes...) and haven't found better ribs. The dry rub is the perfect amount of spicy for me (mildly spicy for the normal guy), and his homemade bbq sauce goes well with the ribs.

We had 1 of each just to get the pallet going and be able to try everything.  1. Pork Belly

I love the Lake Mead European Wax Center!Super clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. Samaria is my regular technician. She is amazing and extremely thorough. I highly recommend her.I've been coming here for awhile now with one of their amazing packages deals. Always in to see SAMARIA! Amazing, super fast, makes me feel so so so comfortable. Pain FREE. I do suggest to buy the wash and serum it's great and it works! ;)Marianna is the Best! She's funny and professional! I almost didn't want to tell you all who I go to! She's a little hard to get in with but her work speaks for itself!! The front desk is kind and helpful. I have been to other locations and have had not so great experiences! I highly recommend this location!I got my wax done by Mariana. One of the best experiences I've had in the almost 3 years of waxing. She was professional, efficient,  and friendly.Had my first appointment today. Waxing done by Britney. She was great! Nothing bad to say about my experience. This will now be my regular place. Definitely recommend.I was supposed to get waxed last week for the first time but apparently my underarm hair wasn't long enough, so I was told to come back and make an appointment for the following week. So my following appointment was made for Tuesday the 18th and upon entering the establishment both times all of the women I encountered were so welcoming and made me feel comfortable!! Kai was my esthetician, and as uncomfortable as I was having some one not only stare at my hairy underarms but have to touch them; she made me feel at ease by making small talk. I will definitely be returning for a follow up and I'm considering a Brazilian for the future. This place is super professional and clean!! I would recommend it in a heart beat!So first and foremost, I wish I could give this location 10 stars for how wonderful they are! My wedding was this Saturday August 29th I missed my appt at a different location and need to be waxed immediately! So I called and they were able to schedule me right away! 

La Barquita is a MUCH better restaurant if you have taste buds or some understanding. 

My girls friend has known Kenny 10+ years & I'm glad he's my new mechanic for my classic car.Frank who works the desk is very helpful via phone. I recommend this shop to anyone & everyone. I will be back soon for a tune up.Fantastic customer service, nice friendly staff. They took care of all of my needs in a timely fashion. I will definitely use them for all of my future repair needs.Fantastic customer service, nice friendly staff. They took care of me in a timely fashion. I will definitely use them for all of my future repair needs.My AC went out... in Las Vegas in the summertime!! Oh NO!!! Jack and Sons got me in within two days and had it fixed within 6 hours. They gave me two price options, 1 for Original parts from the dealer, and one for after market parts. After asking questions about the longevity, I went with the aftermarket parts. 

No request too big , too small she will make it happen. 

Thanks Ke'ala, Britney, Kristy and Travis!!! We found the best veterinarian hospital in town! H&RI am really impressed! I was the guardian of a dog in my care that came to me with a bite wound that was being treated by Dr. Flemming.  The wound reopened, they took the dog without an appointment in spite of being busy.  Amanda at the reception desk was also super helpful, professional, and continuously kept me informed.   I am seriously considering changing my vet to Durango Animal Hospital.If I could give more stars, I would.  My recent visits to Durango Animal hospital (three in two weeks) surrounded a serious health condition on my tiny Pom, Cupcake.  As a Pom Parent, rather than a dog owner, I was anxious and feared the worst.  Dr. Preyor and Dr. McDermott sorted matters out immediately and began treatment for severe breathing issues.  This condition involved return appointments for follow up care and monitoring, which reflected the same degree of care, concern and professional excellence all around.  The staff on the phone, the front desk check-in, as well as those assisting the doctors were the best.  It's frightening to witness a pet in distress, and I can't imagine how frightening it would be had I not had already established a relationship here.  The standard of care is as good as it gets!!  Better!!Absolutely love Durango Animal Hospital!! All the staff are nice and willing to answer amy questions...and with a smile on their face!!!

https://myfoodfreedom.wordpress.comWe walked in to an empty restaurant. So our expectations were very low. But it was still a Tuesday night. The setting is pretty. It's got only four seater tables with a flower in middle. They got us our drinks immediately after and then took out order. The menu isn't very big but it's very well explained. The waitress was very sweet told us not to get the kus kus. I think it was a pretty good idea. We got the fitur2 and the chicken shawarma. They were both Incredibly delicious. I got the fries with my shawarma. The best fries in the fucking United States of America is found at a mid eastern restaurant.Will go there again and again and againMy daughter has been wanting to try this place for some time now.  I didn't know much about it so I came here without any prior knowledge of  previous reviews, menu options etc. Upon entering the restaurant, I was promptly greeted by the owner and I found the surroundings to be very pleasant, clean and relaxing. We were very impressed with the menu and ordered a few starters until we were able to decide on our dinner selection.  The food could not have been any fresher or flavorful.  We both left feeling well nourished but without the feeling of being overly stuffed!  We felt very welcomed by the owner and our server. Great food presentation as well.My favorite Resturant in Pittsburgh !!  I like their Kebbie, shawarma , and sure Lamb Burger. I also like one of their appetizers which is Musakhin? " fried rolls of chicken" it's really good and I only find it there. Their rice is really special too 

Haven't had a bad dish here yet.  Staff is super friendly and attentive.The food here is consistently excellent!  I've tried something different each time and have been impressed across the board.  The Carne asada is life!  The service is awesome too.  They always anticipate our needs.   Definitely recommend checking this spot out.Best Mexican food around the valley. Been here several times for lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed. The staff is great and the food is fantastic. The chips are fresh and they bring you 3 different dips, bean dip, avocado dip and a salsa. All of which are great. The fajitas are the best I have ever had. They also have several award winning dish that when you try them you will know why. Margaritas are perfect too. Must try this place. You won't go wrong.nothing bad to say about this place. easily one of the best Mexican restaurants in town. the cocktail drinks are amazing and the prices are reasonable.Everything was amazing the service is a little slow but gave me and the wife that much needed time to be together. The food was absolutely amazing. And the drinks hit the spot of a random craving. I say A must come to spotHands down my favorite Mexican restaurant here in Las Vegas.  You can't go wrong with ANY of the menu selection at Leticia's.  Leticia herself can usually be found en la cocina as well!  Great family run, award winning restaurant here in Vegas which I HIGHLY recommend!Since I've moved to Vegas from NY this is probably the most delicious & authentic tasting Mexican food I have had so far. The restaurant is cute, great service, great food & awesome dessert!Heard about this place through a friend. Just moved from Texas where mom and pop Mexican restaurants are dime a dozen and all are amazing. Well this place did not disappoint. Went on a Tuesday where the margaritas are priced 2 for 1 at 7.50. Honestly the most equally balanced margaritas I have had. Then had the make your own burrito and you honestly don't want to stop eating.We will be a regular here that is for sure. I would recommend this place to all my friends.This place has some yummy chile colorado. I had their Tamarindo margarita and it was amazing. Our server was very nice too (can't remember his name...maybe it was the margarita ;)). I will continue to go to this restaurant as it's nearby and has a good selection. Try it out as I'm sure you'll love it too.Have been here several times and it has never disappointed. First off, the service is amazing. Every employee here has been extremely nice, professional and knowledgeable about the menu. Second, food has always been great no matter what I get and you get three dips along with the obligatory chips before the meal. Third, they have great happy hour specials. You can't go wrong here!Just enjoyed an amazing meal with superb service from Mario.  From his menu suggestions down to his passion for the food it was a complete foodie experience.  Potato and cheese flautas took me back to my teens.  They'll even give you a free dessert when completing a review on social media :)You cannot beat this place for truly Mexican Food. The owner is in house early prepping for the day. You will not find any better in Las Vegas whether on the Strip or off. The bar is hopping with the Margarita's flying from there to the guests. Service is really good and you have waiters with distinction Like Juliano who we always request and Walter who help with everything from chips and salsa that are fantastic to getting our drinks for us.

The only place we found in Las Vegas that had someone know about pipes and pipe tobacco that took the time to talk to us withour pushing to buy something.

Thanks, Mama!I have eaten here several times the last 4 years.  Every time I have had a 9 inch Pizza. It's delicious.   I suggest reserving ahead of time on the weekend. The Staff is always nice. The bread and cheesE ravioli were also excellent.Visiting Charlotte for the weekend and participated in the Tour de Food event which featured this restaurant. The restaurant was clean, quaint with nice ambience. The food was excellent. They featured the Penne alas vodka and penne chicken and broccoli. If you're in the mood for good Italian cuisine, this place is definitely worth a visit.This place is always amazing. Great staff, great food. They never disappoint. Do yourself a favor and get the goat cheese app and the Nutella pie. You don't even have to order anything else and you will walk out happy bGreat food and service!  Our server Tiffany recommended the penne a la vodka for me, and the chicken parmesan for my husband since he does not like spicy food. She also recommended the wine feature, which I had a glass of and my husband enjoyed the local draft selections. Tiffany was friendly and made us feel at home. She went the extra mile to keep our drinks full and checked in to make sure we were happy with our meals. The penne a la vodka was so delicious. I am Italian, and it's great to find a local restaurant that reminds me of family dinners growing up. I highly recommend Mama Ricotta's!I've waited far too long to update my review, having had nothing but excellent experiences here over the past few years. Today's lunch was no exception - my salad was delightful and beyond basic even though it was "just" a side salad, and my pasta (Penne Broccoli & Chicken) was rich and delicious. Service was wonderful as well.AMAZING italian food. Will continue to come back here when I am in town.  Love the service and environment. I ordered the spinach fettuccine carbonara and it was fantastic. The made from scratch pasta just took the dish over the top. Highly recommend trying this dish in particular.The food and service here was terrific. The hostess was  very nice and accommodating with my daughters wheelchair.  

480-948-2056 

I ordered the smoked duck with foie gras flan.  The duck was also perfectly done and the flan was incredible.  I was afraid it would be lacking the foie gras flavor but each bite was to die for!  

  There is a salsa bar with about 12-16 different, freshly made salsa;from pico de gallo to more exotic offerings such as strawberry salsa[the bomb], creamy cilantro salsa, creamy cashew .etc etc.All were super fresh and very tasty.We will definitely be back-the mole sauce alone was worth the drive!Tacos the way they should be. I cannot rave enough about this place. Considering myself a foodie that likes to try NEW places all the time, I found myself coming back to this gem on vacation. The mahi mahi and shrimp taco special combo were so unbelievably good, I would rank them above the Grand Canyon. Was I just that hungry?...um no. Salsa bar is great and there are bottomless chips, margarita was tasty. Service is average, but if you come here for service you have it all wrong!Everything was terrific! The salsa bar had huge variety. Had the Condesa Mahi Mahi tacos, and the veggies were fresh and perfectly cooked. We had a huge party, 8 moms and 10 kids under the age of 5. (We had just toured Stuffington Bear Factory and we are a very rowdy hungry crew). They treated us wonderfully and service was exceptional. All the moms raved about the food. Next time we visit we need to leave the kids at home ;-)Absolutely phenomenal. I can't say enough about this GOURMET taco restaurant. Granted, this menu has more than tacos but you need to look no further than those filthy goooooood tacos. I have came here a few time with several different groups, not once did the sitting render tasteless. I've ordered almost every taco and each is extraordinary within itself. I am a Carne Asada enthusiast! With that said this dandy delight of a taco magician has various types of steak cooked various ways, all producing the bountiful bliss of juicy satisfaction. The salsa bar is a blessing in itself, so many varieties you don't run across at any other taco restaurant. The reviews speak for them self... Get here!Delicioso! This is a neighborhood hole in the wall that serves some pretty great mole. I am a mole fiend. Love the stuff. Can't get enough. Their's is dark, rich, spicy, and the right amount of sweet. (Also how I like my men, hey-o). (Just kidding.) Also, who doesn't love a salsa bar? I've never even heard of most of them: pecan salsa? peanut salsa? Um, why are you only giving me 4 lids for the to-go cups? Like I'm not going to try them all ...I love this place! The service is quick and friendly and the food is great! There are more than enough vegetarian options and too much good salsa to try! My favorite was the cilantro and the pecan dressing. They are so fresh and the food didn't take long to come at all. I will definitely visit again next time I'm in PhoenixLove this place! Great atmosphere, excellent variety of salsas, amazing horchata and the tacos are fabulous! We came from south Gilbert for no other reason than to come here. It's definitely worth the trip!We went based on recommendation and it did not let down.  Great taco place.  Ok I am going to go Spanish on this one.  Delicioso!Off the charts delicious and menu is extensive and unique. Best occixicana tacos ever. Can't wait to come back.The fish burrito here is my favorite and don't forget to try the horchata--best I've had! They load it with extra cinnamon, pecans, cantaloupe and strawberries. The salsa bar is amazing and the quesadillas are deep fried--yum!The burro was fabulous. Hard to describe how wonderful the food is. The horchata was the best we ever had.The best Mexican food I've ever had. The street tacos are the best. Good friendly service too. Small though so hard with big groups.If you don't get the horchata then you are making the biggest mistake of your life.... There are something's in life where you overlook the bad because the good outweighs it. Not gonna lie, the location and atmosphere is maybe a 3/5. But Dan says good tacos are always in the most ghetto areas so we had high hopes. The place was full when we arrived and filled with an assortment of people. It was promising. This place did not disappoint. I had the sorano arrachero taco plate (or whatever... Something like that) and Dan got the carne asada street tacos. Right when I bit into it I knew..... This was going to be a good meal. Dan is a taco snob and gave the street tacos 10 stars. Very rare. My tacos made me forget that our table was wobbly and that it was hard to find this place at night.Just go and eat the tacos.... Just do it. 

Scott and his team at Groomingdales are FANTASTIC. They are always so caring and kind to my babies and Scott is so personable and takes time to talk to every customer.I had a very bad experience this week with another groomer and he spent a half hour on the phone with me talking to me about how to help heal my baby's wound. I only went to the other groomer because I live in the Southwest now and it is kind of far to see Scott ... BUT LESSON LEARNED PEOPLE!!! I will drive 34 days to get to Groomindales before I ever go anywhere else again!!! The whole staff is so nice and they make you feel at home; regardless if you are a new customer or existing. I have been going to Groomindales now for over 2 years and when I lost my Frankie in November to Congestive Heart Failure, Scott was so fantastic and supportive and genuinely concerned for my emotional state and for my dogs (being without Frankie). Groomingdales truly knows how to take care of animals and know what to do with all types of dog breeds; what the best ways are to groom them and handle them. You will NEVER be disappointed with Groomindales. Scott is the owner and he is absolutely without a doubt 100% one of the nicest people I have ever met. The prices are reasonable and you don't feel like you are being taken for granted at all. LOVE YOU GROOMINGDALES!!!!!!!!!!!!!Wouldn't think about taking my girl anywhere else.

Carolyn VClaim Jumper is great! Their menu has a large selection and their desserts are wonderful. Tonight, I enjoyed the Hill Country Salad--lettuce with bacon, diced egg whites, cheese, and lightly breaded chicken. The service is always good and they offer Diet Sprite--a plus for me since I try to limit sugar and caffeine.I love their new revamped menu it's got so many yummy options that are light and fresh.  I loved their Southwest eggrolls and Shrimp salsa which is Ceviche and their Chinese salad is sooo Yummy too.  We'll be coming back for sure.Service was excellent and so was the food. Got shrimp, steak, salad, and fried mac n cheese 11.99 amazingI am giving this place 5 stars because of the amazing service. Stephen was awesome! My boyfriend dine out at least once a week and try to go to different places. I picked this place because I like the happy hour at another location so I figured it's about time to actually have an entree and not just drinks and appetizers. I was a bit picky tonight as to what I wanted. I asked our server, Stephen, what he preferred between the bread bowl and the burgers. He insisted the widow maker was worth it. I almost changed my order after seeing the bread bowl but he reassured me the burger was going to be fantastic. He did not lie! It was huge! I couldn't even take a bite! The staff was super friendly. Every time Stephen walked past our table he asked if we needed anything. You just don't find service like that anymore! I also really like the decor and feel of the place. 

3.  He said the carpet would be ready to walk on in 6 to 8 hours, and it actually was.

We had a 2 for 1 coupon so we wanted dinner- I had the Rainbow Trout - blackened with rice pilaf and veggies (Brussel sprouts and broccoli). The trout was cooked perfectly- flaky and tender and moist- it was yummy! My husband had the Cajun Seafood Pasta and was thrilled with it. The shrimp were huge in it! Nice spicy kick- but not overwhelming.  Our second meal- I ordered Blackened Striped Sea Bass with Etouffee which was a very nice mix of seafood and a great spicy brown sauce. My husband had the Lobster Burrito and was very happy with that- I don't think he shared a bite! 

http://thirstyfortea.com/2013/07/09/tea-on-the-strip-verandah-las-vegas/Buffet review only:Impeccable service.  Bomb diggity.  $40/pp.  Just go. My boo surprised me with a breakfast buffet and from the minute we walked in, I felt we were treated like high rollers.  

This place also seems like a good spot to go for a beer with your laptop in the middle of the afternoon. They have free wi-fi and a pretty nice beer selection (GUINNESS on tap also-- yes!) 

-Service is always friendly. I also love how they hook up a few donut holes with your purchase. 

Really amazing taste that you've ever tried.

The office is modern with high tech stuff.  Definitely would continue coming back and would definitely recommend to friends and family!Dr. Pressley and the staff at the Aliante Optic Gallery are the absolute best!! Quick friendly, knowledgeable, & they all have such great personalities, especially Dr. Pressley! She was able to prescribe an even better brand of contacts than what I already have and I love them! They are amazing, so if you need an exam they are who I recommend!This is my second time at the office and I brought my brother! I love Dr. Pressley! Today they had new retina imaging equipment and it was a dream to see my own retina and macula. After years of seeing these in my biology textbooks I got to see my own! I referred my whole family here and every friend I possibly can. My brother and I both got glasses and I even have a full year of contacts! I refuse to go elsewhere after visiting here!!!We just moved to the area and was looking for a new eye doctor.  The appointment process was easy and did not have to wait long to get called back.  The office area was very clean and the staff super friendly.  They offer the latest technology and the doctor is very friendly and helpful.  I would highly recommend.i love this place great customer serivce, great frame selections. love that you get text when glasses are ready for pick up overall best eye place i ever been toCori was awesome and very accommodating . Thank you for your top notch service!!! We will be back !I had a wonderful experience yesterday for my first experience at the Aliante location. Dr. Pressley and her staff that helped me (Paige and Kimber) are professional, courteous, and helpful. I was very happy with my purchase and can't wait for my new glasses to come in.Great service! In and out just what I like! And everyone was super friendly and nice!I can't believe how great this place is with one of the best staffs you can work with - Dr. Presley - Bev - Cori - Kimber - Paige,

Try it and judge for yourself!

$8 / hour

Atmosphere was great. Beer was great. Their selection is limited, but it's changing all the time so you can come back a week later and have a totally different tap selection available. 

The outdoor has two firepits, cornhole, ping pong and that impossible metal circle to nail game. There's a main bar inside, an outdoor bar and a little tikki hut for when it is really busy.

Everyone had smiles on their faces. Well worth the pricey ticket. Celine was beautiful!To be going through was she's going through and still perform is commendable.Celine is a true professional and her voice is AMAZING!!!!!  You know some pop stars can't really sing and you only find that out when they sing live, but Celine is almost in a class by herself.  She's kills it LIVE!I wasn't looking forward to the show much when my friend said she got us tickets, but once I was there and heard Celine sing (and boy can she sing), everything changed.  It was one of the best concerts that I've been to.  The venue is intimate and the sound quality is excellent.  Celine sings many of her older songs and some newer ones.  What's really cool is that the first song she sings, they show videos of her singing (all sync'd) the same song when she was much younger.  It's a very cool effect.One of my favorites of the night was "Somewhere Over The Rainbow".  Celine nailed every song and I liked her arm movements (punctuation) near the end of songs that were timed with the drum beats.I know it's a pricey show, but it's definitely worth it.  You must see Celine!!!They announce no pictures or videos, but it seems like many people don't follow directions since most of the crowd I saw were taking pictures and some were taking videos.Xie Xie!!Celine's last words at the end of her performance were, "Tonight was not a new day, tonight was not really a new show. Tonight was a new beginning." Well, all I could say is - Welcome back, Celine, your audience has missed you dearly. Insert heart emoticon.I remember listening to my mom's CD tracks of Celine Dion in my room and just fell in love with her powerful voice. Back in the day, Titanic's "My Heart Will Go On" was in the #1 spot on the Disney Channel radio - and I would always look forward to listening to it because that was one of the ways I could get my mom to not switch back to her Chinese radio station in the car (hehe).During my recent Vegas trip back, I knew that I had to see Celine's show ever since she had announced her recent return. I looked up online news and saw that there has been recent changes to her song list, but the good old hit songs are still there, with new ones added as well.When you first see Celine on stage, everyone in the audience stood up for applause. You can tell just how big of an impact she has in the room. I'm not surprised that she's still got it and is rocking it! Her vocals are absolutely beautiful and stunning. This is one of the rare performances, where you would believe that the LIVE performance is much more riveting than the CD recordings.Of course, she sang my favorites (Power of Love, It's All Coming Back to Me, I Surrender, A New Day, Because You Loved Me) and some of them were placed in medley - although I wish she had sang those songs full length. But each song would send me over the edge of my seat falling even more in love as a fan. It was very touching that Celine makes her performances more intimate and invites the audience to see a glimpse of her personal family life.I sat in the Rear Orchestra area and the view was great. Any seat in the house, whether it's up in the balcony or up in the front or behind orchestra, you will have a great view of the stage. So definitely save up because it's well worth your money to see Celine. Did I cry tears of happiness? Oh yes, but I'm sure every other fan did too. The finale encore performance of "My Heart Will Go On," was perfect. I won't spoil it for you, but it had a great climactic moment. Overall, I was satisfied with the show. I wish Celine had sung full length versions of her popular hits, but other than that - I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys Celine's songs.And I'll say it again: It's good to have you back, Celine.Celine Dion's show the best showwwwwwwwww ever, and that was the best gift I got on my birthday from my sister, her show was on September 11, 2015 I was soooooo excited to see Celine Dion, once she started singing I got really emotional she still has her powerful voice, how nice she was with the audience as if she was talking to her  family friends so simple so elegant :) This will always stay in my lifetime memories, seen Celine up close she is gorgeous inside and outside. Thank you Celine for the good memories :) and thanks to my sister for the best gift she could give me CELINE DION :)If a night can be life changing, it was the night I went to see Celine. A million stars and then some. Absolutely THE BEST show I have ever been to. I love live music performances and Celine is THE ABSOLUTE BEST! No one alive can touch her. Nobody even comes close. From the moment the lights dim and the show starts, she had me in tears. She captivates you in a way I've never seen from another performer. From the start till end, I noticed nothing, thought of nothing, and lived absolutely in the moment as if it was just Celine and I. The world disappeared, my problems dissipated, and I was transported to a magical place where everything was perfect. Nobody can do that but Celine. I am so grateful for the show, the night, and for Celine. My Vegas trip wouldn't have been complete without her. My love for her is immeasurable. Thank you for making my world a little better. I love Celine!Best show ever!!!!!!!I saw her ten years ago and tonight was my second time to see her. Her techniques and voice is as perfect as ever and the live show is better than CD effect. This time around her show has become more personal and touching. You should all go!!!!I went and seen the celine dion show in vegas just last week, and let me just start off by saying it was probably the best concert/show I have ever been to. Her vocals were dead on and a lot of raw emotion. I have a lot of respect for this lady, even while going through everything she is, she still made it to thr show on time and full of energy. 

 - Pork Belly with cucumber, green onion and Hoisin sauceWhichever I was shoving in my mouth at the time was my favorite.  And the buns, so soft and squishy, were utter perfection.I got to speak to the owner and his wife (?) while he was preparing my food.  I told him yelp had brought me to him, and he said they're getting huge press from us and local papers (I just went on their website and saw they'll be closed for a week coming up for filming a TV show!  Get in there now before the mad rush!!).  Now that I've tried their bao, I can see why they've already got a devoted following.They have great baos, too little choices thou. It was kinda hard to locate since its inside a salon with a window counter next to the receiption area. If you have a huge party, I suggest you order take out since their won't be enough room for more than 5 people. The server girl is really nice and the chef too, but he doesn't talk much! The $10 combo is a great deal, you get 3 baos of your choice and a drink!!! Hopefully they will have their own restaurant when we come back for a visit next year!!!!delicious! absolutely a must when ever you're in town. prepare to have your taste buds rocked!This place is on of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas.  Tucked away in the Touch Nail Salon at Tropicana/Decatur, do not judge this book by its size or cover.  The chef is a very nice and humble man who cares about his customer satisfaction.  The prices are reasonable for what you get.  The food is excellent and the ingredients are fresh and flavorful.  I get the combo platter due to the value (choice of 3 bao and a drink), and the option to mix and match bao.  I have tried the pork belly, duck, chicken, and pulled pork bao.  I am not going to get technical with all the ingredients and flavors in the bao, but let us just say that I have nothing bad to say about them.  I cannot pick a favorite because they are equally great.  When the Great Bao food truck opens, I will be sure to follow it.  I wish the owner the best of luck with this business, and I will be sure to return to this establishment often.Great food - had the duck bao, the chicken bao and the pork belly bao - every one of them was excellent.  If pressed, I would have to say the pork belly bao was my favorite by a slim margin (but the crunchy garnish on the chicken bao was amazing, unique and excellent - so consider me on the fence here)  Chef Su (Sheridan) was very friendly - this is truly one of the great food experiences in Las Vegas - the 'urban irony' of such great food and service in such a simple, unassuming and unexpected setting adds to the great quality of the experience in my mind.  Definitely worth a visit, and I will return, without question.After reading abbout this place in one of those Weekly magazines, i got curious, so I googled it and found the website. Went to GREAT BAO with so much expectations and I must tell you I didnt get disappointed ! They were wonderful !! Got the 3 Bao + drink and the Sesame noodles ! Chef SU was so kind to cut the baos in half so my friend and I could share !!! Congrats Chef SU for the great baos !!!Amazing Chinese Bun sandwiches.  The place is kinda hard to find its inside a nail salon.  He is starting a food truck in addition the store soon.  I would highly recommend trying this place. $10 dollars for 3 buns and a drink great value.Yummy baos in my belly! I honestly found it quite odd to find it inside a salon. Anywho.Both of the people behind the counter were really nice. They actually started a conversation with me and asked me questions while cooking. I ordered the comBAO, which gives you 3 baos and a drink for $10 (which is a great deal since each bao is $3). I got pork belly, roasted duck and pulled pork. My favorite is the duck (second would be pork belly). For my drink, I got the Italian soda with raspberry flavoring. It's a great way to cleans the palate after eating such flavorful baos. I'm honestly hooked! These baos are so yummy! Each different kind of bao has its own distinct tastes and the right ingredients added to enhance each flavor. Definitely a place I'll stop by whenever I want a quick lunch otw home from school.Came to Great Bao's solely on a recommendation from my friend who is a chef. He was taught by the owner of Great Bao's, Chef Sheridan. Who also cooked at Michelin Starred, Sona and various other restaurants around Las Vegas.Great Bao's is tucked in a shopping plaza and inside of a hair salon. Yes you read right, a hair salon. Searching for this venue was like playing a RPG game. It is in a hair salon and literally the restaurant is in a shack. NO more than 2 people can fit into the kitchen and maybe 5 people at most can eat at a time. But don't let the exterior decor fool you. Chef Sheridan is no joke on his tiny electric stove. It shows. People will line up just to try one hell all of his baos. I absolutely love his concept and his food, obviously. Simple items made to perfection. Order ANY of the baos. They are all great. No lie. I just ate whatever he flowed to me. He started me off with the sesame noodle salad as a starter. A great crisp appetizer worth every bite. Pork belly, Duck, Pulled Puck and a drink for $10. Really can't beat that. Special shoutout to his lady for making those mocha shakes cause we had to hit the road back to California right after. We even ordered another round of 3 bao's for the road. They are THAT awesome!The bao's were as good if not better than David Chang's Momofuku buns and a clear competitor to Ippudo's in NY's.Make it a point to visit Great Bao. I rec' friends to go and they are overly impressed.Happy for you Chef Sheridan. Best of luck with your endeavors!I was stressed and depressed the day I visited Great Bao.  Once again, I was starting to say farewell to yet another great friend leaving this forsaken desert of a town for a more wholesome and fulfilling place to live.  My usual love-hate relationship with Vegas took a turn for negativity and I could hardly remember why I'm still breathing this sandblasted allergy-inducing air.  My Mr. who has a relentless propensity for optimism (thank heavens for him) decided to cheer me up by taking me out to Starbucks, which didn't help, until I realize that Great Bao was footsteps away.This place renewed my hopes for Vegas, its random location inside a hair salon makes you think you're in New York or San Fran, it's perfectly quaint and quirky.  Arriving shortly before their closing hour, I was the only one there, a perfect time to meet Chef Sheridan and his fiance, a couple so adorable you'd want to start planning their wedding.  6 seats total, 2 at the counter, the environment is minimal and intimate and all about the food.  While Chef Sheridan makes the food, I stand at the counter and read the various articles written about their story.  You can't help but start rooting for him!  Once an executive chefs at celebrity restaurants like Wazuzu and Comme Ca, Sheridan followed his dream to a Bao food truck, only to discover that following your dream can take you down rocky paths, so now they're at the Bao food stand.Story aside, the food is absolutely delicious.  I did the ComBao and got three different experiences, all equally tasty.  The Pork Belly was traditional and sumptuous and reminded me of New York's Ippudo.  The Duck had great quality and creativity.  The Tofu and Mushrooms featured three different kind of mushrooms, and have you wondering how they can make a profit with this kind of effort and freshness.  All 3 Baos plus a drink for $10.  Yes, the chef makes the buns when you order them and his cute fiance makes the drink.  It's the kind of story that writes books, no kidding!Full and happy after three buns, Vegas and me, we're working things out.Awesome flavor!!! been wanting n craving "gou bao" in States and the chef totally pulled it off! super friendly too! Chix noodles has great flavor too! thumbs up! :)Had a "com-bao" for lunch...3 delicious bao's and a drink!  It was AAAAAMAZING.    Each bite was better than the last and I was only sad when I finished my meal.  The bun was perfect and fresh. The meats were juicy and flavorful. The accompanying herbs and veggies in each bao were chopped fresh and perfectly paired. I definitely will be back.  One of the more delicious meals I've had in quite some time. :)We where in Vegas for the easter long weekend and just had to find some great food.  Well finding this place wasn't easy but in the end it was like finding a great hidden treasure.  We ordered a sample of three Bao's (Pork Belly, Pulled Pork, and Duck)  with a Italian soda.  After that great meal we just had to order more due to the great taste.  So we ordered our favorite pulled pork and duck Bao's and just had to try their mushroom/tofu Bao.  Let's just say I am a picky person to please but this food was out of this world.  Great food, great service, good prices and great people.  Jenny and Sheridan are a amazing team and their food is fit for a kingor queen.  GO THERE AND EAT, and you will thank me later!  Great job guys!!!I LOVE the bao here! For $10 you can basically get yourself a sampler platter. I come here everytime I'm in Vegas now and it's something that I crave when I'm at home.Yes, the location is kinda off-putting, but once you have a bite of the bao you'll be hooked! I can barely wait until I get into the car to start munching away!Gourmet food. Everything has its own unique taste! Crispy duck with thin slices of Persian cucumbers and scallions, chicken meatballs with sauce so delicate but perfect, mushrooms & tofu had at least four kinds of mushrooms including shitaki, oyster, and button mushrooms(can't identify the other), and pulled pork also pan seared with sauteed spinach. We had the sandwiches with italian sodas, raspberry and peach. Perfect to clean your palate.  Gourmet for $10 (thats 3 baos and a drink).Who would have thought that some of the best food in Vegas would come from the smallest restaurant in town...a 6 seater inside a hair salon? You guessed it, Great Bao.Pork Belly Bao - softest steamed bun you can find, imagine eating a cloud. Crisp, fresh, veggies. The star of course is the Pork Belly. Fatty, juicy, but not overpowering, i could literally eat 15 of these. it's like crack!!!!Offers noodles, and smoothies too. Kudos to Sheriden Su. A real gem of Vegas!!Definitely lives up to all the 4 & 5 star ratings!I walked into the salon and was greeted by Jenny. Very friendly and hospitable, asking and addressing every customer by name. I ordered the trio for $10, which includes a drink. She even asked how I heard about Great Bao, so of course, I told her from the rave reviews I read on Yelp. :)Very tasty. The bun was extremely soft (I'm a bread/carb lover). Even though the pork bao was very tasty, I'd have to say I liked the tofu-mushroom one the best. I know, I know, I should've ordered the duck. What was I thinking, attempting to be semi-healthy with my ordering?! Next time, I will.There were no other customers while I ate, so Jenny spoke with me about their food and business. She was very nice and I'd have to say, I probably received better service from her than the 5-star restaurants I've recently visited. She explained the ingredients, thanked me for giving their food a try, and invited me back. Being from the service industry most of my life, you'd think that sounds easy, but you'd be amazed how many food industry employees do not do that these days. She made my first visit here very enjoyable!Highly recommend it. It is strange to be in a salon ordering food, but you won't regret it. With some time & great word of mouth about their awesome baos, hopefully they won't be in there for long! :)I am a big fan of the new gourmet food trucks I see everywhere.  I saw this one at the new farmer's market downtown they have on Fridays.  I got the duck bao and man was it delicious!  It came on a soft little white roll, kinda like what dim sum is made of, and had duck meat in a kinda sweet sauce and vegetables.  I would like to try the pork belly bao and the chicken on a stick.  The waitress was nice, even said bye when I left and had remembered.  Very cool and classy little food truck!I live close to Chef Sheridan's Great Bao establishment now. This place is perfect for an after-the-gym treat. Chicken, roast duck, pork belly, and never before sampled tofu and shrooms was ordered. The tofu and mushroom bao was suggested by the Chef.  Adding the tofu and mushroom bao to my favorites. The combination of the different mushrooms and tofu made a lasting impression with my palette. Thank you for the suggestion.Solid food.  Will keep up the support.This place is delicious.  I stopped by after the gym and ordered Sesame Noodles with Tofu and the Tofu & Mushroom Bao....Delish!Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for another great find in Vegas! I didn't get lost looking for Great Bao which is a pop up, literal hole in the wall in a beauty salon. That is so cool!Friendly staff and chef. I ordered the 3 trio plus drink. I stuck with 2 pork bellies and a duck. Mmm mmmm. Made to order and all good. Now a must stop for me as soon as I land in fabulous Vegas!After all the buffets and overpriced mediocre food, the wife and I were ready for something different and genuine.  Options off the strip included Great Bao located in a beauty salon.We had the Pork, Chicken, Hawaiian (spam) bao, and sesame chicken noodles  Unfortunately the duck bao was sold out (tip: go early!). The baos were very delicious with layers of savory and hints of sweetness.  Each bao was meticulous assembled and wrapped for perfect hand-held eating.This is now a must-eat whenever we go to Vegas in the future.Read about this place on Yelp Monday and dropped by the next day to try it out! The baos were delicious, tender in the dough and crispy in the skin (for those of you who avoid the skins for health reasons, they only put one piece of it on there to give the bao some crunchiness). More meat was in the chicken than the duck, but both were fantastic and well worth the wait! The seasoning isn't overpowering and all the ingredients complement each other (I especially enjoyed the cilantro). As I found out first hand in person as well as on Yelp, you are discouraged from taking your food to go unless you live close by to the establishment. At first I asked to take it to go because it seemed like there was no where to sit, but Jenny talked me into sitting at the bar. I wasn't in a hurry to go anywhere and I figured, why not. The food is less likely to get soggy and it won't be necessary to reheat it.I highly recommend ordering the combao- trust me you won't regret it! Because if you order just one, you'll be like me and wish you had ordered it upfront.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I admit I was a little skeptical when I walked into the salon and their was not really a dining area but hey, that's what you can call a hole in the wall.  We ordered some pork belly, pulled pork and chicken.  It was delicious.  The bun was fluffy and soft not like some places where their buns are dry and gives you cotton mouth after you eat it. The pork belly was amazing.  I thought I wouldn't like the fattiness of it but when you eat it all together, it was perfection.  I love the chopped peanuts in it because it gave it texture.  The chicken was delicious.  The chicken was moist and the skin was crispy.  The pulled pork was good as well. So glad I found this place on yelp because I would have been stuck eating food in the casino that was very salty.  I don't know why most of the restaurants you eat at in the casino, they were all salty especially at the buffets.Just have to echo the general sentiment on this restaurant, which is exceptional.  All that I will add is the husband-wife team are the owners/operators who put their passion for creating delicious food into their small restaurant.  The baos are all made ready to order, so exercise some patience.  Good news is that the restaurant will be moving to a larger location as some point once Jenny finds her ideal location.  Maybe get your hair and nails done prior or after an exceptional meal at this unique location....btw - ask about their restaurant logo for some mindless triva.Love! We tried everything but the tofu.. but I definitely want to try it the next time around.  Me and the husband went for dinner last night and it was perfect.  Not to heavy... just the right amnt of food.  I loved it.  If I could have great Bao everyday for lunch, I would do it.  I swear it!Our order:  We did the YELP special!!! 10.00 for 3 bao and a drink.  

I would give this place 10 stars if I could the staff made me feel so good. The manager even came to our table and greeted. Everything was amazing. One of the best dinner experiences I have ever had. I'm definitely planning on coming back!!The man friend and I came here for his birthday, and while we have dined at another location together before, I am always pleased with this restaurant. The service is so great and the waitstaff so kind. I am a pescatarian (hate saying that, i sound like a brat!) so while I do not indulge in the meat selection, I know my man friend is more than delighted about the selection and service. They walk around with plates of meat and you have a little card that you can say "yes" or "no," so when you have enough meat on your plate you can just sit back and enjoy your selection. Now for me, I got my fill at the "salad" bar. I use quotation marks because it is definitely not your typical salad bar. I was pleasantly pleased with smoked salmon, pasta salads, cheeses, delicious salad blends, soup, and many many vegetables. Additionally, when you do choose to get all of the meats, the salad bar is included as well. It was his birthday, so they brought out a very delicious "happy birthday" caramel cheesecake. They also dedicated a couple of dollars off our bill! Overall, a really nice dining experience and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is willing to dish out a couple of bucks for some delicious food.I've always wanted to dine in at a Brazilian steakhouse, and I'm glad this was my first. $50 all you can eat per person. Very reasonable price and you can easily eat your money's worth. You can start off at a salad bar which is pretty good. I loved the smoked salmon, bacon, and charcuterie. Next was the system of red and green signals. They give each person a two sided placard. If flipped on green, meat carvers walking around will know you want some. If red, they will not bother your dining. All the meats were so wonderfully seasoned and grilled. My favorite was the bottom sirloin and the bacon-wrapped filet mignon. Also, the caramelized bananas with condensed milk was absolute mind-blowing!Was very good food and friendly. Meats were very tender and seasoned great. Atmosphere was romantic but also fun if your not on a date. Not far from Baleys and strip so also good for when visiting town.today was my very first time to this restaurant. i just began a company and steven made stylesmakefights.com's night. he is the best waiter and worth a big hug from whomever reads this. 

Went again 2/27/2015 and took a few pics of the Men of the OG. See above.

I haven't been that great about keeping my plants alive in the past, but they've helped me figure out the watering schedules for each of my different plants.  They also offered in-home plant maintenance in case I would rather leave it in their more capable hands. :-). 

* a good cocktail list (check: 107 has a decent selection of martinis and specialty cocktails)

Bowmore 12 Year whisky, apricot brandy, fresh mint, crushed pink peppercorn and

 Wendy asked what was going on with me, and then she actually focused on those areas!

New modern building in the shopping center with 

The young lady at the reception window was polite, friendly and helpful.

Perfect place to go if you want a hearty home cooked meal.Awesome food, amazing atmosphere and wonderful service. Tasha was great! I had fried chicken, red beans/rice, and mac n cheese! DelishI absolutely love this place. The oxtails are delicious & so is the fried cabbage. Que has such a great personality & is very personable. 

What more can I say?Update:  I went back for dinner and was equally impressed.  I had fish with some sort of sweet glaze and sauteed mushrooms.  It was out of this world.  Really really good.  I splurged and went for dessert as well.  Oh my god, everything was perfect.  Service was excellent.  Fox hit this one out of the park.  

Once entered, the first few shelves have feature books (ex. they're offering a discount on the 1st shelf of NY Times Bestsellers). There is a small sitting area as well in the middle toward the back. 

AND ON TOP OF IT VERY KIND ANS VERY VERY SWEET Forget the rest of the rental car companies Hertz national Alamo and especially enterprise go to Payless they're unbelievable and especially since they have people like Yolanda working for them thank you Yolanda!!!This is not a five star review because this is the best hotspot in Vegas.  Nor is it a five star review because the Seahorse Lounge is so lush, plush, or otherwise updated.  

Expect to wait at least 20mins because  there is always a line but this place is well worth it and Foodie approved! You won't ever leave hungry and it's not too pricey.My sister has been talking about this place forever now...so before we left to go back home, we decided to make our way in for ramen. We were a party of 7 and we came by around 1ish in the afternoon. There wasn't a wait. It's a pretty small establishment, so big parties are going to have a hard time. I ended up ordering the Miso Corn Butter Ramen with extra chashu and extra seaweed flakes. The food came out pretty quick and the broth is very flavorful and rich. I added the chili flakes in my bowl and it wasn't too spicy. I will definitely be coming back when visiting Vegas. DELICIOUSNESS!This is probably my favorite ramen place in town. The place is large which is good, spacious and you can get seated pretty quickly! The ramen is delicious! There is something about the broth that is just warm and yummy! Whichever ramen I get I always add the spicy meat which gives the broth such a nice little kick without being crazy spicy! The ramen comes with decent portion of Chasu, the egg and the usual: bamboo, onions... I usually add corn too! The Chasu here is thick cut which is amazing, other places give you the thinnest slice you can imagine!! Always quick and good service! The food here is just amazing!!Butter corn ramen??? WHAT?! YES! It was the most creamiest ramen I've ever had. I'm not a big fan of ramen but that one was amazing. I still dream about it, lol! The restaurant is a bit small but it does what it needs to: feeds your appetite! If I'm in Vegas, I definitely will be back.Simply the best ramen in Las Vegas. To beat the crowd, go there early like 5 minutes before they open. The place gets pretty packed right away because it's super tiny and they dont have a lot of tables. I tried the Deluxe sora ramen for $10!! The broth is just so delicious and warm. Good and fast service!I would say after trying all other places, this is it....their soup base and meat are perfect..prices are better than other place, service on par..week day lunch time is always full, but it sits way comfortable than Monta, the noise level will get pretty loud when it is full though.It's a small space, about 8 tables and then 1 long table that can hold about 10 people. We were craving noodles and was going to have pho but my little guy said let's try spicy ramen. We ordered their signature ramen noodles. You cannot go wrong here the pork just melts in your mouth. And the soup is perfect amount of flavoring and spice. We would definitely come back here again especially since our 11yr old actually likes it, yes he found something other thing chicken he will eat!I always order the Miso Ramen, and it is consistently great! Friendly staff, reasonable prices, and great service.Ignoring such negative comments below.  They just don't know what they're talking about.  But the others, just like myself... We love love love the food at Kathy's  It's great food, plain and simple.  Go check it out for yourself!  Easy as that!  I guarantee you'll love it!Where do I start? I ordered chicken fingers and fries for the kids... they are hand-breaded and as fresh as you can get it. I ordered the Gumbo that was delicious and the portion size was so large that I will have lunch for tomorrow. My spouse got the fried chicken dinner with greens and black eyed peas. The fried chicken is to die for and also made to order. Yes, this location is smaller than the other place in Henderson that they used to own, but it is definately worth it. So many of the reviews that are on here talk about the wait, but what do you expect with homecooked meals? I mean Kathy's is not like McDonalds with frozen chicken. I say try it once, and I am sure that you will be a regular.Fried chicken, greens, black eyed peas, smothered pork chops...I could go on and on.  When we lived in Las vegas this was a staple!  They have since moved but we found them on our most recent trip back to Vegas.  The location is fine as was the other one.  This one has easier parking.  The food is still the same...perefect.  This is exactly what I wasnt and expect when I go looking for southern cooking.  I don't go looking for decor or ambience; I want good comfort food.  The service is always fantastic as these are real people.Great place, keep up the good work!I live real close and go there like twice a month.  The food is wonderful, I like the fried chicken so much that I've only had that.  The yams are like my Grandmother used to make.  Kathy is a lovely lady and a pleasure to talk too.I needed to get my fried catfish fix, and boy did they sure deliver, catfish was seasoned and cooked to perfection, I got Mac n cheese and greens as my side, and lemme tell you it felt like I was eating at momo's house for Sunday dinnerI was referred here by a friend after finishing up a very long and difficult Vegas weekend (you all know how that goes), and sending off for the ride home simply would not have been possible for my friends and I if not for Kathy's Southern Cooking. Mary was very kind to us, and the food was just as kind! I had the fried chicken, and it was honestly some of the best I've ever had; extremely tender and juicy. The sides (I had potato salad and macaroni and cheese) were amazing as well; and the lemonade was probably the best lemonade I've ever experienced (hand squeezed). All in all, the experience at Kathy's was a very warm and welcoming one. You can always distinguish when a restaurant makes their food with normal ingredients or with love; this place certainly makes their food with love, and the proof is in the chicken.Went to Kathy's today and was excited to find out they had the chicken fried steak.  It was fantastic, which is why I'm bumping Kathy's up to 5 stars.  The steak is large, you will likely have leftovers, but it's doable.  Like all the other dinners, it comes with 2 sides and a large corn muffin.  Great deal.  The steak was tender and crispy.  The crust adhered well to the steak, which is ideal.  The white gravy was peppery and creamy.  I was not surprised given how much we like the brown gravy.  Once again, Kathy's more than delivered.  If you are on the east side and hungry, absolutely hit up Kathy's.Kathy's Southern Cooking has THE BEST fried chicken!  Absolutely delicious.  The mashed potatoes and gravy, and mac and cheese also rock. Everything is made fresh, so to avoid waiting at least a half hour, call your order in beforehand.The staff at Kathy's is always pleasant. They care about producing quality food and they do not disappoint.This is the only place I will go to when I want fried chicken.Look, the food at kathys speaks for its self. Matter of fact its singing the gospel to you with every blissful bite. Now I know soul food like my last name, I was practically raised by the waitresses of soul food restaurants that my pops took me too, not to mention soul food is the only thing my grandparents cook and eat. With that said, the food at Kathy's southern kitchen is by far one of my top five on my list, no question, hands down with ten toes on the ground this spot is on there job. Last night was my second time eating here, the first time a family friend took me and my folks here when we first moved from L.A like six months ago. We came in and seated ourselves because it was only like four or six tables in the joint and besides some dude waiting for his take out order there wasn't any other customers there. We were greeted, Kathy said high and Tiny came over and took are order. I got the smothered chicken, greens and mashed potatoes n' gravy. My girl got ox tails, somebody got the catfish and I forgot what every body else ordered ( it was six months ago and there were five of us so I refuse to remember all the details.) It took about 30-45 minute's for all our food to hit the table witch is quite a wait but there cooking the food to order which is all cool with me, ill practice a little patience. When  Tiny did come with the plates it was evident that it was worth the wait. My smothered chicken was hot, fresh, and the gravy was thick enough and flavorfully but didn't make the chicken too soggy. I had two wings and a breast and they were all moist on the inside, no dry choking hazard white meat here. The greens were good, perfectly seasoned, made me wish I had some pepper juice ( its a down south thing when they get some peppers put them in a jar with what I think is vinegar and let it sit on a shelf for a couple weeks, its bomb on greens ) I could tell the mashed potatoes were made from real mashed potatoes, and that brown gravy on top was no joke. My whole meal was delicious in every meaning of the word. I pressed my girl for some of her ox tails and they were delicious as well, tender, nice size and flavor on point. The food gets my praise, yeah it might be a little pricey but its money well spent. The staff is hella' cool, it feels like I'm just going to the homies moms house for a plate. Kathy's kitchen is were its at bottom line.I had some wicked pregnancy cravings for Southern cooking tonight... so I stopped in to cure it.  Thank you so much for the delicious food!   Felt my baby move for the first time tonight... I'm sure she was giving this business a high five!I checked the reviews before I came here & had a pretty good idea what to expect. I called ahead & placed my order because I read it would take some time because it's made fresh. Staff was super friendly! Food was good & I LOVE next day, cold chicken & it was AMAZING!! The prices are a lil high so it won't be a regular dinner but we will definitely be back!!!!I love Kathy's.  My favorite is Smothered Pork chops and Fish/Shrimp dinner.Feels like home when I walk in.  A very friendly environment! !I've been feenin for some good fried chicken and when our fellow Yelpers Nelson and Sylvia invited us to eat at Kathy's I knew this place had to be legit.We arrived a bit before 6pm and we were immediately greeted by the staff.  Talk about Southern Hospitality! Each person greeted us with open smiles.I ended up ordering the 3 piece fried chicken meal with two sides and cornbread.  The two sides I ordered were the sweet yams and the collard greens. The wifie ordered the same meal but with the mac and cheese. Be prepared as the chicken is made to order so it took a good 20-30 min. but it was well worth the wait. As our food came out my mouth started to salivate as pieces of chicken were pretty big. It came with a breast, leg, and thigh and it was cooked to perfection, crispy on the outside but nice and juicy on the inside. It had a very light crust that packed a lot of flavor. I like my chicken with a good hot sauce so had to smother some Louisiana hot sauce on it for some heat.  I felt like a kid again saving my chicken skin for last. I was even a bit jealous as the wifie's pieces were a little bit bigger than mine. The sides were good but the highlight of the meal was the chicken. I hope to come back and try their other southern dishes maybe even order a fried chicken family meal just for myself. These types of hole in the wall places usually serve the best food. If you don't mind the area then I would definitely recommend checking out Kathy's Southern KitchenReally good Ethipian Food.  The avacado salad is a must try!  I have been twice in the last couple weeks, and I will continue to go back.  It's in a sketchier part of town, but don't let that keep you from trying this place!This a great find! Ethiopian food is one of my favorites and this restaurant nailed it! The staff is nice and helpful and the food is delish! I definitely recommend Queen Sheba.I love Ethiopian & Eritrean food and Queen Sheba did not disappoint. We started with the Avocado salad which was very tasty.The espresso was delicious! I had the veggie plate and it was very tasty. The atmosphere is very nice and there is a separate hookah room. I will definitely be back.  So much better than those other places in Charlotte on kings and Charlottetowne avenue....you know who you are...step up your game because there is a real Ethiopian joint in town now :-)Walked into this place and had immediate attention. Me and a friend requested to sit in the small nook that obviously was for friends and fellow Ethiopians. They had no problem with it. Very cool cow hide seating. We had the queen Sheba combo. The lamb was delicious as well as everything else. After dinner we sat in the side room which was a hookah lounge. Great way to finish the night. Pleasant service and people. This is going to be a new to go spot immediately. Thank youVery good food and a different experience. Came her for anniversary and left fat and happy!  I recommend it!  I don't care if this review is shorter than most. I have said all I have to say and am wondering why yelp forces me to add more than I have to say. Ridiculous. That is all. Good food and atmosphere.I love this place!! The avocado salad is really good and if you haven't been before I recommend the chicken combo. Some dishes are served raw so if your not into that they taste just as good cooked. As a child I always got in trouble for eating with my hands but here it's exactly what your supposed to do and in my opinion it taste better that way. For sure worth a try. The staff there is very nice and the service is fast. My daughter cried because she didn't want to go and the waitress carried her out and put her in the car!I really enjoyed our dinner here! The place is simple and easygoing, the server was attentive to refill our glasses and bring us what we needed, the food is amazing. Can't ask for more, I will be there again soon!Love, love, love this place. The food was delicious and the service was impeccable. I have no complaints about this restaurant. There is nothing chic about the restaurant or area of town. Restaurants that have quality food and service don't need all of that. The restaurant is clean and has clean bathrooms, that's something I find important. I ordered their Honey Wine, Jebena Coffee, Apple Martini, Avocado Salad, and number 27 on the menu. The honey wine was sweet but not too sweet, perfection. The Jebena coffee was hot and delightful. I can honestly say that I've never had a cup of coffee that was so good. The avocado salad was a perfect mix, not too heavy. It was just as an appetizer should be, satisfying without regret. You will still be able to eat your main dish. The main dish was delicious. The chicken was moist and seasoned well. You get to pick out your spice level. The injera was wonderful. Our waitress always made sure we had enough, we never once had to ask for more. The apple martini was strong, I was pleasantly surprised. I despise weak cocktails and so many places skimp on the alcohol, but not this place. As I said before, the service was impeccable, the food was delicious and the prices were more than reasonable. This place is a hidden gem!I have enjoyed the food here three times now. Delicious every time. Today, the service was extra good. The man serving us even shook my hand after the meal. He was very friendly and made sure we had everything we needed including being very helpful with the ordering. We'll be back!I go here 3 times a week only when rosita  is working she makes the best slopes ask if she is working tho :)I have had hair extensions for 8 year's have tried every kind and brand (I am a bit fanatic about my hair)  I am so happy I found Viva Salon and especially Racquel!!!  I was referred by my friend who is a hair fanatic too and she insisted I go. She should do a review too but people tend to only write reviews when they want to vent....not me I am so happy I was inspired to write a review and I never do this!!! So glad my friend  convinced me to go to Racquel I walked in and was greeted with a big smile and a warm welcome,  The salon was clean and stylish, I sit down and was offered a beverage I got a water but found out they have a keurig! lol sometimes it's the little things.  Then when I got my hair done Racquel was able to put a weft in and individuals extensions (sometimes stylists only do one kind boo) I love her knowledge versatility and experience.  I don't know everything she did but damn everyone, even strait men were complimenting my hair all week long.  She must be some master cutter!!!  Then she convinced me to do the hombre highlights (like the Victoria Secret models) and I loved that too.  So as a person who obsesses over her hair and has tried everyone and every salon with over 15 years living in vegas...trust me and go to VIVA Salon and ask for Racquel!!!!Tommy is AMAZING!  Went in yesterday to get my hair done . . wanted a change for the fall season, wasnt really sure exactly what i wanted, just wanted something fun and different.  He added more blonde, some dark to the back and some violet pieces that stand out.  This was the first time I had been to Tommy and I'm so happy with the results!!!  I will DEFINITELY be back to have him do my hair again.  I cant believe all the compliments I'm getting at he office today of the awesome job he has done!!!!!!I've been getting my haircut here for about 6 months and highly recommend Viva Salon. Chelsi does a wonderful job cutting and styling my hair! The salon itself is also very nice, clean and relatively new. If you're looking for a new stylist I recommend Chelsi at Viva Salon.Gina cut my hair today and did a great job!  All staff I encountered was friendly.  I definitely will be returning!Go see Racquel Bray! She is the best! Racquel does my hair, both my kids and husband. The kids are always excited to see her and her cuts and colors are awesome! The other stylist are always super friendly too!Thank you Tony!

Un Reported Suspension damage, and pointed out some  very poorly fixed Doors from a previous Accident. Thanks to them pointing it out, I returned the Car to the Owner.

Cider and Salt Brined 20oz Bone-In Pork Chop

 They serve complimentary coffee ,tea,(herbal ,and lemon water while you have your services done.

Spa Treatments

Le Spaghetti- Spaghetti with a soft boiled egg, uni, caviar (best dish, hands down; Suppl. $60)

- Off strip but still close enough to walk

But whichever location you go, Trader Joe's is quite affordable.  I love their organic produce, their boxed lunches and fresh fruits. 

-- Dr. Bronner's magic soap!  This stuff is great and will make you smell good (if you don't already smell good)

The owner is usually on site and you can just tell that he cares about his customers. 

James West has repaired a variety of my cars domestic and foreign through many years.   He has my daughter's 2005 Mitsubishi Lancer running like new.  A rare find, indeed.Hands down the most HONEST mechanic I've ever been to.  Started taking my vehicles here about 3 years ago, and have never had a single issue.  The price is always fair, and even though the work might seem to take a little while longer than it should...they are a small shop and they can get very busy at times.I moved across town and started taking my cars elsewhere.  I realize now it was a total mistake!  I don't care how far away James West is from me...if I live in the valley, he'll be my mechanic.Had trouble with pulsating brakes coming over Tehachapi Pass while driving.to Las Vegas from the Bay Area.  I called James West Automotive and explained the problem over the phone. He had a pretty good idea what it was, and asked me to bring it in the next morning.  They replaced the front rotors and brake pads, and no more problems!  A one day fix and I'm all ready for the drive back home. Since I'll be towing my piano home, it will be much safer now with functional front brakes!My husband and I are very impressed with this mechanic. We went to him since we heard all these wonderful things. Come to find out they were right this man is an honest mechanic and he does the job right if something isn't right with your car he breaks it down for you and gives you many options. He's got a customer for Life. thank you mr.west.James West Auto Repair has furthered their reputation as an honest and trustworthy auto repair establishment. Mr. West's beside manner was beautiful, he asked me lots of questions and went above the scope of service to get me taken care of quickly. Another mechanic had previously half-heartedly insisted that my precious jewel had lost compression and a new motor was the only way to get her back.

But i still have the spicy hoummous at times.

The beet salad was pretty good. The vinaigrette was subtle and didn't take flavor away from the beets, goat cheese, or arugula. For an $18 salad, attention to detail was expected and accordingly presented. 

You can't go wrong here.The tea was excellent. My burger and fries hit the spot. Sat outside, nice breeze, soft music and the center water fountain made for a great lunch. Highly recommend this place to be included in your visit to the desert botanical gardens!Had lunch there yesterday, our first visit.  Everything about it was spectacular, ambience, food and service.  Great selection of vegetarian dishes.  Everything was carefully prepared and artfully presented; it's rare that the dish itself exceeds the menu descriptions.  We had the bread service (wonderfully crusty, they said the name of the bakery but can't remember).  "Sweet tea butter with black Hawaiian sea sale."  Sounds pedestrian, tasted wonderful.  The dish called "Grilled Baby Carrots" is listed under salads, but is not like any salad ever.  Again, the menu just says "cumin-scented yoghurt + chemoula + fried AZ chickpeas" which doesn't even come close to describing the explosive flavors.  For dessert we shared "Donuts + Sauces."  Order it.  Trust me.  The host station folks were welcoming and charming, our server Matthew was terrific and so engaging, and even GM Michelle Jacob stopped by (a couple of times!) to see how we were doing.  Wonderfully creative craft cocktail menu.  I know this must sound like I own shares in the place, the truth is we're not even from Phoenix and just drove out to DBS to get into the countryside.  Didn't know anything about the restaurant, didn't plan to eat there.  We saw hummingbirds, lizards, and other critters.  We will definitely be back and recommend it to all our friends.  Note to chefs in our destination-restaurant hometown of Seattle:  Not everything has to contain bacon or offal.Absolutely delicious cocktails and US sourced cheese and meats on the charcuterie plate. The maître'd is very proud of the accolades heaped upon the restaurant, and with good reason. Locally sourced ingredients in the cocktails make them uniquely Arizonian. Our waiter, Joshua, was the picture of perfect service; attentive without being overbearing nor obsequious. If you're not going to the Dessert Botanical Gardens, you should. And since you're there, you should definitely stop at Gertrude's.This place is most excellent. I will note their prices are higher than one would expect.. but I honestly do not think people consider the price it costs the restaurant to have farm grown, local grown, fresh shipped and prepared foods. Their salmon is entirely great quality. The servers are very considerate and help you navigate your menus as well as recommendations! When you first go to a restaurant you never know what to get, there are so many options so it is nice to have recommendations based on your tastes. They are a 5 star In my bookThis place was amazing to say the least. Nestled in the Botanical Gardens, the perfect place to end a greet adventure. I had a smoked salmon cake covered in caviar. This was only complemented by the fresh white sangria. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. If you are looking for a wine list. This was pretty esoteric and maybe could use a few familiars for the non geek wine drinker. All in all I give it a thumbs up!Unexpected Perfection

Strawberry shortcake French toast

I like the service and food is consistant!

 chef 's restaurants. The place was great. The service was amazing. Excellent ambiance. Great food.  Loved the salmon, lemon potatoes, and broccoli.  The bacon wrapped dates for appetizer. The portions were generous.  Unfortunately,  I read a few reviews saying the portions were small and had a late lunch. No need to do that. The portions are generous. I didn't have room for desert! Overall,  a very pleasant fine dining experience.Waiter was a little arrogant and unattached, but the food was great and the other servers were excellent.I've now gone here about 15 times now including lunch and dinner and it's always amazing! A must go in Vegas!Olivia is one of the best, came here on Superbowl Sunday she made me and my girlfriend feel very welcomed, the food is good, but she made are night great, so good in fact we came back the next day for lunch, again she came out greeted us another great meal would definitely recommend to any body that wants good food and great serviceI have been here 3 times now and I only have very positive things to say.

Every little thing I do you're on my mind.(Nah, not really...it's not that serious lol)  My love, do you ever dream of curry coated chicken?I came in feeling pretty sick. What is better than soup to the rescue? Oh, and a perfectly executed plan to get dessert off of Rainbow Blvd afterwards. Items tried:

I will be staying home with the children when the new baby comes, and I can honestly say, I am sad to go.  If the need ever arises for daycare again, I will not hesitate to choose this facility!  

- Mocha

I try something different every time I go and have never been disappointed.  My favorites are the corn pizza, the meatballs, and the desert with the salted caramel and chocolate gelato. 

We shall return!I haven't reviewed Brewdog?!?! Are you freaking kidding me?!?!? 

YES!@!!!!We ended up with 7 orders of soup dumplings, a sugar can pork, and two duck confits.  Everything was AMAZING.

Good hire Hertz!Great customer service by Dom at check out. He excels in customer service and pride in his job. He made sure my experience with Hertz was personable and I will continue to rent from Hertz when in the Phoenix market and throughout my travels.You can't get any better than Tyler Hertz at Hertz in Phoenix.Bronson took great care of me checking in after a long weather delay and problem with my reservation. It is people as customer focused as Bronson that keep me coming back to Hertz.Hertz rental in Phoenix was seam-less. With the option to pay $35 for them to drive me back to the terminal in my private vehicle after dropping the rental car off. I love that! But, didn't need to. The shuttle bus was there & quick, & the driver was very helpful with my luggage. Love Hertz!!Always easy and quick to get a car and return a car.  Use the app, become a Fold member and no lines ever and free upgrades.Hertz at Sky Harbor is always efficient and the people are friendly.  The facility is pretty amazing too and the busses back to the terminal always are flowing.As always, my experience with Phoenix Airport Hertz was totally effortless and efficient. They are my "go to" car rental company!I left two brand new golf shirts and some other things in the back of my rental. As soon as i realized it, i filled out the online form for lost and found. Hertz sent me daily updates and a week later sent me all my stuff. Terrific, honest employees!i am very grateful. i usually rent from Hertz anyway, but i'll never go anywhere else nowI must state that this is an amazing place. I recently rented a car here and when I dropped it off I left an extremely expensive camera in the trunk! Inside of the camera case was jewelry as well. As I boarded the plane I realized that my equipment was in the trunk of the car. Landed in Chicago and called and my camera was found. I am amazed at the honesty of this companies employees. I never in my wildest dreams would have imagined getting my equipment returned. God bless these honest employees.Thank you so much to the Hertz staff for helping me find my lost item! They were all very professional and went the extra mile to help me. I was able to  file a claim online and have it sent Fed Ex the very next day.I lost my luggage and Michelle, Sean and Denise were incredible. Their attitude and kindness were unmatched and Hertz should be very proud of these associates who go above and beyond.I accidentally left my cell phone in my rental car.  I was sure this would be the beginning of a nightmare as I rely heavily on my cell phone for business.  The Hertz lost and found process was easy and I had my phone back in just a few days.  Great job Hertz and especially Michelle Peve, the Hertz rep that handled my case, who stayed in touch with me throughout the process.  (Hertz #543823932)What can I say about El Portal, its so great. The restaurant is owned and run by local poltico Mary Rose Wilcox, her husband Earl, and their family. While only open for breakfast and lunch, its well worth the trip downtown. The restaurant is actually an old mexican church, remodeled with all hispanic labor from the area, and is a quaint dining experience. The machaca and egg burrito or plate is so good, with fresh jalopenos and seasoned beef. The chorizo is spicy, but you wont be regretting eating it later on in the day. Try ordering the bacon, well done. Its so crispy, its life changing. For lunch, their are a number of traditional sonoran style dishes that you cant go wrong with. Try the chilaquiles, they are the best, and something you will only find around here. The staff is small, so you have to be patient, and not be looking to dine and leave quickly. Early Sunday mornings are so fun, the restaurant is low key, lots of families coming in after church and enjoying each others company. Overall, this is one of my special spots here in Phoenix, and I take everyone I know from out of town here!!!!Stopped in with some friends after a hike around South Mountain. We came in for a nice breakfast/lunch on a Sunday, around noon.I ordered the Chilaquiles based on Mary Rose Wilcox's suggestion (I love chilaquiles and have had too many experiences with lackluster versions to not ask). My co-eaters ordered a plate of flautas, chiles rellenos, huevos rancheros, and a bean and cheese burrito.The food came out fast (the restaurant was nearly empty) and it was excellent! The flour tortilla was thick and light and delicious. The chilaquiles were a little different from what I expected, but they were still quite delicious. The beans were excellent (Mexican restaurants must have fabulous beans, it's the litmus test).The whole experience was lovely. In fact, the only minus I have of the whole experience was a series of typos on the menu. But hey, the food was delicious!WOW!!!!  I love this place!!!  I work downtown and every chance I get I head to this tasty place...  I love the service and love the carne asada.  I would love it if they would stay open for dinner.  

The regular part buffet wasn't anything special though. Service was up with our drinks. Place was clean and we were happy.This is the best buffet I've ever been to in Phoenix.  The food was delicious, hot and fresh - row after row of tasty selections.  Items like sushi, hand rolls, crab legs, stuffed oysters and the SHRIMP!  Shrimp for days, shrimp every way you could want it and some ways you didn't even know about.  The service was prompt and friendly.  I didn't look around at the décor because I was too entranced by all of the delicious food.Great food always taste good when think it's a all you can eat good employee serviceThis is a great place overall.  Everything that I've gotten here has been amazing and awesome quality.   Relative to other buffets, dinner is a little higher than most, but not by much, and it's worth every penny.  You pay for quality so, splurge!!I played golf at Sunrise Vista on Nellis AFB and had a blast. There are 3 - 9 hole courses available - Eagle, Falcon and Raptor. Lots of open space, so I didn't have to worry about hitting anyone when I was teeing off! Friendly staff and great prices. If you golf after 12 PM, you get a cart and unlimited golf for $20. The food in the snack bar is also 1st rate. While you eat, you can watch sports on several large LCD TV's. If you get a chance to play here, take it.Awesome course to play on and the staff is very friendly.  their food has changed a bit from last month but all is still good here.  Hope it keeps on getting better.I have eaten here twice so far and definitely plan to return soon. The Diablo Shrimp pizzadilla is excellent as is Cochinita Pibil which is a melt in your mouth slow roasted pork with a delicious deep flavored red sauce served with plantains and pickled red onions. A surprise on the menu for me was the cauliflower potato cake which was flavorful and filling. The flan and gelato are wonderful. The flan is huge and comes out on a diner plate so be ready ! Try this place the service is friendly and the ambiance is relaxed and warm - definitely a great place for a date!P.S. You can watch the tortillas being made fresh... and definitely taste the difference!From the moment the host/hostess opens the door and welcomes you, you know the emphasis is going to be on customer service.  From the chips and salsa server, to the waiter/waitress, the general manager, and even the chef walking around, you know this company pays attention to details and wants their customers coming back for more!  From home made cocktails, to the diverse entrees, to the large sized desserts, you will be sure to find something to satisfy your every craving.  Be sure to check out their brunch, lunch, and dinner menus for plenty of variety having you come back for more!  The lively, loud, and fun atmosphere just add to the experience.  I highly recommend the salmon, pabil, pizzadillas, sandwhiches (lunch only), and horchata (weekends only).Loooove this place! As some of the other reviewers already said, I planned to go to 'North' for dinner one night, only to find that it is now Ninfa's! I've been here 3 times so far, each time, food has been wonderful! Particularly the fajitas- chicken fajitas come smothered in melted butter and chicken broth after flame! YUM! Tortilla's are homemade and delicious,  I also really enjoy the marinated skirt steak. The chips and salsa is also delightful, I enjoy the creamy tomatillo salsa :) Another element worth mentioning is the service, almost always extremely warm and friendly... the only problem I had is with one lame waitress- but overall it is a very nice experience! -- Also not a bad spot for margarita's!I was in Ninfas Monday night. They were having a community outreach night, so they were really busy. Nevertheless, the seevice from the bartender was perfect!  Witty as the dickens, with arms like tree trunks! The food was amazing! Cant wait to go back with my family.One of the Best Mexican food places in the valley. Diablo Shrimp Tacos.. damn good!!I was unaware of the usage of a food I was allergic to and when I started having a reaction the staff was excellent and very helpful. They promptly removed it and replaced it with something else! Food was great and had good prices. They had daily specials that were great. Fun atmosphere too.Ask for Deanne, she's usually running the bar. She special orders our 25 minute wings and they come out just right. Thanks to her and Kim too she does a great job!I love Chili's but this location just takes all the stars. Every time I come in here to either sit in or take out is always great. Staff is very friendly and attentive.Our party of 5 enjoyed a wonderful luncheon experience due to the excellent service provided by Terri.  All dishes were served exactly as ordered, food was hot and portions were generous.  Terri stopped by our table several times during the meal to inquire about satisfaction, the dining room was clean and the luncheon specials were well priced.Good food, clean and pleasant.  Best was wonderful waitress Kylee.  Very nice to us and even remembered my moms name after many months.  Hopefully will get her when we return!We recently hosted a bridal shower here, and it was perfect! We had a group of 17 in the semi-private front room for high tea. They were really great to work with, booking was easy, and the food was delicious! Everyone really liked the decor.Myself, my mother and her friend visited last week and enjoyed ourselves immensely. Mark in Ladies Wear was very, very helpful and humorous! Just a delight! We had lunch in the tea room and we enjoyed the meals by chef, Danny! It was great fun and we felt very at home. We would recommend this lovely place highly!I have travelled with AJ for almost 10 years and had a great experience.  I have toured with a number of different groups over the years, including Trafalger and UJA, and and rank AJ among the top tour groups.  Yes, you could plan your own trip for less money.  However, when I travel with a group I am looking to meet people I want to spend time with, trust the accommodations and F&B meet my travel standards, and know that all the details are taken care of by experts so that I can enjoy my vacation; AJ takes care of all that and my money is well spent.  I don't need to worry that I won't be seeing the absolute most that can be offered in a given location, that transfers and tour guides are provided for--it's all done.  

Not trendy, not fake. This is real deal good food to enjoy when you need a Mexican/salvadorian fix. 

Love this place!!The food is excellent.  You can bring your dog or ride in on your horse. Water is available for your horse and your dog (along with dog treats)...Hamburgers are the best.We have been there twice and the food was great and we enjoyed the staff.  Food is reasonably priced.  We will continue going.I really have to brag about Kenny Rule, owner of Greenworx Landscaping, LLC, and his team! They completed a backyard remodel for me in less than a weekend. I couldn't be  happier with my decision to choose Greenworx. When I first contacted Kenny, he came out within a few hours to give me an estimate. He worked within my budget and started working on my yard shortly after. Kenny and his team were timely, courteous, informative, and so efficient! He was so kind and helped me make smart decisions for my yard that would be cost effective, "dog-proof", and eye-popping for such a "bland" yard. The first two pictures are the "before" pictures and the last two are the "after" pictures. I highly recommend Greenworx Landscaping for any/all of your Landscaping needs! They were such a pleasure to do business with! Thank you, Kenny, for all of your hard work! Time to relax and enjoy your Easter weekend! :)Kenny is all about customer service.  He stopped by my house today to give me a quote and fixed one of my sprinkler heads at no charge.  If you are looking for a quality  landscaping  service give Kenny a call.  You will not be disappointed!Prior to new ownership the previous owner, Kenny,  came over to give me a quote and never contacted me again. It was like a freaking social hour when he was there and just wanted to talk about himself.  After new ownership was taken over, I found out due to looking for a new landscaper and I contacted Jennifer. She was pleasant and understood what I was asking for. I have my yard done every two weeks with this company under new management. It is affordable and my yard is beautiful. Thank you Jennifer and Mike I love it!!!I ate here with a couple friends yesterday and it was delicious!  I ordered the carne asada tacos with rice and beans...so good! They also had really good salsa and guacamole.  The staff was very friendly and I loved the decor.  I will definitely be back!No fault of the restaurant more than bad parents, but there was a screaming brat which wasn't controlled and that made for a loud experience. For a veggie burrito, had great flavor and decent size for the price.  Would go again to try something else. Eagerly awaiting more on the menu as the place grows in popularity.I've been here a couple of times and have been very pleased. The decor is very colorful and tastefully done. The margaritas are excellent and paired with the cuisine nicely. The service was awesome!  It was just what was needed in this neighborhood!Fun little restaurant, awesome salsa. I had the shrimp fajitas, delicious and a large portion. Looks like I have lunch for tomorrow!It was a wonderful experience and will definitely try again the food was fresh hot and made just like the authenticity it should be.  The presentation was wonderful and they definitely take that extra step to make sure that you enjoyed the food as well as the service. Even by the cook coming out to ask how everything is is a great touch of customer service. Now if they can have a margarita that matches the quality of the food I will be in trouble.First time here. 

As the first reviewer said, some of the gallery pictures aren't the best.  They get better on around page five:

(We did salad instead)

-Park on the street or nearby paid parking lotsThis place has the best hotcakes !!.. I ordered the "morning after" breakfast special & upgraded to their specialty strawberry hotcakes, it was one of the best hotcakes I have ever had. My boyfriend also had the chorizo & eggs. The potatoes on the side were so yummy!!.On my recent visit to the 'Burgh, I knew I had to see what all the hub-bub about Pamela's P & G Diner was. When I arrived, I had a short 10 minute wait for a table and got served the famous hotcakes shortly after being seated. They are amazing! The hotcakes are extremely thin and crispy on the edges. I thought I knew a good breakfast before but Pamela showed me a different world through her addictive, fluffy hotcakes. The workers were very friendly and efficient. This is a must when visiting Pitt. You won't be sorry!The latest Pamela's in town! Great, as I was out in these parts for a wedding and feared I wouldn't be able to visit one back in Squirrel Hill or Shadyside because of the time constraint. I need my hotcake fix!!The insides of the place feels as retro as any other Pamela's, and the menu the same. However, the quality is still there. Their hotcakes, with the whipped cream and brown sugar, are still the best. The potatoes, or better, the corned beef hash, remained the most flavourful I've had in my life. Ever.I think I will have to keep coming back to Pittsburgh, even if I don't need to visit anyone. Because Pamela's.I live in Colorado, and found this place on yelp.  The hotcakes here are so good that I've now been to Pittsburgh on 2 separate trips, but I've been to Pamela's 4 times.  Even if you've never been a huge pancake fan, you absolutely have to try them, since they are a unique creation that's maybe 2/3 pancake and 1/3 crepe with crispy edges.  I've only had something like this at one other place in the Amana colonies in IA.  Maybe its a Mennonite thing?  The bacon was pretty lifeless, but the sausage links are really good, so I can't count them off any stars for that.  Actually, even if I didn't like the bacon or sausage, I would still come here at every opportunity.  The hotcakes are *that* good.  CASH ONLY!!I rarely give 5 stars. It has to be an exceptional experience. Breakfast here was a religious experience. Hands down the best in my memory. Crepe hot cakes are like heaven on your tongue. The corn beef and Swiss omelet was superb. Are they a one trick pony? Maybe but that trick is worth the visit. GO HUNGRY.LOVE this place!! My first time in Pittsburgh and I'm glad we got to go here. Service was great, food came out fast and was so good. I got the banana and choc chip hot cakes, very good. My husband got the malted waffle and my sister in law got the egg salad sandwich, both very good! If I ever come back to Pittsburgh I will def come back here!!Been here twice and i love it. Every time i come to Pittsburgh i make sure this is one of my stops. I always mean to get the pancakes but i order an omelet instead. Then i sneak bites from friend's plates for the best of both worlds.The ONLY downside to this place is the wait. Although I'm guessing I just went at a bad time - Saturday brunch - packed house! Eh well, so worth the wait. Not to mention while you're waiting, if you're just visiting the city - peruse the rest of the area before and after, you may have to leave "that guy" waiting in line for ya because if you don't you get bumped - old school right! haha

4. white bean with chopped tomato- this one was good but tasted like traditional bruschetta and we were looking for the funky. so probably won't order this one again unless i'm in the mood for traditional bruschetta. we also ordered the autostrada panini to split but our eyes were bigger than our stomachs. we wound up taking that home. it was quite tasty.the only issue we had was when the bill came. they charged everything a la carte and forgot to apply the tuesday special ($20 bottle of wine and board of bruschetta)  but they more than made up for it. they felt so bad, fixed it right away and comped our sandwich. love this place.Holy Crap they've done a lot with this place! Having grown up in this neighborhood, I remember this building being Katz deli. Man it is so different from the yellow brick deli in my memory.Of course we ordered the bruschetta: 

I went there all the time when i am studying at csn charleston campusI love this place. It gives me an understanding of how things used to be. The owner goes out of his way to know everyones name. The food is outstanding and comes in portions that the body is SUPPOSED to intake at one seating. Great friendly atmosphere. Even if the food weren't so amazing, I'd go just to hang out with Jin (owner). Two thumbs and one big toe up!!A few years ago, we stumbled into BFG after reading yelp reviews.  Every time has been simply fantastic.  The chicken is always perfectly prepared in whatever form.  Baked, Fried, or Grilled. (BFG get it?)   The perfection of the chicken strip, what ever the cooking method  would easily make for a 5 star review, but wait, let's talk about the mac and cheese.  Bubbly hot, silky smooth and simply delicious. From the first mouth searing bite to the bitter end of licking the bowl clean, it is simply heaven. Woo-Hoo this sounds good, but wait, there is a another layer to drool over, the signature dipping sauces.   My personal favorite is the Wasabi cream.  Just enough heat to bring the tears, but so good you can't stop.  Bring  a straw and love the burn.  The thai sweet chili is very unique with a mild heat and a multitude of flavorful back tones. The honey mustard is subtle and is a nice counterpoint to the more powerful flavors mentioned above.  If you prefer something a bit more mellow,there are several more varieties for your considerationWe have perfectly prepared chicken, exceptional side dishes and incredible dipping sauces, what else could you ask for?  How about an owner that is the penultimate example of customer service?  If you come in every day or once a year, Jin always remembers your name and what you like, he personally greets you and makes you feel at home.  It doesn't get much better than thisI just went this week end with a friend.  The food was great !  Price was better !!  Service was very friendly and quick.  The place was nice and clean.  I can't think of one thing to gripe about this place, it was great for lunch or a quick dinner.came here after reading all the yelp reviews... all i gotta say is.. BEST MAC AND CHEESE PERIOD. seriously, this is how god intended mac and cheese to taste like and if u havent had mac and cheese from here, u havent tried mac and cheese.. BOMB DIGGITYGreat atmosphere. Great mac & cheese!!! Decent prices. Small place wouldn't stay to eat there often but take out is quick and easy.This place is the best chicken in town! I had the fried chicken with the sweet chili, and buffalo. Made fresh to order, light crispy, so moist, it was the best!Let's talk the Mac n cheese. I've never had better, even after finishing I wanted to lick the bowl. The French fries were hot crispy and flavorful. I can't wait to go back and eat there again.Food so good it put me to sleep. First time at this place and the food may have just made me a regular. Fried chicken strips were nice and crispy. The BFG and wasabi cream are awesome together, and separately try mixing it. The Mac and cheese is like crack. I wanted more after I finished it.We had 2 4piece combos for ~14.- seems asian owned. great fried chicken! panko. tender. served fresh. better than raising canes. better deal.

Highly recommend this place to my fellow chicagoans here in vegas.awesome pizza :)1st time here today. The service was excellent and the food is grrrrreat. We ordered the Pizza Bread, Italian Beef and Chicago Dog. I would definitely recommend all items to anyone. Oh, and the fries were literally golden with the perfect amount of crunch on the outside and softness on the inside. This place is a must try.The spacious and casual, The Taste of Chicago Restaurant, located inside Lucky's Lounge II at the corner of Warm Springs and Jones is a wonderful treat! For those who are from Chicago will be familiar with the Chicago-style hot dogs and deep dish pizza. Or you may be inclined to enjoy favorites like Saganaki - pan-seared Greek cheese with seasonings and lemon which comes flaming to your table. The thin crust pizza is amazing as well. It tastes like Barnaby's pizza from the Chicagoland area! The Italian Beef Sandwich with Giardiniera is simply the best as well! French fries are great an remind me of Portillo's. Although there is a full-bar attached, the restaurant offers some wonderful wines including a few Greek wines! There is live entertainment 4 nights a week: Tuesday (KARAOKE - Karaoke Therapy w/ Dr. G), Thursday (Blues), Friday (Frank Sinatra impersonator) & Saturday's (Motown). Generally there are food specials on Karaoke night and other nights. You have to check with the restaurant to see about specials and any changes or additions to entertainment. They do offer delivery and have a large enough space for private functions!This past San Gennaro Feast, I was on the hunt for an Italian beef sandwich. I came across The Taste Of Chicago and got one of their Italian beef sandwiches! It was so good I have been craving it ever since and had to go to their restaurant to get one. It was a drive from my house but so worth it! The man who was working (I think I heard someone call him Rich) was funny and super nice. I love the atmosphere of their restaurant and will be back! I definitely recommend a visit to this place. :)I went back and this time we had the pizza! Thin crust with pepperoni, Italian beef and fresh garlic. Amazing! We talked to three different guys, including one who I think is the owner, and they were awesome. Again, not disappointed at all!Was referred here by a friend and very happy! Great job on my cleaning and fabulous with my 6 yr old little girl, we'll be back! ThanksWonderful dental office from the receptionist to the dentist and orthodontist. Friendly and professional staff. I would highly recommend.This office was awesome! I was referred to them through an agency that I work with. I called on a Monday and they got me in on Wednesday. I got there and was greeted by the young lady at the desk with a smile! I filled out all my paperwork and they took me back right away. They stayed right on time. So after having my x-rays and exam, I needed to have a tooth pulled. Instead of rescheduling me to a different day, they did it while I was there. So no second trip back! The procedure didn't take long at all and it was painless. The doctor was great and so were his assistants! I have always disliked the dentist but was very happy with the way I was treated here! They are great and I can't thank them enough for doing such a great job. I will be returning for a cleaning soon and am looking forward to seeing their happy faces!I have to say one of the most amazing experiences that i have ever had at a dentist office-Ok... here was the situation, its a Tuesday afternoon and its 4 o'clock and I'm in the Car. Its AZ so it is hot and i break a tooth in 1/2, right there in the car. I mean i am spitting up pieces of teeth. (Moral of that story don't use your teeth as pylers) Totally Gross. Now I'm not sure if you're allowed to do this but I will throw my old dentist under the bus- screw western dental @ stapley and Main - i stop by my dentist for this clearly emergency situation and they tell me come back monday. What !!! Outrageous. Ive got a mouth full pain, face is swelling and you're too busy. SO i ask how about your other locations can you check to see if they can get me in. She hands me a business card with the other locations Phone numbers. Nice huh, don't worry they will get their review next.So I'm at a loss sitting in the parking lot with pieces in hand (outrageous amounts of pain) and I call my boss who is friends/Neighbors with Kelly from the office and not 10 seconds later i was given Southwest Smiles contact infoI Called them up and they said come in, we will fit you in. You See... Kelly took it upon herself to take time out of her day on her night off to help me out.  Ive never met her. She had already called the office and had made them aware of my situation before i even stepped foot in their door. they were waiting for me.The Receptionist was very nice and polite. She got my paperwork done quicklyThe Dental Assistant ALEX i will mention his name specifically because he truly is one of the most talented (nurse/ assistant??) people i have ever met. Extremely Talented. The entire time he was helping me he was training another. She too ( The Trainee) was very nice. I'm sorry but her name has slipped me. but i remember our conversations and one day she will make a great doctor. Both of them were genuine and you could tell they truly love their work and helping others. TO___Dr. Ormeni (hope I'm spelling it right)I'm at a loss for words...A Master of your Talent,  THANK YOU!!!When i came into  the office the sun was up and when i left you locked the door behind me. they were closing and they stayed late that night.. For METhe Damage to my Mouth was a Emergency Root Canal, 1 Temp Crown (ordered) and several chipped teeth. To Southwest Smiles , Thank you 

If back in Madison, we will pay a return visit.  A real treat.Hot damn.Can we just talk about how glad I am that Heritage started doing brunch?

Absolutely love what they have done and are still continuing to do.Great service! Alex and the team provide excellent service. Honest, reliable, fast and good quality. However, this place works only on European cars only. As the name implies.Eurowise team are very knowledgable and genuinely care about their customers which hard to find. They have serviced my past 3 and will go the extra mile to make sure the job is done. Customer service is great and I highly recommend them to anyone honest quality service. Glad to see them expanding to Charleston Sc!Took great care of my MK4 .:R32 and my girlfriends '11 BMW 128i.  Just had basic maintenance performed.  Oil change on the BMW and brake fluid on the .:R.  They were very knowledgeable and provided great service.  Will be going back in the future for other maintenance.Decided to get away from dealer service for my Lexus RX350. Needed routine maintenance at 45000 miles. Dealer quoted me 320.00 for the service. Eurowise completed it in two hours and 50% cheaper. Great service. Bring your car Here for service and aftermarket upgrades. Too many cars to list on site that I saw BMW, Audi, VW, Porshe, Etc... Anything foreign getting serviced and some incredible cars getting upgrades of all kinds from wheels to turbos. Great spot. Highly recommend.This place has 5 stars for a reason. Skip the dealerships, skip the sketchy mechanic shops, and bring your car here. Rock bottom prices, top notch quality, and mechanics you can trust. My boy Youssef (spelling?) hooked me up with a PCV Valve in under 24 hours when most places couldn't get it to me for a few days. Oh and by the way, it was 40 dollars less than the dealerships quote price on the valve, and I went with the OEM option (top recommended). 

Tamara totally made me over with the hair color, cut, styling and length. She worked her magic with Extentions and a multi-color style. I couldn't ever have imagined just how magnificent she made me look. 

Jalapeño yellowtail sashimi.

Didn't care what she looked like, she not only has their voice, she has the mannerisms down. See her before she gets too big to afford the ticket.WOW!!! What a show! Easily the best show in Vegas right now. I live here and have seen almost everything out there and this woman and her dancers are awesome. Next time you are in Vegas, make reservations before you get here for Veronic. (Veronic does only three shows a week, Thursday-Saturday) She does a stellar, fast paced show and you will leave blown away by her impersonations. Celine Dion produces this show and her touches are evident in a beautiful & flawless production. While the Jubilee theater is a nice intimate theater, I hope Veronic achieves a better venue to showcase her fabulous talent. Just GO everybody!Best show for a long time. Lovely lady with a fabulous voice, great stage presence.

He ordered the Smoked chicken wings with blue cheese dressing. I tried one, they were ok, I prefer hot wings. The bleu cheese was not the best I've ever had either. It could have used some bigger chunks in it.

Our server Rory took great care of us and anticipated our needs. He was also extremely helpful with the menu and wine selections. 

fantastic to amazing, guaranteed to satisfy any craving! For dessert I love a good strawberry shake which they make with chocolate shoppe ice cream on an old fashion spindle so they are nice and thick! You can really tell that the staff enjoys working there and it's fun to see the open kitchen while your meal is prepared!!! A must eat place!Fantastic burgers and an excellent beer selection. What more could one ask for? How about a very friendly staff, chill atmosphere and cool decor (including the creepy dolls above the bar).Quite possibly the most awesome place I've ever lived or even been to, and I've been around....Madison sweet Madison, I miss almost everything about this place except the freezing winters.  I go back here once a year and go crazy.  So lucky to have gone to college here!!!Madison is the only place in the whole world I would move to without a second thought. Don't get me wrong, MInneapolis, I do love you. It's just that Madison makes me feel....good about myself. She's prettier and smaller and is full of bat shit crazy drunkos (and not just the bloated, pasty ones you have.) I'm not breaking up with you, Minneapolis, but that doesn't mean I'm going to stop cheating on you anytime soon.Madison is beautiful and no doubt a great place to live.  Leans a bit to the left, politically.Madison has one big problem.  They can't put in a public urinal without debating it for 10 years.  And this may be a good thing!  Though they seem to have trouble getting things done they do keep this town in rather beautiful shape.   The amenities of the town are everything I have time for and we love it here.  UW Madison is wonderful, Government is here with the beautiful capitol building.   Three, used to be 4 hospitals.  Two great book stores and numerous used book stores.  A variety of restaurants.  Beautiful women and handsome men.  Who could ask for more?  I ask for more and better restaurants or at least just raise the bar on the ones that exist and everything would be like heaven here.Madison was the city that I arrived when I first came to the US for school almost 10 years ago. This is the very first place I called home in the US.  This is the city that my dad, my mom, my brother, and my sister once called home. This is where all we once lived.Madison is great. It's not too big and not too small, and it has everything that you will need. Madison in Summer is so amazingly fun. Madison in Winter is yes very cold but still not that bad since you dont need to drive far to long to fight snow. Madison in Autumn and Spring is very beautiful.I wouldnt hesitate to move back here. No matter where I live in the US, i will always consider Madison as my first home.Best city ever. I never want to live anyplace else.I've never lived in Madison, but I LOVE Madison!  It has the perfect Combination of everything!!! Every time I come here, I just feel good.  There is an energy that is hard to understand unless you experience it for yourself.Maybe every College Town is like this, but I've spent a lot of time in, "College Towns" and Madison has them all beat.  5 Stars for sure!!!Recently, our little family took a vacation that included going to Madison for the first time. We stayed 3 nights there and LOVED it!  This place is so awesome!I would never think of Madison as being somewhere cool to go for vacation but it really is!  I love the atmosphere of the entire city.  Everything is so very "green" with most people walking, running or biking to get everywhere on one of the MANY trails set aside for that reason.  The water... the river... the shopping... it's all so wonderful!  State Street is a definite "Must see"... a street that's been blocked off to automobile traffic to make it easier for shoppers to move about on food, taking in loads of shopping, local performers and local cafes.  Most of the educational things to do there are free or minimal fee admission; museums, zoos, etc.  I didn't think it'd be the case, but I actually love it in Madison!!Madison.....an absolutely fantastic college town!  I love to go back and visit!  Madison has it all, great food scene, great night life, fantastic lake scenes, etc., I could go on and on.  Some things to do and see in Madison, the University of Wisconsin, the Capitol, just about any of the restaurants, the Memorial Union Terrace, the Monona Terrace, any bar around campus, State Street....again, I could go on and on.  There is just so much to do that I don't think I could list everything in one review.  If you want to get an idea of a great city in Wisconsin, Madison is the place to do it!This is an interesting city. It is very unique. Kind of like a cross between Washington DC and San Francisco and unfortunately without the trains. I suggest visiting during the summer and staying for at least a weekend.Where my heart lives. So much to offer. Such a wonderful place to grow up.  After moving to Chicago I realized I missed the cheese, the beer, and the hippies.There's no greater city on earth than Madison, WI. Love this town I've called home for 15 years.I actually thought I was checking into the City-County building on Yelp! in anticipation of writing a review for the City Clerk's office. I'll still give them my review here. I love that they are open in advance of every election so you can vote on your own time and aren't rushed to do it on election day. I have a job that requires a lot of last-minute travel out of town, and when I learned I had to miss the last election and didn't have time for the typical absentee voting process, I was still able to vote in person at the Clerk's office. They were open until 7 PM M-F the two weeks prior to the election. No excuses, folks! This stuff is important and it's your civic duty to oblige!It's the only bar I miss after moving away.  And it's the first place I go to whenever I stop back in town.  Yeah, it's a dive.  It smells like shit all the time.  Packed with idiots, mostly undergrads and I'm sure some underagers.  It is pretty much as bad as the other reviewers say it is.  But where else can you get a pint of vodka for $2.50?My favorite bar in Madison.The bar is beyond a dive. It is a black out bar.So, you only have ten dollars and you want to kill your feelings with 

The Oysters are absolutely out of the world, the best!!

My advice....sit at the bar and ask for Jeff. He'll take care of you:)Excellent food - excellent service . Had the orange chicken and fried rice . Absolutely delicious . Server ( Mandi ) was awesome :)the iced raspberry truffle was seriously and quite possibly the best coffee I've ever had. no joke. I was a little annoyed the girl rang me up for a whopping $7 large when I ordered the medium, but since it was the best coffee in the world...it was worth it.I consider myself so lucky to have found Dr. Amy Terlisner at Aletris Center of Integrative Medicine. Dr. Terlisner is one of the most knowledgeable, friendly and helpful doctors I have been to, and I've been to a lot! I was starting to doubt the ability of many doctors, especially traditional doctors who spend 5 minutes with you and write you a prescription but my experience with Dr. Terlisner was so much different! During my initial visit she spent an entire hour listening and asking questions and we went over my entire medical history in thorough detail. She ordered a complete blood analysis and showed me all the things I needed to do to get my body back in balance and I've been feeling so much better. I would highly recommend her to anyone in search of a naturopathic doctor, she's simply the best!After a bit of time on my hands and a few friendly tips, I decided to give Alternative Medicine a try. The problem was...I had no idea what I should try! All I knew is that my back was hurting and my sinuses were driving me crazy. Sure, pain killers and allergy medication are fun to take, but why not give something else a try?So, I contacted them to see what I should do. I had no idea that there were so many different treatments available! IV therapy, colon hydrotherapy (what the hell??? that does not sound comfortable...good thing i don't have a problem there), sugar hair removal, chemical peels, facials, physical manipulation, nutrient injections, and so many other things. I opted for the save bet...Acupuncture! Once I arrived, I was immediately greeted and shortly thereafter Sanyee, the Acupuncturist, met with me. We spent at least 20 minutes talking about my various issues (I realized that there was a lot more going on that I thought) and possible sources. Throughout the entire session, Sanyee was extremely friendly, caring, attentive and calming. Overall, the experience was awesome! They even emailed me the intake paperwork, so I could complete it at home as opposed to sitting in the waiting area.  I would definitely recommend ALETRIS to anyone (actually...I already have!)!While I don't wish to reveal personal medical information, I feel very strongly about Aletris. Dr. Dye is currently treating me for what other doctors told me was a chronic condition. After years of seeing doctors and specialists, I still felt like something was missing and that I could get better with the right help. I've progressed significantly and she has found the cause of my symptoms, and I do not have a chronic condition. My health issues stem from diet/lifestyle, and making changes there has had an enormous impact on my health.Dr. Dye is the first naturopath I've ever worked with, and I didn't really know what naturopathy is all about. It's amazing spending 45 minutes or more with a doctor. Dr. Dye ordered lab tests that provided a lot of information, and always spent a lot of time with me discussing what was working, what was going on in my body, and what treatment would be. I'm healthier than I ever have been and no one else, not even specialists, were able to help me like Dr. Dye. I'm very confident that I did no unnecessary testing or supplements; the doctors here clearly have your best interest at heart and are considerate of the costs that go along with treatment (which I found to be extremely reasonable). Dr. Dye worked to identify and treat the cause, instead of just treating the symptoms. It's very different from visiting other practitioners and I've really found it to be amazing! I am so grateful.I think a second opinion is always valuable.  Having said that, I think that you are responsible for your own health.  I have been seeing Dr. T. For several years.  And I don't feel like she has pushed me to anything.  In fact, I find her brighter than most of the MDs that I have gone to.  I have been helped a lot by going here.I discovered Aletris when I purchased a Groupon for some Vitamin B12 shots.  The shots were great and helped me gain more energy.  I had been suffering from a frozen shoulder and had spent months in pain, spending thousands on surgery, physical therapy, cortisone shots, and taking super strong drugs.  While at an appointment for my B12 shot I mentioned my shoulder problem to one of the Doctors.  She suggested I give acupuncture a try.  I was not a believer in acupuncture but since my pains was so severe and traditional western medicine had not helped, I was desperate for any relief.  I made an appointment with Christina Robb, their acupuncturist, that day.  After three treatments I was virtually pain free.  I also saw their in house Chiropractor Dr. Abe for a few very gentle Chiropractic Treatments.  I have been pain free for 4 months now.  I no longer take any pain medications and have regained near full use of my arm/shoulder.  These folks are the best and so professional--no high pressure.  They coordinate care among all of the in-house providers and are just so caring.   I've never felt better!This is the first time I've ever been to a doctor where they made a copy of my lab work results for me and walked me through them line by line. I've seen four practitioners there, and they've all been great about asking questions and actually listening to my answers. I don't really consider their recommendations as "alternative" but, rather, natural. I'm getting answers, not prescriptions.I have been going to Aletris for over 3 years now and have recommended it to all my friends and family. I have mostly seen Dr. Terlisner and her care is excellent, she listens well and takes a holistic approach without being too "crunchy". She respected what I had to say and steered me in the right direction and I feel much better today then I did my first visit. The rest of the staff there is just as great, I've had wonderful experiences with Dr. Abe, Dr. Eckart and colon hydrotherapy.I regularly see Dr. Dye for both myself and my son who has ADHD. The office is extremely professional. Scheduling appointments is super easy and wait time for your appointment is minimal. The doctors use blood work and other types testing to determine food allergies, hormonal imbalances and specific medical issues unique to your situation. I've discovered gluten and other food intolerances I had NO idea I had. Blood testing and symptoms analysis has led me to discover hormonal imbalances and we are in the process of dialing a solution for these issues. This center has uncovered issues and addressed them where other doctors have missed the diagnosis. Don't hesitate to make your appointment. Data driven decisions and solid solutions.I have seen both Dr. Dye and Dr. Eckhart for separate issues and look forward to each visit as I know I am in good hands and getting my health on the right track!  Erin and Jill are super helpful as well.  I have referred others to Aletris with trust that they will be taken care of with great compassion and professionalism.  I value the holistic approach with great appreciation for being seen as a human rather than a set of symptoms.  My voice is heard as a valuable tool in the treatment plan and makes me so appreciative of functional medicine rather than just taking a prescription to mask discomfort.  Thank you for all you do!Dr. Kayla Eckart is very professional and compassionate about what she is doing.  She does not give up to find relief for her patients and discuss with other professionals at the center to find the right form of action.  I have full confidence in the center and Dr. Eckart and can highly recommend her services.  I also want to add that Erine who is running the office is very efficient and friendly and makes checking in and out and making an appointment a breeze.We love Dr. Dye!  We went through a few pediatricians before we found Dr. Dye and we are so glad we found her.  Our daughter absolutely loves her.  Dr. Dye is very nice and patient, she answers all of our questions and gives great advice. The office staff is very professional and scheduling appointments is easy.  We recommend this office to everyone.So, I was seven days into a juice cleanse when it was suggested that a colonic would help my body to absorb more nutrients. Never having had one, I was unsure as where to go. I decided it would be a bit much to have my personal assistant locate a clinic so I went on google and searched. My first few calls were not encouraging. I found very few of these clinics answer the phone during business hours. I saw some google reviews of a few locations run out of homes and not being clean. Ugh!Then I went on Yelp and found Aletris. I called and explained what I was doing and the receptionist was professional and courteous. She was able to get me scheduled for the same day.The office itself was very clean; my OCD was never triggered. The staff was very professional as I was guided through the procedure in a calm and logical order. Everything was thoroughly explained as I was a first timer and found their entire approach made it as easy as it could be.Their location was a little bit out of the way for me, but the service, professionalism and cleanliness was well worth the drive.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I had my fourth treatment of acupuncture yesterday with their acupuncturist Christina for my anxiety. And so far so good! Nothing but great results! She is extremely professional and she's so passionate about what she does. She's a great listener and is extremely helpful when answering my questions to the best of her knowledge. The staff and super nice, clean, and organized as well. I will continue to religiously get acupuncture treatments with Christina! Can't wait to see more great results! I encourage everyone to try acupuncture! It's so healingAbsolutely love Aletris Center of Integrative Medicine!  I have suffered with Hashimoto's Disease for over 10 years and am finally getting some real help/hope here. 

The décor was casual with TVs throughout. The eye opener was the wall of fire. Yes, real fire.Service:

Nous y allons toujours pour l'heure du déjeuner mais ils servent aussi à dîner et à souper.

To sum up.. a VERY NICE treat to the happy stomach.A+ - GREAT ALL AROUND.  Service superb and food even better.  Highly recommend.I visited Ferraro's about a year ago (I wish I had reviewed it then),  and I have to say that this restaurant has given me the best customer service I have ever received. Our waiter was extremely attentive, and the food was spectacular. I ordered a dish, ate the entire thing, and had the waiter come up to me to tell me he had given me the wrong meal. I usually don't make a fuss about things of that nature, so I told him to not worry about it because I hadn't even noticed. He was not having it! He proceeded to comp our entire meal, gave us free dessert, and made me my original order to go. Now if that's not good customer service, I don't know what is. I will definitely be returning when I get the opportunity. Thank you Ferraro's for the memorable experience!One of the best places in Vegas, and off the strip.  Food is always superb, and service is always very attentive.  Wine list and sommelier are top notch, and good value can be found.  Lobster ravioli makes the trip worth it.I LOVE LOVE LOVE Ferraro's!!!!  I have lived here for 17years & just never have gone!!!  I have even worked with one of the Ferraro family member's years ago!!!  I had some friend's in town from Chicago they wanted Italian so I took them here!!!  It was soooo good!!!!  I was surprised & sad that it took me this many years to try it!!!!  It was late at night but the bartender that waited on us was very nice & didn't ignore us as we weren't sitting at the bar!!!  I can't wait to go back!!!!  Everything the four of us ate was FABULOUS!!!!We had dinner last night at this Las Vegas gem, and had a thoroughly enjoyable meal! I had the Bucatini Carbonara and it was delicious. Sampled the other entrees from dining campanions and was impressed with theirs as well. The service was outstanding - everyone was gracious and warm. Pricey? Not for the level of cuisine and service!There is only one place I would want a person to sell like a car salesman, and thats here at Ferraro's!  The waiter who was assigned to our party was just like Alfred from Batman!  He was at our beck and call.  He was attentive to our needs, very knowledgeable of the Italian food lingo and he wheeled n' dealed us on the most prestigious dishes on the menu.  Not to mention his team of bus persons who hawked us for any breadcrumbs to be immediately scraped off the table.  

My favorite server is Natalie, she's always upbeat, happy and does a great job!Very consistent and great food... Close to home too so we frequent this place a lot. It's not that the food is amazing but it's pretty authentic Mexican American and we like it. Really love their salsa trio that comes with complimentary chips (especially the green variety). Tasty margaritas and I love the Flan if I have any room left... We like to sit in the bar area. Pretty fast service in there. When it's not too hot the patio is fun to hang out on with friends. A pitcher of margaritas, chips, salsa and some yummy guacamole makes for a fun happy hour with friends too!I have been eating at this location for some time. The wait staff and management are always friendly. This location can handle a lot of people so if the parking lot looks busy, come on in, since the wait is typically not that long.  I love the fundito dip, the fish taco/meal and the house margaritas.  Good food and a good value.Good atmosphere with good food.  Not quite the same ambience as the original El Encanto but always a good experience.  I love their Pollo Fundido dish and their Prickly Pear margaritas.The food was great ! Must try the fundito and the flan is the best I think I have tried ... Wendy our waitress made our dinner special ... She took extra care of me and my family (there was 8 total).  She had a many great suggestions and kept a big smile through it all :)Great food, and our family of eight tried a number of different items and no one was dissatisfied. The pollo Fundito was a big hit by a few people in the party. Our server Wendy was terrific! She was attentive, friendly, and ready with descriptions and recommendations. 

The one time I did stay in, I ordered a cinnamon roll that they offered to heat up for me and it literally was the best one I have ever had. 

Oh & did I mention they have fried dough??

Employees are funny and make you feel welcomed, these guys know what they are doing, best haircut place ive been too.Go see my boy Sam he is a good dude gives great cuts too! Tell him Jaryd sent you make sure you call and make a appointment it gets a little busy! Just some adviceThis is by far the best shop on the Southwest side of town. Have been there about a dozen times and always satisfied with the results.  Sam and Scott both do great work so you can't go wrong with either of them. Best is to make an appointment because they do get pretty crowded. I'm just glad I don't have to drive across town to get a good cut!I've been living in Vegas for a year and a half now, and have been searching for a barber shop that is convenient and  can give me the same quality and service I am used to with my old barber back home. I was very pleased with the shop. Sam did a great job on my cut!! The shop is clean comfortable and welcoming. I will definitely be a regular here. Best shop in the Southwest no doubt.Just got done gettin a hair cut at this place. Hands down one of the best barbers I've ever been to. If your looking for a good barber this is the place to go.I've been coming here for a minute now and Ive never been disappointed.!! Sam runs the shop. He's a really cool dude and does good work!!A barbershop located on the corner of blue diamond and Durango.

The best equipment store to go to on the northwest side of town.Save yourself the trouble of driving all over town for gear and hit Calvada. I went to literally every "tactical/LEO"  geared shop in town and all were a bust. This was my last stop and I found everything I needed. Even boots which made my day. Being a female it's hard to find duty boots, but this shop had plenty of sizes and styles to choose from. Staff was extremely helpful too. Thanks again guys!  I'll definitely be back.Calvada is the best place for public safety gear. I have been shopping at Calvada since they were at their old location. They always have what I am looking for, and if they don't have it they can order it. I bought an end cap for my expandable baton a few weeks ago, and they installed it for me right there in the store. They have a great selection of holsters and gear. They haven't expanded and gotten too big which has been the downfall of other public safety shops in Las Vegas. They do not refund returns, they only give store credit, which I haven't had a problem with, but just be aware of it. Calvada is a great place to shop!My favorite bank. 

The food quality is good, prove is reasonable, and the location and building is very nice. The staff was friendly and helpful! No wait for a quick business lunch. 

Staff Friendliness: 10

My only suggestion is to have more porta potties in the section where the higher end cars are exhibited. It's easy to buy beer but harder to get rid of it!..lol. 

Casual and not very noisy. Very comfortable environment. Extra: I will definitely be coming back here again many times.Sushi is always fresh! Staff is very friendly ! Most defiantly my favorite Sushi restaurant !!! The wait time is well worth it !!I ordered all you can eat and it's so worth it. Service was great. You will get full quick so order half of the rolls so you can try everything.Lunch 11:45 am-4pm $21.95 AYCE

 

It was my first and last visit to this establishment. Staff was rude. There is no order to this place. Just mass chaos with people cutting in front of others. I opened the case to get an Arizona Orange and a young girl came up in front of me and grabbed it. Staff said more were coming out from the truck. I was paying and asked if there was more. Told they were sold out and asked for a bag for my pies because everyone else was getting one. Lady rolled her eyes and then gave me one. Horrible experience.Updated review:

shitake mushroomdessert:

don't forget XTRA GARLIC!Went there for the first time after living here over a year and my only regret is that I never went  until now!  Amazing pizza!  Love all the options you have from the sauce to the toppings.  The atmosphere was very alive but not crazy loud.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful in explaining the menu, options and making suggestions.  Just wish they did delivery!  Definitely a place that I will go to on a regular basis.  Great beer and beverage selection also.  This is how pizza should be!Some of the best pizza we've ever had!  We got the large pizza with pepperoni, feta cheese, and green olives on half (the green olives weren't listed on the menu, so just ask for them).  The pizza had the perfect amount of thin crust crisp with just enough creaminess of the cheese...truly amazing!  We sat at one of the high-top tables in the front of the restaurant, which gives a little more room in between tables verses the tables towards the back.This is my all-time favorite pizza place.  Pizza is my favorite food and I love the wonderful creative culinary directions that pizza has gone, but this is true blue pizza done very well.  Great atmosphere.  Love the sit down pizza atmosphere. Portions of caesar salad and caprese are generous and consistently delicious.  Consistency is the key for any pizza place and Grimaldi's hits the mark everytime.My wife and I ate at Grimaldi's today. Finally, a great pizza! We have been missing Mary's Pizza in the San Francisco Bay Area ever since we moved to Utah in 2003. Never did find a pizza that would get your mouth watering prior to actually eating it in Utah. Three month's ago we moved to Las Vegas and I am so happy that we finally found a pizzeria that we can look forward to. Our pizza was fabulous and the service was amazing. Only negative was that there wasn't enough leftover pizza tonight. I only had two slices and was bummed out because I wanted more! Never have liked warmed up pizza so much. Will definitely be going back to Grimaldi's every chance I get.Pretty Damn great pizza. Aside from casa bianca. Pizza here was great!Delicious pizza and we ALWAYS get the ceasar salad with anchovies. Great wine selection. Service is consistent and friendly every time.Best pizza I've ever had. Delicious thin crust!Wonderfully delicious pizza! I am a huge fan of thin crust and this is the best! I love the meatball pizza...it is to die for  I am not a huge fan of their salads...missing a little something, maybe it is the lack of stuff other than lettuce, but I still give the place a five star review.GET THE LARGE PEPPERONI & MUSHROOM WITH DOUBLE MOZZARELLA, you will want left-overs ! Tucked in between Kona Grill and Gordon Bierch is the pizzeria that made the Brooklyn Bridge famous and now you can experience EXCELLENT NY pizza here on the West Coast without waiting in a long ass line with tons of tourists on Old Fulton Street.  Just park in the strip mall and head towards the fountain and you will find one of the greatest pizzerias in Summerlin (the other one is Rocco's by Costco).  I'm born & raised NY and my taste buds have been in training all my life, I know Great Pizza.This thin crust is cracker crisp and will stay perfectly horizontal even without folding.  Here is what separates the Grimaldi style from others: 

2) The cocktail menu is a decent size with unique and interesting specialties, and the beer selection isn't bad either.  I ordered The Diablo cocktail (I like a little spice), and I had no complaints.  The wine list is quite impressive as you can imagine as well. On to the food:We ordered the Jumbo shrimp cocktail (which is hard to mess up in fine-dining), and oysters on the half-shell (which I look for anywhere I go). Both dishes were fresh, and I had to stop myself from ordering more oysters (haha). For dinner I ordered the Wagyu filet, and the table ordered sides of mushrooms, brussel sprouts, and the truffle mac and cheese.  No complaints with anything, and the filet was like BUTTER! It was cooked to perfection (MR), and was sooooo tender.  My favorite side was the brussel sprouts with pecan and avocado (the pecans complimented the sprouts so well!).  If you have the money to check this place out and throw-down almost $70 for a steak; this is the place to do it!Loved my meal here! 

2.) Bartenders and servers are GREAT! You can either come here for just drinks, snacks, or full blown dinner and they are extremely helpful.

Once the work was done the next day, I got a call from Andreas, he once again gave me the run down of what happened to the car and I went to the shop to pick up my baby.  To my surprise my car was vacuumed and washed!!! 

Food is good, service is good, and authentic atmosphere! :)

- Friends are in town

For our second visit we tried out the excellent lunch deal £7.95 for two courses or £8.35 for three (where the third dish is either a coffee or a simple home made dessert). You have quite a decent choice for main dish, and both the naan bread and chapati were very tasty! There was also a mouth-watering starter, Sekuwa, which you definitely need to try, grilled chicken with spices and an awesome sauce!! 

Visits until 2 years ago. Went to the place that takes care of people like sheep (lots if patients on horizon Ridge). Felt like a sheep.   I went to Optic Gallery in the district at Green Valley and it felt like a small town or village center. Very friendly staff. Dr Nguyen. (Steve Nguyen took care of my eyes but didn't take all my money like the Wynn). Ha. Anyhow, he took plenty of time to show me my problem by using the eye model and very patiently answered

I can't wait to go here in person sometime and see what other goodies await me !A lovely little french café in the old town of Edinburgh. We had two parisien breakfeasts with cappuccino and milk coffee. The french baguette and croissants are great and a nice little detail is the café art on each cup of coffee.Visited twice on this trip. Croissants are light and buttery, the scones are delicious and the coffee is excellent. I only wish we had time to try the sandwiches and the baguettes. Sweet little place I highly recommend.This place is better than Angelina's in Paris. It was sooooooo good.

It doesn't happen to me very often, but I remember putting the fork down only a few times just to drink my juice. Basically, I was in LaLa land for the most part, no doubt the breakfast is stellar and the contrast of their style is so different than what I'm used to.The second time around I came in for lunch, I had an amazing tomato, mozzarella sandwich and watermelon salad with feta cheese on the side. I was not expecting to enjoy it as much as I did, but if I had to go vegetarian for a day, I know where to go.One day I have to go back to just to sample the desserts, whatever I did eat were just decadent teasers because they were all closers to my meal. The chocolate cupcake was an overall standout for me.The staff is fabulous and I can tell they are genuinely nice people. Maybe it has to do with the small diner feel. During the slow time, I chatted with Lucas (cook) we talked for an hour just sharing experiences. I learned that he's a foodie just like me and has as this incredible thirst to be perfect his craft. You just never know who you might come across! The is an awesome cafe, make sure you add this bakery in your bookmark!Went there today. Service is great. All the staff is very friendly. Food was very good.

I come to relax and this is what I got , time to relax  and get cough up sleeping and recharge. I not sure, but i think the beds and sheets or everything they though about in the room makes rest and relaxing peaceful.when i get back to reality, its 24/6 go go go..

HATS OFF FOR FnB!!Friendly service and a really creative menu. Everything was delicious. Went in for an appetizer and ate that, an entree, and dessert. Eggplant and tomato salad was unique and my favorite item of the night.Fun twist was all Arizona wines, which were very good.This place was just GREAT, start to finish. I am still stuffed...I was hesitant to eat here. More sad than scared. We were so in love with SeaSaw and such giant fans of Nobu; so it was bittersweet to hear that something good had opened in the former SeaSaw location.But from the moment we were met by Pavle at the door, we got over the past and were ready to jump in. Enough has probably been said about the food, in more detail than I care to get into. But 2 things stand out:1) my wife is the ribeye queen. you wouldn't know it to look at her, but she'll hork down a whole ribeye while i'm still on my first cut of my filet. well a new standard has been set. they source their beef from a farm in kansas called Creekstone Farms. it was the best ribeye she's ever tasted and she savored every bite. she's even gotten in touch with the farm to try to get some for home.2) i don't eat vegetable pastas. ever. i know there are some very good vegetable pastas, but i just have this hangup about having at least some small amount of animal protein in my pasta. a little pancetta, seafood, whatever. that ended with the strozza preti (priest chokers) at FnB. not a scrap of meat in sight and it was fantastic. i nibbled slowly on every tender little noodle to drag out the experience.FnB simply fires on all cylinders. From the initial greeting to the final sip, slurp or bite. Don't miss it.This place is incredible. The atmosphere, the wine & beer, the service, and above all else the food. It is a tad pricey but worth every penny and more. GREAT date night spot, great place to get together with a group of friends, great for appetizers, just dessert, wine, anything you can think of. I definitely plan on showcasing this place whenever friends or family come into town. If there is a large group make sure and call ahead for reservations because it is a small dining room and it does fill up!!If I could only eat at one place for the rest of my life, it would have to be at FnB. This is ultimate comfort food for me - with the bulk of the menu highlighting local in-season organic vegetables from McClendon and other local farms. Charleen prepares dishes that pay the ultimate homage to the vegetable and the farmer with perfect seasoning, contrast, balance and temperatures. Beyond vegetables, the housemade burrata was light as a cloud and shrimp grilled to perfection on the mesquite. Dishes at FnB are simple but often the simplest dishes are the hardest to get right as there is nothing to hide behind - ingredients have to be fresh and of the highest quality and execution must be perfect. Charleen and her crew strike it out of the park almost every time.Service is professional, attentive and friendly. Pavle and his team make you feel right at home, which is the other reason why I would happily eat here everyday.Another great local restaurant. This place is pricey (at least for my budget) but if you're looking to treat yourself I can't think of a better way.It's a smaller place, I like being able to see into the kitchen, but I feel like they need a little more space. It can be too cramped for groups larger than 4 - and even 4 can be a stretch. But the food is incredible. It's locally grown and it's so hard to pick when you're looking at the menu. The only solution is multiple trips.And if that's not enough, the service is phenomenal. Our waiter (and also owner I believe) was extremely helpful. He described the menu items to us in mouthwatering detail. And when I asked him to pair a glass of wine to my dinner, he took the time to really consider it and ask me about my tastes and found a wine that I absolutely loved. So much in fact that after the rough day I'd had, I asked him to bring me another glass. I joked "I don't know how much it costs but it was so good I don't care. No, don't tell me, I don't want to know - I just know after the long day I had I deserve another glass." He laughed at that and then a few minutes later he came around and topped my glass off, instead of charging me for a full second glass. I really appreciate little things like that. That one move pretty much solidified me being a long-term customer.Try FnB. You won't be disappointed.Even though it took us 2 hours to get seated (no fault of FnB, Joel L NEEDED to sit by the window!), I had an awesome time here last night.

This will be my go to (hopefully never needed) shop again.I took my car to Gerber Collision & Glass because my car was vandalized. I was given an accurate time line for the repairs and was kept up to date with the progress. I couldn't have been happier with the end result. My car looks like new! Thanks! I highly recommend this facility if you ever have the need for body work.I had my car towed after an accident to Gerber. The people were fantastic from Chelsea as the receptionist, to Bill who got my extensively damaged car thru the shop in record time. Chris coordinated everything with my insurance company, and Tyler was excellent. The result is my car which was a new car was returned to new looking condition in record time and looks just amazing after sustaining over $7k in damage. Outstanding service, quality work, and the people made it a painless experience that was actually pleasant. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!My car was backed into while parked on a side street. All the repair work was body work and once the pieces came in from Mercedes the work was done quickly and professionally. Support staff was excellent, Tyler called 3-4 times with updates (usually after hours so he must be there late most nights), and the car was ready to pick up when I was told. They also did a nice job cleaning and detailing it so the existing frame matched the brand new hood, bumper, grille and side piece.  All of the insurance paperwork (from driver's policy) was handled smoothly and I just came in and picked up the car and left.  Overall, extremely pleased with their work and although I hope to never need their services again for repair work I would highly recommend this company to others.Everyone was super polite and helpful. The place is lovely inside. Check them out! :)I took my Jeep here to have my windshield replaced and it was a perfect experience. Even the backup camera was working afterwards, which I wasn't expecting. The man who took care of the installation did a flawless job. Also, Chelsea at the front desk was very helpful and more than accommodating all around :DAwesome work done on my F150!  Chris and Bill provided outstanding customer service, completed the job in a timely manner and superior quality work!  I would go back there for any future needs.  Thanks!  Jim R.I highly recommend Gerber Collision & Glass in Scottsdale. I brought my car there in April for repairs after a car accident. I returned this week for repairs to a small scratch that I noticed after the repairs were done the first time. We weren't sure if the scratch was there before the accident, because I had never noticed it, but they quickly offered to fix it as part of the warranty. Both times, I was treated very well by everyone I spoke to. Reassuring. Friendly. Respectful. Professional. They really helped make any upsetting experience from the accident into a pleasant one.Great place. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. Entire place is clean. I've been here numerous times and the service is always 5starsExcellent service very helpful and flexible with their packages. lots of tanning beds, that are sparkling clean. Cute shop inside the store as well.I have been getting my eyes checked here the last few years and have no complaints whatsoever.Eye exams are great, Dr. G knows what he's doing. Last week Lynda helped me take advantage of my medical insurance and get some new glasses.  Very consultative, didn't try to up-sell me on what I didn't feel like spending.  The selection of eyewear is great, too.I highly recommend them.My husband and I have been coming here for a few years and Dr Gramlich is awesome.  He takes needed time with each patient and never rushes us through.  I have also on occasion needed to see him for eye infection and the staff is always very accommodating in getting me in as soon as possible.  

 We walked up to the bar and bellied up on stools, as the voluptuous bartender sauntered over. She gave us both a look up and down and in a sultry husky voice inquired "what'll it be?". Scott asked her if they had any seasonal specials, and she rattled off a few and declared that bloody mary's would be the special of note. I ordered one and Scott opted for a domestic draft. I traded a dollar for some quarters and headed over greedily to the galaga machine, I planned to out do the best score. 

And the desserts...wow.Amazing! This place is so delicious. Everything I have ever ordered is so great. The customer service is awesome too. I can even practice my French when I go. The baked goods are heavenly and the sandwiches are delicious. It makes me feel like I am in Paris again!Great place. Love the breakfast, the pastries and the great aroma. The staff is very friendly.I walked into Manon and a young woman with a french accent immediately asked if she could help.  You mean this place has french pastries made by... The French?  I knew i was in the right place.  Get the Almond Croissant! It might be better than Payard's.  Also, order a quiche, preferably the Lorraine.  Both are highly recommended!  The French Onion Soup is excellent, but if you have limited room, stick with the pastries.  Too many to try in one visit, and they all look amazing.  I will be back again and again...Cronut was amazing. Actually everything we had was excellent. The place is set up in an odd fashionFirst, let me start with a confession. I ordered my items, paid for them, then accidentally took/was handed someone else's order as well as mine. I was so focused on my sweets that I didn't even realize it until I got home and noticed I had an unexplained extra box. So, to the couple before me, I am so sorry!! I didn't return them because I figured you'd be gone and wouldn't want food from my trunk anyway. 

It must depend on the location in the smoker and how long it has been smoked.

Salisbury steak 5+/5

from an earth room, Jim Baker did

Highly recommend!!!Omg I am definitely a pizza connoisseur being from Chicago and going to New York for the thin crust.This "secret" pizza joint in the Cosmopolitan is mouth watering beyond belief

On another note, French Method Salon is gorgeous inside, with lots of little touches that make it unique and fun.

Also the staff, especially Manny was so helpful. And Doctor Steve Huang the oral surgeon was the best ever. I would never go to any other Dentists!!!I hate going to the dentist, so I haven't in years. I schedule a day-of appointment at Diamond Dental and received an appointment time of just an hour later.  I was seen immediately upon check-in. Stephanie and Manny are wonderful techs. Dr. Haslem is incredibly kind and clear in his work and answers to questions.  I don't think I've ever felt so comfortable at the dentist's office before.  The whole staff is great, and everything was covered on my dental plan, besides the very affordable fluoride treatment. Already scheduled my next appointment, and I plan to have my wisdom teeth removed here, as well. I'm so glad I found this place!Dr. Haslam and staff are extremely nice! I immediately got my welcomed as soon as I entered the office. I will definiately be referring friends/family to this practice!I was hesitant about finding a new dentist after I moved as I loved my old dentist. To my delight, I am glad as Diamond Dental was incredible from beginning to end. Awesome staff, service and everyonenis friendly and cordial. Great dentistry and everything is explained thoroughly. I will definitely recommend this place tp my family and friends. Looking forward to my next visit!Everyone in this office is absolutely wonderful. Kayce at the front desk was very sweet and very helpful. Jane, who took my X-rays was so nice and made me feel very comfortable. 

Get away from it all. Get away from your office, wife, parents, civilized civilization. 

The store was very clean and organized despite all the sales they had going on.SERVICE:

-Possibly the best vegetarian dish I've ever had!  This soup was so flavorful that you really forget that it's just a vegetable broth base and the only protein is a perfectly poached egg.  I can't stop thinking about that soup!  The handmade noodles had a nice chew to it, you know, al dente.  Definitely get this even if you aren't vegetarian.  I'm coming back to get this whenever I can!Hakka Fried Rice Pot 5/5

Though recently I gave it a shot because im lately noticing a high flow of traffic into the establishment than of course there's the extraordinary amount of positive reviews and rock star ratings. 

the interior design?

-Beer: Blue Moon or Stella on tap go oh so well with pizza. Don't get the house wines, they're not very good.Service: We've sat at both the tables and the bar. Service is stellar either way. Waiters/bartenders are friendly. Food comes out fast. They check in with us just enough. What more can you ask for?Atmosphere: This restaurant is especially great on a warm summer evening with a big outdoor patio. The bar is also a great place to watch the game. Parking: The only knock against this place is that the parking lot in this plaza sucks. Half the lot is reserved by Enterprise Rent-A-Car. Lame. So as soon as you pull into the lot, keep an eye out for parking.There must be something about the coal fired oven that gives the crust that amazing char and crispness that cannot be duplicated Unfortunately coal ovens are illegal in my hood, SoCal, so us Angelenos can never sample true East Coast style thin crust pizza. Fortunately, Vegas is only a short trip away, and Grimaldi's is the place to get your fix! On our last trip to Vegas, I split a pie with my brother for lunch, sausage and mushroom. Toppings were good, but what I really dug was the cheese, slices of fresh mozzarella laid on top of the pie, comparable to Lombardi's in Manhattan. Sauce was good, and lastly, the crust had the authentic, coal fired char that makes the pie really stand out. My favorite pizza in Sin City and I can honestly say that I've sampled nothing in California that quite matches up to Patsy's.Grimaldi's is my favorite place for pizza. The coal-fired brick oven makes a huge difference in the way the pizza tastes. Pizzas made at Grimaldi's are thin (my favorite kind) and they use large slices of mozzarella cheese, the best tasting pizza sauce (just the right amount of tomato, salt, and spices), and whatever toppings you prefer. I also order a delicious caesar salad with my meal every time. Every bite is like a piece of heaven in your mouth. Even pizza leftovers the next day taste awesome! I fancy the bar layout because it has two sides, one inside and one outside for the patio. I had a house wine once, which was tasty. More recently, I order the Honeymoon beer draft, which I have yet to find elsewhere. Lots of drink selections are available, including some draft beers from local breweries. The service here has been tremendous lately. I used to dislike the young and snotty hostesses, but I haven't seen them in months (hmm, i wonder why lol). The bartender was very friendly and social. She even let me try some draft beer from a local brewery. Its about a 10 minute drive from my place, so I often go there more times than I should! They don't deliver, but take-out ordering is a painless procedure done at the cashier located at the bar. This place is hype-worthy. I've even gotten my g/f and parents hooked on Grimaldi's!This place is one of the reasons why I go to Vegas. Seriously!I fell in love with this restaurant! Super yummy pizza, friendly staff and management! Way to go Grimaldis!HOLY CRAP.  pesto chicken is to die.  my son.. doesn't eat anything but cheese, but LOVES the pesto chicken. the last time me an my kids went for my husbands birthday when he was out of town on business, our waiter recommended we add mushrooms and it made it even that much more great.  the service is very friendly.. love Grimaldis! I can't rate any other kind of pizza cause all I've had is the chicken pesto..oh! caesar salad is also very delish.. 1 order is good for like 3 ppl. also! it gets packed so be prepared if there's a wait.  not sure if they take reservations.. but if they do.. make one!Still the best!  I came here straight from the airport and decided to try out a new combo.  I got a personal sausage and onion pie.  Great flavors!  Friendly staff and great pizza as always!  I need a teleportation device so I can go to the different Grimaldis across the US whenever I want.  If I am ever in a city that has one, it is a must do!A year and half after my original review, this place is still a consistent 5 star experience every time I go. I make sure to hit it up every time we're in Vegas, even if its just to grab a pizza for the road to eat later. I've also tried the Summerlin location once and it was just as good. I love this pizza every time I have it and I crave it when I'm in Cali and can't have it. I don't know what they do that makes it so good but I'm absolutely addicted!Two words. WHITE SAUCE. HOLY HELL!

I usually go around 4 or 5 so it is never very busy and service isn't bad, plus you get complimentary miso soup.Hidden in a Target shopping center, this small restaurant is one of my favorites since the year 2000. This place has the best shrimp tempura in town. They do not have all you can eat but a couple of rolls will completely satisfy your hunger. They are not frugal with the ingredients. Most places overpower your seafood with large clumps of rice. Not at this sushi restaurant, the rolls and nigiri definitely has an awesome ratio of seafood to rice. Make sure you try the dragon, rainbow, yum yum and philly rolls. The soft shell crab is also a definite winner. Try this place and I am confident that you will not be disappointed. I would have to agree with all the reviews. FIVE stars!!!!!!!!Hit the spot! great sized portions,very tasty and good flavor,  very friendly, and attentive. the best spicy scallop hand rolls I have ever had! Every time I come to Vegas I stop here after golf. My friend Will V. says it is the best sushi place he has every eaten at.This girl I was dating introduce me to this place in late 2006. My love for this place outlasted out love for each other and I'm not complaining. Very generous portions, which makes it okay that they do not have an all you can eat. Complimentary miso soup which is delicious. VERY fresh seafood, I have been coming here almost every week for three years now and the place has never compromised on their service. I would recommend the Tiger toll, Dragon roll and Alaska roll. For those that enjoy nigiri (I do)  I would recommend the salmon and smoked salmon nigiri, both very fresh and well textured. Great service as well, the chefs and serving staff always remember a face whether you have been there once or many times before.This is my favorite sushi bar in Las Vegas.  The price is reasonable for sushi and is very fresh.  This is a hole in the wall sushi bar.   I go here at least once a week, but average about 4 to 5 times a month.Pros: The cuts of fish are the thick on all the rolls.  It usually takes about two bites to eat one piece.  My favorite rolls are the Johnny roll (see pic) and the Narita Airport.  I also recommend the Poke Salad (ahi tuna)  Service is friendly.  Everything I've had here has been very good.  Cons:  Some of the tables are small and have a glass counter.  When you get get a drink, you need to keep an eye on your glass, cause they sometimes slide.  They don't take amex.I've been enjoying sushi since 1980 and Narita is my regular Sushi Bar here in Las Vegas.  In a nutshell at Narita I get artfully and deliciously prepared sushi made with fresh, top quality fish, large portions at the lowest á la carte price in town. One of the best kept secrets in town if you're a sushi lover!I drive over 40 minutes to enjoy the quality of fish they have. Howard, is always willing to make whatever roll you desire. I have yet to find another sushi place that even comes close to the quality and size of the rolls. I HIGHLY recommend the Narita Airport Roll. I continuously brag about this place and take several Narita newbies there; No one is ever disappointed.This is a small restaurant that appears to be run by the owners.  My husband and I go there often and have always been treated well.  The japanese lasagna roll they make is the best I've found here and in Southern California.  My husband likes their tempura udon soup and claims the maguro tuna is fresh.  This has become our 'go to' sushi place.Sushi is my favorite thing on earth to eat (well...maybe it's neck and neck with chocolate).  They better have sushi in heaven or I'm not going.  I'm not much for raw fish, but there are a million kinds of sushi that are not raw (trust me you sushi neophytes).  So instead of sashimi I usually order rolls and Narita gives great rolls.  My favorite is the Japanese Lasagna roll (doesn't taste at all like lasagna).  Their's is the best I've found.  I like the service.  I think it's run by the owners.  The woman who usually waits on us is sweet.  It's a small place but clean and pleasant.  I just haven't had anything there that wasn't excellent!  P.S.  I've had the same experience that another reviewer had with the tea cup "floating around the table".  And it doesn't seem to matter which table we sit at.  Maybe the place is haunted!  Probably with the ghosts of ancient sushi chefs!!They serve excellent Tong Yum noodle soup.Peanut Sauce Lover, Pork, Extra Spicy - it's the best and I can't find it anywhere else! Almost worth the road trip...Best restaurant in Urbana. Because of the fried rice! Every fried rice is great here. I love the pine Apple fried rice.If you like sweetness, the peanut sauce lover dish is AMAZING.  I've eaten this for years and it's always good.Zack's has the best hamburgers in the Queen City.  Walking into Zack's is like walking into a time warp where people trust know, and genuinely like people and want to serve them the best food possible.  Zack's is owned by the Demopolous Family and they know how to make their burgers.  Located at the corner of South Blvd and Scaley bark, Zack's has been doing their thing since 1975.  get the Zack's special, some onion rings, and a thick homemade milkshake, I like the vanilla and the strawberry shakes MMMMM.  Zack's is soooo Good, you have to try them.  get this, the first time I went there, I didn't have any cash, and they did not accept credit cards, so they offered to write me an IOU.  This is the first time someone has ever been nice enough to offer me such a nicety, how trusting, how kind.  I went to the nearest ATM, but I truly and wholeheartedly appreciate that jester of humanity and understanding.  That 's just the kind of place Zack's is, family oriented, and serving  the best hamburgers and sides in Charlotte. Zack's special, try it!Zack's is the very definition of a neighborhood hamburger joint. Located on the corner of South Blvd and Scaleybark Rd, they have some of the best burgers in town and are a great Cheap Eats lunchtime destination. Being from Charlotte I have grown up on the Zack's Special( The Anti-Big Mac) a double patty burger topped with their own special sauce accompanied by a side order of some of the most perfect onion rings imaginable. Top it off with the Banana milkshake and your in heaven.Do yourself a favor and checkout this local landmark.Wow. This, by far, was the most "pure" burger that I've ever had. It makes me think that this is really how it tasted back in the 1950's. In-N-Out comes close, but has some extra stuff that Zack's does not.I had my very first cherry milkshake in my life there. I may go back and try the banana.The onion rings were so fresh, they burned my tongue. Fortunately, I had the milk shake.Price is very reasonable. $2 for a cheeseburger. My total price for a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and milkshake after tax was $6.53.I just stumbled upon Zack's recently and went there for lunch today. The burger and fries were great. My friend got an order of onion rings and they were just as good. The strawberry shake I got was fantastic as well. Great old school burger place.The best burgers in Charlotte hands down! Seriously if you want a good old fashioned burger, go to Zack;s. The prices are unbeatable, and the food is out of this world amazing!I grew up eating zacks burgers, go by every time I come to charlottePerfect hamburger joint. Absolutely.Zacks - good ole fashioned hamburgers. You cant beat the burgers here... as well as the prices. Good family run place that cares about the service/product they give. I always order the cheeseburger and fries, BF gets the zacks special w/o-rings. 

Still consistently delicious, hot, fresh & fast.

Will come back and try the mango lassi next time. :)This place was awesome! The food selection was great and the staff was even better. If you want a great lunch buffet and amazing food this is the place.Saino Indian-Nepali Cuisine is a wonderful restaurant on West Desert Inn. Came here with a friend and had an awesome dinner.we had Baigan Barta, Aloo Gobi, Basmati Rice, Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan. The service was wonderful as was the atmosphere. We will definitely be back!Just enjoyed a super tasty dinner here on Friday night!  I had the vegetarian thali and goat samosas and both were excellent.  It was hard to choose because the menu is extensive.  The restaurant is cute and the staff couldn't be nicer or more attentive.  (I found the two screens with Indian videos and Bollywood to be very entertaining as well). Highly recommend!Very delicious food! Very cheap, best Indian-Nepali restaurant in Las vegas. Must try the Garlic Naan with saag. Also the Mango lassi is to die for. The service is really good and fast. Best restaurant ever!!!I gotta be honest- I don't know the difference between Nepalese food and Indian food. All I know is that this is hands down the best Indian food in this city. It's not even a contest. We had lamb samosas, vegetable samosas with like a salad and yogurt on top ( I forgot the name of the actual menu item, but it's the 4th appetizer down) garlic naan with butter and the butter chicken. All were ridiculously delicious. The vegetable samosas with the yogurt were so flavorful and fresh. The lamb was so rich and moist. The naan was spot on and hot and fresh. The butter chicken was so rich, and coconutty - AMAZING!

Canelets are awesome . Hot chocolate tooA terrific little bakery in a beautiful space in old town, near the (awesome) archaeology museum. The $10 breakfast special - coffees, fresh OJ, pastries of your choice - was a great way to start the day.Best almond croissant you will have in beautiful montreal. The decor is beautiful and minimalist. Their server is very polite and they have a great selection of patisseries francaises. Definitely a 5*We got brunch plank and Americanos at this cafe and with my sweet tooth, I had to buy some macarons for the drive back. Everything tasted great and service was superb. There's a pasty/cooking school upstairs so you know the food was made on-site. Recommend this while you're in old montreal.Cet endroit est excellent. Accueil derrière le comptoir avec le sourire. Possibilité de commander un gâteau fraisier ou autre ainsi que de belles petites gâteries. Il est possible de consommer sur place. Une excellente adresse a garder.If there is one thing the French can do well is cook and certainly the French excel in baking.  After yelping around for a good place to pick up a pastry and a coffee, I found Maison Christian Faure.  With the credentials of this place, I had pretty high expectations.  We walked in shortly after they had opened and the poor girl was running the place by herself.  She was trying to prep for the day, lay out the pastries, and serve a number of guests already seated.  Besides the bumpy start, the pastries here could be smelt a few blocks away, and they looked even more beautiful.  I ordered an almond croissant and it was.....easily one of the best almond croissants I've had.  Their madeline cookie that came with our coffee was equally delicious.All the baking is done on premises (upstairs) and this is also a baking school.  If you're visiting Old Montreal, you NEED to come here and try some of their baked goods.  The only regret I had was not ordering more items, next time, there's always next time.i got a bunch of things that I'm not sure I can remember the name of. Overall, everything was amazing and had just the right amount of sweetness, so it wasn't cloyingly sweet. I REALLY enjoyed the passion fruit....tart? I don't know if I can call it a tart, but it was fruity, had great flavor and had this oozy fruit filling that just covered the plate when you cut into it. There was a dessert with a little custard on top and a rum syrup in it which was a little strong and on the sweet side for me. The canele didn't have the best texture ever, but I didn't exactly have it fresh, so that was bad on my part. The flavor had a hint of orange/citrus, I think, that made it so much better than some other caneles I've had. Since canele is one of my favorite desserts, I really appreciated what they did. My second favorite dessert from there was a coffee crumble with lemon curd and what seemed like meringue sticks on top. Coffee and lemon curd was such an interesting combination. I would say that is a must-try. while I was in the elevator en route to the bathrom, the elevator doors opened on the third floor, and I got a small peek into what I was told was the baking school associated with the bakery. I kinda wished I played the dumb tourist card and took a few photos. Darn.Walked by on our first day in Montreal.  Made a mental note and returned the next morning for a quick bite en route to bota bota.Their almond croissant is unlike any other I've tasted.  It's got this creamy paste thing in the center that was just out of this world.  If there was a way for me to ensure that the flaky crusts would remain fresh and crisp, I'd definitely import a few dozen of their goods back to nyc!!What a find!  If you're in Montreal, you would do well to seek out this place.  Fantastic food and pastries served by a friendly and professional wait staff.  Outstanding!  We encountered one couple there who said it was their third visit in two days, because they loved it so much.Le déjeuner est extraordinaire pour le prix, si votre idée d'un déjeuner comprend des pâtisseries et du jus d'orange fraîchement pressé.Best place for coffee and dessert in Old Montreal!  I stopped by every day and the service was excellent.La maison Christian Faure est un bijou de la pâtisserie française nichée au vieux port de Montréal. Vous allez y trouver des pâtisseries d'excellente qualités!!! Le croissant aux amandes est le MEILLEUR de tout montreal. Je vous recommande fortement cette endroit. Vous ne regretterez pas! Je n'hésite pas a y retourner des que possible.Delicious cake !Fantastic! Vey good experience, I will be back. Btw: I like ice wine which recommend by waiter.Terrific option for brunch, and an outstanding source for French pastry. There's a counter in front, loaded with every sweet treat of your dreams, plus a grab-and-go case filled with sandwiches, drinks, fruit, etc. The seating area was filled with tourists, but plenty of locals wandered in for a to-go croissant and coffee.Brunch is a casual affair, but both the quality and service are perfect, which is surprising for the most maligned meal of the week. Our waiter, in particular, was a model of good humor and professionalism. [Of course, we had to return for a dozen macarons on our way to the airport. Forget the T-shirts; THIS is the souvenir your friends are waiting for.]The chic interior is sophisticated but relaxed. There are stairs leading up from the street, so if you have a stroller or mobility issues, please take this into account.Excellent pain au chocolat. I wish we had stayed and done brunch. The whole case looked amazing. The hot chocolate was not great and the espresso was just ok. I would definitely come back here for food, would probably go for the tea options instead of the other drinks.This place definitely deserves 5 stars. It's a great place to have a cup of latte and escape cold Montreal weather in October. Their eclairs are to die for and the quality of their cakes and pastries is superb. Just look at the pics and you'll understand what I'm talking about. Surely, you owe yourself a visit here after visiting Notre-Dame Basilica. Maison is a great place to unwind, have a cup of coffee or tea together with one of their amazing pastries or cakes.Amazing! We came in on a frigid winter day in montreal and smells  instantly overwhelmed us. The display cases were full of the most beautiful and delicious looking pastries. Macarons, tarts, cakes, palmers, croissants, canneles... Mmmmmm... We ended up opting for three canneles, one palmier (it was HUGE) and a chocolate eclair all for take out. Each one was perfect!Quaint little place packed with locals. Simple club sandwich was out out of this world good. Followed by a hazelnut éclair and perfect start to the afternoon.Attentive service and delicious food in trendy and fun cafe atmosphere. I had quinoa salad with chicken and vegetable soup. Boyfriend had lobster pastry. We shared a Mille feuille for dessert. I like to think of myself as pastry connoisseur and it wasn't the same as a Parisian Mille feuille but still delicious (pastry sheets were a bit thicker here). Definitely a great lunch spot.Phenomenal! Pure and simple. I fell in love with this artisan Montreal jewel a short while ago after tasting their chocolate cake. Piece of heaven! (Add a touch of Itzhak Perlman playing, and that would be heaven). I've also tried their macaroons. It's no Parisian Pierre Herme, but it's tasty. The staff are great. They try to make you enjoy your experience there, even when you speak little or no French. It's definitely a must-try. The world needs more tasty glimpses of heaven like this.Delicious on a cold winter morning! Pastries were fresh and warm when we sat down at 8am when they open, attentive service and fantastic atmosphere. Chocolate croissant warm out of the oven was the best we've ever had.Amazing pastries! Went here on a Sunday and had their brunch special along with some desserts. Eggs Benedict was well cooked and the French toast was delicious even without the syrup.

- a fois gras parfait

Kobe Beef Outside Skirt with Garlic Robata

      thinly sliced beef, balsamic glaze, cherry pepper aioli, arugula

Great drinks, and service.

We ordered the Bufala Mozarella Caprese for our appetizer, which was good, but not up to our expectations. I would have preferred the portions been a little smaller and that they used actual balsamic vinegar versus their sauce-like alternative, but we still packed the leftovers to bring home with us.

The told me it has all the ingredients of your usual burger with bacon but i cant i eat pork im allergic to pork so i almost said no to this burger until she said no its not pork bacon its DUCK BACON lol i said what ok lets try it ,To make a long story short ,

- Or as I prefer to say it, it has my Big Wong.After Fresh Cup's closing (RIP), there was a lack of a good boba spot. Sure there are some other places but their flavor and service (or lack thereof) didn't make them my #1 go to spot. Until Kung Fu Tea came along!Originally a California brand, Kung Fu finally branched out to Vegas just in time. They have a pretty decent selection of drinks, and a bunch of toppings. Staff is also very polite and will be happy to adjust your drink free of charge if it is not to your liking. Atmosphere is nice, and the kung fu videos playing in the background are a nice distraction if you're tired of staring at your phone or talking to your friends!The location is very convenient as well, surrounded by a ton of popular restaurants so its always good after a meal, or just a meet-up spot for friends.All in all, great drinks, good service, and convenient location!Great relaxed atmosphere. It reminds me of a Cali boba shop with the cute interior design. The service is fast and friendly. I ordered a honey green tea with herbal jelly. The tea was perfect and not too sweet. . You can choose which percentage of sweetness you like. The jelly was really soft and fresh. 

[spinach, mushroom, artichoke, herbed cream cheese in pastry, red pepper aioli] - crispy little pies that taste so goodFirefly*fries

3. Reuben ( though I couldn't try it personally , everyone I have been with highly recommends it )Orders this for our company lunch.

-Chicken Picatta, and panini so good and very nicely presented

You really have to be lucky to find a seat here, worst case eat it in the car or outside, again more than worth it.

The coffee with the organic raw sugar.Amazing!Cute little location. Limited parking - but we walked so it didn't effect us much.

"Pete "Big Elvis" Vallee is the 2006 Best of Las Vegas Elvis Impersonator. He performs all the hits of the King of Rock 'n' Roll plus other popular tunes spanning six decades. Big Elvis interacts with his audience, invites them to participate in his show and performs their requests."Big elvis was a lotta fun.  And I am not even an elvis fan!  It was a great show.  You have to get there early in order to get a seat.  Oh and dont forget about the one dollar margaritas!Big Elvis is essentially what I think of when I see "ELVIS IMPERSONATOR" written or talked about.  All-Caps giant guy singing along to Aloha concert backgrounds in a lounge, appreciative and clearly intoxicated crowd cheering, and the dinging of slot machines in the near distance.  Bill's knows exactly what it is in Vegas, and Big Elvis is that personified... in a big way.  A huhhhh huhhh yeahhhh!Went to see Big Elvis in Oct 09, just to Waste time before dinner, this show was one of the best shows on the Vegas strip, and it's free, the show was so good went back to see 4 times before I went home. A must see when in VegasHands down, this is the best free show in Vegas. Being a lover of all things Elvis, I am a huge fan of Big Elvis. In my humble opinion, his voice is far better than any other Elvis tribute artist in town. In fact, better than any anywhere. And you get to hear him sing for free! Does it get any better than that?Oh, it does. There are old ladies swooning as they relive their Elvis memories of the past, drunk frat boys disappointed in the lack of women to hit on but having a good time anyways, other Elvis impersonators, audience participation (with prizes), and a Conway Twitty impersonator. I often can't believe this is free - and 3 times a day. It's awesome in every way possible - and totally an only in Vegas experience.I suggest arriving 20 minutes or so before the show and grabbing a seat at the bar (as opposed to the tables). This enables you to secure a good viewing spot and you can play video poker and drink free beer while you wait.Pete Vallee a.k.a Big Elvis is a must see for any Elvis Presley fan. He has a fantastic voice and a great personality. He takes the time to give you background on the songs he's performing and really sounds like The King. There is plenty of audience participation as well. Get there early if you want a good seat because Big E packs the house. He has a meet and greet after the show where you can get an autograph and/or get a pic. Even if your not a huge Elvis fan (which I can't understand lol) the show is free and it's a great way to spend an hour on any Vegas trip. Pete just may open your eyes to the greatness of Elvis. Keep on Taking Care of Bussiness Pete.Everytime I visit Vegas I include a Big Elvis show, fantastic entertainment and it's free.

Raphaël sait s'adapter à la demande ! Et avec un prix défiant toutes concurrences 

You won't regret it! Grate deal for lunch special!I've had about every five star yelp rated Thai food in Orange and LA county, California, and this place is blows them all away.  I only yelp when something is so compelling, that it warrants me to log in and write.  I made a one day trip to Scottsdale to stop by a jewelry store.  My wife and I decided to try out this place because it was in the same complex.  We were blown away.  I had to personally shake the chef's hand for preparing food that was simply unrivaled.This place is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley. Let me give you a run down on my visit. As I am walking in I immediately spot the herb garden in the front. We get seated and our waitress takes our drink order. Comes back, drops our drinks off after about 5 minutes. Leaves and comes back a few minutes later to take our appetizer order. We order a Spicy Edamame. Super, super tasty and it is certainly spicy. Thank goodness we were properly taken care of with a glass pitcher of water for us to refill when we needed. After we finished our appetizer our waitress takes our dinner order. I order the spicy noodles, with vegetables instead of chicken (level 3 spicy). Do you see the trend here? Each visit by our waitress was individually catered to a specific need. She didn't take our order while dropping off the appetizer; instead we enjoyed each order. This visit was certainly about the experience--and I loved it because we were celebrating a birthday. The food was homemade--everything, even the noodles. The spices were grown in her garden and the dessert was absolutely fab; homemade coconut ice cream and friend bananas for the table to share. The guest I was with was celebrating a birthday so the owner brought him a drink which was a combination of a mojito and a margarita (Basil-rita), and yes, it, too, was made with fresh basil from her garden. It was delightful. 

Vegetable Lo Mein

First time at the pub I had the Philly Steak sandwich with the standard fries and it was delicious, the server was super friendly and helpful, the food came out in a normal rate of time. I brought my girlfriend back with me and we had beer with our food that time.  Our server was very friendly and helpful suggesting a beer to try.  We had Brie Bites, Mussels and a French Dip sandwich.  We loved everything we ordered.  the Brie was so yummy. The mussels big, fat and fresh in garlic butter.  The Cesar Salad I had was perfect. I'm going back with my husband and adult kids on a Friday night to just enjoy the outdoor area. 

Service Great

Grilled Chicken Fillets - with a lovely chargrilled taste. 

You eat everything by hand, so don't wear white even though they provide plastic bibs. 

Will I take friends here? Yes! 

I would highly recommend CarTech for all of your mechanical needs...

The Garden is a rare combination of all the factors that make for a perfect experience. We have a wonderful memory of a first class operation......The boyfriend took me to the House at Secret Garden for my birthday and I could not have asked for a nicer place to celebrate.He made a reservation so we got a great table outside, right by the fireplace. The setting was really pretty with lots of trees and lights.I started by ordering a cactus fig margarita. No joke, I think this was the best margarita I've ever had. It was the perfect combo of salty and sweet. It was really delicious. I had to resist not guzzling many of them as it would have been way too easy to do.For an appetizer we decided to get a cheese plate. We got 4 types of cheese and it came with almonds, figs, craisins, raisins and toast points. Four cheeses was a lot for the two of us - three would have been sufficient. But hey, it was my birthday. They gave us plenty of time to enjoy the cheese plate. We did not feel rushed at all, which was very nice.For our entrees I went with the catch of the day - salmon and boyfriend chose the New York Strip. The salmon was melt-in-your-mouth good. It was paired with a cauliflower sauce and braised greens and the combination of flavors was just perfect. Boyfriend's steak was done just the way he liked it and had a good flavor to it. It was not a very traditional steak as it was served with a spicy sauce and came with lots of peppers.For desert we got the bread pudding and the cannoli. Like everything else the bread pudding was outstanding. I was kinda disappointed by the cannoli though. The shell was pretty airy and the filling was chocolaty instead of traditional vanilla. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great. Next time I'd order the bread pudding again but skip the cannoli.The House at Secret Garden was the perfect choice for my birthday. I highly recommend it for a special occasion or romantic date night.Once again an impeccable 5 star evening! We enjoyed Valentine's dinner with the special menu that really should have been titled Tony and Beth because it's exactly what we would have ordered anyway! I had the carrot soup, the scallops, and the chocolate marquise for dessert. My husband had the mozzarella salad, the hangar steak, and the milk and cookies panna cotta. Scallops can be dicey but man they sure do a great job at House! They were perfectly done. The cauliflower side dish 3 ways was excellent. The carrot soup was so warm and velvety. The chocolate marquise...holy cow though....I couldn't even speak it was so good. The hangar steak was well seasoned but not overly so. The mozzarella salad with hand pulled mozzarella was dressed perfectly and was just enough. The milk and cookies panna cotta was the perfect way to end the meal. Couple that with the delicious drinks, the gorgeous atmosphere, and our super server, it made for another great visit! Can't wait to go back!MEMORABLE.We are very particular in our restaurant reviews, because we will spend $150-200 for a dinner for two and we expect a lot in return. This place does not disappoint.

We ordered bruschetta, Cajun fries as appetizers. I ordered a custom pizza with Basil, bell peppers, onions and vegan cheese. My husband ordered vegan pasta. At the end of it, nothing was left. It was a lot of yummy in my tummy!! I'm definitely coming back again.This place is inside Mandalay Bay Hotel . Its nice . They have a music player you can request music to listen to . The server is helpful . There pizza is good and really big . The alcohol drinks are pretty strong . The kids meal is good came with meal and a side order and drink for 10 .  Are bill  came out to 100 with food and appetizer and drinks . The food is good but can be priclyI absolute love the vegan menu! From the meatless meatball subs to the garlic Rosemary fries own could be in Italian heaven for a while. Oh, and yes, there's vegan dessert !!!!!Great options for a gluten free diet!  Food is great and service is wonderful.If you like spicy wings, order the atomic, extra spicy.  These will be so hot, they will make you cry.Great food. Be careful when ordering the atomic wings. I ordered them but asked for them to be hotter.  They did it I'll tell you what it just about took me out. Great service they were on it with the milk when I needed it.Tried this place while we were in Vegas since we had a coupon. The husband got the meat ball sandwich and I got the Philly cheesesteak. We both loved our sandwiches! So so good! I had a side Caesar salad and loved that as well! For desert we tried the cannoli sand they also were very tasty! Glad we tried this place!I wasn't sure what to expect, but it all worked out just great. Laid-back atmosphere, very friendly staff, great selection of local beers, and most impressively, a full vegan menu!! Thank you thank you for being so accommodating & delicious.Love this place! Great happy hour, happy and helpful staff, and great vegan pizza! Made our own pizza- vegan style :) they have an entire vegan menu and great atmosphere. 

This location has ample parking spaces n the store is much bigger n more comfy to shop in than the Chinatown location. The added bonuses r the mini shops inside which includes a Cricket mobile store, exercise n massage equipment store, a fancy bakery with cheap budget prices for the nearby UNLV students, a Vietnamese restaurant n a Chinese BBQ fast food shop.I went there for the first time today and saw the "grand opening" sign across the front.  When checking out I asked when the grand opening took place and was told last October.  LOL!  Oh well, getting their money's worth for the sign.  I like this location the best out of the two for obvious reasons, it's new, bigger and more elbow room to move around.  Love the large produce section, live seafood in the back and very nice bakery/restaurant section as well.  They have fresh lychee, rambutan, longan, dragon fruit, and mangosteen!!!!  I wish this one was the closest one to my house.yesterday i wanted to buy steamed buns at this 99 ranch market & there were 4 choices: pork bbq (4) for $5.99, chicken (4) for $4.39, pork & vegetable (4) for $4.39 & multi grain (4) for $1.99 which i am not sure what the filling is (maybe plain). all of them are in the refrigerated section by Asia Kitchen in the food court. these are ones you take home & all are the same size. i wanted to get chicken, but the pork & vegetable buns looked a little puffier so i got them. that could be because they were 1 day fresher but i'm not sure. there aren't any instructions on the package. i put them in my bamboo steamer for 10 minutes. i think they may be understeamed since they know you will have to steam them more. i think you could steam them 15 minutes if you want the filling to be very hot. there is a little paper underneath them to prevent sticking that of course you must remove before eating. the bun was perfect, really soft but not airy. i also like the filling because it is not a stingy amount & a good flavor. almost like a potsticker. very good to dip them in soy sauce. they are quite big, 4 " diameter. so considering they only cost $1.10 per bun, i highly recommend them. they are restaurant quality & i will definitely try the other kinds & buy them again.I like this Ranch 99 better than the one on Spring Mountain. It's bigger, cleaner, newer and has more stuff and best of all, a nice little food court where you can order Filipino food, pho, boba tea, Chinese food, dim sum, baked goods etc. Very convenient to just order some take out after grocery shopping!WHAT A GREAT STORE!

1. Coffee milk tea

Mittlerweile gibt es draußen die Möglichkeit, gemütlich zu essen bei schönem Wetter. Die derzeitige Baustelle begünstigt dies aber momentan nicht so.

(exceptions to AYCE: limit 1 order (2 pieces) of Uni (sea urchin) and amaebi (sweet shrimp) per person)Tip:  Always look at the Specials Menu on the Blackboard before you order!!! Toro or salmon belly are good must-trys.

Churro-Style Rolled Pizza Dough:  this one was recommended by our waiter after we couldn't decide on what to pick.  It was hot and crispy.  It was by far better than your average churro since it was made from pizza dough and super chocolatey!

I forgot my phone around the time of closing & saw one of the guys outside told him I forgot my phone he went inside and got it for me. I would totally come back here for anything my car needs! 

Apple Fritter - cooked a little longer - crispy!

I feel like she cares about the client, and her room where she waxes is really cute.I have found my new spot!!I found my way to B Studio via Groupon, $20 special for a Brazilian! In need of a new regular place that doesn't eye gouge you with $55+ prices, I thought to give this place a try.Things were already off to a great start when I was able to make my appointment ONLINE. Wait, what?! Yep, no grouchy front desk person to deal with during MY work hours. Need an appointment? Make one 24/7! Easy to find. Off of Russell and Rainbow, the site tells you exactly where to go, same plaza as Cherry Lounge. Good stuff!She's located inside of a "beauty school" so it's a shared space. Thuy was great. Very personable, sweet gal. You can tell she loves what she does and she's great at it :)Great experience all around. I'll definitely be back!She is incredible! So happy I chose to make an appointment here. I've been going to her for a couple months now and she doesn't disappoint. She is really good and what she does and I wouldn't go anywhere else!Thuy at B Studio Waxology ROCKS!! Bought a $20 special Groupon for a Brazilian online to try a new place out in LV. She by far has the best waxing service Ive ever had & her prices are better than any place Ive ever been to!  She was very professional, fast, & super cool! I would recommend her for all your waxing needs if your in the Las Vegas area. Great service, great studio, great waxing!! Thank you Thuy!!Very friendly and comfortable atmosphere. I will come back. Put me at ease and was very professional and quick. Easy location to find and we talked the entire time to help me keep my mind busy.I got a Brazilian wax. She knows what she's doing. I felt no pain and very comfortable. She squeezed my friend and I in to her schedule same day. I highly recommend. Thank you!She was absolutely amazing!! Made my whole experience easy and wonderful for a painless Brazilian wax!  I am from San Diego and I will come back to her everyone I come back to Las Vegas :)I had such a wonderful experience getting my every first brazilian wax today. I thought it was going to be worst than it actually was. Ladies, if you decide to try it, you may want to do yourself a favor and try this place. Very clean, comfortable, relaxing, and the owner is extremely professional.Thuy is absolutely amazing! I will never go anywhere else. She is a sweet heart and truly cares about her clients. She makes you feel very comfortable and right at home!1st time getting a Brazilian Wax. She was FABULOUS!!! My experience was awesome and she put me at ease. Very very sweet and professional. I was expecting the worst pain from Hades, but she let me know what she was doing every step of the way. I couldn't imagine a more perfect 1st time. Highly recommended especially for newbies!Came in here on a Tuesday afternoon, this place is located in S Valley View Blvd and Russel Road. Just right after the Wholesale Factory thingy. I just bought a $20 thingy for Brazilian wax from groupon and went today to get it done. Since I'm kinda shy at first, Thuy ( Twee) is such a nice lady who really guided me all through it since it was my first time having it done. It wasn't too painful that I'll bleed out and cry, hella nothing like that! She did it like she was painting a canvas carefully. LOL. Anyways, you can always call her and make an appointment with her or YOU CAN DO IT ONLINE! Yeah I capitalized that. No hassle or anything! Glad I found this wax place that really cares for women's needs or stuff. I will be a regular customer here now! Note: Please be on time, she's always fully booked so better be on time or be there before your appointment time so she can really accommodate you well.I love Thuy. She is very knowledgeable and is awesome at waxing. She works fast and before you know it your bikini wax is done. She has never left me waiting and is always prepared to start the job. Thuy is also very friendly and funny.Thuy is the best! And I usually don't say that unless I had a great customer service and comparable to others, she's by far the best; now I know why she's highly rated on here. I'm glad I found a go-to waxer now, I try my best to support local businesses as much a possible. Her new shop is so clean, organized, & nicely designed, it's like "antiquish-chic" it reminds me of an apocathery. If you're looking for someone to get a Brazilian wax, definitely try this place! I really like the fact that she communicates through text and giving you reminders of the appointments.Amazing place ! Thuy was gentle and very professional when it came to waxing vaginal area. She was not rough nor aggressive when it came to peeling off the wax paper. She gave great recommendations in case you had thick hair (like me) to avoid any ingrown hairs. Highly recommended for all locals in Vegas !Thuy is amazing! Tried her out a few months ago because of the first-timer deal of $20. And I've been going to her ever since! She really makes you feel comfortable and relaxed. It didn't hurt as much as what I thought it would. I mean, we are talking about your sensitive nether region, after all. Her technique is what really helps ease the pain. Definitely recommend her services to everyone! I've even referred my friends to her, so I know they'll love her just as much as I do! Thanks, Thuy.I found out about this place on Yelp. Thanks to the other Yelpers for recommending Thuy! She is very professional and attentive to what you need done. I highly recommend her for your waxing needs. If I'm ever back in town and need some last minute grooming, I'm definitely coming back to her.I came here once, because I saw the groupon and I absolutely loved it! I even told my sister to go and she also loved it! I love the wax she uses, which I believe she uses many different ones. She def knows what she's doing and she is awesome! I love the studio, it's so cute and relaxing. I went to the birthday suit before, but now that I found this place I'm definitely going to be coming here.Oh boy!!!!! Time to pack on the pounds. This pizza is awesome! The crust is perfectly crispy and the slices are HUGE! I am so glad a pizza joint came to the neighborhood. The wife won't be too happy about this good stuff! They just opened tonight so come check it out!During college, I frequented the $1 slice places where the lines get more fun & interesting the later you go - I imagine Benny's to be the grown up, more sophisticated big brother of one of the college places.Benny's sells pizza by the slice and by the pie - but don't think that you're going to eat your regular number of slices here.  The pies are 28", which means a slice has to use two plates.  Its a bit ridiculous.  Its New York style pizza, thin crust with just the right amount of sauce and cheese.  I've only tried the cheese and pepperoni, but they do have other toppings as well.Benny's is a great NoDa addition, they have some awesome murals on the walls (and front of the store), and it will be a great stop if you're headed out to a brewery or two (or three!).I decided to celebrate National Running Day yesterday by not running and going here to eat pizza instead. #amidoingitrightThis place is right next to Heist. My friend Sammy, aka the pizza expert, has been talking about about Benny's for what seems like forever. He went to VA Tech, so he knew all about the Virginia slice concept. The slices are the size of your head. Actually, they're bigger than your head. By the slice, it's $4-$5. It's so large that it needs two plates. As for the pie, it's 28". TWENTY-EIGHT. I'm not even sure how they heave these things into the oven. Cheese is $30 and topping types $38.I decided to get a piece of each monthly special, the buffalo chicken and the garlic mushroom. Did I need two pieces? No. Did I finish them both. Nope. Not even close. I love the crust. It's thin, crisp, and perfect. This place just completely changed the late night scene in NoDa. Benny's is open until 2am on Thursdays, 3am Fridays and Saturdays, and midnight all the other days. They just opened a couple nights ago, so they do have a few kinks to work out in the beginning. Pretty cool to see a King of Pops cooler right up at the front. Congrats and good luck Benny's! We are so excited to have you here.Wow! I loved Benny's while at Virginia tech but this is a whole new level! Great atmosphere and pizza!Awesome murals they are putting together inside tooPizza so big u gotta pay property tax on it - on fleek tho with the buffalo chicken sauce and pepperoni. No beer right now, but the old fashioned bottled cream sodas and root beers make the knees quiver. Late hour spot is just what's needed a little away from noda's main drag.Awesome. Pizza was great and a great price. Tax included. I honestly can't wait to come late at night to end a NODA night here. Keep it up!Great first experience at Benny's!  Staff was friendly and helpful, prices were very reasonable, and pizza was perfect!  Also grabbed myself a craft root beer to wash it down.  Will definitely be back.Wonderful place with great pizza. It was so good, i left after eating one slice, came back and got another one. Nice, fresh and HUGH!! Probably some of the best pizza I've had in all of Charlotte. I'm ecstatic for a pizza place such as this in the NODA area. If you want good, fresh and really BIG pizza, this is the place to go. Will definitely be coming back!Excellent pizza by the slice! And a good bargain for lunch too. One slice was enough to fill me up. It was huge! I'll definitely add this to the regular lunch rotation and I'll be bringing my family by for dinner soon.This is just the place NoDa has needed for forever, simple, good pizza by the slice. I'm surprised it took this long. I thoroughly enjoyed my pepperoni and mushroom slice, and the staff was great. I'm sure I'll go back a bunch.Benny's is awesome! Opened up not too long ago and I've already been 4 or 5 times. Cheap, delicious, GIANT slices of pizza! They always have cheese, pepperoni, and sausage but also have 2 monthly rotating flavors. Super friendly staff and great atmosphere. This place will only get better once they start serving beer! Looking forward to coming back again and again!Virginia Slice, welcome to North Carolina!Great addition to the NoDa Scene! Right next to Heist and has late night hours on weekends! Want a slice at 2 AM on Saturday? They're open!!Benny's is all about the pizza. Simple décor with exposed brick and murals. Lonely, empty beer case that will soon be full of hoppy goodness! King of Pops for dessert!The Buffalo Chicken Pizza is pretty amazing, but the plain cheese is even better. I'm a purist and they really make a great crust and sauce. Thin and crispy! And as you know the slices are so big you can roll them up and sleep in them!Love ya! Mean it! I'll be back!!Friendly staff and huge slices. Great spot! I will definitely be back. I'm looking forward to when they serve beer. Maybe put up a few TVs, then it will be complete.Delicious, HUGE, crispy pizza that will not disappoint! Simple spot- soda in cans and $4 slices makes for a perfect lunch.Splooging w/ flavor this was the ultimate zaaaaa. Spend all your money here.  Super dope and chill and stuff.  This pizza is fully torqued.I usually dont leave comments unless i really like or hate the place. Stopped in after a run and grabbed a slice. Prices are great and the pizza is really good. Looks to be still getting in the swing of things. I saw that beer is coming soon. If they can keep pints reasonable this seems like a great Friday after work meetup spot to start the night in Noda.Awesome. Delicious. Cool place to eat too. Finally, a great pizza place in Charlotte.Great pizza! Slices so big, def worth the price! First time I went they forgot to call us for our slice and we waited a while( which didn't upset us since we were in no rush). Manager noticed we waited a while and gave us cards for a free slice! Employees are friendly and I love the vibe. The next time we went we got hot pizza super quick! Great place, especially late night! Have tried buffalo chicken, pepperoni and sausage. All great choices! 

I have come in twice for hair cuts with Allie before job interviews and been successful both times.  I highly recommend this place.Really enjoyed my visit here! I am very satisfied with my cut & demi color from Janna. She was friendly & relatable, which made it easier to tell her what I was looking for. I had questions about color (wanted to cover some greys but was nervous about getting on the permanent color train for ever and ever) and she was able to make me feel like I understood my options! To top it off, I received a hand-written thank-you note a few days later. A+! :)I love this place!I've been coming here for a couple of years and love the experience they give you.I get my hair cut by Kim and she is fantastic. I'm always impressed by her ability to interpret my confused and overly general hair cut requests. I always leave happy!They give you a scalp massage before your cut, a nice hair wash and they style your hair a little after your cut. Also, they use really nice hair products.You can make appointments on their website, which I always utilize, but you can also call to make appts.Getting my hair cut this morning. It's my first time visit, but it turns out everything is great. I really enjoyed to have this experience. It's Perfect~ feeling goodAbsolutely love this place! I came here to get an ombre done, and I loved my experience. They gave me refreshments and magazines while I waited, and I ended up LOVING my hair. Will definitely come here again!I've been going here since I moved to Madison for school. Brooke has given me the best haircuts I have ever had. My hair looks as good after 4 weeks as it did the day I got it cut, which is something I've never experienced.I am moving to Montana soon and am considering making the 18 hour drive back to Madison once a month to get my hair cut by Brooke.Online appointment booking is extremely convenient and everyone there is warm and welcoming. Best haircut in town.My first experience here was for a big change (~6 inches chopped into a long bob)! I felt welcomed and comfortable the entire time, Karla was great! I will definitely be back!I read Matt S.' review and decided to stop by on my day off. His reviews have never steered me wrong. Once again, right on the money. I stopped in for lunch and was surprised to see a several people there mid-day on a Tuesday. The menu proclaims Golden Harvest as Queen Creek's best Chinese food. After my initial visit, I cannot disagree.When I try a new place, I always order the same plate. For Chinese restaurants it is the General Tso. This has got to be the best General Tso I have ever had. It was crispy, but not crunchy. The chicken was tender and not overcooked. A perfect amount of sauce, rice and broccoli. All for $8.95. The portion was big enough for 2 portions (3 portions if I properly listened to Dr. Gupta).Definitely give this place a shot. It definitely is Queen Creek's best Chinese.American-style Chinese restaurants may not be authentic, but I grew up with them and love them, and Golden Harvest is about the best I've had anywhere. There are many Chinese joints closer to us, but we always take the extra time to drive to Golden Harvest.My litmus test is Kung Pao Chicken. GH uses good quality chicken in an oh-so-tasty sauce that I mop up with rice when the chicken's gone. I'm not a big fan of orange chicken (it's usually a gloppy mess of gristly meat), but GH again uses good meat and fries it to a perfect crispiness that stands up to the sweet sauce. My wife, a tofu lover, is addicted to their deep-fried pillow tofu (seriously, try it). In over 10 visits, every single dish we've tried has been a winner.Golden Harvest is the gold standard for American Chinese in the southeast valley. On top of that they have dinner combos for under $10. What's not to love? Forget PF what's-his-name, this is the place to go.Thank god there's a delicious Chinese restaurant in AZ.MOST UNDERRATED RESTAURANT IN ARIZONA! Eat there every week with coupon!  They always have a coupon and the best, hottest food! The orange chicken is so crispy inside and nicely tart sauce. Egg rolls that are never greasy, very crispy and so fresh. It is a casual and comfortable atmosphere where you never dress up. Eat before 4pm so cheap or even after is really cheap. Family of 4 with beer and wine for about $10 per person!Amazing staff, good food and generous portions too. good for family ...I take my family to this place all the timeFood was perfect portions, price was fair & appropriate, food taste.... off the charts. Really good Chinese food here in Queen Creek.Love this place!  The sign on the window says it's the best Chinese food in Queen Creek and they're not lying.  What's really amazing is how they remember so many of their customers.  Walk in the door and they greet you with a smile, remember your drink preferences and bring them almost without asking.  They even remember regular customer's favorite dishes.  Service like that keeps me coming back.Love this place! Go here all the time and the ladies are so nice! This was the first restaurant we found when moving to this side of the valley and we have been extremely happy with both the service & food. We are never disappointed and we would recommend Golden Harvest to anyone!We eat here about once a month and have always had great food and service. I have noticed how the food is always much better if you eat in, I wonder if some of the bad reviews were a result of food sitting. We always get the sweet and sour chicken and kung pao chicken and have always enjoyed it. have eaten there about 20 times never had rude service or gotten ill.I have had consistently great food here!  My family often gets an order of pork fried rice and orange chicken and its more than enough to feed three adults and two children with left overs! I'm usually sensitive to take out Chinese food because of the oil. I usually get sick, but never have at this place. Really nice staff and always clean. One of our favorites!The food served at Golden Harvest is amazing, taking the price and variety into consideration.We ordered Shrimp Lo Mein, and paid $8.95 for it. It was enough food for two adults. Can't beat a delicious dinner for less than $5 each!Friends of ours ordered the Orange Chicken - it was crispy and flavored nicely. Other friends ordered the Beef and Broccoli - huge portions for super cheap!Crab Rangoon leaves something to be desired, but the other food made up for it. Rice was hot, fresh, and delicious. :)P.S. Ask for the Orange Shrimp. Best dish I've tried!Honestly the best egg drop soup i have ever had!  I haven't even got to my wanton soup yet but I am sure it is just as good.  Also as small as it sounds the bagging was awesome too!  They placed a piece of cardboard under the 2 quarts of soup so the bag did not sag!My husband and I love Golden Harvest. Their lunch specials are so cheap and they give you a great deal of food. The food is delicious and the staff is very helpful and friendly. We typically order take-out, but have dined in a couple of times and we have been satisfied ordering both ways. When we order take out, the food is ready within 10-15 minutes every time. When you dine in, they give you appetizers while you wait to eat. They have amazing customer service that keeps us coming back time and time again. But most of all, the prices are hard to beat. The amount of food you get in coordination with the prices is the best seller.We still go to Golden Harvest regularly and enjoy it as much as ever. The lo mein has good "wok hey" and the Mongolian beef the best I've had anywhere -- and it's consistently that good.This place is amazing. Huge portions, the pork fried rice is to die for, and easily the best service I have ever had. 5/5, will eat here many more times in the coming months.Great local place to get great food. Good orange chicken , Mongolian beef, and lo mein.Visited again today! Staff is so friendly, and the food is the best Asian food I've had in or near Queen Creek. Veggie Fried Rice is delish.Great & affordable lunch specials. My mom is Asian as all get out and said it was her favorite Chinese food place. I'm glad I have a good Chinese food place so close to me. I recommend the cashew chicken & shrimp low mien. The sweet & sour anything is great too!Lunch specials are a STEAL! Every time I've gone the place has been quiet, but the food is absolutely amazing and the service is definitely nice. It's not a super nice sit down restaurant, but the place is very clean, the food is always excellent, and the girl I always get is so nice and I feel bad for forgetting her name! Definitely a must try if you like Asian food.Wow wow wow!!! First time here...Absolutely delicious!! Fast friendly service with great prices....huge plates too!!!! My and my families choice this side of the QC from now on!!!I just revisited Golden Harvest after about 6 months and they must have made some changes as the items i typically order were much better than before. Everything was fresh and tasted great. I will be adding this to my normal restaurant rotation for sure.This is the spot!! Me and my friends go there for lunch breaks from work. The food is on point! They have great selection and the food comes out quick and is delicious. I have been here numerous times and have never had a bad experience. Probably the best Asian food in Queen Creek!Best Chinese food in QC, hands down. Love their Hot & Sour Soup. My husband and I had lunch here the other day and the bill only came to $14. Great value for delicious food and healthy portions!!I saw Golden Harvest listed on Yelp and decided to try it out.  I really love the food.  I had the lunch menu Mongolian Beef made extra hot and spicy ... excellent!  The hot and sour soup was very good.  I also really enjoyed the spring roll that comes with the meal - dipping it in some Chinese hot mustard.  Service was excellent.  I will be back again soon!Fast service. Ordered orange chicken, chicken lo mein and egg drop soup. Food was super yummy!Love the food. We had sweet and sour chicken, egg rolls , broccoli beef, fried rice and steamed veggies they were all delicious. The staff is friendly helpful and attentive. I will definitely come back.I'm not a huge fan of Chinese food, but my husband is. For his birthday he wanted Chinese food and this was the closest one to our house (well actually Asia Buffet was, but no). I immediately fell in love when we sat down because they brought... won ton chips with sweet and sour sauce!! My favorite!! I was even more impressed when all of their dinner options were under $10 (included rice, egg roll and shrimp won ton something). We went again for lunch today and it was even cheaper - most lunches under $6 (included soup, rice, a smaller portion of entree, egg roll and shrimp won ton something). If you're looking for a delicious Chinese option that's cheap - go here!! The service is also super fast. We were in and out of there within 45 minutes at dinner.This is  a family favorite, We have eaten in  - but typically get take out. They have our order (for 6 - so not quick and easy!) ready in 10-15 minutes every time. We have to be ready to leave the house before we call! 

Bread cart approached me and oh how I tried to so hard to limit myself to 3...we were given olive oil and salt sprinkled butter to enjoy with the bread.

Hope to be back soon!This is my go to place for dinner with friends, Love the guacamole and chips. The soft tacos are hot and fresh.Visiting Scottsdale and eating at several places that we have never tried. This was the best place by far. I wish there was a Blanco near where I live. I would go weekly.Good fish tacos, good margaritas, good guac, friendly service - what more could you ask for?This is easily my favorite restaurant in AZ! It's always such a treat. They have the freshest tasting salsa that comes complimentary with your meal. I love the carne Asada tacos and their rice is to die for! It is so buttery and delish! The sangria is also amazing! Love love love this place!Great place that takes Mexican to whole new level. Awesome place !!!I had the best Skinny margarita I have ever had here. Also i had the Samon entree and it was delicious!The BEST rice I've ever eaten. Ever. If I was on the show the best thing I ever ate, that might just be the dish I'd highlight. It tastes like its made with sweet cream butter. It's interesting and addicting. Great specialty drinks. The layered enchiladas were very good.Went here with some friends before heading out to old town to club and it was incredible. Everyone ordered something different and we shared - and ALL of it was amazing. From the enchiladas to the fish tacos to even the rice and beans. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food so this is saying a lot. The place itself was absolutely gorgeous, from the exterior to the interior. The seating both outside and inside is comfortable (we had moved from inside to outside seating just out of curiosity). Outside was nice because they had heaters since it was Winter, so we thought we might freeze but it was actually very comfortable. The chairs and couches were really nice as well and they had fire pits which you could dine next to (I loved that part). The bathrooms were beautiful and clean and the service was also great. It is a bit pricey but everything is delicious, so it's a give and take for sure. The good thing about this place is that it's great for dates as well as friends and family.Had Happy Hour on Monday at the Borgata location.

 technician David who was professional,honest and efficient! Will definitely use them again!!!Thought I had a blockage in the pipe.  Turns out the toilets just needed new flappers and intake valves -- a cheap repair -- and this vastly improved the flushing power.Good honest tradespeople!  I highly recommend.Alan's Plumbing was awesome.  The Plumber Chris showed up on time and was extremely quick and professional.Great job all around.Karl was super kind and professional and helpful and told me of somethings I did not know needed to be fixed!I had a problem with my bath tub and there was water running down my dinning room ceiling.

Für mich war das nicht tragisch, aber scheinbar konnte der passende Verschluss nicht aufgetrieben werden.

thanks!

 as for plates the sizzling steak plate is delicious.We're always here because it is literally a 5 minute drive away from home. It never gets old. The place is always packed so I'm sure a lot of people agree.  You can opt to order ala carte but "all you can eat" is the only way to go here. Cool ambiance and there is a lounge and a room for groups. One thing that I'd wish they change is their limit on desert. I lovvvveeee their creme brûlée, and definitely would order more if I could.Must do AYCE! Definitely worth the price. Not only is the sushi AYCE, but the full menu as well. So you can get appetizers with your sushi. Fish is always fresh, and VERY tasty rolls. good, quick, friendly service, lots of seating, can be busy and a lil loud at times, so call for big groups. But i cannot say anything bad about this place. I'm very surprised it only has 3.5 stars.Omfg!   Everything from the wasabi to the rolls was FANTASTIC.   The sizes are cut appropriately small so you can thoroughly enjoy an AYCE experience.   Definitely will come here again on date nite with my wife.I gave this place 5 stars, because i honestly believe this is the best buffet/Ayce for the price in Vegas. I have gone to this place for almost 3 years now. The best part about this place are the appetizers. I love the Shrimp on skewers, Rib Eye, Asian Skirt Steak, Ahi Poke, Gyoza, and many more....Over the years their portions have gotten smaller, but i understand because it prevents from wasting food..BTW you can always get more....Their fresh sushi is amazing as well, big pieces of fish with small rice, and their Baked Rolls are very tasty. my favorites is the Lobster Fair and the Paradise rolls. Word of advice try to get there early around 5 for dinner, or you can expect a long wait. Service is really good, and ambiance is great with a younger japanese themed feel....Oyshi is the only reason my wife wants to go to Vegas...We were in Vegas a few months ago when a stranger told us about this place.  I remembered the name and we had time to try it out a few days ago.  We got there at about 8pm and on a weekday so it wasn't packed.  We had the best waiters though.  Service was excellent from the get go.  The people that work there are friendly and nice.  We ordered a few rolls and some appetizers to begin with.  We just took our time eating.  We weren't in a rush.  At times, we would take breaks and the waiter/waitress would check to see if we wanted to order anything.  All the rolls were fresh and tasty.  It's AYCE but they ask that you eat everything that you order.  Everything that we ordered was delicious.  We also ordered the seaweed salad and that was very nice.  The music is loud but it is also a place with a lot of energy.  I thought it was perfect.  We had a great experience and we will be back the next time we're in Vegas.Absolutely LOVE this place and my favorite AYCE sushi in Vegas.  The fish is always high quality and the appetizers and desserts are awesome and included in the price!I don't know why this place doesn't have 5 stars. I am an avid sushi eater and this place is awesome! Really great rolls, good atmosphere!Great quality with great price.  Their dishes are more fusion Japanese than traditional, but I enjoyed it.  Sashimi grades are excellentI love Oyshi Sushi! It's a fun environment with a great staff and excellent food! Love the half roll option with AYCE at the bar!This is by far my favorite sushi place to go to in Vegas. The sushi is always fresh and the Asian skirt steak is to die for! The service is usually pretty quick and very efficient. I eat here like once or twice a week.Sin City has always been my favorite sushi place and now Jessie is back even better Young, Jimbo, and everyone else ill see you soon:PAll you can eat... Check. Great quality fish... Check. Open for lunch... Bonus! We'll be coming back!This place has something for everyone good seating great ambience The food is really good away from the sushi menu this is a great place to take the first time Sushi Eater to experience different flavors and if they still don't like  Sushi there appetizers and side dishes are amazing I recommend the surf and turf and all the desserts are excellentLove this place! Been here over a dozen times. Staff is wonderful & attentive. Sushi is fresh. GREAT AYCE !!!! Great atmosphere with private rooms for party's. Expect to wait for a table during peak times. I'm not the only person who will go out of my way to eat here. The Mochi Ice Cream & the nuclear bomb roll are my FAVS... Num num.Excellent sushi, as well as a variety of rolls and other menu items on the all you can eat.Great food and good prices. lve never had bad service even when they're jam packed, servers are attentive and prompt. Sashimi platter and Poke are my faves from hereWe went here on a Tuesday night as a recommendation by a few friends and it was amazing!!! As young parents we hardly get to go out on date nights but this place made it possible to have a great time, delicious AYCE (we did mainly half rolls to try a combo), a few drinks ( MON/TUES BUY 1 get one FREE SAKES), have an adult convo, and still be home to tuck baby in!  

But it is a bit pricy. 1 appetizer, 3 drinks, and 3 entrees cost almost $120 after tip. This is definitely a $$$ restaurant.So amazing!! My boyfriend and I came here for lunch and had such a good experience. The beer and wine selection was pretty good. We shared the garden salad and Bianca pizza...both UNREAL. The Bianca was one of the best pizzas I have ever had. The waitress was really friendly and all of the other employees were helpful. I will 100% be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh!!Fabulous food, excellent service and refreshing cocktails!  Will be back when in town.Possibly one of the best pizzas I've ever had, delicious sauce, caramelized peppers, fresh spicy sausage, and cheese on a crisp, airy, fluffy, perfectly charred crust.  Served on a cookie sheet with mounds of finely shredded Romano, fresh red pepper flakes, and oregano provided to spice up your pizza to your liking.  Really enjoyed this pizza so much, so damn good.  Easily in my top five pizzas of all time.  Order at the counter, take a number, and in minutes, your order is delivered to your table.  Clean, modern and large indoor dining area and large outdoor seating area when weather is nice.  Limited, but diverse draft choices.  Would definitely come back.  Great experience, and just off the Pitt campus near Forbes Ave.I had salad with bread and a soup. I really liked them, especially the salad. I think I will definitely go back anytime I am in the mood for salad.Sunday brunch today at The Porch was honestly the best breakfast I've ever had in my life. The mushroom quiche was light and soufflé-like. All the breads are homemade which made the egg sandwich, cinnamon roll, and French toast superb! The setting is lovely, service was attentive and friendly, and the coffee was fresh and tasty. Can't wait to go back!So good!We go here whenever we're in the area, and hungry. So twice!Both times have been great!The first time we got this weird cantaloupe with prosciutto and chocolate mint with chia seeds, I can't find it on their menu because I think it was some special. If you see it on the menu get it. I wouldn't lie to you, internet person.For the main dish(es) we had French toast (which was good) and a quiche (which was good), the second time we went we all had pizza (which was bad, just kidding, it was good.)Also their house-made sodas are nifty, and they grow their own ingredients ON THEIR ROOF!Great food, atmosphere and service. Signature burger was great. The crispy potatoes are excellent.  HAd the lamb, really good.  This is a great place for supper.  Nice selection of local brews The tiramisu had a layer of chocolate cream, not traditional but was really, really good. Creme Brulee just average.First time here ~ great food, service, and location.  Nice relaxed atmosphere.  Loved the fire going outside. Got the scallops with black rice, butternut squash, mustard greens, & spiced olive oil, and it was delicious.Bacon and egg pizza! Well, actually all of them. Have been very flexible and accommodating with our special events.Personally, I don't understand the negative reviews. Maybe we got lucky, maybe they're turning their act around, or maybe a lot of the negative reviews come from college students - not trying to get myself in trouble here - who are overly critical of, well everything. We were down from NYC for a wedding in the area and stumbled across The Porch on a Sat around noon.  Being a New Yorker - again not trying to get myself in trouble - we are very fortunate to have a plethora of options for pretty much everything you can desire. Porch succeeded in many ways that many New York establishments do not... We were sat right away, greeted with water, coffee and a drink menu. Our server answered all of our questions and provided with quick and attentive service. Our group ordered: egg sandwiches, smoked salmon, pizza and eggs benny. Everything we had was fresh and flavorful and inexpensive.Look this is not a five star establishment. It is not fine dining. It IS on campus and gets a young crowd along with families. I would consider them a high volume place, and with that in mind they handle their business well. Next time I'm back in the Oakland area I'll eat at Porch again.Close to the universities, a great place to entertain.  Had scallops prepared exquisitely.   Date had rotisserie chicken, her favorite.  Shared a bite, yummy.  Good Caesar salad.  Hosts had hamburger and mushroom flatbread, respectively.  Both presented attractively and smelled great.  Nice well lit restaurant.  Very helpful and attentive waiter.  Made for a very pleasant evening.Everything we had was great and at a good price point. Bit of a wait for our food to arrive but there were 8 of us and we ordered a lot of food. Best cornbread I have had, maybe ever. Killer arugula salad, pizzas and flatbreads were great. Its a big busy room, but really enjoyed all the food. Its a nice location on the park also.Always one of my top go-to restaurants in Pittsburgh. Love everything about this place-the architecture, the sangria especially on a nice summer day. And the food is amazing. I have trouble choosing between the Bianca and the margherita. The Bianca is to die for with the fig and goat cheese. The vegetable burger is the best veggie burger I've ever tasted. Really well done. Their salads are simple but very delicious and refreshing. Love love this place.Excellent service and quality food. I've eaten at this restaurant a few times and haven't been disappointed!  I highly suggest their pizzaz they're delicious. I'll be sure to return in the near future.Excellent food. Quick and friendly service. The mussels were the best I've had. Will definitely be back.I've been here twice now. Once was for dinner which was great but if you have the chance to do the weekend brunch I highly recommend it. Their cinnamon rolls are supposed to be really good but they were out of them so I had to try the fresh fried cinnamon sugar donuts with jam which are amazing. It's a nice location especially in the summer with all the out door seating in the heart of Oakland. Definitely worth a stop if you have a chance.Dinner was awesome tonight! Waiter David took good care of us. Our specials, pizza and beet and goat cheese salad were tasty, the prime rib sandwich and porch burger were mouthwatering and the crispy potatoes, mmmmmmI've been to the porch dozens of times over the last few years, even twice in one day sometimes, and not one of my experiences has ever disappointed me. Brunch is always cooked perfectly and never too crowded, so food comes in a timely manner. If you're on the run during the week the breakfast sandwiches and $1 coffee window are amazing! The pancakes are breakfast burger are favorites if you sit down. The nice thing about the porch isn't just the fresh ingredients but the seasonal rotation of foods. They do a good job of providing different things at different times of the year to satisfy every craving. The pizzas in particular vary year round. The piggie pie in the fall and winter is particularly delicious. A year round staple that I highly recommend is the prime rib sandwich but it's almost always worth it to try one of the specials if they sound intriguing to you. My best luck with specials was when I had tacos. The veggie burger is also always fresh and hearty but the potatoes that come with it are amazing. Dessert at the porch is always delicious too, ask about the gelato flavors. The only big complaint I have is the draft selection. I can find some rare drafts there but there's typically not much to choose from. The wine selection pairs well with most of the food but with the pizza id usually like a draft. Mixed drinks are stronger than at most places though which is great. All in all the porch is always a good idea.best pizza you can eat on Oakland Area,  University of Pittsburgh Campus with resonable pricesThough they don't take reservations, the staff arranged seating for the 10 women in our water polo team and the ten parents and coaches. The open ambiance, food and beverages were delicious. We will return.This place is the full package. Great food, incredible service, delicious desserts and an abundance of drink options. Their starters are so packed with creative pairings and delicious taste. I had the Brie. Comes with a delicious apple spread. They make their own sodas and desserts. I hd their delicious creme brûlée. The main course food is also paired so perfectly and full of flavor. Charlie was amazing. A truly charismatic individual in the industry. I highly recommend this place if you're in Pitt.I was shocked to find this restaurant so close to a campus.  The food was outstanding. I ordered a salmon salad in which was very fresh and unique with its melted leeks and orange shavings. Though I wanted more salmon I thought it was not skimpy on the salmon. My wife ordered a ribeye steak sandwich and taters. The sandwich was salad, but what a nice change to have whole potatoes instead of normal fries. They were done simply but perfectly. It was at least 6 small potatoes on the plate which was more then generous. They gave my son free apple juice and they had complimentary water flavored with strawberries and or lemons and mint. Nice touch instead of the standard tap water. I say check this place out I was pleasantly surprised.Got the braised lamb shank and it was delicious. The staff was courteous and the service very good. Have been a number of times and I am never disappointed.Your favorite Pittsburgh restaurant. Great atmosphere, amazing food and very friendly service. Favorite items - fig pizza, arugula salad, salmon burger, crispy tater's, prime rib sandwich are all excellent. Chef Kevin is a rising star!My son took me here to dinner while I was visiting from Florida. It was fabulous. Everything that was ordered from appetizers to entrées looked and tasted wonderful. I had a lobster and sweet corn  risotto that was out of this world and a harvest salad with chicken that was so good- fresh greens, goat cheese, roasted green beans and beets and walnuts. All of the other ordered entrees also were fabulous/ prime rib sandwich, pork chop and pizza. The wait staff was friendly and  provided great service. I recommend this restaurant .My family and I stopped by here on a Thursday afternoon for lunch between visiting Pitt State and The Carnegie Museum of Natural History. They served me one of the best Reubens I have ever had. Many places tend to pile on the corned beef and I have to remove much of it before eating, but this one had a perfect ratio of meat, Swiss cheese, Russian dressing, and their house made sauerkraut. I opted for a side of fresh field greens (instead of tater tots) which were lightly dressed and made me feel super healthy ; ) My mom loved her Garden Harvest salad with field greens, roasted green beans, roasted beets, goat cheese, walnuts, and mushrooms, drizzled with a tarragon vinaigrette. It was the perfect place to stop for a light, refreshingly lunch! I felt that the prices were very reasonable for the quality and freshness of the food presented. The restaurant was beautiful inside and out (and I love that they have a rooftop garden!)My husband and I stumbled upon The Porch on our third day in Pittsburgh; we were so delighted that we ate here a total of 4 times!! We ate lunch here first, prior to visiting the Phipps Conservatory. The salad greens were the freshest and best I've eaten. Each bite was better than the first. And the veggie burger was delicious. The coffee was awesome too. We at breakfast, lunch and dinner and had no complaints with any meal. While the dinner prices were more than we usually spend, I was not disappointed at all. Each bite was a delectable. The wait staff were very attentive and nice, and a shout out to the woman at the breakfast counter, who could have turned us away since we arrived on the cusp of 11:00, but served us anyway. I have nothing but high praise for this establishment. My only recommendation would be to add more vegetarian friendly entrees. You made our visit to Pittsburgh an A++!I 

The coffee was delicious and filled frequently. They left a water pitcher on the table, as well as a huge bottle of syrup. I can't stand that little syrup serving some places give you because you always run out....and there you're left....alone with your dry french toast....but not here! :) Great friendly service and very on top of cleaning up the table and checking on us!!we haven't done a breakfast in some time and we noticed this new joint next to Grassroots. the online menu looked good, so it was time for a try. excellent and plentiful menu options. the coffee is very good for restaurant coffee and they keep it full. they also passed the water glass test by actually leaving a carafe of water on the table. like my wife says, they also leave a gigantic bottle of syrup on the table, because everyone knows, 3 things need to be plentiful for breakfast...bacon, coffee, syrup.i had the eggs verde, on corn tortillas. they were excellently runny and just enough spice to give it flavor without burning my mouth. my wife had the brioche french toast and it was fluffy on the inside, crispy on the outside, just right!our friends each had a breakfast burrito and had great things to say about it as well. our server was friendly and attentitive without being overbearing. the food is obviously good because there was quite a wait on a sunday morning...shouldn't all these people be in church?looking for a "new" great breakfast place? Butters might be your new place!While I have been a longtime fan of Butterfield's, this new outpost with a similar name is my new favorite because it is closer to my house!The menu is about the same as Butterfield's, but that is a good thing, because I have never tried something that I didn't like!  Lately I have been a big fan of the Popeye Scramble, with onions, bacon, spinach and jack cheese...it is divine.  The hash browns are crispy and I can never decide between the thick sourdough toast or the melt in your mouth pancakes!  Yesterday the pancakes were the winner, and they were delicious as usual, my favorite pancakes in town!We did have to wait about 30 mintues on a Sunday morning to be seated, but that is on par with all the other good breakfast places in the area.  But Butter's makes up the time by getting the food out fast!I spoke to the owner and apparently any new locations that they open are going to be in the Butter's name....but who cares what the name is as long as the food is good!Buttters never disappoints!! Their food is amazing. They also have fantastic gluten free pancakes and waffles!This might be my new favorite breakfast spot. Went here a couple weekends ago with some girlfriends and the food was bomb.com. I got the chorizo skillet and it was amazing. I wasn't even hungry and I ate the whole plate. (It's a problem, I know I need to work on not eating when I'm not hungry but food is so GOOD!)The service was average - I can't think that anything was wrong. But even if it was bad, I'd go back. I def have to try some other things and I'm sure I'll update when appropriate. I've been craving that damn skillet since I've had it. Isn't it a little odd to crave chorizo and eggs? Idk. Seems a lil weird to me. But clearly it made an impression.The Butterfield's brothers have done it again! Butters is everything I look for in a breakfast or lunch spot. It's open and airy, the staff is friendly and fast and the food is fantastic. Oh and did I mention that the patio is dog-friendly? All pluses in my book! Since so many of the reviews are about breakfast, I am going to talk about lunch!Their wraps are amazing. The tortilla bread is soft and fresh and the combinations are mouthwatering. I ordered the Southwest Veggie Wrap with the addition of turkey. The wrap has Black beans, jalapeño cheese, corn, red bell pepper, avocado, scallion, lettuce, tomato & chipotle mayo. Every bite is better then the one before it. For my side, I splurged and ordered the sweet potato fries. Oh sweet happiness, I am so glad I did! The lunch was heartier than I typically opt for in the middle of the day, but when the food is this good, it doesn't quiet matter as much! The server was friendly and efficient. In fact, I had only had 1/3 of my Diet Coke and she brought me out a new one! That's service. This is definitely a eatery that shouldn't be missed.Great quality meals at respectable prices and extremely fast service. My wife and I go here as often as we can (we try not to eat out too much for budget reasons) and the staff are always attentive. The food is high quality and tasty. My personal favorite items is the Pop Eye Scrambler with Avocado: it is eggs scrambled with onion,avocado,baby spinach, and bacon. For two adults with drinks and meals runs us on average about $26 after a 20% tip for the great staff. Highly recommend this place.I finally made it to Butters for breakfast.  I am going to make this short and simple.The food, service and everything was fantastic.Do yourself a big favor and give them a try.These guys were AWESOME! Great service.. Great food. I NEVER finish hashbrowns.. and they didn't saturate theirs in grease.. ugh! Just fantastic place. Loved it!This review has been a long time coming. My lady and I hit up Butters on the regular, usually Saturdays or Sunday mornings. If you get there early enough, you can avoid waiting too long. There's a special time in the late morning, when all the early risers are leaving Butters, and all the good parking spots open up. You'll have to wait a few minutes longer, but it's worth the 20 less steps you'll have to take to get into the diner.While you're waiting, you can order coffee-type beverages from the barista at the front. It's not the best, and I'd advise just waiting until you're seated to order the house blend.The staff is obsessively attentive, but not annoyingly so. They zoom in with coffee -- iced during the summer, of course -- and take our orders, which arrive within 5-6 minutes, without fail. I fear that they have developed some nanosynthesis food production technology. Or maybe they're just really good at being a diner.I'm the kind of guy that has a "usual" at restaurants. Butters is no exception. I'll get three eggs poached, bacon, hashbrowns and protein pancakes. When I'm feeling unusual, I'll opt for one of their skillets or omelets. Whatever you get here, you're going to love it. My girlfriend gets the berry bliss or strawberry cheesecake french toasts, which I am more than happy to partake in. I never leave Butters feeling underfed or unsatisfied.I've never ordered from their lunch menu, so I can't offer my opinion on it. I'm not curious enough to find out. Butters isn't my "lunch" place, and I hate change.Best Breakfast in town. We drive all the way from Arrowhead Ranch for their great food.I love BUTTERS!...(and I hate breakfast!)I've been to Scottsdale twice, and went to Butters twice.  That sums up how much i love this place.  They have great fresh orange juice!  They refill their syrup for every table as soon as the customers leave...everyone loves a full jar of syrup!  It's the little things that make me happy! :)It's quite popular among the locals, the second time I had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  But it's worth it.  Go here!Clean, fast, organized, smiles, conversation, attentive!

Luckily, Shirley B. commented on my check in letting me know they serve Art of Flavors gelato. WHAT?!!?!? We sampled almost all of them and of course indulged! 

Sliders w/Cheddar Cheese

This newly wed husband and wife team truly know how to set the tone for a relaxing vacation.  With personal tours around the city (including the strip), homemade breakfast and memories that will last for ever, this vacation get away embraces all the aspects of relaxation with the comforts of home.  This vacation spot is perfect for individuals or couples looking for a comfortable get-away from home life and an opportunity to spend quality time with incredible friends. Thank you Hotel del Kacvinsky for making my spring break the greatest one ever. Love you both.A TOP notch place!  Wow, I was treated so well, like family!!!!   The place is beautifully decorated, super comfy guest bed, AND the meals, to die for.  The hosts are lovely and funny too.  One of the most relaxing yet fun weekends ever.  Thanks to the Kacvinskys!!I dealt with Gary Green to help me buy a car. Of all the new cars I have ever bought & all the dealerships I have ever dealt with, this was the BEST car buying experience I have ever had. I will never deal with a car dealership or car salesmen on my own ever again. Gary is warm, friendly, extremely knowledgeable & really looked out for MY interests & benefits.Don't represent yourself on a major purchase like a car, if you don't know the car business inside and out! Let these guys help you get the deal and financing that you deserve and you will be glad you did. 

We ordered a sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream and an apple tart for dessert along with French press coffee....

Ask for Charles!!!!!!Had my carpets cleaned in my condo and they look as good as new. I live in a high rise so they had to use portable machinery to do the job. Very professional service and a job well done, would recommend. Charles and Marvin were awesome.I picked J2 solely on yelp reviews, so I appreciate honesty. Well that being said I'm glad I did, this place was awesome. I had Paco come by to clean tile floors, seal them and also some carpet cleaning. The estimate I was given on the phone was a bit off. After Paco did some measurements, the price was actually lower than what was quoted. This guy was on time, friendly, great at his job and worked hard from the word 'go.' Once the work was completed I was shocked at the outstanding results. I will absolutely use this place again and I HIGHLY recommend them. Thanks Paco and J2!I recently had J2 clean my carpets. They were very reasonably priced and professional. I scheduled for a Sunday morning and had an emergency where I couldn't contact them to let them know I wouldn't be there. Not only were they understanding, they came back the same afternoon and did an amazing job on my carpets. I would recommend them to everyone looking for a great value and extremely well cleaned carpet.Holy shit dude, they did an amazing job. I'm so mad at myself for not getting more comparison pictures but seriously amazing. The guys were super cool, super friendly and very knowledgable in their line of work. World class, would recommend to everyone, hell, I would even recommend them to people who aren't even asking for a carpet cleaner recommendation. Mostly because I just want a reason to talk about my carpets.Not sure what you can say about a laundry mat. But they are under new management. They have put in all new machines. Will start pick up and delivery to area hotels in a week.  Prices were fair.  The people in their were nice and helpfull. Short walk from El CortezAhoj byli jsme tu jednou. A naprosto spokojeny. Maj nekolik velikosti pracek. A spousty jich maji. Jednu davku praciho prasku maji za 75c a ja pral v te nejmensi pracce za 1,75$ a susicka je 25c za 7 min. Muzu doporucit a majitelka se prijemna a ochotna pani.The washers and dryers are clean and look new. There's a quarter machine located in the back of the building. Laundry detergent is sold for 75 cents. Also, there's a TV inside to keep you occupied as you wait for your clothes to wash/dry.There's something about this chicken that tingles my taste buds. Once that grilled chicken hits my lips, it's bliss. When the flames of the grill lick that marinated chicken, sizzling magic happens. Absolutely love this chicken.Ok this chicken is so good, it has been said, that even another chicken would eat it. That is an understatement. This is a decent restaurant in the guise of a fast food joint. They have a great loyalty program-Plus. They send out great coupons- Double Plus! A great alternative to fast food, not just in quality but healthier as well. I should also mention the very friendly staff. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!Great food, great specials!the people here are great, the food is addictive...it's not burger-chain cheap but with coupons and senior discounts (you have to ask for the senior discount of 10%) it is more than affordable and delicious!I go here all the time. They do change staff frequently, but the baristas are friendly and the location is convenient. I drink my iced vanilla latte daily. I love the espresso at Starbucks and the frequent customer card gives me free syrup and free drinks. The breakfast sandwiches are awesome and are only $2 this week.Staff are great!This location always makes my flavored drinks the best - they may have different names for the drinks I normally order but they are super nice at explaining it that way I know they are going to serve the right drink. Kudos to this location and the young manager I dealt with when my order was difficult.Cleanliness: 5 stars

   The only thing that could Refine their menu was a house made ranch dressing. ;-)

the staff is nice and smiling! 

I hope I never have a problem again with my computers (we have two) but computer problems are not a "if" but a "when" and I'll sure call Jeremy again.Sooo helpful. Answered right away. Talked me through the problem, which was minor but scared me. No charge. Yay!We have a Toshiba Satellite laptop that crashed over a year ago.  We initially contacted the manufacturer who told us the hard drive needed to be replaced.  After that, we took the laptop to Data Doctors, who told us it would cost over $300 to replace the hard drive or they could simply take the laptop and recycle since $300 was the cost of buying a new laptop.  We did not feel comfortable with Data Doctors, so we held off on doing anything with the laptop for several months.  We eventually came across Jeremy's information on Google.  We dropped off the laptop mid-morning and the repairs were completed by the end of the day.  Jeremy replaced the hard drive with a larger one and increase the memory for only $120.  The laptop works great and is faster than before.Very prompt and courteous service.Had an old Compaq desktop tower in need of a Personal Information Scrub! I called 2 places and left messages. Jeremy called me directly back and offered to recycle the piece once cleaned up! Fast service, exceptional price. Will use again, and recommend to others!Great service. Kind. Bright. Good price. Timely completion of work. Offered advice on prevention of future issues for free.Jeremy is the man, and my computer fix-it guy in Arizona, and California, for that matter! Found him through Yelp, and his great reviews had me calling him to upgrade my old laptop.Met him at his little apartment, which felt kinda odd, but once in his place we got right down to brass tacks and no B.S. I told him what I needed, and he started searching parts right there and gave me a quote, and told me when it'd be ready.Time came, it was ready, and price quoted was paid...I'm a happy customer! I'll continue using Jeremy, and hope for his continued success so I'll always have him in my corner.I went to go see Jeremy to help me with a basic computer issue that I was having. I am not computer literate, and he was able to fix my computer quickly, was very helpful and very professional, I will keep his number on speed dial for any further issues and recommend his services!Jeremy took good care of my computers and was very reasonable. I highly recommend him.Thank you Jeremy. You saved the day yet again. One quick call and a few hours later my problem was solved, again! 

They have three locations but it's not like a chain they hand toss their pizza .

-i refer all my friends here.

Domestics: 

Italian Sub = Awesome 

We can't thank Brad and his staff at Special Moments enough!We're so happy we chose Special Moments to cater our wedding this past April. We had an outdoor wedding at Saguaro Lake Ranch, and right after the ceremony it started to rain. It only ever rains in Arizona when we are there it seems, because it also rained when we first visited the site in September last year... Anyway, the rain was unexpected and we didn't have a coordinator or a real contingency plan in place. But the servers like clockwork got the food under cover and then moved up to an alternative area inside the main lodge of the ranch without any direction from us. They made everything work amazingly well despite the hassles and everyone had a great dinner without a huge delay. This was a buffet dinner for just under 100 people and the food was still delicious and hot by the time everyone sat down to eat. Also, we didn't get dessert from them and instead bought lots of pies from a wonderful pie shop called Piefection. So we assumed that our guests would have to take care of serving themselves dessert, but the head server from Special Moment would have none of that. He asked if it would be ok for them to do dessert service for us, and of course I said yes. So they got our pies served out and everyone had dessert brought to them. As for the food itself, it was just delicious. Their menu of choices seems limited, but everything we had at our tasting was great, and their chef was so much fun to chat with. The standouts were the basil Chardonnay linguine, the grilled Tri-tip with yummy bordelaise sauce and the meatballs. Our guests raved about how good the food was! (My family is picky about good food by the way, so this was not empty praise.)My sister is a bartender and she mixed drinks for the cocktail hour before dinner, and they were even nice enough to lend us some drinks towers free of charge when we asked if they could throw them in for free.I recommend this catering service wholeheartedly and would book them again in a heartbeat. Bri was our contact person within the company and she was great, and I do wish I knew the head server's name because he was a gem.If I could give them a billion stars, I absolutely would!Special Moments catered our wedding on May 8, 2015, at the air force museum in Mesa. They were a recommended vendor and had worked at the venue before, so I decided to go with them after checking out some additional reviews.First, I must say that their communication skills are excellent. I live in Dubai and planning a wedding halfway across the globe is stressful enough, as I can only communicate through email or through my sister who was local. Brad, Michelle and their team were prompt and clear with their communication. They also were very patient with me and honored last year's prices as I was having trouble securing the venue.Unfortunately, I couldn't be present to do a tasting, so my sister went with her 5 year old daughter and her friend. My sister was thoroughly impressed by the presentation of the tasting - the chef even made child sized portions for my niece, even though she didn't eat it! It was a very kind and thoughtful touch, and was greatly appreciated. The food we chose was the chicken chipotle, beef puff pastry, and they added an extra vegetarian side for free. It was all delicious when I finally got to try it.I came into Phoenix about 9 months before the wedding and finally met with Michelle. She was so interested in our theme (vintage air travel) and wanted to match the buffet tables to our decor. I met her again just a week before the wedding to get some last minute details in. She showed me these amazing vintage glasses she found at an antique shop with old airline brands and said she would use them on the tables. I was impressed by her desire to match the decor.On the day of the event, I arrived early (I know, I'm shocked too!) and was met by Dan who was in charge of the staff for the evening. Dan was amazing - he ensured we received our plated meals as well as wrapping up all the leftover food and sending it home with my family. The staff even folded up my ceremony chairs after the ceremony! I would have never asked them to do it however, they were happy to pitch in without even being asked.All the staff were kind and helpful, and Dan was great - he gave us tips on cake-cutting (who knew it was so technical?) kept communication open with me throughout the whole day.Thank you so much Special Moments! Your staff definitely helped make our day very special.Brad and his staff were amazing and so accommodating! We had them cater our holiday luncheon in the office. The food was delicious! We will be calling them again next year!I used Special Moments Catering for our company Holiday Party and they did a great job. I got many compliments from my staff about the food. The quality of their food is great, the freshness of the green beans and other produce really makes a difference. Also, the staff at Special Moments Catering is amazing! They are very polite and timely for all communication. I was very impressed with my experience with Special Moments and will use them again. Make sure to get the cream cheese, garlic mashed potatoes! They are amazing, and everyone will enjoy :)Love Special Moments.  Always friendly, professional, and serve excellent catered food.  Have had the opportunity to enjoy their delights at numerous events.  Always right on point.This location is close to where I live so I've used them a few times over the years. Today I was fed up with the sales tactics of another eye care center and randomly stopped in here to see if I could get some help figuring out my pupillary distance. I was greeted with friendly service and received my measurement with nothing expected in return. I'll definitely be coming back when I need my next eye exam.This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the valley.   There are always different and interesting choices on the buffet.  Try the sauces,  there's a coconut one, and the cucumber/yogurt one is the tastiest I've ever had.I've been here 10-15 times and always really enjoyed the food here.   Atmosphere, yeah right, there is none just good food. They open at 11:30 and I really wish they would open at least 30 min earlier.  I've sat in the parking lot drooling on myself waiting for them to open on several occasions.Wow. Just, wow. I've never had Indian food make me say that. Granted, I've only had it one other time, and it was pretty good. But this? Wow.It wasn't very busy when we arrived, so we were seated right away, and it really has the feel of a "Mom and Pop" restaurant. Very nice couple, and a comfortable laid back atmosphere. I'm glad I was with my sister because she knew more about the food than I do (but I'm learning!), and I decided on the curried shrimp, which came with rice and 4 different soups on the side. Sis gave me a bite of her Chicken Biryani, and that was pretty yummy too. SO MUCH FOOD! And it was all delish. I wanted to keep eating even though I was ready to burst. The price with the amount of food you get was surprising, I expected it to be much more than it was.I can't wait to go back, and I would not complain at all making the drive from east Gilbert! Wow!I've been going to Pasand on and off for the last 10 years. Simply put, this is some of the best Indian Cuisine in the Valley, particularly for take-out (I put it in a tie between Pasand, Delhi Palace, and Dhaba). Some of the lower-starred reviews below are not at all reflective of this place. The staff are very welcoming a friendly. The food is excellently prepared. The Tandoori Chicken (any anything else from the Tandoor for that matter) is way better than the competition. I'm also a huge fan of their house-made paneer (cheese) curries. Oh, and Pasand also offers South Indian specialties that you won't find elsewhere -- like dosas.I wrecked my car and was in a bad mood.  I brought my car to Master Tech Collision.  The body shop manager Jeremy,  was very professional and very understanding.  He explained how everything would work with the insurance company and the Body Shop.  He help me open up the claim with the insurance company and gave me a complimentary loaner car!!!!  Plus he helped me save $500 on my deductible.!!!!!What body shop does that these days? Thank you Master Tech Collision !! God blessThis shop is great in many ways. I am very picky with repairs to my vehicle. Paint job was flawless, all parts align perfectly.  The manager, and front desk staff are more than helpful, and professional. Picked up my car spotless as if nothing had happened to it! Thanks guys!I would like to thank master tech very much for solving my issue in a heartbeat without any stress. A few days ago I damaged my left mirror while backing out of my garage and left the mirror cracked and some pieces ended up being out of place. Once I requested assistance from Master Tech, they solved my problem immediately the very next day. And their service was very polite as well. I would highly recommend for you to choose Master Tech when it comes to any type of collision relating to your car. You definitely will not regret your decision.5 star Incredible Service! They paid my deductible of $1000.00. They went way over and beyond what was expected. Took the time to wash, wax, and polish my Prius before giving it to back to me. It looks better than when it was brand new.I was referred by a good friend and just wanted to say they did a fabulous job on my car!! Looks better then before the accident! I will recommend these guys to all my friends.This place is the absolute best! I did some small damage on my front bumper. They explained to me why it would be better if I did not file a claim with the insurance company. Then they gave me 50% off. It was the best estimate I got, it all cost me under $300! Very thankful for Jeremy for being able to get me a loaner car for 3 days, while they worked on mine. When I got my car back it was detailed so nicely inside and outside! I don't think my car has ever been in such good shape. I will always be taking my car here from now on! I highly recommend this placeLove this location! Great staff. Always helpful. Didn't really care about the long lines.I'm utterly baffled by the other reviews of Lakeview at the Bay.  It sounds like a completely different place than the one I've grown to love and appreciate in the year that my husband and I have lived here.  The landscaping is gorgeous, a mixture of natural rocks and a stream that runs through the whole place.  Ducks and other wildlife often frequent the lawns.  Lakeview boasts not one but two pools with two jacuzzis.  One pool is huge, resort size, while the other one is smaller but by no means tiny.  In the summer, people are often barbecuing on the available grills or hanging out by the pool.  Our apartment boasts a patio, washer/dryers in the unit, walk-in closets, and two bathrooms.  Our fireplace is cozy in the wintertime.  Any time we've had minor issues (we're talking the pilot light on the fireplace going out or a drawer breaking), the people at the office have sent someone out as soon as possible and communicated what they were doing.  Any time we've visited the office, we've been met with friendly faces and genuine help.  They always give our dog, Stella treats.  It's a small thing, but it makes us feel very welcome.  Like I said, I'm completely confused by the other reviews.  I'm not saying they aren't valid.  They are simply the opposite of the experience my husband and I have had.  Our area is quiet and low-key.  If I had any complaint, it's that my downstairs neighbour smokes on his patio and the smoke drifts up into our house.  Second-hand smoke is dangerous!  Other than that, there's nothing I could possibly say that's negative.  One day, we'll get a house, and it will be a sad day that we have to leave here because it's simply beautiful.  Any time my friends visit, they comment on how fabulous our place is.  I'm proud to live here!Reading through these reviews, it's as if these residents are talking about a different apartment complex. I moved in here with my BF a year ago (he was already here for 3 years) and we signed another year's lease.Keep in mind that there is an older part and a newer part.  The older part is East of the big pool, basketball court and fitness center.  I think that is the part referenced.  The apartments in the older section are a little smaller and appear to be more like hotel set up in some units.   Having said that, we have friends that live in the older part and since they are clean and neat people, they don't have issues with bugs.  Even our friend that lives right by the lake, which is an awesome view off her balcony by the way.We live by the "quiet" pool and love our view from the second level.  My BF, daily, quips that he loves our resort-style view as well as watching the moon rise through the palms.  Mind you, it isn't new resort-y like a new Mark Taylor, but the new Mark Taylor's don't have the mature trees, the streams throughout or the fireplaces.  We also like the diversity of residents, from college kids to retired folks with everything in between.  We love our proximity to services and food (walk across the street to Circle K, QT, decent fast food or pizza or the infamous Doc n Eddy's).About maintenance, big or small, it's addressed timely.  If they are super busy - it is a big complex - a reminder phone call may be necessary, but they attend to it.  Our fridge went out and they replaced it and even deducted from the rent for the food that spoiled.The only thing I have problems with is the gym equipment has been here since the apartments.  I've mentioned it a few times; they say it is on their list.  I just go to Planet Fitness for $10 a month on Southern and McClintock and all is good.Moved in earlier this year and so far we are comfortable here. The maintenance crew's kind and helpful and get the job done. Ellen and Mike are always friendly and understanding and my go-to if I have any issues. We have no real complaints about this place! Would recommend it to anyone - unless you hate ducks and cats roaming around(we love them)!Dr. Kim is a kind and talented healer.  He has helped me with chronic lower back pain in the past and most recently he helped me get relief for blocked inner tubes which resulted from a sinus infection.  I had been seeking help from my family physician for several weeks with no results, but Dr. Kim helped me find relief after only two sessions.  I leave his office feeling calm, energized and with a sense of well-being.  I have recommended him to all my friends and family.

...or just some good old Edinburgh Rock? The list seems endless and it's a tough decision as you're surrounded by tubs and tubs and of delicious sugar filled treats. Toddle In has such a great atmosphere, so much charm and the staff are really friendly too. It's very popular but very small so it can get quite cosy when you're waiting in the queue alongside other sweet toothed individuals - at least you're in good company!Now this is more like it. In an age when we're being bombarded by sinister trendy sweetshops, a proper, well established old caff selling boilings, granny sookers, and various other sugary treats that exist only within the pages of an Oor Wullie annual, is exactly what's in order.An honest little shop for people who go out and earn an honest day's pay, it's a reminder of when things made sense. The ice-cream is smashing, and the friendly old timers who work here are the final piece in the jigsaw.top notch.Strawberry Millions

Great service

The folks who work here are super friendly and obviously passionate about what they do. I was very happy with my selection and very pleased with the great customer service.Just had a great experience having baby photos taken. The photographer made some very nice photos. will deffinatly be back.Visiting family, we had a sitting with a new baby.  The photographer was excellent and patient.  The studio was cool (temperature wise), clean and professional.  You review your proofs in minutes and pick up picture the same day.  I ordered a collage and the photographer ran down all the packages, combos, and discounts based on what we were looking for so it was easy to figure out what to get, than trying to calculate which was the best deal in our heads.  I wish I could recall her name.  My sister has a membership and it seems like a beneficial program if you have a growing family and need professional pictures done throughout the coming years. Highly recommended *but go early and plan ahead if taking a small one. Earlier appointments, you tend to have the place to yourself.Great pictures! Very professional and take their time making sure you get the pose you will love. I went in today and Chris was the photographer. I have never been rushed in a photo session and boy he was the white rabbit from Alice in Wonderland. He could not wait to get us out of there. He did ask if there was any other pose I wanted and I said yes and told him. He said that he already got those... fine I won't push it then. He has been my only negative experience here.I have nothing bad to say about this place. My mom and I went to purchase a wedding gift for a friend and we were very pleased with the customer service, Jared was our first stop then we browsed around Arrowhead Mall and, of course, ended up where we started. A review below stated that they didn't like that they were selling teddy bears? I totally love that.They sell them for $12.99 and proceeds go to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. We, of course, purchased one. It's for a great cause. Not everyone is blessed with great health so why not contribute when you can, right? I will be back soon b/c I saw this white gold/yellow gold diamond cat necklace that I am ABSOLUTELY in love with!I bought my and my fiance's wedding rings online and it just so happened my fiance's ring was to big. I contacted customer service and they told me just to go to my local store. I was a little nervous to go into this store.  So we walk in and are immedialty approached with smiles. Our kids shoot off to the "awesome" little kids corner and we start to explain this mishap with the wrong size. We are then handed off to Vicky "I belive that was her name" She was awesome!!! Made us feel right at home, helped us find another gorgeous ring "since they didn't have the exact one in stock" didn't try to upsell me, push other rings or anything. Then David came to help us finish the paperwork and I have to admit because of him and Vicky I will be happy and not nervous to walk into this store and buy jewlery. I usually buy all mine online so I can skip the "friendly staff" but have to admit they made it so fun. Vicky offered us water, cleaned my engagment ring "without me asking or even knowing if I bought it at Jared's or not". YOUR STAFF GETS A THUMBS UP!!!!If you are in the business of buying a diamond look no further! Go into jared and ask for bonnie. She will make your dreams come true. I'm honestly amazed at the customer service here. . I go in with all kinds of concerns(being the unexperienced diamond buyer I am) and she answers all my questions and more. She goes beyond any other place we had looked! We had a lot of jewelry stores not take us serious due to our young age. In the end it really is all about customer service. You buy where you feel comfortable and when you have someone who knows exactly the styles your interested in.. Thank you bonnie for helping me find the engagement ring of my dreams We love jared and would recommend.We have known for quite some time that my both my engagement ring and wedding band (purchased from somewhere other than Jared) needed the prongs rebuilt. All of the other Jared locations recommended having that location send it to the Glendale location as that is where the laser specialist (not sure of official title) is located. Apparently he is one of the only ones in the state. We finally bit the bullet and made the long trek to Glendale, fully knowing it would be a costly endeavor. Luckily we were able to work with the diamond manager and the laser specialist to discuss repair options. The manager made me feel very at ease with leaving the ring with them and about the repair plans. We opted to have the problem prongs rebuilt and at the suggestion of the specialist, solder the two rings together. They stated it would take about two weeks and a little under two weeks later we got the call that the ring was ready to be picked up.They did a fantastic job. We were worried that with the rebuilt prongs my ring wouldn't look like my ring but the changes are very subtle and unnoticeable. The diamonds are more "stable" now and I don't worry about losing them anymore. By soldering the two rings together, they no longer "clang" against each other (which was contributing to my loose diamonds before).The customer service we received here made all of the difference in the world. I would definitely recommend going directly to this store for any needed repairs (rather than sending it through another location).My wife is actually writing this review. I went in to add a link to an already owned watch. They were extremely helpful and took care of it in a jiffy. While waiting for the few minutes for the repair I spotted a Michele watch that I have been eying for the past few years. The Sales Associate Amber Duncan helped me try it on. The GREAT news is the watch was being discontinued and had a price discount bringing it down to 2/3 of the original price. No pressure at all and Amber held it for me to think it over. Two days later after checking prices and availability I went back and bought it. Love the watch - thanks Amber for great service.Love the people here at Jared. They are so helpful and do a good job of explaining different materials and prices. My boyfriend (now fiancé) bought me a promise ring here about 1 year and a half ago and we went to go look at engagement rings a few weeks ago and luckily for us Jared trades in jewelry that you've previously purchased to go towards the new purchase. I loved that! Helped with expenses and once I got an engagement ring I wouldn't need my promise ring so it worked out great. They also had a rewards certificate promotion so we got that with the engagement ring purchase. We also bought his wedding band here and had a great experience purchasing that. We love the service we receive every time we walk in and are not pressured to buy or spend tons of money.I've made purchases from this exact location for around 18 years now. This includes engagement ring, wedding ring, 10 year ring, and various holiday purchases. I have never had a bad experience. I notice many of the same people working at the location which is usually a sign of good employee moral.

Die Dessertkarte ist ruhig und preislich überaus fair gehalten, viele geschmacklich anregende Sorbets, aufgefüllt mit dem Brand. Herausragend jedoch die alte, ewig jugendliche Creme Brulee. lauwarm und in außergewöhnlich sahniger Zubereitung, auf den Punkt karamelisiert und leicht geziert mit frischem Obst und einem Sorbet aus Apfel- und Birnenmus: Chapeau. Der Kaffee wird traditionsgemäß von frischem, selbstgebackenen Schoko-Rührkuchen begleitet. Ein würdiger Abschluß.



A great space to enjoy an afternoon.It was a raining Wednesday and came in by chance on a visit in Montreal. The owners were very welcoming and friendly. The food and drinks were reasonable.Great place. The staff and owner are extremely friendly and knowledgeable. The coffee and tea are excellent, and they also have an assortment of pastries and hot food. There is also a room below the café where there are occasional music performances. Highly highly recommended.Things I love about Thrifty Joe's: 

 and also the Foie-gras stuffed free-range quail with mashed potatoes: I've never been a big fan of quail, but this quail, however small pieces, were really tasty and the foie gras complemented the quail taste very well.Dessert: My hubby and I asked for one big main dessert instead of the two little ones that were on the menu. Our waiter hooked us up with one huge dessert that was the best chocolate coated and covered dessert I've ever tasted as well as the Pecan cake topped with fresh apples. We also watched as the lady next to us at the bar ordered a red ball with gold foil on top, with ice cream inside. After putting hot sauce over the whole thing, the sauce would melt the red ball to expose the creamy ice  cream inside. It looked delicious as well. We ended our meal with a nice hot cup of cappucino for me and a latte for my hubby. Overall, I would go to another Joel Robuchon restaurant again. Coming to this restaurant, made me a big fan of his cuisine. Worth every penny of it!Food: We ordered the Langoustine Fritters, Wagyu Steak, Foie Gras-Stuffed Quail, and Le Chocolat dessert, and they were all exceptional; but the fritters and chocolate dessert were my favorites. I could write another paragraph about how good these dishes were, but that would bore you; so just take my word for it.Service: The waiter addressed me by name, and was very friendly and courteous. Also, we were served a special platter with six different dessert tarts and "Happy Anniversary" written on the front. +5 bonus points for that :)Ambience: They specialize in counter-top seating over-looking the kitchen. It was actually very interesting to see the sous chefs painstakingly place every leaf and flower into the salad bowl with tweezers. It was really nice to have something to watch to fill in those moments of silence.If I could give 10 stars, I'd give it. This is hands down, one of the best meals that I've had in a long time. Every single dish was absolutely PERFECT. Our waiter, Eric, was amazing and was very attentive, but not crowding.I had 5 course tasting menu and husband had 3 course tasting menu.  Absolutely best meal I've ever had and service spot on.  Amuse Bouche was unbelievably good but who doesn't like fois gras?  Had John Dory instead of lamb.  Wonderful cheese course...American goat and cow plus French sheep.  Mussels veloute soup so smooth and croutons so tasty.  Potatoes were 50% great butter & they melted on your tongue.  5 tart slices for dessert.  Unbelievable chocolate in 2 of the tarts....melts in your mouth and pops so much flavor.The ambiance accentuated the fine food and the people that enjoy it.Did the tasting discovery menu, was outstanding. standouts were the onion tart (maybe I should have done the white truffle supplement but it was awesome as is) and the oysters poached in echiere butter.  The orange dessert they had was out of this world. Very consistent, great service. Changed silverware after every course, very quickly.  next time I may order off the menu though.SOLO DINERS, REJOICE!Are you (or will you be) alone in Vegas and wish you had someone to share that gourmet tasting experience with, but not ready to call an escort service?L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in the MGM Grand is a wonderful answer. This exceptional restaurant is designed for interaction with the chef and his kitchen and serving staff as they perform culinary magic in their beautiful open kitchen, as well as with fellow diners seated at the counter.Whether you choose one of the tasting menus or pick and choose from the a la carte offerings, the offerings are extraordinary, adventuresome and delectable, each dish presented as artfully as it has been prepared. For me, last night's Lobster Fricassee was to die for, as was my snapper starter, and all of us within earshot of each other waxed poetic over the potato accompaniment! And dessert? Simply not to be missed. The wine list also will delight solo diners, with a large offering of splits and wines by the glass.All in all, dining to rival the best entertainment on The Strip!Still wonderful - we've been here once before a couple years ago for the more-or-less full treatment, but always wanted to come back.  Had our chance when plans at another place in the MGM fell through ( closed for renovation, what?? ), and we wandered up to the front desk near opening time and inquired if they had a spot - just for a couple drinks and a couple dishes.They are not really that sort of place - reservations seem derigeur - but after momentary hesitation, they found us a seat at the bar.  Not the kitchen bar which takes up most of the restaurant, but the *actual* bar - almost unnoticed, right by the restrooms, about four seats in front of which they produce the cocktails.The bar guy was friendly, if a little gruff at first.  The drinks were well made.  The food ( we concentrated on foie dishes ) was amazing as usual, even if we didn't quite see it being made this time.This remains in my opinion one of the highest quality semi-casual fine dining establishements in Las Vegas - and definitely still an unique experience.Upon my second trip to L'Atelier, it has been concreted as my favorite restaurant in the world. Mind you, I haven't been everywhere, but I'm confident this is where the bar is set. I love sitting at the bar and interacting with the guys behind the scenes.  Each dish that comes out from the tasting menu is magnificent.  I mean it.  Every.  Dish.  With every plate that came out, my friend just gave me this incredulous look and exclaimed that was the best he'd eaten.  Until the next dish arrived.  In addition to the seasonal tasting menu, we added the Iberico jamon to the experience.  Aggressive adding an 11th dish -- but SO worth it. Executive Chef Steve came out to see how we were doing during this dish and even remembered me from the year prior! The service is unparalleled. They're even good sports about taking photos of all the dishes. Including the wine pairings.  They take the time to describe each menu item and will answer any question you have.  You can tell that they take pride in their product.  As I understand it, they go through 3 months of training before they work here. As my friend put it, you can tell they legitimately love their food.  One of the guys, Sunday, told us that they're incentivized to not only enjoy the dishes themselves but to go to the gym.  COST

-Enoki Mushroom with Bacon

The education at Saint Gabriel is unparalleled and the children are given so many opportunities to shine. Several students even took home ribbons from the UNLV science fair! 

Like I said, everything we had was delicious and I guarantee this little gem would not be shunned back home.  There are LCD televisions in every corner and they'll put on whatever game you'd like to watch.  It's chilly now, but during the nicer months you can enjoy your feast outside on picnic benches under a covered patio.  It's in the middle of nowhere, (24th street and Broadway) we nearly missed it, but they are opening a second location in Scottsdale sometime in January 2012.  I think I'll still head out to this one, though, as I can't really see myself eating barbecue around the Scottsdale crowd.  They close early (7 pm) so don't waste daytime.  

* Scheduled classes nearly all day long

me understand about hunnies,hook ups etc. I got a great 1st

- Very kind, creative team who were great with a lot of children and adults

We thoroughly enjoyed the calamari. Incredibly tender and seasoned perfectly. 

We walked in and someone yelled from the back "I'll be right there" and quickly came out to greet us. I explained the situation to Donovan and he said they had a free diagnosis and said to check back at 3:15. I called to check in and spoke with Grant, who said they had already fixed my phone....which I wasn't expecting. I explained to Grant that I wanted to know how much it would cost prior to the fix so I could decide if I wanted to repair it or not (since we already put $ into the phone the week before). Grant understood and worked me on the pricing, which I really appreciate. 

1 garlic chicken plate.

Soup - Tom yum (the one with shrimp) 

*Chicken Tikka Masala 

Chicago style pizza was very good. Has pepperoni and meatballs and was heavy (as it should be!). 

-ribeye over pasta

Drinks 

that there is less cheese or is completely substituted for healthier black beans;  or the chimichanga converted as a fresh burrito instead of it deep-fried. etc....we love it !!  It's a healthy alternative. Thanks Arriba's for being an asset to the community. And for continuous loyalty in satisfying our palate with all the love and flavors of Old Mexico.Lets begin with cleanliness, the restaurant floors and bathrooms were immaculate. Upon arriving for a late dinner on Saturday night, the place appeared empty.  We had a large party and were seated promptly with a minimum wait. The regular salsa is delicious but the spicy salsa is best. However, todays spicy salsa was a bit heavy on the garlic.  After mixing the regular salsa and the chunky salsa in a bowl I was able to get the perfect salsa .  This restaurant is New Mexico flavor style place with plenty of dishes to satisfy your pallet.  I chose the Rio Grande Enchilada plate with adobada meat which is essentially seasoned spicy shredded pork.  They come with refried beans and rice. The enchiladas are topped with a cheese sauce that is to die for... 5 stars.

The scratches, the chips, even an area on my lower front bumper where paint was non existent! It's all fixed. Ramsey you performed an amazing transformation to the existing paint on my car. It's beautiful again! Thank you!!I had scratched up my car pretty badly by grazing the side of my tight garage on more than one occasion!  Ramsey made those scratches completely disappear.  He also fixed up other chips and dings to make them hardly noticeable.  I was very pleased!  And I loved that it is a mobile service and he was able to come to my work place to make it even more convenient for me!I can not believe this was my car that's what a fabulous job they doWow!!!  You just saved me hundreds of dollars that I would have had to spend on just getting my bumper repaired.  I had a pretty bad scuff that looks like new.  The entire car was repaired of chips, scratches and rock dings;  It looks GREAT.I would definitely recommend and will not hesitate to use this service again.Thank you again!Excellent work.  Had a few rock chips on my hood that I wanted to get taken care of (Lexus GS300).  Local paint and body places were quoting 700-2000 and saying I needed to repaint the whole front clip of my car.  The paint is in excellent condition, I was not interested in the re-paint if possible.Saw a deal on Miracle Touch and figured why not? - if it goes bad I have to repaint anyway.  Well I was really impressed how detailed the repair was.  Most of the chips are now invisible unless you get very close.  Just looks amazing.Did not even realize I had a few other spots, but they got taken care of at the same time.  Could not be happier with the work or the attention to detail.Would absolutely have them out again.Great job! Very fast and did the trick, my daughter had 2 horrible scratches on the hood of her car. Ramsay said he'd probably be able to get 80% buffed out. He was able to get 100%!! Looks As good as new!!!!Getting ready to sell my car, and want to get best price possible. Saw Miracle Touch on Groupon, but failed to buy. Called Ramsey he quoted me Groupon price.

Plan on spending some time here - They want you to stay relax and enjoy.

The only "problem" we had at Wynn was that we had pressed the SERVICE ROOM button in the morning around 9am but the room ended up not being serviced all day. We called right before we were leaving for dinner and show to get the room serviced and when we came back the room was turned down very nicely. There were chocolates, water bottles, and everything cleaned and organized perfectly. 

-Crab: definitely get it steamed! So much easier to remove it from the shell and had a better taste.Other:

Rooms are decent sized, clean and well appointed.

service was great alsoThis is probably one of my favorite dim sum places to go in Vegas. Service is excellent, better then other dim sum places I been too. Waiters make sure you have a full set of tea or water. Servers that handle the carts are polite and give you suggestions and choices to pick. They always have a smile when they serve you. The food is delicious! They come in bigger portions then others. I always get there spare ribs and shaomai because it's delicious! And for dessert sometimes I get there coconut bread. Yummy!  And prices isn't that bad either. 

Great service,great food,thank you!Good food. Service was quick. Being Indian I look for a place with good flavor not here for the atmosphere but food is pretty great!My husband and I absolutely LOVE Indian food and we eat out quite frequently. We found Mount Everest via a Groupon we had purchased. It wasn't too far from home so we made an evening out of it. At first we found it interesting how the restaurant seemed like a renovated Burger King but that didn't matter as at least the building was being re-used instead of sitting empty or knocked down.We were taken aback by how wonderful the food was. The Lamb Saag, Chicken Vindaloo & a vegetable dish is always our main staple. Every time we go in the owner (I think it's the owner) Prakash greats us and recognizes us. It's very nice to know he cares about his guests and treats them with respect and makes us feel special.We've tried several other Indian establishments, and although they are good and offer a nice experience we always seem to compare them to Mt. Everest. I guess when the bar has been set high it's hard for others to compete with quality. Well done Mt. Everest, you have loyal guests for life.New in Nevada, and my girlfriend took me here. Never had India's cuisine food and OMG let me tell you it was amazing. I completely fell in love with the chicken Makhani and garlic chili Naan so delicious. I highly recommend this spot! Service was great and friendly and the price was very reasonable.Best Indian food I have ever had. Los Angeles, San Diego, Philadelphia, Atlanta, Nashville, Memphis, D.C... This place is truly legit. Chicken tikka masala, vegetable korma, garlic naan. Amazing.As a vegetarian who's with non-vegetarians all of the time, it's really hard to find great restaurants where you have a few or more intriguing options on the menu. As far as Vegas is concerned, this place is the best!! The 5 stars is for a combination of great quality food at a very decent price brought to you with amazing service. I always feel welcome here and have been recognized and acknowledged by only coming once. After they meet you the first time, they remember you and treat you like a friend. I am so grateful I was referred here by my boss who is from Pakistan and recognizes good Indian food.My family and I visited LV in end March. We had a craving for good Indian food but could not find anything fair and decent on the Strip. We ventured out a bit and landed at Mt. Everest. The decor was good and inviting and we ordered about 6 items. Given that I travel quite a bit, I have tried a lot of Indian food in several cities. The food here was OUTSTANDING and I can say with good confidence that this was one of the best Indian food I have had in the US. The chicken was nice and succulent and the gravy had just the right mix of spices. The naan was perfect and the vegetarian dishes were excellent. I will surely come back here on my next visit to LV.Our New Favorite Indian Restaurant in Las Vegas.We are SO glad we read the positive reviews.  While we can't comment on the buffet, we can say that dinner there was superb.  We started with the complementary papadum.  The mint sauce it came with was thick and spicier than we're used to, which we preferred, and the tamarind was just right.  For an appetizer, we ordered the keema samosas, which are filled with ground lamb, peas and spices.  They were so flavorful.  The shell was crispy, and wasn't covered in salt like we've had at other places, and they were as filled as they could have been.  We ordered 3 plates, which was enough for the two of us to take half home for the next day.  The sauce on the chicken tikka was better than we had in restaurants in London's Brick Lane.  We ordered it at spiciness level 6, and were pleased that it wasn't as diluted with cream as we've had elsewhere.  The lamb vindaloo (level 7) was great.  The lamb was lean, and there was plenty of it.  Nice to find lamb with potatoes, instead of potatoes with lamb.  Sometimes, all we taste is the heat and salt, but this vindaloo was layered with flavors.  Our third plate was baingan bharta.  It was delicious, with complex subtle flavors.  We enjoyed mango lassi with our meal (and took home 2 to have the next day with our left-overs).  They were so thick that our glasses were filled to the brim and the waiter didn't spill a drop.  The service was very attentive, friendly, and professional, without being overwhelming.  We loved that they were playing Indian music - it made a pleasing background, and didn't drown out our conversation.  Even though it's not in the best of neighborhoods, we felt safe.  Our only negative comment is that they use Styrofoam take-out containers, which aren't eco-friendly.  We will definitely be returning soon.Craving Indian food and my husband and I stopped in for the lunch buffet. They had great variety and delicious naan!  We are counting down the days until we get to go back! Good prices.

 Desire to get a tattoo after eating at Chuck's                                                                

The owner, Jeff Gabriel showed up and identified the problem in about 1 minute.  When he found out the part would take 2 weeks to arrive, he called the office and found us a laundromat nearby!THEN....when I mentioned my ice maker was not dispensing ice due to a stripped gear, he said "lets take a look" and had it fixed in under 5 minutes!!!Very polite and professional...ON TIME...EASY scheduling and very fair price! I would highly recommend them for ANY small appliance repair!

Pretty much every time I am in they have 4 barbers working hard.  

My wife kept it light and just got a chicken Caesar salad and loved it.  I had the veal parmesan and loved it.  Everyone was so impressed with each of their entrees, we were sharing bites from across the table for an hour.

I've been coming here since it opened and this is the first time I am yelping about madhouse coffee because they definitely deserve itThis is a cool place too study. 

The prices are reasonable, and the people were so nice and friendly!!  I recommend this place, i'll be back!!!Went here with my girlfriend for 3 days straight now, food is amazing with unlimited creation combinations. Not only is the food worth driving across town for, but the staff is extremely nice with a manager who is very orientated with pleasing his customers. By far best pizza in AZ!Fast service, great pizza. Can't complain. Got the Steak and Blue Pizza and really enjoyed it. From entering to leaving, probably was here for 30 minutes and I was dining in! I would probably eat here again. Service was great!I've gone here multiple times and have loved it every time!!! I usually get the gluten-free crust which is a little bit extra, but worth it for the unlimited toppings at no extra charge. I HIGHLY recommend this place for anyone who loves thin crust pizza, and loves lots of toppings!!!

Followed with fresh Pasta Primavera. Don't forget

Most of the bartista's are stellar, but expect to wait for your specialty drinks, not only because they are almost always busy, but also because making kick ass coffee drinks takes time.

Dutch Bros. is not your typical commercial coffee house like Starbucks or has the ambiance of a "granola-hippie" mom/pop coffee house, with live musical acts. This is just a simple, no-frills, cute little hut with a drive-thru and a walk-up service window. They do offer outdoor patio tables. 

i rarely leave reviews, but i was impressed with the service. my remote didnt work so i called them to get a replacement. they showed up on time and programmed the remote in a minuet. the tech took time to lube up the whole door and tightened the spring and the motor.(he said it is free and there is no charge).

Closed off the meal with some red bean ice cream. 

The decor is simple and the restaurant is super small! But no need for fancy decor when the food is rockin. It is family owned, and we overheard a server talking about how her mom is the chef there. I love places like that! People working there were nice and showed a passion for the food.

We walked in and noticed the decor was friendly.

- Eggs Benedict.

Recomended for everyone!Seriously good.  I go there after watching soccer games at the "Crown & Anchor Pub" across the parking lot, and I always love it.  Reasonable price ($18.99 for dinner or on weekends, even less for lunch) and the food is good.  And of course, it's all you can eat, (beef, chicken, seafood, pork, bacon, tofu, other stuff) and I love cooking the food in front of us.  The staff is polite and attentive, during a slow period my last time there the hostess came to our table and started cooking our food for us, and when I noted I like spicy chicken, she popped out and back in again with some jalapenos to cook along with the chicken.  In short, they work hard.  Might not be as good a place for vegetarians, while they do have some vegetable items and tofu, my wife is a vegetarian and found very little she wanted to eat.  But as a carnivore, I could eat here every meal and die happy.  Definitely recommend.I tried the Kalbi and Bulgogi, it was yummy! We couldn't believe how soft the meat was even after we burnt it! Haha! The vegetables were all fresh. I really enjoy the sliced daikon and Kim Chee! Also the staff was very nice and "on it", we never had to ask for anything! Then after we stuffed ourselves, there was still room for dessert! They have this liquid thing that looks like watered down honey! Try it! It taste like ginger and cinnamon! It was so good, I had seconds and thirds of that! It's suppose to cleanse your palette. So basically, it's like green tea for Japanese food. But it's served cold and so much better! In fact I'm gonna go to Chinatown today and see if anywhere sells it, it was that good! Now I can say I finally ate at that place with the sign, U cook, U eat! It was bomb! Better and cheaper than Sura down the road! This is now our place to eat Korean food!Went back almost 2 years later.... Still Amazing.We tried it on a recommendation of Best Foot Massage, who live up to their name. The dinner is actually very reasonably priced. The grill is in the middle of the table, and you cook your raw meats and veggies yourself. They have really good quality meats, not the tough stuff you have to chew over and over on just to be able to swallow it. Dinner was $19.95 for all you can eat, and that includes beef, chicken, pork, seafood with the sides. It was a great experience, I highly recommend it.This place has a huge variety of super yummy marinated meats, soups and even a fast food style section for the less adventurous. 

A slice of cheese pizza for 2.50$Ordered delivery. Fast, on time, and the guy was extra patient as I couldn't find my wallet. The pizza was very delicious. I got the veggie delight. The crust was thin and baked to perfection. I like the quality over other veggie pizzas from joints in the area, their sauce wasn't caked on. Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our pizza and will be returning.Absolutely fantastic! The crust was light and thin but not too crisp. The New York style cheesecake is fantastic too!Jalapeno cilantro hummus is a must tryI am so excited to have a place like this to call home now on the west side.  To start off the atmosphere is amazing. The decor of the place just sets it off for a fun and relaxing time.  I know it's only been open a week but the staff is rocking it out concidering it was soft opening all week. The food is amazing all made from in house so it's fresh everytime. I had the Beef Dip and OMG it's the best one I have ever had. They now have 6 beers to choose from which are all pretty tasty, I had a beer flight and tried them all. (Chasing Tail amber ale) is my fav. I definitely will be going back alot to hang out and bring my friends.We went Friday night for the grand opening. The food was excellent beer was good and the atmosphere was terrific.My hubby and I went in this afternoon for lunch.  Amazing!  We got the flight of beer so we could taste them all.  My husband got the 'Purist' Pastrami and I got the Triple B (burger, bacon and BBQ).  Of course we shared and it was so delicious.The Pastrami was out of this world.  It did not have any one flavor that over powered the sandwich.  It blended so nicely.  The triple B.....oh my!  Huge beef patty, loads of bacon and it wasn't drowned in the BBQ.  Definitely the best burger I have ever had.  Same goes for the Pastrami, it was perfect.The Hostess was very pleasant and patient as we were looking for a good seat that accommodated the best visual for the football game.  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  Definitely coming back to this place.  Loved the decor.  It was simple, inviting and had the vintage feel.  Over all best place in the West Valley.Brand new to town. Our very own micro brewery. Hookah!!  An aviation theme but from the 1940's so if you love beer and flying but not the fed's this is the place for you. Music at the moment is great. Pink Floyd, The Eagles, George Harrison etc but that just mean I'm getting old. The atmosphere is laid back and relaxed and family friendly. Here's hoping they do well. Good luck guys.Awesome food and great beer. I am a hombrewer and they love to talk about their beer, if you have a question they are more than eager to grab a brewer to ask questions. My new go to in the west valley for a restaurant!Okay was going to try and be cute (I said try) and make a picture that read I don't always drink beer but when I do I do it at Saddle Mountain Brewing Company. But not only am I not cute but apparently I have no usable skills either. But to all of the people on my face book page if you are looking for some great food, great beer and some good music visit Saddle Mountain Brewing Company and if you are not looking for the above mentioned go there any way and support your local Brewery.I'll start by saying that I'm a beer snob! I've brewed my own beer for years and I know a good beer when I get one and the SMBC Oatmeal Stout is a very good beer! My wife and I both had the stout and we both had the fish and chips. It's the best fish and chips I've had in AZ! Very good! 

-pork tenderloin (to be fair, i'm not a huge pork guy but I just wasn't as wowed as others have been with this)For the entrees, you MUST try:

meals with your party. The top food choices to order

Masala Dosa

They also rent tables and lots of gorgeous decor items.Two thumbs up & five stars!My fiancé and I rented tables for our wedding from Desert Aisles. I thought I would be able to fit them into my Jeep but unfortunately they were too big. James offered to load them into his truck and drop them off at our venue and pick them up the day after our wedding. This took a lot of stress off my fiancé and I. I would recommend them to anyone.Wonderful little beauty boutique, very reasonably priced with a great selection of Korean products. If you want lashes, contacts, creams, masks, cosmetics or are looking for any other Asian beauty product, check here first before buying online. Their items are competitively priced and their staff is very helpful. I happily stumbled upon this store on a recent trip down Ste Catherine. I'd highly recommend the Laneige Water Sleeping Pack - it's gel moisturizer you apply before bed that leaves your skin plump and soft by the time your alarm goes off. Looking forward to trying some other new items on my next trip back!I love love love this place!!! It's a girls dream place for any cosmetics you need . The location is smack in the centre of downtown core Montreal on st catherines street. It has a beautiful interior decor to please every Girly girl out there. As soon as you step inside the store, you see pink walls pink everything ahhhh soo glamourous. 

But, if you need something fixed right the first time this is the place.Marks Luggage, you are my most favorite always. My second vehicle is my luggage.

The place is very colorful with lots of fun custom decor as well.

Great food and great service!!!!Absolutely love this place. The food is top notch quality at a lower price than other Japanese steakhouses such as Saga or Nakama. I wouldn't put it on the same level as Benihana in terms of experience but its great. Everything on the menu has fresh ingredients and no matter what protein you order, its gonna be a good cut of meat. The chicken is tender, lightly fried and and doesn't get stringy like the cheap meat that most places use. Haven't had their hibachi yet but their regular menu is perfect for what I want. Anyone looking for a high quality but really delicious meal should order chicken fried rice with a side of the shrimp sauce. Its not cheap but you'll want to eat it everyday. I can't wait to come back.Really good hibachi dinner. I got the chicken and my husband got steak and shrimp. It included soup, salad, fried rice, and vegetables. Everything was perfect!We had such a lovely couples dinner last night at Silk Road. We've heard great reviews from friends and online so I've been dying to try. First, the staff at SR is so welcoming and friendly, I almost felt like I was with family. Their menu is quite extensive and fairly priced. We ordered a variety of options and no one was disappointed. Appetizers came out in perfect sequence and no one felt rushed between apps and dinners. Waters were also constantly refilled. Lots of leftovers so we can continue to enjoy our meals. I can't wait to go back and try more!Nice sit-down Chinese. the food has always been good- even lunch is enough for two meals. Chicken is good white meat- hard to find in Pittsburgh Chinese! Service is always friendly and attentive. I've never had hibachi here but it is an option.Went again tonight and tried the pineapple beef. Awesome! Actual slices and chunks of beef- not cheap meat like you'd find at a Chinese delivery place. Lo Mein would've filled 4 plates if we made it that far.This place is pretty awesome ! They have anything you can ask for. Vitamins, minerals, healthy based supplements. Very helpful and knowledgable doctors !I had been told to go to see Dr Winer by a friend for years. I was very married to " the medical model."  However, I also had an open mind regarding " alternative" practices.  

I just payed his fee 49.99 and send him the citation number and that' all, few days after and everything was taking care of.

great customer service!Safe for my animals (dog and chickens) and works.  A bit of a challenge to schedule, but then they were here within the agreed upon time frame and, as had been my prior experience, the stuff works.  The last irrigation seemed to have brought in some roaches...major yuck factor.  Within a few hours, I found a few dead roaches...which is what I want!  As well, the heat seems to bring sugar ants and I have faith that they will go away.  I had used Ladybug at my prior house and they have always been pet safe - and with free-range chickens and a dog, that's very important.I have known the owner, and this company for a long time, they are amazing! 

$70 shave. $80 haircut.  $150 just doesn't make sense.  Vinnie is a good guy though.Who knew pink hair would be so much maintenance? I laugh and tell people I'm like Ivanna Trump getting her hair done every six weeks.  Luckily I found the Paul Mitchell school and they do bright colors.  Some salons and schools don't.  The absolute best treatment which I gave them the five stars for, was they conditioned my hair twice.  Before they even started, they conditioned my hair and put me under the dryer for 10 minutes.  Then they bleached my hair and conditioned me again.  I was very impressed, no salon has ever done that.  After they finished the whole process, they put a sealant on my hair.  It worked wonders on keeping my color fresh!!!My hair turned out great, the instructors are there to supervise without hovering.  The only pitfalls and it's not for everyone, it is really a school, so they are loud, yelling role call,  teaching, more students than visiting clients and it takes a long time.  So if you want to save some dough and get your hair colored and you have the time, I'm all for Paul Mitchell, The School Charlotte.Great job!  My hair color is really lasting.  

We had two other Malaysian restaurants before Island Malaysian, which was originally called "Penang Rest". All great except this is the only one that sticks around...so guess that speaks a lot in itself? 

The main dish is a sort of pasta(I forgot the name), it got the right amount of chewiness, along with the shrimps, pine nuts and the wine, it was superb!The only regret I had was I didn't have their dessert, I bet it must be good as well.O.M.G. this place is the real deal! So chic and lovely. And the food, oh the food! I had the oxtail pasta. Wow, just wow. So supple and tender. My date had the veal and according to him it was delicious. We ended with the flan and tiramisu. DELISH!!! This place is not cheap but it is definitely worth it. Just. Go.Finally made it!!!!! Used to watch Stefano's show religiously and have been successful with so many of his recipes. His restaurant, as expected, did not disappoint. Beef tartar and Nono's Porketta were highlights. Sunny ginger drink was so refreshing. And the service was top notch too!!!! Ben was charming and delightful. We will be sure to return soon!Took my family to Impasto for a special occasion and I had high expectations but was still very impressed by almost everything.

Crepes - crepe was soft and had a nice flavor by itself.  Had some chocolate and riccotta and chopped pistachios on top.  Really nice.

- usually empty; I didn't have to wait for any gym equipment or machines

- It's the oldest hotel/casino because it opened in 1906 and even the Rat Pack used to hang out here.  

Fun hotel.One of the best hotel resort I have ever stayed at in the world!!!

This place will become a regular for me!I loved this boulangerie. The bread it's delicious! Super fresh and crispy. The service is very kind, here you can feel very comfortable, you have the view of a whole corner in a such cute neighborhood and this combination with relaxed ambiance it's a pleasure. Try the chocolatine with framboise ; ) one of my favorites!Probablement une de mes boulangeries préférée du quartier, à peine la porte passé on est accueilli par la délicieuse odeur qui émane du four !Un pain goûteux et peu onéreux, que demande le peuple !I had two meals from Le Pain dans les Voiles on my recent trip to Montreal. The first I was just looking for something for a late lunch to tide me over until dinner. I got the amazing item photographed - thin pastry with some cheese (I think), tomato and fresh basil. Really wonderful and edible cold. Then, on my last morning in town, we got pastries for breakfast. An easy walk from my cousin's place that I stumbled upon the first time because of Yelp and know it is a neighborhood favorite. Friendly staff and tolerant of my extremely limited French conversation skills :)You know you are in for a treat when you enter a bakery and are bombarded with the smells of freshly baked bread.  This is what a visit to Le Pain dans les Voiles is like.  The bakery is a short walk away from the Jean Talon markey and is well worth the detour.  There may be lines but they handle them well so things tend to move along fairly quickly.  In addition to that the staff here are very pleasant and serve you with a smile.  Their selection is awesome and it is difficult to narrow down your selection.  I picked up some toast bread and croissants to take home.  Everything was super fresh and exceptionally delicious.  The Yelp ratings for this place are spot on.  My first visit here was awesome and I will definitely be back to try more of their offerings.This restaurant will give you the best high tea experience in your life. This is not an exaggeration If you are looking for delicious tea, fresh home made sandwiches, amazing sweets, out of this world home made scones in the most beautiful setting you can imagine; you must come here. The tea is the best I've ever tested; it's delicious and originally made just for this restaurant. The variety of teas available to choose from it's also very impressive.  And they allow you to choose as many teas as you would like to try with your food. The sandwiches and salads were out of this world delicious. Everything is made from scratch at this restaurant and you can really tell the difference from any other high tea place. The sweets tray is also super unique and scrumptious. The scones were light and perfectly baked. The setting is a gorgeous beautifully renovated library next to the Parliament. And then there is the service, so outstanding. Everyone is extremely attentive and friendly. I had Carolina and Francisco as our servers and they made my experience very special. Again this place is a must for any tea lover and discerning food critic. I highly recommend  it.I love going for afternoon tea but if you are looking for a seriously indulgent afternoon tea experience, you need to visit Colonnades. It is seriously impressive. Set within the beautiful Signet library, you are served up a four course afternoon tea in the most beautiful surroundings. None of the tables are too close to each other and everything is beautiful - you are made to feel very special and treated to a little bit of luxury. Two waiters attended to us during our visit. We booked the afternoon tea online which was £25.00 each (it is usually £30.00) and on arrival, we found out that this included UNLIMITED TEA. You could literally try as many different pots of tea as you like (and they encourage you to do so and be creative!). And if you are not a a tea lover, this also includes coffee and hot chocolate. The first course was a small cup of onion & thyme soup. I thought this sounded a little strange, but wow - it was one of the best things I have ever tasted! Creamy, delcious and the perfect portion size. The savoury stand arrived next with plenty of amazing treats to choose from. Think that beetroot meringue doesn't work? THINK AGAIN! It was so beautiful and the small beef wellingtons were equally as tasty. There was also a gorgeous savoury cheesecake topped with pesto which I could have eaten all day. Again, portion control was perfect!The sweet stand was what my friend and I were eagerly waiting on and we were not disappointed. An éclair that tastes of parma violets?! It happened! There was a beautiful champagne jelly that was just melt in the mouth. There was far too much and our waiter very kindly agreed to box up my leftover treats to I could take them home. And they didn't just come in a simple box - they were boxed and placed in a lovely reusable bag making them so easy to carry around. PERFECT! And finally, the experience was ended with a lovely lemon sorbet that cleansed the pallet and just rounded off a beautiful afternoon. Offering me unlimited tea probably isn't the best thing to do. I tried the Signet Blend which was beautiful and very much like a strong version of Tetley. The Jasmine tea was really nice too. I wanted to try more tea but I was literally full which is a pity. All of the teas are served in gorgeous teapots with separate strainers which I did want to take home with me - everything was so beautiful!! At the surrounding tables, couples were enjoying a romantic afternoon tea and families were celebrating milestone birthdays. I completely understand why they chose to visit Colonnades. The staff do an exceptional job and nothing is too much trouble. If there was a way to give 6 stars, I would immediately! I cannot wait to visit Colonnades again.There was definitely a buzz in here tonight!  It was great to be able to experience the new Fate South with my family.   I'm not one for long reviews, so here are a few highlights:1) Amazing beer (yes, their beer up North has always been great). (I had Fate*Ality IPA and an Export Stout and my wife had the Oh My Gatos! Golden Ale).

Valet...fast and courteous. Self Parking is a nightmare because of where it's located. If you self park you've got to walk a through the Mile of Shops to get to the front desk. I would HIGHLY recommend the valet parking. If traveling with someone in need of handicap parking, valet is your only option.  

The food is over the top.  The burgers are huge (even the little ones) and the fries are HEAPING.  A little fry goes a long way for my 8 year old and me.  You can add any topping you want and it's all included.  And it's all made fresh in front of you.  If you are comparing In-N-Out, there's no comparison, this place is soooooo much better; quality, quantity, and absolutely the service blows them away.

 Die Speisen und Getränke sind wahrhaftig wie in jedem HRC auf der Welt, braucht man glaube ich kein Wort darüber zu verlieren.

SAVE EL TORITO!!!!!!  

Putting off the inevitable cab ride / walk  'o shame, despite your best efforts to assure her you'll call.Then something comes out of her mouth so stupefying, it's got you re-thinking your entire life.

My sister had the CHICKEN POT PIE, and my jaw dropped when i saw it. That thing was bigger than my head and trust me thats pretty big! I couldn't help myself i took a bite and the crust of the pie was delicious.  You can tell they don't short you on butter because the crust was so crispy and buttery.. I need to move on or i may never stop talking about it.

Definitely an awesome Mom-and-Pop stop for my lunch-time cravingsI felt as if we had been invited into their own home for an elaborate feast. The kindness and thoughtfulness of the owners made us feel like honored guests, and the food was incredible, every bite astounding! The plate presentation was beautiful, and both owners were attentive when our sides or rice appeared low. Don't rush your meal here, just sit back and enjoy the plentiful food and hospitality.This place is great! The couple working there diligently worked to get all the food items that we ordered. (We ordered a lot and I felt really bad because it's just the two of them) The food was great and they were very welcoming. My favorite was the galbi and bulgogi!This is a true mom & pop ran Korean restaurant. 

Dads of little girls...you too must do this too! Especially if you are a single dad. Get messy with your little princess+you'll have something she made on your shelf. (Chixfila before and Cold Stone after and you've got a whole afternoon planned)This was our third move with United Van Lines and Hilldrup didn't disappoint. Angela went out of her way to provide excellent customer service, even meeting us to drop off some free boxes in our town. Everything arrived in one piece from NC to NY in the specified delivery window, even though this was during the big storm. Most importantly for us, communication was clear and timely. Prices were competitive and we are even getting a bit of a refund! The best moving company ever.Great for you and your pets. Bring them along with you while you shop. The staff are always friendly towards your pet and you. They have cheap prices on pet goods. My dog loves this place even around the holidays when he can get his photo taken with Santa Claus.Thank you! For everything! Ernie is feeling so much better and I feel good as well knowing exactly what was going on, unlike other Vets that just throw information in your face and leave you confused!I love to shop at Roses.  When I lived in Greensboro, I recall shopping there quite regularly.  Now that they are in the Charlotte area, I will visit often.  The isles are uncluttered.  I find that walking through the store, they have lots and lots of things I normally have to look around to find.   The prices are great and I have been pleased with the items I recently purchased.  Roses is like a mini department store and is definitely worth a visit.This place rocks. I'm going to have to find something like it out in CA now. I love their selection of beef jerky and hot sauce. Their home made sauce is the best tasting hot sauce I've ever had, sadly I only got a little bottle free with some beef jerky. You can taste just about anything there they have a lot of exotic meats to try like alligator, bison, I think they even had some kangaroo? The people are really friendly there and enjoy talking about their products so if you have a question just ask them. 

They were very fast with the paperwork, not pushy, gigantic selection.

I wouldnt want to pay over $50 for a shirt that will only last one season because it's acrylic or polyester.. it will ruin in no time.

Alexis Mejia, in my opinion is one of Charlotte's up-and-coming pastry chefs and has really taken the Mimosa dessert menu to new heights with items such as Peanut Butter Mousse Bombe with Concord grape granita (which we ordered) and the Key lime Cheesecake with Candied Orange Rind. All southern favorites, with some really fun accents! 

Strawberry tart: Also good 

-Lobster with the tail served sashimi stylePasta:

6 stars, 3 thumbs standing ovation for this place, seriously!!! Bring one of these to Pittsburgh and I will manage it, you can pay me in Miyagi-Sans!Very tasty we all had different burgers. The parm truffle fries did not last long. Burgers consumed were miyagi san, bahn mi, m ronin and basic bacon cheese burger. Full stomachs and a great lunch!Probably the best burger I've ever had in my entire life. Steam pork buns are excellent. Truffle fries are legit.The greatest burger I have ever had in my life! Hands down, some of the most creative, delicious food I've ever experienced. Only gripe was the long wait but the food was completely worth it.I had the kalbi burger and truffle fries. Wow. What a great meal. I came here because I saw that other yelpers seemed to like it and they were not wrong. The service was very friendly. I will return when back in LV.Unbelievable local spot!! If you haven't been, you must go. Oxtail Chili Cheese fries are amazing. Any of the burgers of course. Pork Belly buns. Mmmmmm I day dream about Bachi on a pretty regular basis. Lucky to have you in my hood.Saw this on my favorite show of "Drivers, Dive-ins,&Drives" and had to check this place out before going into the strip. We started off w/ the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries based on all the awesome pics on Yelp, & these were soo delicious! The tender oxtail, chili & cheese oozing over the crispy thin fries w/chopped green onions,cilantro & spicy little kick of jalapeños on top was yummy. The chili wasn't overpowering so that was a plus for me. Definitely recommend trying!For my main entrée, I decided to order the kalbi burger. I love korean food, so this was the perfect burger for me w/ the kalbi marinade&kimchee. Boy oh boy, I'm drooling thinking abt it! The bun was soft, the meat was cooked medium rare like I had asked, the kalbi marinade was absolutely flavorful&sweet, & the kimchee altogether added a nice crunch.Overall, awesome first experience as the food did not disappoint. Really cool concept w/ the Asian-fusion food. Def recommend checking this place out!!Always awesome! One of the best burgers in town (or anywhere for that matter!). Don't come here looking for a cheeseburger-these burgers are unlike anything else. The flavors are incredible.The best burger ever.Oxtail chili cheese fries are amazeballs, got the kikis burger, even more amazeballs, great food, great environment, can't wait to come back and try it againAlways amazing food here at Bachi Burger! I try a new burger every time. Haven't been let down not once.Seriously the best burgers I have ever eaten. My friends and I go to Vegas several times a year and we always go to Bachi Burger several times each trip. You have to try the Kalbi burger and the truffle fries. The sodas are great too. Don't hesitate to try something new because EVERYTHING is so good there.Wagyu beef is very good. Highly recommend. Jon said cherry shake with liquor and chunks of cherry was great. Loved the Kim Cher pickles had sesame flavor. Blue and green burger yummy.  Will come back not much of a wait if you go early-6ish.We saw this place on Dinners drive ins and dives on the food network and we had to try it when we were in town.  We were not disappointed the truffle fry's and burgers were amazing !  We had s group of 7 and we split several burgers and all were very tasty.  A big thumbs up to Emily our bar tender and her basil smash cocktail !!Coming from Chicago we tried this burger, to die for, every thing we ordered was excellent very tasty. I highly recommend with tourist, and localsAte here again today for the second time. Due to the weather, both my wife and I ordered a noodle bowl. Both were delicious although very different in terms of spiciness and contents. I had the Spicy Miss bowl and it WAS spicy although not overly so. The wife had a very simple noodle soup that she enjoyed very much.  Service was excellent. Again...we will be back.Absolutely delicious. I would definitely recommend trying the oxtail chili fries WITH egg!Have been trying to eat there every time I come to LV but the lines are so long I give up. Today was the day awesome food great service nice atmosphere and price very reasonable. Sangria was great, fusion  burgers were incredible chili garlic wings were super.Amazing! Best burger I have had yet. Not too gourmet, but definitely a step above anything else I've had. And the truffle fries are so tasty! But you have to try the oxtail fries. They have a sweet & savory flavor to them. Just amazing food all around. It's worth the wait!I was definitely using the force on this day. (May 4th) I found this place on the Triple D app on my Iphone. It happened to be close to the office I was visiting in Vegas on a business trip. Let's just say the food is everything Guy described on the show. Got there around 1:15pm on Monday and the place was packed. Its located in a strip mall sort of but appears to be the main attraction. I waited only 5 minutes before being seated. Let me stress that the place remained full the entire time I was there. If someone got up, someone was sat. The waitstaff is super cool and laid-back but efficient in serving these morsels of goodness. I always judge a place on capacity and fullness, this place is off the chart. I can't speak for anything but what I ordered. That being said, its the only thing I would get again not to diminish my view of the establishment. I had the Miyagi-sun burger and salt/pepper fries. First, the burger has all the highlights of sports center on a Sunday night during football season. It comes with Chili Mayo  Fried Egg  Furikake Caramelized Bacon  Crispy Onion Rings - its like a symphony in your mouth. The beef is like butter with texture in your mouth and it has a crust from the flat top grill that adds that hint of char. The hot crispy fries come with: Maui Onion Sea Salt  Garlic Chili Aioli and sliced Jalepeno peppers. Its the bomb dot com...Drop the Mike!This is the ultimate burger joint. Prices range from 10 to 20 dollars. The burgers are amazing and full of flavor, the truffle fries are to die for. My only recommendation is the the wait staff do a better job at refilling water cups. Usually it doesn't happen unless I flag down a waiter.Yummy , prettytasty and have there own unique flavor. Wish the place was a little bigger because this place is very pack at night wait for 30min. Services was alrightAwesome staff! Really accommodating, especially with a baby. They moved us around to another table when asked, just because of our baby. They redesigned their menu. Orange soda was not on the menu anymore, but they still made it for us. As always, burger was delicious and on point. Best burger ever!! I will miss this place when I leave.Heard about it on triple D, and it definitely lived up to the hype.  The oxtail fries are super original and tasty.  The duck was cooked perfectly.   If you go to Vegas, this place is a little out of the way, but well worth the detour.I just landed in Las Vegas and happened upon this place and it was the best burger I ever had!  Must order Wagyu. It is worth the premium.The food was excellent! I have had very few burgers as good as this. The place is clean and nice. My only complaint was the service I recieved was just OK. The waitress seemed to be moody and pre occupied. We had to wait too long for water refills and she did not check on us very much. I did not ding for that only because everyone has bad days and I understand.Spectacular.  Best burger I've had ever, anywhere, ever.  Sure you're gonna pay for it.  But it's well worth it.  I do it paleo style so no bun.  The sweet potato fries are totally legit.  My recommendation:  Build your own: protein style, bacon, fried egg, avocado.  Sweet potato fries and a Matcha iced tea.Love it. Taste amazing!The burgers are absolutely delicious!!!  If you're looking for a typical burger this isn't the place.  They obviously add an Asian flare!  Good selection of craft beer too!  The chili sauce on the edemame was also delicious!Definately expect a short wait.  But...  it's worth it!Hade the Ronin Burger...Awesome. Cooked perfectly. The Parmesan Truffle Fries were outstanding, The Beer selection was very good as well.I and friend shared

nice area/neighborhood

I don't think you can go wrong here. If corn flavored ice cream is one of the best things I ever tasted, how can one go wrong? Whatever Helen, one of the owners and the genius behind the incredible array of flavors, tells me to put in my mouth I will. From the traditional Vanilla Bean to the unconventional Corn flavor, there is definitely something for everyone. The ingredients are top of the line and it comes through in the flavors. All the ice cream is made on the spot.The decor is cool, well-designed, comfortable, friendly and eco-friendly wherever possible. The service is great, the staff is nice. So don't hesitate, the ice cream here is not only full of wonderful flavor, but it is a wonderful experience as well.Exceptionally delicious ice cream, super-creative flavors, great service, and nice decor. It's so nice to see such serious gourmet thought put into ice cream. Basil lime sorbet? Sounds odd, but it's SO refreshing. Salted butter caramel? Awesome. Cantaloupe sorbet? Sweet and yummy. You really can't go wrong with any of their flavors. The staff and owners are very nice. Regrettably, they picked a poor location with almost no visibility.  Even with the great PR and word-of-mouth they've received, they're usually pretty empty. Hopefully more people will hear about this great place, seek it out, and join the Sweet Republic!What can I say? This place is just money. 

- They have a deal where you get a $40 gift card and 2 Harkins movie passes for $49.00... While not an outstanding special, you can ask them for it when you are seated and have them use the gift card to pay for the meal in the same night. Then it's like getting a free movie pass if you were going anyways.

Had the chicken nachos--which certainly was loaded with diced chicken--and felt positively stuffed afterwards.  Granted, I could have boxed up half of it and brought it home but what fun is that?  I can't say it was the best nacho dish I ever had (let's face it, it's all the sloppy sour cream and cheese that makes it sooo fattening but good)...but it WAS filling.  Very.  You get ALOT for your money here of nutritious chicken anyway...good deal!  And not all that fattening since they don't heap on sour cream and cheese but alot of healthy chicken.  Good dish for dieters.

5. Expect me to eat there again.Literally the best burger I have had in my life. I had the Farm Burger. Amazing. I also had truffle parm fries and they were stupid good too. I highly recommend this place. Compared to most Vegas restaurants, it's reasonably priced, the service was great, and the food is amazing. I'll be backI am not one to write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so after visiting the exceptional BurGR by Ramsay. First thing to note is that this was my Bachelor Party weekend, and the whole goal was to have fun and eat good food. Mission accomplished. After spending a few hours trying to decide what I wanted my "fancy" meal to be for the trip, I said we should at least check BurGR out before going to the hundreds of overpriced restaurants on the strip. Needless to say after spending approximately 10 seconds reviewing the menu, I decided we had to go there. Now keep in mind, I AM a foodie, I just keep to myself about it usually. Also to note, despite the fact it was my Bachelor Party, I had no drinks before getting to BurGR. I ended up ordering 3 appetizers, had all of my guys choose different burgers and hot dogs so I could try them all, had 2 mixed drinks and a couple desserts. Every bite I took only got me more excited for the next (the jalapeño poppers and strawberry milkshake being my favorite). If you want an explosion of perfectly blended flavored they have it. If you want just good seasoned, fresh (hopefully) food, they have it. On top of having a small stellar menu, the staff is amazing! They have legitimate knowledge of the menu and make relevant suggestions. Overly impressed. The atmosphere is fun and inviting, the staff looks like they enjoy themselves, the food is better than most $200-$300 meals I have had in the past, and you leave saying I can't wait to come back. I was hoping I could contact Ramsay personally through email to tell him the amazing experience I had, and how much it enhanced the trip, but alas I could not figure it out. So here lies my thank you. Thank you for stepping up the restaurant game, and thank you for putting the cherry on top of my Bachelor Party. I sincerely mean every word. For all who read this novel of a review, trust this is a place you can count on to hit every correct note.Holy hell this place was awesome. New(er) burger place in Planet Hollywood and I'm glad I found it. I ordered the Britainna burger (or however they spell it) and it was awesome. Very juicy and it had a sweet flavor which I loved. The sweet potato fries were also really good and I liked the vanilla powder they give you to sprinkle on them (just do it, it is amazing). They even make their own ketchup which they call ye signature curry ketchup. I wish I could buy that stuff by the bottle. The place was a bit pricey but you've got to expect that in Vegas.Service was excellent. Pricey, burger was basically as much as a steak at some places, but with Ramsay's name attached I went in expecting that. Saying that, I had the Bleu cheese burger which was amazing. The onion rings though were hands down the star of the show, they were delicious. Nice beer selection also.My husband and I have been here at least 6 times and we addicted! The specialty drinks that they have are super. The antioxidant drink is my fav. We ALWAYS get the Hot Wings and Jalapeño poppers. They are incredibly unique and probably some of the best appetizers I've ever had. The Wings are your traditional hot buffalo wings and the other half are a mild wasabi flavor. I am NOT a wasabi fan...but this is just delicious! The poppers...oh the poppers! We seriously fight over who's gonna get the last one because they are so good! The Burgr's are delicious and have a Gordon Ramsey flare to them...super yum! My mouth is watering as I write this! They also have amazing milk shakes that are big enough to share! Definitely go here, you won't regret it!Hands down best burger I've ever had. The meat is cooked over applewood and you can taste the difference in the burger. I ordered the char siu burger and the bf ordered the farm burger. They were both impeccable. He even said it was the best burger he ever had. The service was also phenomenal. Our waiter checked in on us at least 4-5 times within the hour we were there, and it was not overburdening. The burgers are about $12-15 each, but well worth it. Also, it's on the strip so everything is more pricey!BurgGR is an awesome new addition to the casino floor of Planet Hollywood hotel, and adds to the trendy, fun atmosphere of PH.My boyfriend and I had seen the long lines outside BurGR the day before and decided to check it out the next day. We went for a late lunch, so there was no wait, but was still pretty busy inside. The menu is a neat little glossy paper menu that folds out.  Their drink list is presented on an iPad, where you can view all the drinks and their ingredients. All of the drinks looked super delicious, and we ordered 2 from the iPad list. They looked exactly how they looked on the screen, and tasted just as great!For an appetizer, we ordered the Kung Pao Buns.  These were absolutely perfect.  The bread was amazingly delicate and the pork belly melted in your mouthFor our main, we ordered the Artesian (basically an italian hoagie on a burger); a a burger with blue cheese; (I forget the name), and onion rings.  Let's just say that we had been eager to try each other's burgers, but since we were so busy devouring our own, we forgot to ask each other and by the time we remembered this we both only had a single bite left, and hell if we were gonna give away that last bite!The onion rings were sooo good as well. They weren't greasy like most, but rather light and crispy. They could have almost fooled you as healthy haha.When you pay the bill, they give you a little iPod in the checkbook where they ask you to fill out some questions - a neat little feature that I had never seen before.Lastly, our server Alex was awesome. Super knowledgeable, provided great service, and was a fun guy to get to know a little for an hour.Well done Gordon Ramsey! Can't wait to be back. (and contrary to popular belief, you don't make your tables too small :) )Ok, Be prepared to spend big money on a burger, averaging at $15/burger sides not included...but also be prepared for one of the best burgers you've ever had!I went with a friend who is a beer and burger fanatic so we were both pumped as two Gordon Ramsay fan club northerners raised on meat and potatoes can get. 

The chips that came with the guacamole were crisp and flavorful and the fries that accompanied the jackfruit sandwich and burrito were incredible. I don't usually eat fries, but these were the perfect size to enable the slightly crusted outside to contrast its soft, starchy inside. We cleaned our plates and we walked out full and happy. We liked this place and will return again. It is awesome that their menu only contains vegetarian and vegan options. It shows that this place is definitely cognizant of compassion for animals and the environment. Some other people's post talk about the menu being limited in choice. I actually prefer that because I tend to get the FOMO shakes. That is, the fear of missing out shakes. With a limited menu, it makes making a confident decision so much easier.It's become a day off ritual of mine to treat myself to a lovely meal at the Coronado, but I almost didn't come today in favor of trying somewhere new.  Last minute,  I opted for the closer to home option, and I am so glad I did.  I got the Evergreen to drink,  and it is absolutely my new favorite drink. I can't believe it took me this long to try it.  It has muddled cilantro, cucumber, and serrano peppers, made with tequila and Cointreau. It is spicy and refreshing! I had the street corn as an appetizer, which was delicious, and the calabacitas burrito. So freaking good.  Another new favorite of mine off the menu. I don't know what the sauce they serve on the side is,  but it was a spicy chipotle-y awesomeness and I want it on everything. I took a bag of Xanadu coffee and a piece of peanut butter chocolate cake to go. The cake is rich, and moist, and amazing.  I really rarely write yelp reviews, but i've written three for this place because every time I leave I am so ecstatic I have to share the entire experience.Awesome beer on tap selection,  love the food.  Potato tacos are killer good.  Got the torta tonight & the garlic dipping sauce was such a good pairing. Lemonade is awesome too! Chili cheese fries are awesome too! Fried guac is a dream.  Desserts are killer good too! Adorable atmosphere, way better than being at Super quiet grandma's house feel of the cafe that used to be there long ago.The reviews so far are spot on. The biscuits and gravy are phenomenal and the staff is kind and attentive. What you may not notice is the amount of love and care that goes into this place. There is such an incredible amount of attention and love in every piece of the Coronado, do yourself a favor and forego another picture of your food on Instagram and look around yourself and take in the soul of this place, it's exceptional.It's great to go to a restaurant where everything on the menu looks good.  It was our first time and we ordered potato tacos and black coffee chili on cornbread.  The tasty, well spiced chili  on the sweet cornbread was perfect.  The potato tacos were amazing. Great seasoning and excellent sauce. Paired well with fresh corn tortillas.  We look forward to going back to try something else.This place changed my life. Best vegan biscuits and gravy of all time and vegan candy bars- wow! I harbor some resentment to the Coronado only because it has made all other food seem bland in comparison. The air I breathe on the outside is stale compared to the tasteful atmosphere that is THE Coronado. The smiles on passerby feel like grimaces from mere plebeians after witnessing the service and exuberance from the Coronado's amazing staff. I have resigned myself to the fact that the only foreseeable option for a bright future is to eat here for the rest of my life. I guess that doesn't sound so bad.Super awesome place. I had the goat cheese and jalapeño quesadilla, and it was so delicious I couldn't believe it. My wife had the biscuits and gravy with a side of potatoes and loved them as well. Delicious treats and lattes as well. Service is prompt, friendly and kind. Lots of smiles. 

*OMG!  This roll is fabulous!  It had gold leaf on the top!  It was one of the prettiest sushi rolls I have seen in a long time.  All of the flavors come together in this delicious roll and the crunch of the cucumber in the middle is seriously perfect.  Definitely worth the $40 and it fills you up!I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone that wants sushi.  I can't wait to go back again!Excellent nigiri sushi, really attentive yet laid back service. You won't find this place listed under coffee, but it had the best espresso I've tasted since San Francisco: dry powdery texture with slight chocolate aftertaste. Prices are high, but worth a splurge.One word: YUMMY!!!! Except for the Ikura with quails eggs were $11 an order, lol, that's one expensive Ikura!! But really really good!I love this place. The food is really good and the atmosphere is great! It's located in City Center across from the Mandarin Oriental hotel.Social House hosted the reception dinner for my wedding.  Where to begin....The restaurant is tucked away within the City Center but very easy to find.  Many Taxi drivers still think it's located in Treasure Island BUT IT IS NOT.  It's easy if you enter closest to the Aria valet.The food was AMAZING!  We went with a simple menu with 1 sashimi option and the plates were cleared and I had several guests asking me to order more food for them.  

I will continue to come back at least 2x a month to make this a regular part of my health and wellness program. My stress level is close to 0 for the following 2 weeks after each float. My body feels amazing without any aches and pains.

Sarah was our server and she was prompt and very nice.

Highly recomend them! Thanks.Tates is awesome!  They showed up when they said they would & checked out the unit from top to bottom.  They were thorough, honest & great to deal with. Rhonda's customer service skills go far beyond the ordinary!  She is pleasant, funny & efficient. Tates is lucky to have such a great first contact!!   Brandon is knowledgable & also great. I would highly reccomend this company!they are awesome.  they treat you right, no used car sale tactics.  my 5 ton unit works great.  i also referred them to a friend and he was happy too.  i checked with a lot of places before choosing and i'm glad i chose them.Brandon Walsh does a great job with whatever I need. He doesn't just sell me a policy to pad his pocket but gives me honest info and advise. I would t use any other agent.Brandon is the most honest person you will ever meet! He genuinely cared about what I needed for my insurance needs. My experience wasn't about sales to him, but rather a great customer service experience! And his knowledge made me feel very comfortable for all the products I received. You definitely have to come here for all your insurance needs!Brandon is extremely knowledgable on all of the insurance products he offers.  One of the things I liked most about working with Brandon is that he genuinely cares about his customers taking additional time to listen to what your needs are. If I could give Brandon 10 stars I would!!!!!!I just love the wonderful service that I receive from this State Farm office. Brandon is a great guy and his staff is very friendly and helpful. This office is not just SELL, SELL, SELL. They genuinely care about their clients and give honest, informed opinions on what I should do. Theresa was the woman who helped me and she was AMAZING. She was very patient with all of the questions that I had, taking the time to explain to me exactly what coverage I was getting and what the cost would be. She responded promptly to any email or phone messages that I left and truly treated me like a friend, instead of a potential sale. If you want knowledgeable, honest, and genuine assistance from an insurance agent's office -- Brandon Walsh's is the place to go!This is my favorite grocery store. The produce and meat are always fresh. The staff is super friendly. I much rather shop here than Walmart.They don't have the best of everything but the meat quality is far superior to most supermarkets in the valley.  Another thing I like is that there is no club card which I find irritating. The guys in the meat department are very knowledgeable and the service is sufficient.I was sad to leave my favorite Fry's store when I moved to Coronado Ranch but after moving I was happy to find this Albertsons.  Their produces are always fresh and their staffs are very helpful and friendly.  My favorite staffs are the meat department.  I bought some meat just one time but they remembered me and when I needed 10lbs of Korean short ribs their head butcher asked when I needed.  He was willing to go to other stores to get my order.  I needed this meat in 4 days and he called me when they got the shipment in and it was perfectly cut. and the meat was soooo juicy and the cut was just amazing.  We BBQ 8lbs and it was gone so quick.  I am saving that 2lbs just for me.  I am so glad I found this Albertsons.  Not all Albertsons's are made equal because I didn't really like Albertsons before, but this Albertsons really changed my mind.  They really make you feel special.  You can tell staffs do love their job and care for their customers.We stopped in today to get a plant or some flowers for a friend in the hospital.  Mallory, the person in the flower area, helped us out and we got a really beautiful Amaryllis plant.  Many of the gorgeous large flowers were blooming.  Mallory was so helpful.  She wrapped our plant and made it look better, more festive for us, making it ready to give to our friend.  She took the price tags off.  We included a small Get Well balloon and she added a beautiful to decorate it with.She gave great customer service.  Bless her.We have contracted with Payne & Sons multiple times over the past few years, most recently to completely re-roof two separate residences in our family.  Unlike the other review posted on Yelp, we found Payne & Sons to be most satisfactory with every job they have have done for us, whether a minor repair or a complete re-roofing of two tile roofs.  When we had a problem with a failed repair on one job, Todd addressed the problem promptly and without further issues.  The two re-roofing jobs that we had done by Payne were done on-time, within budget, and the crew of Luis Jr. did excellent work.  Three different homes on my street have been re-roofed by Payne & Sons and all of us are completely satisfied with the quality of work and the the cost of the job.  I would recommend Payne & Sons to anyone seeking bids on re-roofing or roofing repairs.I recently found Payne and sons via HomeSmart/service magic. They had excellent reviews so I hired them for a small roofing and drywall project.

All three styles were phenomenal. The winner of the three was the Margherita. The tomato sauce doesn't overpower, the mozzarella melts like a dream, and a hint of basil. The Rosa was unique, and also delicious. The Arizona pistachios take some getting used to, but pairs well with the red onion. The Biancoverde was much more complex. Definitely a hearty pizza because of the ricotta cheese. Very tasty. It's topped with arugala, so you will get a nice earthy, and loud flavor. Usually when I eat pizza, I take a bite of the crust, and then I leave the rest. Not here. I went through the entire pizza slice because it's perfect. Chewy, crispy, and full of happy!Take it from me....this place is worth the hype. Look at the reviews from other Yelpers. Even the picky ones love this place.Maybe it's true. Maybe Chris Bianco did learn how to make pizza from Jesus. Sure as hell tastes like it.Now if you are wondering about the other stuff, it was also a five star experience: staff friendly and attentive, and the bathrooms are spotless.Worth the 3 hour wait? YES. Bring all your friends here? YES. Will I guarantee the awesome? YES.#300One of the best pizzas I had.  Considering how I am a pizza snob when it comes to pizza outside of NYC, that alone says how much Pizzeria Bianco delivers.One thing that I enjoyed was the unique toppings for the pizzas.  When first hearing it, pistachios doesn't sound too appetizing on a pizza.  But I assure you, the flavor combinations are great.  Highly recommend the margherita pizza.  Surprisingly, basil works really well on pizza.  The crust is what takes the cake for Pizzeria Bianco. It must be the wood-fire ovens they use.  The crust is crisp and light.  Blends perfectly well with the ingredients.  On top of that , the pizzas aren't too expensive and the rustic atmosphere of the restaurant adds to the experience.Overall, if you're in Phoenix, you should stop by Pizzeria Bianco.  I hear that it is a 3hr wait.  But it only took me 20 minutes to get a table, so don't get intimated by the wait time.Undoubtedly the best pizza outside of Italy. Arizona is honored to host such a superb artisan as the master chef who owns and operates this place. If you come to Phoenix, this is the one place that truly matters to go to.

all the wait staff was super awesome, we had to put them to the test due to  them closing earlier then they used to on sunday night. (11pm) but they filled all of our sushi requests with a smile.I can only comment on my dinner but I will say the table kept saying how awesome everything looked and tasted.

-Friendly atmosphere

I love this place.  The food is amazing.  Very romantic. Great wine selection and ambiance.  Highly recommended.I have to say without a doubt this was the best dining expeirince I have every had the pleasure to enjoy.  The service was supurb and even though we came in late we were not rushed and made to feel like vips.  I had come to Nove quite a bit when it had first opened and loved it everytime and then life gets busy and you forget about the things that bring you joy.  I am glad that they put together such a stellar "Resturant Week" menu and I am glad that I got the chance to enjoy this amazing offering and amazing service.  I want to urge everyone to come here and enjoy the amazing food and service and always ask for Israel.Excellent food, decor, service all with a great view.  Best food we have had in Vegas period.Wow!  This place is awesome.  Great views, great food and the prix fixe is an amazing deal.  For just $55 you get 4 courses and unlimited wine. 

So when I went to the bar and called the bartender I was a little suprised when

Furrowing my brow! 

- It was about 3pm when I got in, the place was more than half full; by 4pm, the bar was almost completely full, and there was a line by the door! Loud cheers and groans over the games filled the entire restaurant!

4 pieces of sushi

It's small, quiet (but not too quiet) and a lovely wee escape from the town centre.On to the good stuff. The coffee is great, with a good variety and different choices for the coffee elite BUT come here for the grilled cheese and brownies. Om nom nom nom. We had the special, and it was melt in your mouth tummy hugging good. Best cheese toastie in Edinburgh (don't worry scoff is still number 2).OMG THIS GRILLED CHEESE. It was truly epic. I was walking around time with my friend who was visiting and we needed a snack before dinner. We seriously sniffed the air and I said "that smells like grilled cheese" and she goes "maybe it is coming from that place that says they serve coffee and grilled cheese"...so in we went!We just tried the regular grilled cheese with chili chutney and it was divine. The bread was so very tasty too. I love coffee, and theirs smelled good, but I opted to try a coffee tonic which was on the menu board. The barista said it was coffee and tonic water and tasted like stout. To be honest, I didn't care for it, but I will be back to try their aeropress and another grilled cheese for sure!So just when I think the Edinburgh coffee scene can't surprise me, I find Cairngorm. Not only does this little basement coffee shop do fantastic coffees that rivals some of the best, but the grilled cheese sarnies are amazing (and a great hangover cure FYI). 

of China and Mexico's favorite traditional and modern flavors.  This was not on the menu when I was there previously.  We got so much good food, it was awesome and never ending.  We started with the salt air margaritas.  I tried the pomegranate one and it was delicious.  I am not one for margaritas normally but this one was good.  I think these are the dishes we had.  All were delicious. Guacamole made one-by-one/ queso fresco/fresh tortillas

Here are what I really like about this place. 

If you are looking for a clean, bustling place that does an excellent job and get's you out quickly... definitely this is the place.  Out of town visitors are a plenty here so I was a bit leery that they may skimp on quality ..but no,  I am so pleased,   finally a place I can become a regular at ..yay!Love this salon and it's near my house and modern  .  Tina does a great job and has been doing my nails for months now .  Very detailed and takes her time to get the job right . She's on maternity leave now so I'll have to try someone else for now .Love this place! My daughter brought me here initially and a few years ago. I started getting gel manis and Vanity Nails is by far the best place in Vegas! I always call before since I prefer Katelyn to do my nails. The salon is always busy and constant walk-ins. They have the latest rock star glitter gel but I'm older so I get the regular colors. Oh and they have so any colors to choose from it can be overwhelming. I usually ask Katelyn or the girl at the front desk for assistance as they know what looks good with your skin color.I moved out to Las Vegas about 3 months ago and was in need of a good nail technician. When I find a place that I like I stay loyal so it was very difficult for me to leave Los Angeles and start over again. I was lucky enough to have Lisa do my pedicure and gel manicure the first time I came to Vanity Nails. Lisa is amazing at what she does and I've been a frequent customer of hers ever since! The staff is very friendly and professional and the salon itself is very reasonably priced. I can't sing Lisa's praises enough! I definitely recommend calling and making an appointment so you don't wait, but the first time I waited it wasn't longer than 5 minutes. Definitely recommend!Both times I've been here I got a pedicure and a full set of acrylic nails. I wasn't disappointed either time, in fact, I wish they were closer to where I live on the strip. It's not easy for me to commit to a place when I don't know their work and now that I found them I only wish it was more convenient for me! Both times I had males do my nails, both times left incredibly happy! Clean environment plenty of room and lots of options for nail color shape and nail accessories. Love them!!!There's a hundred nail salons in vegas. This one is Conveniently located on Las Vegas blvd near the south outlet. I started coming here 5 years ago since they've opened.  What keeps me coming back is I love the set up of the spa and I like that they'll do ur pedi and mani at the same time so ur in and out in a hour 1/2. They have over 400 gel colors and plenty of 3d art.I've been to a lot of nail salons in Vegas but I keep going back to Vanity! If you go during the weekend be prepared for a wait, if you're a walk in, but it is definitely worth it! I have yet to be disappointed with their work. All the workers are professional and work fast!I love it here!!  A friend told me to try this salon after no luck finding somewhere I liked in the first year I lived here. They are always so nice and accommodating and very clean. Ask for Kevin or Lisa!I love this nail salon. Tracy the nail tech made sure I left with the exact gel manicure color I wanted. She took her time but got me in and out in a timely manner. I can't wait to go back for my next nail appt.This was my first time trying this salon. Walked right in and they started my pedicure right away. No complaints and the leg massage was great. I will return. Only bad thing is you get a charge you using a credit card.I love this place, I moved here from Reno and was hesitant about getting my nails done as I had been getting my nails done by the same lady for 5 years.  I went to another salon to get my nails done and they started lifting literally 2 days after I  got them. I came to Vanity Nails and got my nails and my toes done, and I loved them. My nails last forever  (I usually go every 3 weeks, busy schedule :) )and they always look great and I am very picky about how my nails look since I have gone to school for hair and nails. The people there are nice and friendly and I rarely have any problem getting an appt. at the time I would like.Great service and prices. I've been here multiple times while here on business. Always happy with my mani and pedi!Henry and Kristy are just the best!! Been going for years now. Friendly staff and my hands and toes are always looking amazing!! They are my go-to nail team! I am always referring people to them when I get compliments on my nails!Not much has changed since my last review. And they still put up with me! I love this place! Been coming here for over 5 years! Kristy does the best nails and is great with free handing designs if you show her a picture. May and Danny give the most amazing pedicures. I recommend the deluxe pedi. It comes with an orange scrub and a peppermint mask wrapped in hot towels. Pure heaven! I would come for that everyday if I could! Whole staff is super friendly too. I feel more like a friend or family member coming to visit as opposed to a client.I love vanity been going here for 3 years my lady is holli she does an amazing job and I just love her dearly Krissy and Henry rock! This nail salon has too many high end nail techs here. I wouldn't go anywhere else.they are on point to the shape to the gel to the wax Nina is BOMB at waxing EVERYTHING IS THE BEST.I love this place I go to Holly and only Holly because that is how amazing she is! I would recommend this place to everyone!Really enjoyed taking my niece (7 years old) to get pedicures. Nice people, good pedis! $20 isn't a bad deal :DI come to Vegas at least a couple times a month so this is my go-to place to get my nails fixed. Their prices are awesome! where else can you get a spa pedicure for $20 that actually looks great???I love this place! Clean, Quiet, nice service and friendly staff. I get a different person every time and they are all great. My favorite is Kim!I love this place! My bestie introduced me and I'm so thankful! I've only walked in without appointment and I get serviced right away! Costumer service is great and friendly. Steve is my favorite! He takes he's time and really gets into detail, he's just awesome. Go see him!Probably the best manicure I have ever had! The massage I got for my arms and hands was SO good! He took his time to do a good job and didn't rush it like most other places. Although the selection for polish isn't all that great, they have the basics. If you're an Essie or opi person, I'd try to bring your own polish. They have a decent selection for gel nails and the second tier polishes.I love this salon. I had been going to another one close by and wasn't getting great manicures/pedicures. I went to this one because of their more convenient hours and wasn't disappointed. Everyone who works there is great. My gel manicures can last for up to three weeks (only nail growth ruins them) and my feet look super nice after the pedicures.To those people complain about the uneven nails or calluses being filed down too much, ask them to fix it or stop! They aren't mind readers and always listen to what I want/need.The owner Henry is super friendly and he is definition of great customer services. He know how to builds relationship with his customer. I don't think I would go to another nails salon after I went to Vanity nails. I went to get pedi and mani. Jennifer receptionist sat me down with Kayla. Kayla is super friendly. She's great with hands massage. She does her job right. I was satisfied with my gels mani and pedi. It came out incredible. I would definitely make another appointment with Kayla every time I get my nails done and would always come back to Vanity Nails. I honestly don't know why people would wrote nasty common about this place when they had one bad trip. I went to many places and I experienced many terrible customer service but Vanity Nails really value their customer.Service is great, their servers are always on point even when the little joint they have gets swamped with tourists and all their orders.  From the first recommendation they've never steered me wrong, LOVE that!  I'm a caffeine junky...Very pleased with this location!  The coffee takes a few minutes but worth the wait. One more reason why the Venetian is my favorite!I get this almost everyday at work... Keeps me awake lol. I like that u can order up to a 32oz. If u really need it lol. Toffee nut is my favorite here. The barista knows me well everytime I order and makes it the way I like it. My own Hookups at the PalazzoI never go wrong when getting coffee or tea here. Black Forest blended is fun and light, while the Chai is great for late evening wind downs. And staff are sweet and attentive.Best coffee since Jesus brewed it him self I expected it to taste like Starbucks crap but it's actually so goodI was a first time patient today and saw Dr. Kessler.  She and her team were wonderful!  She spent more time with me than any other dermatology office and provider has ever taken.  I felt my examination was thorough and she explained what she was seeing as she was going through my exam.  I would highly recommend her!Dr Ackerman takes time to perform a thorough exam while explaining her findings. She's a true warm and friendly professional who instills confidence in her abilities.I have had to bring my PS3 in twice once to replace the Blu-ray player and now to replace the motherboard due to the "Red Light Of Death" The guys at Vegas Video Game Repair are very knowledgeable, they are quick with a great turn around time and don't sacrifice quality work. I would recommend them to anyone needing help with their game systems!My PS3 got the "Yellow Light of Death". I dropped it off at their Fantastic Swap Meet booth on a Friday afternoon. My PS3 was fixed and cleaned by Sunday. All my memory was saved and only $80. Very satisfied.We women all know how important, no, crucial! is to have a good stylist. Like finding a good man, this can be difficult. Lucky me I found Saskia. She is the owner and only stylist at her suite. Very nicely decorated and cozy, as soon as I sit down my stress level starts going down. She's has gorgeous hair (which I think is important on a hair stylist, I mean if they can't do their own hair......) and is as beautiful outside as she's inside. But lets get down to business. She knows her craft.  I  love my highlights and the way she does them I'm no slave to going every 6-8 weeks. Recently she took a course on curly hair and the haircut she gave me was great!  Saskia listens to you and if she thinks another style/color/cut will be better she gently lets you know, not being pushy at all. Her main concern is that you are happy with the way you look. While I never had to go back because I wasn't satisfied I'm 100% sure she wouldn't have a problem (like it should be, then again not every stylist is like that)

$3 bruschetta

Best part, the servers were wearing pajamas!!!Amazing food. Steak & Chilliques is the best! Very good coffee. Friendly relaxed atmosphere.oOoOoh so good!My son and I split the bacon wrapped filet w/ egg and cheddar cheese. I'm not a big meat eater but I sure did enjoy myself when I ate this plate of goodness!Lots of flavor and nice atmosphere. We've returned twice since this particular visit. Try it, you'll like it ;)Beautiful restaurant, great service,  and amazing food!! Get the French press coffee :)Okay first off I am not a huge fan of breakfast foods in general.  My best friend loves it. So when a few of my friends wanted to go here for breakfast one day I was not looking forward to it. When we walked into the place it was fairly busy not overly packed. The first thing I noticed as the decor which was bright and fun with these cute umbrella flower rotating art hanging from the ceiling. It did make me feel a bit happy to be there. The next thing i noticed is the wait staff were in PJs. All and all the environment was welcoming and a cute experience.Next the menu was full of options and i was told by my champions that all the food was good. I stepped out on a limb and ordered some breakfast items. I had a waffle, bacon, hash browns, and the potted bread. It was a lot of food but boy was it tasty. I couldn't finish it all but i enjoyed trying. The syrup is real maple syrup that is brought to the table hot with cinnamon sticks in side. The next good thing is i  tasted some of my friends corn beef hash, regular pancakes, and red velvet pancakes.  (another reason why i probably couldn't finish my food.)  Boy everything was a delight. Party for the taste buds.Now i live in the area and highly recommend the place. If you really like breakfast foods you may fall in love with the place. If you are like me and you would pass on breakfast foods you will not be disappointed eating here. Its worth the trip if you are out and about and are in the mood for breakfast or lunch. (They are not open for dinner).  Make a day of it.Fresh bread is amazing!

Tomato and Mozzarella Sandwich

My friend and I had lunch here based on the recommendation of a server at another restaurant, and so thankful because we hand't known about it. It is another gem and definitely going to be on our list to return to on future visits. We had a great meal and wonderful service from Mario and Ricardo. 

- Pork Belly

Came here on a Sat night at 11pm, saw a HUGE line of 300+ people on the outside of Caesar's Palace, leading all the way to the taxi line. My group of 6 girls, 1 guy were feeling worried that we wouldn't get in. The line separates at the Sear Sucker restaurant, in which we said we were on the guest list. We were able to bypass that huge line on the outside!!!!! Not only that, we got in within 10 mins. It was a dream come true. I couldn't believe it was even happening.Inside has 2 different DJ areas, the heart room, and main dance floor. The heart room is pretty small, but you will love this room if you're into 90s and 2000s hip hop!!! They were playing all the great hits from my elementary-middle school, and then to high school days. It was so awesome. What I didn't like about the Heart Room was how tiny it was. Basically the room has a small dance floor in the middle, surrounded with lots and lots of bottle service tables. Other than that, there is walking around the perimeter of the room, which also served as the dance floor for people like my friends and I. I guess the positive was that the bottle service tables had booths, and you random guests (my friends and I) could sit on them when our feet were tired from wearing 3-4" heels!!!!! Awesome.Main dance floor - kind of funny to call it the dance floor when all eyes are focused on the 21st century Chandelier in the center. It moves up and down, throughout the night, with a light show that makes one feel that you are at a rave. Music in this room was EDM, and I'm guessing Calvin Harris is the showstopper in this room on Friday nights. The ceiling is also complete with acrobats hanging from 3D metal shapes (circles, cubes, etc.), and some are in regular go-go dancer type costumes, and others are weird batman type costumes. They are dancing, or they're coming down straight from the ceiling to deliver BOTTLE SERVICE to the ground floor tables. That's bottle service to a whole 'nother level!!! On the 2nd floor, they also have a patio area that leads to good photo ops of the strip. This club is at Caesar's Palace, so it's centrally located and you can see the Paris hotel across the way. Music wasn't so great here, and no one is really dancing, but rather taking pics and enjoying the rooftop view. Crowd:  lots of Asians, but in general I think it was pretty mixed. I think it attracts the Asians due to the EDM music, but it was pretty diverse. Don't let that stop you!!!Negatives:

Good for you AND fills you up?

-seared ahi Tina combo with steamed spinach, quinoa and lemon dressing (perfect)I can't wait to go back there tonight for dinner!What an interesting place!  The feel of the restaurant is young and hip and the vibrant green of the decor makes the place feel fun and eclectic.  This is my first time here even though I often go next door and hit up Starbucks.  The menu is rather large and it will take you minute to read everything over.  They are gluten-free, vegan, vegetarian, and low-carb friendly place that offers a nice selection of soups, salads, burgers, 9" pizzas, smoothies, sandwiches/wraps and a choice to even create your own meal.  After pondering what to eat I decided on a burger.  What is more classic than a burger and if they could make it right then I would be encouraged to try more off the menu. I ordered the buffalo burger done to a medium (they also have ostrich which I have never had) and tofu fries.  There is also an option for the jicama fries.  I was told the jicama fries are fry-shaped pieces of jicama tossed in a dressing.  I shied away from the jicama because I have not had it before personally but I did hear they are good.  The tofu fries are firm tofu tossed in rice flow and fried.  They are delicious!  The burger can come on a wheat or gluten-free bun or as a wrap. I chose the wheat bun and got Swiss cheese on my burger.  The burger itself is massive stacked with a thick patty, lettuce, tomato and onion!  I can barely fit it in my mouth!  The bread to meat ratio for the burger is perfect.  I took a bite and the burger is done exactly right (medium), juicy and tender.  For my buffalo burger, tofu fries, pickle and a soda cost me a little over $14 including tax.  A good price for a nice buffalo burger.  Also their soda machine dispenses small ice pellets.  This is an important point to make for my fellow ice munchers! The place is WiFi ready but you will have to ask for the passkey to access the network. When I asked the staff about power access they did not know but I was able to speak to Jeff, one of the owners, and he was able to show me where to plug in.  For those needing a place to work there are a TON of plugs (long power strips) under the bench along the back wall of the restaurant. Just a little looking and you will see them.       If you are looking for a nice place to grab a healthy bite to eat (even with your GF, Vegan or Uber-health conscious friends)  then look no further than the Greens and Proteins!Greens and proteins still a major 5 stars!!!The angus burger with tofu fries was amazing, huge high quality patie, amazing whole wheat bun, fresh crisp veggies, gourmet cheese... just a very very good burger at a very good price! The tofu fries were a very nice touch, perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and silky on the inside with a very good seasoning.The Greek pizza on pita bread is such an amazing combination of Mediterranean flavors, all the ingredients are sooo fresh and work exceptionally well together, a must try!!!The watermelon and strawberry juice was outstanding, deliciously refreshing with just a touch of agave nectar to enhance the delicious natural flavors! Yum!Greens and proteins is THE place if ou want to eat delicious and healthy, freshly made to order meals at a very friendly price.Number 1 place in henderson for healthy dining packed with flavors!I'm still in love with this place!  I have now tried quite a few things on the menu, and I have never been disappointed.  Two years ago, I lost 150 pounds and I am maintaining that loss.  It's hard to find places to eat out that support my goals, but Greens and Proteins gives me lots of options.  Instead of just choosing a boring salad anywhere else, I can eat anything on the menu and not feel guilty afterwards.I eat at Greens and Proteins two or three times a week.  My favorite is the Margharita Pizza on lavash.   It is awesome!!!  Great pizza with very little calories (I think they said 300!!!!). Looking for a nice healthy drink from their juice bar? The Green Shake with almond milk is ridiculous!!!  If you want more of a pure juice there's nothing better than the Wellness Drink...They just started doing breakfast and their Tofu and chicken sausage wrap is awesome.  I don't ever eat Tofu but the chef made me a deal. He said if the Tofu in the wrap was not as good or better than egg whites he would give me my money back.  I'm hooked!!!  Healthy AND good breakfast???  Saweeeeet!Had an issue and yelped about it previously. The owners fixed the problem immediately and were super friendly.  I LOVED the gluten free vegan pizza, hard to find and it was delish. Place was spotless and relaxing. YUM.Decided to try this spot for dinner after the gym last week. The "create your own" meal lets you select a protein, starch, veggie and sauce from a fairly extensive list. The food was well cooked, healthy (steamed, not fried...when applicable), and the sauce was fantastic. I love a menu with good vegan/vegetarian food and options! It was fairly priced, the staff was helpful and the place was clean. My only quasi-negative is they seem to be a little slow for takeout. However, this is probably them still getting up to speed. Nice plus = complementary water flavored with citrus and cucumber. It was a nice touch.Love this place!! This is exactly what we need. Healthy fast food!!All my reviews are of places that I have been many many times. Since I am only reviewing my top spots in Vegas I feel obligated to do so. My friends trust that if I review a place and it get's five stars it must be great. I have only been here a handful of times, but this by far is my favorite health food hangout now and will be checking in many times. You will see many campers with computers because it offers free wi/fi. I might start bring my laptop. What I love about this place; I can build my own meal for 10 bucks. I order either chicken breast or the Filet. The chicken breast is so juicy and seasoned nicely for about 8 bucks. Filet is cooked to order and is amazingly good for 15 bucks. Now each build your own meal comes with a generous portion of a veggie and a gain. I do the broccoli and brown rice. No sauce for me. But sauce is available.Don't let me review fool you into thinking it is just builder your own meal. They have one of the best tasting health pizzas in town (i order the gluten free crust).  Honestly if someone can show me better I am up for the challenge.  And of course the have the traditional health juices and wraps.The coolest thing about this place is the water jug next to the soda fountain. Fresh Lemons and Cucumbers added to filter water. It is so good! Ask for a cup at check-out it is free. OK friends go and try this place and let me know what you think :-)I freaking love this place ! Healthy food that TASTES good ? Yes please! My favorite drink is the "wellness drink". It costs a small fortune ($7.50), but is worth every penny because it's loaded with quality ingredients and tastes amazing. My favorite dinner is the bison philly cheese steak wrap! YUM. It's so cheesy and delicious and I love that it's made with bison instead of beef. The jicama fries are only so-so, and I don't do tofu so I would love to see them offer some more interesting sides, but I'm just being bratty..The pizzas are yummy, low calorie, and relatively low carb. A place where vegans, and low carb carnivores can co-exist in happiness!I come here sometimes after working out at the LVAC on 215 & Eastern. I really like their Bison w/ spinach wrap cheesesteak & grilled buffalo chicken strips. If you're not Into eating meat, their grilled veggie wrap is also quite flavorful. The raw jicama fries was my favorite. I also like their tofu fries too. They have really good veggie infused drinks.

Ace,

-neon pink cabin lights

5 stars for you Whiskey River, you got yourself a new regular!My favorite bar! Cheap drinks, country music and hip hop, and dancing the night away. Wednesdays are ridiculously fun for the younger crowd and early Friday and Saturdays are best for two stepping

i had the Silencio duck tongue it was great (they also have a variety of spicy sauces they can bring you upon request i highly recommend it ) i also had the   Carnitas braised baby pig/pork rinds/ 

5)  Try not to smoke while walking.  Remember where you are and the people around you.  The person behind you probably has dreadlocks and walking barefoot and will mean mug the shit outta you for doing so.Wow! Other markets take note, this one is doing it right!  I was impressed by the amount of produce and vendors!  The mix between produce vendors and specialty vendors was appreciated too.  I really dislike when the market is made up of 90% people selling baked goods.  I did end up buying some special popcorn that I am pretty thrilled about.The market is setup on the block around the capital and the sidewalk was fairly busy with market goers.  I spotted many people using their reusable shopping bags which made my hippie self very happy.Going to the farmer's market on Saturday is pretty much turning into a ritual for me. It is such a fun way to start the weekend. The produce is great, I bought some cherry tomatoes one weekend and I never want to buy them from the store again. I did not realize how good fresh tomatoes can taste. It takes a lot of restraint to not buy Stella's cheesy bread but if you have people visiting do buy your guests some! I also have seen an emu meat vendor. Can't say I've tried that yet. Herbs are great to purchase here they are usually a $1 for a handful. Great deal.Parking- I usually park in one of the garages around the square, the farmer's market really only takes about an hour to do a lap so you won't be paying more than a buck or two for parking. Or you can always park a little further maybe 4 blocks away if you are willing to walk and then parking is free.Walk in the SAME direction everyone else is walking. It will make your life easier.It's just as good as all of the reviews you've read.

kimchi edamame (very tasty! Delicious combination of ingredients!) 

+ Sometimes announcers are funny when announcing your name to get your food

Came to this delicious restaurant while visiting a girlfriend in the Phoenix area. I wish I hadn't; only because it's all I think about!

You must try this place !Really great open atmosphere and fantastic food. Happy hour is pretty solid too. Try the chicken parmigiana, super tastyThis place is sooooo good. I think I have written about it before, but the chicken parm - bar none - best in the country. I get a modified version with red sauce all the way, but both ways are good. Place is busy tonight, but the servers are on point and very attentive - 5 stars. I can be demanding on service, and often reduce ratings for bad service, so this is good -- well done North. You get 5 stars. :)  ... Also adding a shout out to Pat and Josh -- go green valet.We came here tonight as a little bit of a bigger party  during prime time so I understand that things may not happen "picture perfect". I had dined at the restaurant before and it was my Mom's birthday and she had heard good things so she decided to come here, though she had never tried it before. This is one of the many reasons that I love Fox restaurants... If anything is ever not right, they will fix it... Always so hospitable. Even though there was just a slight misunderstanding, management was so apologetic and compensating. Food was amazing & we will definitely be returning and will highly recommend this restaurant!I really love this place. I have only been here a handful of times but each time has been consistently fresh and tasty. I have had their gnocchi, a few of their pizzas, and their seasonal vegetable salad and I still don't know which I like better. The pizzas are hand-made and the crust isn't too thick or too thin-just right! They have really delicious pizza toppings and a variety of pizzas to choose from. Their egg pizza with bacon is really great and so is their fig and prosciutto pizza! I just had their salted caramel bambino, essentially a caramel creme fraiche, and it was pretty darn great. The only thing I'm not a huge fan of is their coffee-I had a cup and it tasted a little burnt. However, I doubt most people come here to get a cup of coffee. I especially love that they have all day happy hour on Sundays with great deals on food AND booze. Definitely a must-try.6 people seated at 515pm on Monday. Fantastic service and even as it became packed by 7pm our server was on point. Steak, pesto pasta, pizza and salads super fresh and tasty. The open kitchen was warm and inviting with people scurrying around but not loud or annoying. Worth the experience.Love the service, atmosphere and most of all the food! Buccatini with mushrooms, zucca chips, cocktails, salad.....Superb! As an Italian cook, it is hard to find a restaurant that REPEATEDLY serves truly good pasta, and North does it perfectly!The place is amazing! Friendly staff, great atmosphere, one of my FAVORITE places.  Their Tiramisu was amazing and something we treat ourselves to every time we go.  So excited they are opening one in Cali so when I go there I have an amazing place I can have dinner.  Till next time North.Very good food. The Lasagna was delicious. Enough to eat for the money you pay. Nice atmosphere!!!This is one of my favorite restaurants. EVER. I travel all over the country and try tons of new restaurants and food, North is still in my top three.The ambiance is great, always a good vibe. If it's nice out, then the patio is great. Free valet and friendly hosts start your experience off right. Genuinely nice waiters recommend drinks and their favorite foods. I have never eaten anything bad here. Some of my faves are: 

The owner is very friendly and takes great pride in the quality of his menu.We grew up in New York City (the Bronx) and have long searched (in New York, Washington, Pennsylvania and Arizona) for a pizza that resembled our childhood memories.  After many years of disappointment friends of ours (also from New York) suggested Argentos.  A Brooklyn raised couple joined us to try Argentos' plain cheese pizza (the only way we used to order).  It was heaven at first bite.  The aroma was so good we brought back "fond" memories when we burned our pallets (couldn't wait for the pizza to cool down).  IT IS FABULOUS!!Love this place.. coming from the East Coast (NJ/NY), I know what real pizza should taste like.. Argento's NEVER disappoints.. the owner is there all the time and is super nice! Would absolutely recommend this place!Our go-to pizza place! Recently tried the margherita and it was really different and tasty. Love their fried zucchini too. The owner is so funny and friendly too! Great small town feel.We stopped by Argento's with friends after spending the afternoon at the Hellzapoppin PRCA rodeo. Our friends had been prepping us all day describing the outstanding pizza they'd enjoyed at Argento's. They were absolutely right on! Our party of six enjoyed excellent pizza with terrific service and value prices. Fresh ingredients were obvious. The crust was perfect and the sauce exceptional. Lots of other treats on the menu too. Argento's is about 20 miles from our home but well worth the easy drive.Great food and broad selection of things besides pizza on the menu.  But the pizza is really good, freshly made dough and a good amount of toppings.  fast and friendly service, it's worth the trip.We stopped here on the way from Los Angeles to Tucson (it's not far from the Phoenix bypass). Great pizza. Friendly staff. They were very nice to our kids.For a growing place like buckeye we need a great pizza place and this is it! I read the reviews about the calzones so I decided to go try one. I got the calzone special and it was HUGE! I shared it with my husband and us together could not finish it. Very tasty. I'm excited to try the rest of the menu. The restaurant was very clean and inviting. The workers were very friendly!Ordered a large sausage pizza and mild wings. Yum! We will definitely be ordering again!For a pizza shop in Buckeye AZ this is by far the best I've had. Very comparable to Rays in Phoenix and I would certainly come here and eat again. Prices are reasonable, a 16" cheese will set you back about $12. Garlic knots are pretty solid, as is the antipasta salad. Lots of large and small booths in the building for groups of all sizes, clean outside and in. If you've got a pizza craving here in Buckeye, go here and skip the chain places. You'll thank yourself!Great Timing on there Food. Also On Delivery service are on time. Rate from 1 to 100.  I Rate it 110!!!! Love Tommy's Lil Elevs Helpers.The best pizza in Buckeye, and the nicest people. We love the Philly Cheese steak subs too.I was shopping at Kirklands today, and the cashier made my day! He was funny, witty, and very personable. Not only that, but he saw the coupon I had and knew that the store was offering a better one, and let me use it! He made it a great experience and I got some cute things to decorate for fall! I can't wait! I love the unique things you can buy, and how cheap they are compared to other home good stores!This is one of the best places to go if your looking for decorations. Every time we are there are new products. Prices are good compared to others. They have an app you can download to save even more.I love this Kirklands! I always find something to take home each trip. Their prices are affordable and the items are cute! I have decor from here all throughout my house. My most recent purchase was a giant bronze colored picture collage, approx 20 photos large. It's beautiful and it was only $19.99, what a deal.If you haven't, you should join their rewards program. I get points from purchases & I've gotten to use a reward which was $ off my order. :)I'm always greeted when arriving and asked if I need help from the staff while I'm shopping. I just love this place!Robyn has done our taxes for two years now.  She is professional, thorough, and very easy to work with.  Her hours are flexible and we were able to do much of the paperwork virtually (but securely).Her rate for tax prep is incredibly reasonable considering how much she was able to capture for us and how knowledgeable and detailed she is.My wife and I visited Robyn about a month ago and got solid, no nonsense tax advice from a very knowledgeable CPA.  If you have ANY questions about Federal or State taxes, Robyn is the CPA you should be going to.  Not only is she knowledgeable, but she's willing to take the time to help you understand the advantages of various parts of the tax code.  (She actually thinks taxes are kinda fun! How weird is that?)I'll definitely be using her as a counselor to my family and small business in the future.This place is great, but remember its a farm.  We just love it and staff is always helpfull.  Looking forward to participating in their other activities.Shipping places aren't too hard to find, but my experience with Airpark makes me very likely to go back. They did a great job of packing my very fragile glass items for shipment, very friendly and courteous throughout the process, and the price was very reasonable. A big thumbs up for great service!This was my first time here and only came because someone highly recommended it. I had to pack a painting for an airplane ride and they offered everything that would make it secure to reduce any potential damage in transit (we know packages can get mistreated and thrown around by the delivery companies...) ... So let's see how it goes... But after everything was said and done, I feel confident that it was packaged the best way it could be... The guys who work here know what they are doing and truly instill trust that the package is secure... And I have to say, great group of people working here - good personalities and great work environment (they help each other out!!) anyhow, everyone should come here...  As for price, it really depends on what you're shipping ... So can't really comment on that. But again, good packaging and great people - what else can you ask for?Love this place. The staff is great and helpful. So many variations of shipping supplies to choose from. I would definitely recommend this place.Serena and Stephen are amazing! They are the perfect people to own a wedding shop. Serena was able to make my dream dress a reality. I had a vision of what I wanted for my wedding dress that took quite a bit of extra altering and Serena did not let me down! She is an amazing seamstress and she did a fantastic job fitting my dress perfectly to my body. She did everything she could to ensure I was happy with the end result. They were very accommodating to my needs. Not to mention all at a very reasonable price tag. I expected to pay a lot more for all the work Serena did. I am so thankful for her. I would recommend Yes I Do Bridal to any bride! You won't be disappointed I promise! Thank you Serena and Stephen!I love this place!!! I was desperate to find a dress and I didn't have much time and a limited budget. These 2 made it happen. They were so friendly and helpful. If it wasn't for this store I don't know what I would have done!I had such a wonderful experience here. I would recommend this place to every girl that's looking for a dress. So helpful and very informative.Serena and Stephen are awesome!!  

Good location .....

Wow, I can go on and on about how much I love this restaurant, I've heard many people say that is the best restaurant in Las Vegas which I must say I have to agree with.This is the best Steakhouse in Vegas by far. The service here is second to none. The food is amazing, everything from their bread, to salads, and juicy steaks. The wait staff works very closely together to be extremely attentive of all your needs, and offer to accommodate almost any request which is a pleasant experience for Vegas. The filet mignon with wagyu butter is AMAZING! I haven't had such a flavorful Filet anywhere else. I highly recommend this place, if its the one place you'll come to on your Vegas getaway.This place has a special place in my heart. We went for our 4 year wedding anniversary and sat lakeside. Super romantic. To begin with we had some of the bread they brought to the table and the pretzel bread was just to die for!!! 

 

-I have long curly hair, but I wear it straight AND curly. Therefore, I prefer it to be cut wet, then straightened to confirm it doesn't hang weird.

-spicy fried chili chicken: fried chicken pieces that are stir fried with scallions, spicy chili and sweet yellow onions (spicy and delicious! - all time fav!)-salt an pepper squid: fried strips of squid stir fried with green peppers and onions (crispy and irresistible)-masala fish: battered fish stir fried with masala spice and veggies-eggplant with ground pork: the eggplant is soft and tender, which is well balanced with the rice ground pork

Ambiance numéro 1.

They have a discount going for new customers.Thank you Alicia for the amazing cut and color I feel like myself again. You are so talented! I'll come see you again for sure.I personally know the owner and we go way back. Very caring, great listener and hard working! I would go to her if I didn't have a barber.Le chef Jérôme Ferrer vient d'ouvrir son fast-food juste à côté de son resto le Bistro Beaver Hall. Et quel plaisir !

3- Elevator checks - if you're not a guest, they don't allow you up (which made me feel safe and secure)

Friendly people, and the food is very good, I recommend this place!!!AWESOME FOOD! The breakfast burritos are of the chain! I'm not sure if the guys name is Jefe, but he slay those burritos!!! You are definitely getting your money's worth because one burrito weighs about 3 to 5 lbs. DELICIOUS! I definitely recommend this place. Just a heads up, don't be turned off by the location. It is inside a gas station; however, there is a park near by where you can go and eat. YOU WON'T REGRET THOSE BURRITOS!Delicious. Amazing quality food and customer service. They close at 10pm and like an asshole I came in at 9:45(I was off work late and starving) and they made fresh everything. Really really good.You love Mexican food? Jeje's is great !!!Ben and Blanca work hard to make you feel welcome and serve you great food.I am a Professional Taste Tester ( lol ) and I promise you will be very satisfied !!!I am still thinking and bragging about this amazing Carne Asada taco I had there a week ago. Ben is awesome and he doesbtake care of his custmers. It has taken everything in me to wait to return for that goodness there because I don't want to overload my senses on their amazing food. Whooosaaaa.Amazing food and even nicer people. They talk to you like a friend not just a customer. I go way out of my way to come here and always enjoy the foodMy boyfriend and I were in the mood for some Mexican food. We did not feel like eating at the usual under par Mexican places i.e. The don tor tacos at fab freds or Robertos. Sooooooo we found this hole in the wall Mexican place with 5 stars on Yelp !! So why not give it a try. He got the jefe's burrito and I got the Mega carne asada fries to share with my sister and my boyfriend. we also got a quesadilla with a mix of cheddar and Monterey Jack. We met Ben and the story of his business and what quality of service and food he and his staff is providing. Also any student with straight As get a free burrito!!Now back to the food lol the jefe has chicken, shrimp and steak neatly wrapped in a tortilla. I had a bite with some red sauce (had a nice kick) and then this green sauccce and he said he couldn't finish it because the size of this was the size of his arm but, because of how great it was he did lol, it was cooked very well and was well seasoned. Now my behemoth of a meal, the MEGA fries and the name does not do this justice, meat was not dry, is was tender, flavorful and juicy. Fries were crispy and cooked perfectly not soggy or greasy. All together was a match in heaven in my mouth. Quesadilla was filled with a very good amount probably 1/2 a pound of cheese lol (there's no such thing as too much cheese ).  We will most definitely be coming back.The Best Mexican Food Restaurant in the NW Las Vegas Area..... Do your stomach a favor and check it out!I have been on the hunt for a good taco shop since I moved to Vegas, I moved here from Diego where taco shops are everywhere!!!! I found this spot on Yelp and decided to give it a try. The owner was so friendly, knew his regulars by name and the food.... Is sooooo good!!! The burritos are huge and so filling, the carne Asada fries looked amazing too, and the tacos.. Sooo good!!!! This will definitely be my new go to spot!When my wife and I were trying to find a place with good mexican food the internet guided us here. We had just moved here from seattle where decent taco shops were scarce. 

Place, but the prices and the people and food is awesome! I can say I found my new fave spot for sushi in Vegas ;)Service was amazing and the sushi was fantastic! The tuna was to die for..

- I wish there were a few more parking spaces.  You will notice that the availability of visitor parking spaces varies based on certain criteria (eg time of year, time of day, time of week, etc).

Duck fat fries in truffle, rosemary Parmesan, and sea salt.....wow-truffle fries! Michael Mina-you had me at truffle....Think I've died & gone to heaven

2) French martini: one of the better ones I have tastedThe ambiance is very trendy, both on the inside and outside. Definitely recommend it for an overall great dining experience!I was referred here after asking for a fun out of the way place. Had a friendly, knowledgeable waiter who made some great recommendations.  Moscow mules and very dirty martinis provided more than enough lubrication for the evening.  He even brought out a shot of a liquor I'd never heard of on the house! We had a burger and chicken sandwich, both of which were very tasty. Fun people watching, cool decor and slightly hidden bathrooms all add up to a quirky but solid evening out. Check this place out for sure!The year is 1979. Brothers Ronald Bell and Robert "Kool" Bell have been making a nice living on the R&B charts with the rest of the band, affectionately called "The Gang." Then, like a holy pop-funk messenger sent from heaven, a Mr. J.T. Taylor joins the gang and what follows is an album that will change the face of music, men, and background tunes at sporting events across the country. I'm talking about Celebration.Celebrate good times, come on! (Let's celebrate)

Great experience. definitely 5 stars.First bad experience I've had at wireless doctor....I took my s4 in to get repaired. It was completely shattered and the display LCD thingy wasn't coming on even though i could hear the phone get messages and whatnot. The guy said to come back in an hour and it would be ready. I came back 45 mins later so I could wait for it, but they tell me they dont have my display color in stock. What?!But what they did to handle the situation really made me satisfied. The tech said he would personally call the manager and coordinate a part delivery within the hour. He apologized sincerely and gave me a considerable discount for my troubles and said he would discount my future repair as well. He looked extremely apologetic and did everything in his power to make it right (it wasn't even that big of a deal to begin with but ill take a discount any day). The part was delivered in a timely manner as promised, they fixed the display right away, and I had my phone back in my hands right when I came back in to pick it up. I can say with confidence everyone at Wireless Doctor is customer oriented and will do just about anything to make someone satisfied with the service. Thanks!Came in today for a shattered mini Ipad screen. We were greeted by Brandon there and he was very nice! It took them 2 hours to complete my repair. She said 3 hours and I was the second customer of the day, but I figure, it's a Saturday so they were probably busy.

Also, like them on Facebook to find out when they are doing crawfish boils! So much better than any other crawfish we've had around here!Dunkin catfish and fried pickles - OMG!!! Better than the spots I've been to in Louisiana!!! This place gets 5 stars, service and food off the hook good!Dessert - banana pudding and beignets!!!!! Just as good as cafe dumu!!!I come almost every Friday... I highly recommend the seafood gumbo - it is simply one of the best I have ever had. Also the fried green tomatoes are a great way to start things off. I usually get one of their Po'Boy sandwiches and the blackened alligator is hard to beat. Don't forget to try the sweet tea for a fully authentic down South experience. Can't go wrong here in my opinion.Just got back from lunch there and I have to say it was very good.  I agree about stop reading the reviews as I did and just go there!  We ordered the fried green tomatoes and hushpuppies first.  They were nice and crispy but not greasy from being fried.  The hushpuppies were delicious and tasted even better with a little butter.Next my wife got the fried catfish combo with coleslaw.  Again the fried catfish was not greasy and crispy cornmeal batter.  The catfish was a little softer than what my wife would have liked but still tasted good.  The coleslaw was great as well, I had a taste of it and it was crunchy but not soggy from all the mayo.I forgot the name of what I had but it's one of the specials they used to have only on Wednesdays and it's like the Dunkin Catfish but the catfish is blacked and over a bead of dirty rice.  Then its covered in shrimp/crawfish etouffee, it was very tasty and I literally had every bite with either catfish/shrimp/crawfish with the rice!  They were not shy with the seafood.  Over the service was great and friendly.  We will definitely go back!  I've been to Pappadeaux and this is a great alternative especially on your wallet.Very good food and southern style sweet tea! Being from the South I was pleasantly surprised. I definitely recommend it!As good as it gets....in the Phoenix area! Granted, this is way out in Avondale but I assure you, it's worth the drive. The atmosphere is nice and comfy, and the servers/hosts make you feel welcome. They play a Cajun/Zydeco in the background which adds a cheery energy, and to which I also had to dance to! We had a larger group and tried a variety of the dishes (Gumbo, fried pickles, gumbo, crawfish etouffee, po boys, jambalaya) with zero complaints and many happy bellies! I will definitely be going back, despite the long haul. The only complaint I heard was that there was no alcohol, so no beer with dinner.This is the real deal. I had the Catfish lunch special w/ red beans and rice. Yummmmy!  Wish it was closer to the house.Going to keep it short because no need to elaborate when the meal you just ate was delicious.  Fried green tomatoes, oyster po boy and a crawfish mixed with alligator po boy, all was wonderful. Service was excellent and was told next time must leave room for dessert. I said I willWe were in town from NY and looking for a gluten free restaurant for my wife. I love Cajun type food and gave it a try thanks to yelp reviews. You order from the counter when you get there. There is a decent menu with many options. Note there is no alcohol sold here. The food preparation and quality is outstanding. Prices are economical. Highly recommended!The food here is excellent! Well worth the drive. The service was great too. Even though they were so busy our drinks never got empty. I'd come again. And I've had food in Louisiana several times and this is right on par.sooo goooodd!  my second time here and i'm glad.  servers were very friendly and attentive.  i studied the menu all day to figure out what i was going to order.  i picked the gumbo, dirty rice and fried oysters.  oh so good.  the oysters were my fav.  big and juicy.  the sweet tea was good too.Just ate there for the first time. Everything was outstanding. Had the fried pickles for the appetizer. The wife had the muffuletta with potato salad and I the catfish. Some of the best catfish I have ever had. Wasn't over cooked like I've gotten at most places. All the food was outstanding. Friendly staff. The service was very quick but this was at lunch on a Saturday. The waitress said we wouldn't get our food that quick on a Friday night because they are really busy.I love this place....they have the best fried green tomatoes I have ever had. Their catfish is amazing.My friends took us here when we moved in, sort of an introduction to the area and wow this was the authentic stuff you want to eat, they live up to the name.Catfish, jambalaya, wonderful sauces and things you would expect the bayou to serve up fresh like they do here.I felt that funky mojo soul thang power-up inside me and you know it's good cookin when you get that goin' on. And the tea, have the tea. Oh yes.This place is AMAZING! From the moment we walked we felt welcomed. Our appetizers came (fried pickels) they were great, as well as our course meal. Our waitress was very nice, not just with us but with my son as well. W will definitely come here again. :)I have been a LONG time Yelp user; however, I am always hesitant to write a review.  Well, Flavors of Louisiana is one of those gems that you just have to tell EVERY one about!!  My hubby and I ordered a wide variety from the menu (fried green tomatoes, seafood gumbo, alligator po boy, joliet dinner) and everything was delicious.  The kids meals were reasonably priced and decent portions.  Our meals had very large portions and they tasted amazing!!Even though the food was superb, the wonderful service we received was what truly made the meal memorable.  Aaron was our server and was polite, accommodating, prompt and always had a smile on his face.  All in all, we will definitely be back and will spread the word to anyone we can!!  AMAZING!!Clean, family friendly with great service. Fried pickles were yummy!!! Seafood Gumbo has a little kick and was delicious. My husband loved his shrimp po boy and I loved the dunked catfish. We took home Beignets. Great again. Son got a large portion on kids menu. Oh yes, red beans and rice was very good as well. Nice to find tasty homemade food with good service.We ate here this afternoon ...last time we were here was over a year ago!  It was SO good..again.  My husband and I both had the Shrimp Po'Boys and I love the way the shrimp sort of "pops" when you bite into it.  I love the bread as well, it is soft but chewy and holds up well to all the fillings.   My father had the Cajun Trio which was Seafood Gumbo, Jambalaya and Crawfish Pie.  He loved everything but especially liked the Gumbo.  We all took bites of the Crawfish Pie and it was delicious....full of cheesy, crawdaddy goodness with a buttery, slightly sweet crust.  The JBLA was also very good and had nice smoky flavor.  We shared a platter of Fried Pickles, Fried Green Tomatos and Onion Rings...so good.  

Salmon Crunch 

- Italian Sausage Seasoning [add it to ground turkey...you'll thank me later.]  

The only think I disliked about this place was the group of ladies that were seated next to us. They were probably in their late 40s and were very loud and obnoxious...not quite the atmosphere FIN is going for and they stuck out like a sore thumb. Luckily we were almost finished with our meal when they came in.

If you haven't been to La Bocca, please go. Right now.In order to avoid waiting for a table, my friend and I went to the bar. Then we found out that they serve the full menu at the bar, we decided to skip the wait and just eat at the bar.The service at the bar was phenomenal. I was famished and borderline grumpy with a slight headache, but the waitress at the bar immediately brought out delicious bread sticks drizzled with olive oil and basil-bits. We ordered and the empathetic waitress came by later to check up on us.The garlic pizza and the mushroom truffle pizza melted in my mouth.Great food, great service, great atmosphere. When I come back and visit the area next time, I will definitely be stopping by this place.This is my favorite spot in the entire Valley, and with their Tuesday night BOGO pizza deal, it can't get any better!Definitely don't skip the bruschetta! My favorites are the pesto with tomato, the artichoke with roasted red pepper, the garlic, and the queen creek olive with ricotta and basil (which isn't on the menu, so you have to ask for it). Last night, Boyfriend and I ordered two garden pizzas. I think that's my favorite! We've also had their garlic pizza (I probably wouldn't get that one again, but it's the only thing I've been disappointed in on their menu), the truffled mushroom pizza (awesome!), and I LOVE their goat cheese & pear salad.  Boyfriend has also enjoyed the Sicily pizza before. Two big thumbs up from me. I've been here with friends, with classmates, on dates, and before events at Gammage. I have always left pleased with the experience. Give La Bocca a try! You won't be disappointed.La Bocca is a classy pizza and wine bar restaurant located in the middle of Mill Ave.  I came here with a friend from out of town.  Earlier in the day we hiked South Mountain and we walked around the Dessert Botanical Gardens.  I don't think she had enough food throughout the day, so she was famished when we got there.  I thought she was ready to pass out.  We skipped eating at a table and went straight to the bar.  I notified the bartender that my friend needed some bread right away.  She was very concerned and got us fresh bread with olive oil and basil.  I think this item actually cost money, but I did not see it on the bill.Throughout the night, she frequently checked up on us to see how we were doing.  My friend got the mushroom truffle pizza with goat cheese and spinach, and I got the garlic pizza.  We got the bottle of Riesling, and it is half off bottles on Sunday and Monday.  In addition, you are not forced to finish it all as they recork it and pack it to go.The decor had a very dark and intimate setting.  This would be a great place to take a girl on a date.  Near the bar, they have black and white movies playing all night.  The bartender even told us that if we had a certain request, they would go out and find it and play it for the future.This was a very pleasant and welcoming experience, and I will definitely visit again!I was visiting from out of town and stumbled upon this place while checking out Mill Ave. Best discovery ever! We were there on a Monday which happened to be 1/2 off bottles of wine. The bartender, Dulia, only works Monday but try to go see her, she's very friendly and knowledgable. We started with the bruschetta plank (you pick 4 types and get 2 of each) and took Dulia's suggestions for dinner (I had a turkey,brie, and fig sandwich that I still dream about) and dessert. The dessert was amazing: a fresh baked, deep dish macadamia nut cookie with banana, caramel ice cream. It tastes like fresh baked banana nut bread. So delicious. Stop by id you're in the area. You wont be disappointed.I just experienced the best service ever from Dulia (I believe was her name) at La Bocca tonight!I knew it was going to be a good night when she warned my friend that the Lemoncillo was made with Everclear and very strong. Rather than bringing the drink, she suggested that my friend try the lemoncillo before ordering and brought a small glass of lemoncillo and orangecillo. She was right - both of the "cillo's" were very strong. I decided on a glass of red sangria and my friend a mojito. Both were delicious! As for food, I ordered the bruschetta and was impressed. Out of the 4 types of bruschetta I ordered, I recommend the proschutto bruschetta. I'm a huge fan of salmon so I ordered the smoked salmon one as well, but was slightly disappointed. Both of my friends ordered pizzas (because on Tuesdays they have a 2 for 1 pizza special) and both of them seemed to enjoy their meals as much as, if not more than I. I anticipate going back soon, especially after seeing two girls next to me get the cookie dessert!Overall, highly recommended!I have been to La Bocca about 6 times, and each time this place has been very good. I have tried several pizzas, several salads, the antipasto plate, and the bruschetta. All have been really tasty. So I went here tonight with the BF before we went to see Stephen Hawking for his birthday (the BF's, not SH's). We went for happy hour, intending to just get a bruschetta plank, but ended up being super hungry and getting a bunch of food. We were seated right away, which was nice. For happy hour, all wine and beer by the glass is half off. We ordered some wine, I got the Riesling and he got the pinot grigio. I really liked the riesling and he liked the pinot, but I wasn't a fan. To each his own though. So we ordered the bruschetta plank with the prosciutto, fig, and mascarpone, the tomato, mozz, basil, and balsamic, the pulled pork and peston, and the garlic, arugula, and goat cheese. They were all excellent. So in comparison to Postino, I'd say these are on par (with the tomato and mozz one being way better here). Plus we didn't have to wait forever for the food. Each piece of bruschetta is smaller than the ones at postino though. We ended up ordering a margherita pizza. This was so good, it was exactly what I expect in a good margherita pizza. It had whole leaves of basil and the mozz clearly came from a ball of cheese and not shredded cheese. It all tasted really fresh. I thought this pizza was much better than the Marg. I got at Classic Italian Pizza a few weeks ago. The crust was a lot less burnt and the toppings tasted fresher. Then, cuz it's the BF's Bday, we got an order of tiramisu. Mmmmm this was so good! The tiramisu did not have an overwhelming alcohol flavor, but a very light coffee flavor that was very tasty. It had a really good sized piece of tiramisu with two little wafers in it and some chocolate sauce and raspberry sauce on the side. It was excellent! This was one of the best meals I've had in awhile, and I don't know if it was the wine, but this was also the best meal I've had at La Bocca.This is some of the best pizza in town.  You would never know it if you weren't looking for it.  Everything here is good.  Great place for pizza, wine and sit outside and watch the people walk by.best bruschetta ever!!! out of the many times that i've been, the ingredients are always fresh!TO TRY: the bruschetta (i always get the pesto, roasted garlic, roasted artichoke and lastly the mozzarella, basil, etc), caprese salad is VERY good and i've tried the white chocolate macadamia cookie with ice cream on top! it was great!NOT SO GOOD: i found the Mediterranean plate slightly disappointing, as I LOVE hummus and the taste of their hummus fell short and was rather salty for me. they're caesar salad was not one of my favorites either.other than that, the atmosphere is great and i try to take at least a monthly trip to la bocca for my beloved bruschetta!P.S. my most recent visit to La Bocca and a check-in on Yelp earned me a free cookie with ice cream on top :O)I will always remember my first time. It was a late Tuesday night, the lights were dim and the music was soft. I wasn't really sure where to start - but I was lucky to be with a date that was willing to show me. Honestly, I love La Bocca SO much it's a romantic affair! I have spent many of nights on the patio, enjoying glass after glass of wine with good company.

Always a friendly smile behind the counter, with good services following.

Aric said that was not a problem and that is when Erica started teaching me piano. She is a really great teacher and has helped me progress very well. She is a master of the piano and realyl knows how to teach you how to play.

Cochinita Yucatan-style pit barbecue pork/ marinated onions 

Food here is nice and with reasonable price. You should come and check out.Delicious! Can't believe we never ate here until today. Very unique dishes, great portions at affordable prices. The drinks are well made and you can't beat a free dessert for leaving a review!Really enjoyed myself. Great time with mom. Korean BBQ virgins and they were very helpful. Delicious!! Tons of food.Happy hour specials all week!! We came on a Sunday and ordered from the happy hour menu.  Favorites were Bulgogi and Beef toro!  Sides were delicious too!  Clean and great atmosphere! Will definitely be visiting again.Excellent. ... the sides wowed me! Loved the oyster mushrooms.  Also had tge chili dumplings which were AWESOME. .. I visit LAS often and will be back for sure! Thanks to my BF for pointing me here tonightYessssssssssssss

Can't wait to return.My brother had his graduation dinner here in addition to us frequenting Artigiania many times during our university years in Montreal.The owner is very intelligent and knowledgable about authentic Italian cuisine.The wood fired Neopolitan pizza is delicious in addition to the pastas. The strength of this restaurant is in the desserts specifically the zeppole fritte.WOW !!

Grapes are picked by their own employees or volunteers!This place is RIDICULOUSLY cool. So cool it made me feel even cooler when I went in there. The Old Sugar Distillery has fantastic cocktails -- my favorite was the Honey-Cap (Similar to a Caipirinha, but different enough to be even MORE cool). I wouldn't have known this place was here if a friend hadn't suggested we go... even when she first suggested I was thoroughly confused. It even looks like it's in an abandoned warehouse. The hours are a little funky, but the atmosphere is awesome and that more than makes up for it. As I said before... toooo cooool!A little pricey, but for a night where you forget you're in Madison and think you're in some swanky old town hideaway it's well worth it!Drinks are amazing and only about 6 bucks. I feel like that does not need much more elaboration and sums up why I love this place. Has a great vibe and always a decent sized crowd on the weekend. Make this place your first stop for a night out on the town since they close at 10pm. This is one of my favorite spots to bring friends visiting from out of town. I can't really name a drink that isn't good on the menu. Menu isn't extensive but it really doesn't need to be since the quality of the drinks is what makes this place special.Tucked away in a more industrial part of the city, there lies a place where great drinks are made and the sound of the main ingredient in those drinks distills in the background. And it is here that you can get a pretty good cocktail for a damn good price as well. And! and! most liquors are available to sample (generously sample) before you choose.Of those offered, the whiskey is definitely top notch. There's very little hint of burn at the end. You could even swish it around and gargle with it. Yep, I said it. Now do it.The rest aren't bad either. Especially the ouzo, which is normally the grossest liquor anyone ever invented, but not here.Also, unlike some so-called "distilleries," they actually distill their own alcohol - quality alcohol.By far my favorite bar in Madison.  The craft cocktails will make it hard to go back to a regular old rum and coke.  Try their Honey Cap, Fall Special, or Chai Toddy (with honey liquor).  The ambiance is great.  Very laid back and chill.  A more mature crowd and a bit hipster.  Seriously the best place in Madison.I have Honey-Cap on my mind! Delicious drinks, friendly staff, cool inside, and a patio area outside. I've been here twice for after dinner drinks and would come back time and time again. This is a must stop if you live in Madison or are visiting the area.  Parking is easily available on the street, and there's plenty of seating either inside or outside at their picnic tables. Definitely a great spot to sit outside during summer, or hide inside during the cold winter months. They do close at 10 p.m., so be sure to plan accordingly.The only negative...the drinks are so good you can easily run up your tab. :)Honey cap indeed. It's like having honey with lime soda.

Very professional. ..

Will definitely be back for a sushi fix!Quick look: Best & Most Authentic JAPANESE Restaurant in Vegas. Have been to many and I have not found a sushi restaurant as one as on-point as Miko's. It's my go-to spot and it has NEVER disappointed. In depth review: Have held off on writing this review as it feels like my own secret hidden gem and I fear that too many good reviews will only create a buzz and over-run this small spot w/ annoying foodies. The owner Greg and his wife are of Japanese descent (rare as most sushi restaurants in vegas are Korean owned). Greg manages the front of house while his wife handles the kitchen duties. Greg is selective on who he serves and how he serves. People looking for the typical "all you can eat" sushi restaurants, take-out service or with small children should look elsewhere. Step out of line and insult his craft or staff and you could be politely asked to leave. With that said, he's really nice and they put a lot of love and detail into their service and food. You well feel at home at Miko's. It is DINE-IN only and it is a small restaurant that has about a dozen tables of various size and a sushi bar with another dozen seats. They are closed on Sunday and Monday as the fish on these days is typically not at it's freshest locally. The menu consists of hot items that are old family recipes and a large sushi menu. The sushi is delicious, fresh and presented similar to the fancy restaurants on the strip (Nobu, Yellowtail etc.). The rice is real winner here. Really makes the difference and their rolls and Nigiri is top notch because of it. The new sushi chef is from a well known spot in China Town and certainly knows how to create and serve. It's an art that they take serious. Have NEVER had a piece that had that "fishy" taste and it is always fresh and you can tell they use top quality fish. The service is spot on and you will not feel rushed. I have been telling myself that one of these days I am going to order from the traditional menu and try some of the old family recipes. The issue is that the sushi is so delicious that I can help myself from ordering it. Always see a lot of Japanese clientele enjoying these dishes and one of these days I will ask Greg for some advice and try to skip the sushi. If that's possible... Advice: 

do, and I know Bucky appreciates it.  She is a great dog walker all

By 7pm ...... it was a full house.       We were a group of four .....

5.  Chocolate cart is pretty amazing and I don't even like sweets.  But we already had too much to eat and drink by this point.  They gave us some boxes so we could take a bit of everything to go.

Hung's Hair Design, 

And that's for all of timeOh Bo Bites, Let's go to Pizza People Pub...

Lastly, we had the Warm Chocolate Cake. My Oh My. Soo good. Make sure you order this with your entrees as it's a pre-order only. It had this creamy vanilla sauce and pistachios. I thought the pistachios would be a little over powering but they used it soo lightly that it was more like little hidden notes behind their masterpiece of a lava cake. It's actually very similar in texture and taste as Fleming's chocolate cake without the saltyness. $6.50

With respect to the store it was clean well organized and easy to navigate. I look forward to a a lot of repeat trips.I can't compare this Costco to the Costcos in my home state (Maryland) because I never had my own membership and only went once or twice with my parents when I was a kid. However, I did bring myself to get the Gold Star Membership, even though I am single (for now?). I spent the first hour walking through every aisle, looking at every product, and typing the prices into my phone. After mentally comparing the prices here with the prices at other grocery stores, I concluded that Costco offers much better bargains for most items. So, I went ahead picked up everything that I needed (and did not need).After another hour of intense shopping, my cart was filled to the brim with Greek yogurt, eggs, chips, coffee beans, cereal, paper towels, toilet paper, Ziploc bags, toothpaste, almonds, and so much more. I even bought a tub of protein powder (yes, Costco sells Optimum Nutrition Chocolate Whey Protein Isolate, MusclePharm Combat Cookies N' Cream Protein Blend, and CytoSport Whey Protein!). I heard that they sell meat for good prices. I can't vouch for that statement, however, because I'm a vegetarian.I also saw that they sell clothes and books in the middle of the warehouse. I haven't taken a close look at those because I usually buy my clothes elsewhere and read e-books.The staff at the registers are very fast in scanning a cartload (or more) of items. For those who don't know already, you can only pay in cash, American Express, debit/ATM cards, or with Costco Cash Cards (gift cards). Once I paid, I head towards the exit, where an employee member of two stand on either side to check our receipts to ensure everything is accounted for.I keep hearing about all these amazing free samples that could potentially be enough for a meal. Maybe I went on a slow day because I didn't find more than one or two free sample stations. I guess I should go on a weekend to get the full experience, despite the potential parking issues and high traffic inside and outside the store.Before I left for home, I filled up my car at the Costco gas station adjacent to the warehouse. $2.29 per gallon for regular unleaded (when $2.40 or higher is the national average)? Yes, please! Again, you can only pay with American Express, Costco Cash Card, or debit/ATM card.Who doesn't like Costco? (insert people chiming in saying they don't ha) I love Costco and have been going for years though more recently with my own membership. I used to jack my mom's card or tag along with a friend all the time. I first started in California where the parking lot was insanely full all the time (that store was right off the 78) and the lines for gas were ridiculous.Now that I have my own membership and this location is really convenient for me, I find myself constantly getting gas here without the long lines and shopping for things in bulk like chicken, beef, eggs, household items, and socks. Always need socks because washer/dryer steals them. They usually have some good deals on many things I really don't need, but want anyway. I have to be careful and selective because my cart adds up quick if I'm going down the aisles and grabbing things. It's worth the membership price per year for the gas and bulk items (even though I'm only buying for myself) because I spend less time grocery shopping trying to restock items I'll use anyway.I got an inflatable mattress from a Costco out of state and had to exchange it two or three times at this Costco, which I was able to do without an original receipt since I had a membership and it was all done quickly with great customer service. Such a bonus! Even though I haven't eaten their in-store cafe near the exit in forever, I still love the cheap options and totally recommend the frozen yogurt even in the winter.This store's layout is easy and their customer service is great. A good tip to remember is to try to shop on a weekday. My experience has been easy in and easy out when I go right after work or a little bit later on. The weekends keep the store busy so there will definitely be lines.Great deals On useful items for a growing family.  Gas prices are also great. If you shop here a lot get the executive membership.I can't believe I went this long without writing a review for Costco.Costco is 'da bomb'. But seriously. If you aren't a member, I suggest visiting a Costco with a friend/family member who is OR getting a guest pass to check out the deals. It's worth it.Gift cards, cell phones, ink for your printer, laundry detergent, basically all household staples... Costco has and for the best prices (most of the time).Considering I don't have a deep freezer, and there's only two adults in my home, I don't stock up on all things the way that I would like to. But my personal staples at Costco are laundry detergent, bottled water, organic spring mix, pre-packed skinless boneless chicken and red peppers. They also have awesome deals on baby clothes and just clothes in general- I have multiple pairs of Costco pants and I am not ashamed! GAS is also always a steal at Costco! I need premium gas in my car and Costco always has the best price.Another AWESOME thing about Costco? The employees are well paid, with great benefits and they are always SO friendly and helpful. I enjoy supporting a business that treats their employees well and in return, the employees treat their customers very well. I have never had bad customer service at any Costco that I have visited and this location in particular. From the person greeting you at the door to the person folding clothes, they are always friendly.And the last awesome perk of shopping at Costco? RETURNS. They will basically take anything back at Costco- with the exception of electronics (you have 90 days to return, I believe- don't quote me on that). Example: Bought an eco-friendly laundry detergent once, tried it on a few washes, didn't like it- Costco took it back no questions asked. It's nice to not be haggled and harassed when taking back something that I don't like.Costco is awesome. Go there now.This place is amazing.  We ordered a bottle of wine and the cork broke as they were opening it.  So the manager bought us a $80 bottle of wine on her.  She was super nice.  We ordered fried zucchini as an appetizer and it was amazing.  This is the one of the few places that I have ever been to that cooked my steak perfect, Med Rare warm on the inside.  The crab was wonderful and the desert, forget about it.  We loved it so much that we decided to eat here two nights in a row.  Wonderful, expensive but wonderful.I was taken here by a Japanese friend.  Yes the place is small.  Only about 30 seats.  I'd suggest no parties over 4 people.  It's a cozy room with 5 seats at the counter so I'd even be tempted to go there solo.The food is quality!  And while I may not be a connoisseur it's seems more authentic over the more popular izakaya restaurants in town.  Memorable menu items.  Their homemade tofu!!  Grilled tendon, kobe beef,  foie gras, mochi wrapped in aburaage and ahi collar.  Desserts:  Cheesecake and watermelon sorbet.  I'm definitely goin back!I've eaten quite a few meals that have left me feeling satisfied.

Tanya was a sweetheart and very helpful! 

If you're looking for delicious comfort food, go check it out!I haven't eaten everything on the menu (yet), but most everything I've had seems to have Korean influences, which makes sense given that the owners are Korean.I got some wonton soup today. It's really not much like traditional wonton and Korean flavor peeks through....but it's delicious, comforting, and a bargain.The tacos are now $1.25 and still muy delicious! I came in for takeout, but Lynda still brought me out a side of chips with salsa and guacamole. The chips were kind of soggy in the middle like homemade...and that's the way I like my chips, but others might disagree.Still, a ton of food, and a ton of flavor, for very little money. And I still love this place!this place is DELICIOUS! the workers are very nice, the portions they give are HUGE and full of flavor. you can eat in or take out and no matter what, the food is always the best quality. they have mexican, chinese, and korean food and everything always has a good twist to it. i recommend the fusion tacos with chicken and a lettuce shell, and also the orange chicken where you get a BIG serving of orange chicken and white rice. they have something to offer for everyone and its not expensive at all so go try it!! :DThis place is awesome.  As the other people has posted your portions are HUGE, have great flavor and is really cheap.  The wife and I went here and had the fusion tacos.  I got the pork and it had awesome flavor (in tortilla).  She got chicken in lettuce and it was a little bland but I added some of the red chili paste and it was great.  They served us chips and salsa and the salsa was pretty good too.  The chips were crispy and soggy at the same time.  Some people like this, I don't really as they are chewy.  The fried wontons were good also, but not as good as being in Korea and getting yakimando.  The bulgogi was HUGE and AWESOME.  The total bill was 20 bucks and we took more than 1/2 home.  I asked Linda if the wonton was like yaki and she picked up that I had been to Korea before and offered some kimchi.  She said it's not on the menu but it is there if you want it.  It was good and you could tell it had some bubbly fermentation to it.My wife heard about this place on Yelp and really wanted to try it. So we ventured over last weekend. I am glad we did!This is one of the best Korean/Mexican fusion places I have been to. WAAAY better than Hanshik taco and maybe even better than the famous Kogi trucks in L.A.We got the chicken, beef, and pork fusion tacos. We got the chicken in a lettuce wrap and the other two in a corn tortilla. We also ordered the bulgogi burrito. Everything was great. I preferred the tacos, but that has a lot to do with the fact that I'm not a big fan of rice in my burritos.I plan to be a regular customer.Korean, Mexican FUSION? HAD to give it a try and holy mole the value of this place and the amount of food AND flavor wonderful :)  If your one of those people who wants a 'fancy' place to enjoy great food, move on and leave this hidden gem to the rest of us.  

The manager Christian came by to greet us and discuss the specials and his favorite menu items, which sounded so fabulous, one of my associates ended up going with his suggestion of the ribs - he was not disappointed.

8. Dark chocolate peanut butter cream cake with peanut brittle and peanut butter powder. Amazing. We took two bites, but had to take the rest to go because we literally couldn't eat any more! 

Die obere Etage wird aktuell umgebaut. Ich hoffe, dass es demnächst fertig wird und man wieder oben komfortabel sitzen kann. Da es direkt östlich an der Postgallerie und somit fast zentral liegt , lohnt sich der Besuch.Ok, I've never been to any other German gig venues so this isn't exactly the most objective review ever.  However, this was simply one of the best gig experiences I've ever had in terms of the venue, and I also got to see Neurosis supported by Amenra which was one of my life goals.  All in all, Substage has left me with some awesome memories.Things I liked about the venue:- maybe I'm just not metal enough, but I liked that the place didn't feel grimey, even if it's located out amongst the warehouses etc.-  there's a large selection of beer.  When I went (Summer 2013) there were about 10 different options, most of which were priced at around €3.00-4.00 each.  Seriously?  Considering that most UK venues charge £5 for a pint of Carling, this almost brought tears to my eyes.- There's also a wine SELECTION- There's food.  With meat and vegetarian options.Basically, it's everything I've ever wanted from a gig venue and it makes me sad that I've not experience anything similar at a UK gig.  As for the musical side - the venue could have been a bit darker, but it didn't detract from either performance.  The sound system's not earth shakingly loud and I had some pretty strong ear protectors in, so I wasn't totally immersed in the sound, but it did the job.Anyway, I was really happy with my experiences here and I hope someday somewhere in the UK might try to just...serve better beer.  And food.  And not have heavy security who enjoy enforcing riot control as soon as the lights go up again.  One day.Wir waren dort in der Notfallambulanz.Freundliche Aufnahme an der Anmeldung. Die Ambulanz selbst war brechend voll. Dennoch kamen wir nach nur 10 Minuten schon dran. Die Ärzte waren sehr nett und nahmen sich genug Zeit. Alles in Allem eine sehr positive Erfahrung.Das Tiziano ist ein schönes Eis-Cafe am Schloßplatz von Ettlingen. Man kann sehr schön draußen sitzen (wie an vielen Stellen des schönen Ettlingen), die Sonne genießen und einen Eisbecher schlemmen. Apropos Eis: Das Eis ist sehr gut. Sehr aromatisch und recht große Kugeln.Typisches chinesisches Schnellrestaurant mit dem üblichen Speiseangebot. Leckere und große Portionen bei trotzdem guter Qualität und vor allem angenehmen Preisen. Die Bedienung ist nett und zuvorkommend. Perfekt für die schnelle Portion Currynudeln.Frisch gekocht. Sehr freundlich. Ich esse hier regelmäßig z.B. Schwein mit Erdnusssoße. Essen zum mitnehmen kann man auch telefonisch vorbestellen, dann geht's schneller.这家餐厅还挺不错吃的，那天点了水煮牛肉，好像是老板亲自下厨的，份量给的非常足，以我的食量完全是两人份，再次要说的是口味，水煮牛肉不是传统川式作法，更像是海派水煮牛肉，辣的程度还好，花椒面必不可少，這樣的做法对于一个杭州人来说这样的味道觉得还是很落胃的，這家店要是价格再便宜点，食量上再少一點，品质完胜wok man！Ich habe eine Freundin in der Nähe von Karlsruhe besucht, die mir was Schönes zeigen wollte. So ist sie mit mir in ebendieses Atelier gegangen.

2nd Visit 2015 June for my Bday. This place is beautiful, we went for lunch. They really treat you like absolute royalty. There were three of us, we ate and ate and ate, all of the employees were absolutely A+++, Ambiance, Service, Food A+++. I got a free desert.

Great Drinks!

Stuffed dates

Creme brûlée is on point af. Green tea crepe is hella on point bruh. For a refreshing drink, I recommend the lychee ice green tea. Free wifi and great set up! The owners are super chill and nice peeps. I love how the location is in the cut, because if it wasn't, it would always be pack af.This hidden gem has the best honey toast.  Omg...we loved it.  We had a craving and went at 10:30 pm as YELP has it listed as closing at midnight.  To our disappointment it was closed tho. :-(  u won't see this place from spring mt.  It's in the back near the covered parking.  The guy is nice too and remembers me...I guess it's not that nice when I'm a tourist coming straight days.  Drinks are good too.  I had a Nutella Frappe.  Yummy!Delicious desssseerrrttttsss! I will try their creme brûlée next and a new drink! Thank you for my first time experience!Great service, amazing food, quaint atmosphere and wi-fi!  Can't ask for more than that.This place was amazing. The honey toast is choice. You can build your own and you can't go wrong with a combination. Bonus points for being open late.It was my first time here today. I tried the Green Tea Layer Cake.  It was sooooo good and delicious!!! Just FabulousGotta try this new spot! They have nice desert sweets, smoothies, coffee, and a view. This place is on a small hill. That you can overlook the view of the strip and also a mountain. Well I like it in overall.Amazing! Love the desserts and coffee here :) the owners are so kind and their coffee never disappoints. I recommend this place to any coffee lovers out there ;)This is a nice place to get some really delicious drinks. They have an amazing varieties of drinks to choose from. We ordered five different types of drinks each of us sampled each other's drink. I like the mango flavored one the best. We also had a couple of desserts both tasted great.I love this place and I would definitely go back there. Is nice and quiet, The furniture is hodgepodge that I love. The whole rustic feeling. Drinks dessert very delicious. Customer service great.Cute little place. Very hard to find since its at the end of the building. But great customer service from a young man when I came in on Wednesday Sept. 30th. Ordered a chocolate cake and strawberry ice cream. I thought they were going to put the cake on a small plate and the ice cream in a bowl but instead it came on one long plate designed with fruits and syrup. Definitely coming back!Definitely a hidden gem! Thanks to a friend I was able to find this little Cafe in the back. It's pretty much impossible to see IS SWEET when driving down the street so I'm glad to see them doing well. Staff is very friendly, the shop itself is cute and welcoming, Decided to sit outside even though it was cold, and we had a thought it would be nice to have a small miniature fireplace out there for when it's cold. Also the lady came out in the cold to deliver what we ordered. Thank you! =) On to the dessert, it was very sweet (of course), I expected the green tea crepe cake to be warm, as if it was straight off the griddle. It was cold or rather cool but still very delicious. The texture was soft and "melting-like," very satisfying. Also ordered was honey toast. Everywhere else I've ordered this came with vanilla ice cream, as they didn't add any. We were 100% okay with this since the weather circumstances. Boy was the honey toast great! Warm, super soft on the inside, with semi crunchy crust makes great honey toast. Highly recommend this place to anyone with a sweet tooth or craving dessert after dinner. Two thumbs upWhat a cute little cafe. We grabbed lunch next door at Viet Noodle Bar and decided to walk down the shopping complex to this cafe. Loved the atmosphere from the moment we walked in. Mismatched chairs, cute table and great lighting. I was already full from lunch but decided a honeydew iced tea would quench my thirst! The kind server brought out the drink almost immediately and boy was it delicious! Next time when I have my space in my tummy I'm going to try the honeydew frappé! My fiancé and I decided to sit outside at one of the tables and soak in the sun. Good times.First thing you need to know, this gem turned up in our search for bubble tea, but they DO NOT serve bubble tea. IS SWEET specializes in refreshing flavored ice teas, lattes, and desserts. Even if you don't get your tapioca ball fix, this place is so worth checking out.Here's why:

The ribs come with fries and coleslaw. Sandwich comes with fries, or coleslaw, or cottage cheese (interesting option, cottage cheese)The ribs were not 'fall off the bone', but were meaty and tasty. We also liked that they were not smothered in BBQ sauce, and they come with sauce on the side.The place looks modern and clean. The seating outdoors seemed nice too.

Now for the seats: AMAZING!! Fully reclining, better than my couch, oh my God we might just come here to escape the kids and nap kind of comfortable. You also get a little tray for your drinks, snacks so you can dress up and not worry about popcorn grease getting on your clothes. The seats also have those arm rests that go up, so if you want to snuggle with your honey, you totally can.

When I walked in I was greeted by the friendly staff and asked if I wanted a bottle water. Then when it was my turn they made sure that I was comfortable in my chair and even gave me a pillow. X-rays are probably the most uncomfortable thing to do at the dentist but the woman that helped me was very quick and made sure she did it right the first time. She was also very friendly. Next I saw the doctor and she really knew her stuff. She made me feel comfortable and didn't judge me because my teeth are not perfect. Last but not least the woman that cleaned my teeth was super cool. She made my teeth feel like 1 million bucks. Another good reason to go to the dentist you get a free toothbrush and can pick the color.I have always been skeptical when going to the dentist, in fact I cannot stand going to the dentist. I chipped a molar about a week and a half ago. I decided to check out Gentle Dental because it was close to my work and I'm glad that I did. The staff was extremely nice and considerate. I believe the dentists name was Dr. Troglin, she was fantastic. Everyone on staff was very personable from the front desk to the DMD.Love the staff at this location. I went here 13 months ago. I had moved to North Scottsdale and seeing that the drive to this location is 30 minutes I tried two different dentistries. Not happy! They were double the price and not as nice. The staff here are all so sweet and caring! I called and made an appointment yesterday because I'm willing to make the 30 minute drive to come here. I feel much more comfortable at this office, the staff cares about you and not just making money off of you. Better prices than most dentistries and great work. I'm actually a certified dental assistant, I haven't practiced in the field for 11 years, but I still pay attention to cleanliness and practice! This office does it right and knows how to build a loyal clientele. They even have a dental discount plan to cover major surgery if your insurance does not cover it. I will be making the drive to visit this location. Highly recommend!My wife and I have been going to the same dentist for 30 years and last year when we retired we asked out dentist office about cash pricing since we would no longer have corporate subsidized dental insurance. Raised a family with 6 children, now all grown, that had regular consistent dental care with the same office. My point being the dental office really had 8 clients in our immediate family for 30 years and that is no small chunk of change. So...I was surprized when they told me their rates were what they were and no cash or non-insurance rate card was available. Over the years I paid extra to this dentist because my insurance explanation of Benefits would mark certain procedures and or materials outside the normal and customary range of charges. The office assured me they were better on both accounts. Well I looked for someone else and came across gentle dental based on a flyer I received in the mail touting their pricing plans. I inquired and had a consultation with recommendations regarding my current conditions and anticipated needs. The consult was very inexpensive (can't remember exactly but next to nothing which included X-rays) and they recommended buying into their plan. I told them I wanted to think about it. I came home and compared the cost of my portion of the insurance plan at my previous dentist with the cost of buying the in-house plan at Gentle Dental and I was still better off with the new place. I committed and my experience has been excellent. Friendly staff, super friendly Dentist, Dr. Tesoniero. She could not be friendlier and patient in explaining my options and answering my questions. Wasn't pushy, but genuinely eager to share her love of dentistry with me as long as I was willing to listen. I just came from there after having a temporary for two front teeth procedure and thougt I would write a review. Certainly no trip to the dentist is cheap, but my findings conclude this place is a better value than I have experienced prior.Bill has been and amazing jeweler for me and my wife over the past seven years. We have upgraded our ring with him and added different bands to my wife's wedding ring. He gets the job done and is so reasonably priced we have probably sent 20 different customers to him. Each and every customer that we have sent to him has been very happy with his service! I will use him for the next 30 years of my life.I absolutely love the custom designed ring Bill helped my Fiancé design. Being able to make it custom to exactly what I wanted. We just went back last week to design our wedding band and again had the most amazing experience with Bill. Super knowledgeable and friendly. Would recommend to anyone looking for a beautiful diamond or any piece of jewelry!Bill has always been honest and upfront business man. My wife and I have bought many rings and jewelry from him. I have sent multiple family and friends to him and all have been amazed with his quality of work and able to customize rings. I will be the first to say Bill is not a crook. When my wife and I bought our engagement ring we were able to set up a payment plan and we did not take delivery of the ring until it was paid off. Bill is very flexible. Bill's buisiness ethics is one of the highest quality in the market today. My mother in law wanted to get her wedding band customized and Bill and I wanted to accommodate her wishes and after careful discussions with Bill and my mother in law, my mother in law saw what she had in mind would not turn out good and Bill wants to make sure all his work will be of quality.  My mother in law is very happy with the consideration and expertise Bill has. My sister who is a LEO got her engagement and wedding band from Bill and absolutely loves the price and quality of his work.My final thoughts on Bill is I will still highly recommend Bill to my family and friends to this day and still plan on buying from him. I know i get good quality at a very reasonable price. I am a first responder and like most hard working people out there it is nice to find a business that appreciates the first responders and who else offers a referral program like Bill Anderson? Not many.This place does it for me.  Delivery usually takes them less than the quoted time, the salads are good, the pizza is good, the sandwiches and gyros are good.  Prices are great.Great food. Excellent portions. The staff was great and very helpful . This place is perfect for ordering for big gatherings. I will definitely be coming back here$20 pizza and wings deal is amazing. Can never go wrong with it. Pizza is thin as hell,But it's a good thin. Always come to them for pizza orders.I have been driving by this restaurant for weeks wanting to try it and we finally did. Good thing we waited because it just opened this week! Very impressed. The food was delicious and the service was quick and attentive. The hot habanero salsa had a good kick to it and my friend even declared it inedible due to the spiciness so fortunately for me I got it all to myself. She also said the shrimp tacos were the best she's ever had. My boyfriend is a very plain eater and the restaurant was able to accommodate our request for a "plain bean and cheese burrito" with no hesitation. I will probably come back in the afternoon sometime for lunch when it's not so busy.This place is awesome. Came here on it's first day and, although it needs a few minor changes, it is my new favorite Mexican place! We are friends with the owners, and eat at their other restaurant, Stone and Vine, frequently. I recommend getting the pineapple salsa, which was out favorite one. DEFINITELY will return to enjoy the food, service, and atmosphere.I've been to this restaurant twice now, and I'll keep coming back. I'm so excited to have this new place to eat and hang out at in my own backyard. They have a great atmosphere and great food. I had the tacos last night, and they were fantastic. Great drinks too.Have visited a couple of times and the food has really improved.  On our latest visit we had the Pollo en Mole taco and it was simply amazing, the Barbacoa taco was fantastic.  My husband had the Asada taco and said it would be one he would order again.  We had the habanero salsa, it was very good had lots of kick just the way we like it.  Salt and Lime will be a definite repeat.Great find...we decided to try this fairly new arrival to the Mexican food market, and, glad we did. The restaurant decor is very nice, including a large bar. They also have a nice patio for outside dining. We were greeted at the door promptly and decided on outside dining with the evening being nice. Our waitress was prompt in taking our drink order and returned with chips and a great roasted salsa. We choose the Green Chili ENCHILADAS, which were excellent. Creamy and spicy with moist chicken. Our other selection was the gourmet tacos. Choosing the Baja fish taco, filled with a nicely battered white fish fillet, fresh cabbage, and wonderful sauce. The other was the carne asada taco. The meat was tender and moist, and very flavorful. They are served on either corn or flour tortilla, or, as a lettuce wrap. At $4.50 this was priced right. We ordered a side of Charro Beans, which could use some spice/heat. The prices were very good. The chips and salsa, first rate. The service was very good, too. We would definitely return to try more items on the menu...I am giving this place 5 stars. The margaritas with a pomegranate floater was so delicious that I had to have another. I had the Mole tacos that are one of the best things I have ever tasted. The waitress was super helpful and friendly. I will be back for more. This place is tasty with a sexy ambiance.  Love it!Yummy!  Highly recommend this place for authentic Mexican tacos, great salsa and shrimp burrito!  Will be back!!!For a small taco joint, it doesn't get much better than Salt and Lime. Started off with some amazing, spicy chips/salsa, moved onto some guacamole, then ordered El Pastor, Carne Asada and Fish tacos...  Everything was amazing and the service was great.A must!Went on a Saturday night, were seated immediately.  It was pretty busy, there were never more than 2-3 tables empty.The atmosphere:  Modern, industrial weathered decor, but the right touch of rustic.   Definitely going against the traditional mexi-rest decor.  Think of a mexican restaurant you might stumble upon in Fallout: New Vegas or Mad Max.  The pinatas and sombreros have been stripped away, all that's left is weathered metal, dark wood, and muted colors, modest lighting (which is the perfect accompaniment) and great food.  The restaurant does face west and they have an ample patio to enjoy views of the mountains and sunsets.The service:  Attentive, friendly, not too talkative and prompt.  Michelle was our server near the bar and she efficiently took our orders, answered everything we asked.  When the food came out I was impressed that it was brought by 3 different people to make sure we were served efficiently.  Nice touch.The menu:  Very creative.  Not over the top, plenty of standards but you can tell the kitchen took the time to consider and put their personal touch on each and every dish.  Since it was happy hour, we stuck mainly to the appetizers menu, but that was not a compromise.  More on food below.  The humble chicken quesadilla came with a delicious spicy avocado crema.  The drinks:  My only suggestions lie with the cocktails and the wines.  If they hired a mixology consultant or bartender as good as the chef, that would do it.  (I am available with a little notice.)  The drinks menu was adequate, but 4 reds and 4 whites (who's ordering all this red in a mexican restaurant?) and about 8 beers and 7-8 cocktails (4 of which sounded identical) was stingy at best.  Then there were like 30 tequilas.  OK, a little help here?  That said, my date's casa-rita was excellent and one was enough for her.  The wine pours were generous, at least 8-10 oz, which is good for the $6-10 glass prices.The food:  The food was excellent.  Definitely the best for at least 15 miles, from the chips and salsa to the ceviche, to the jalapeños rellenos which i loved.  Probably the only place I've had better neo-Mex was in New York city.  The presentation was  creative, colorful, well garnished and arranged.  Everything came out sizzling and the server was very attentive, visiting us at twice during our appetizer course.  Clearing was efficient as well, and I really like the team approach of this wait staff vs. having to scan for your one server all evening.  I will definitely be back to try the crispy fried carnitas and the full relleno.  I loved that the jalapeños rellenos were not fried, just stuffed and broiled.  Frying is great, but it's nice to have an un-fried option once in a while.The prices:  The prices were excellent for what you get, notably the specials.  Portions were very generous, so if something looked expensive, it is probably enough for 2 people.Great place! The deco was comfortable and fitting. I started with the homemade tortilla chips and the salsa sampler. All were very good and high quality. I had an el pastor taco, pork belly taco, and carnitas taco. They came out on a taco rack type of plate which was unique. I thought all three were great but the pork belly taco was awesome.  Our server Jade was very good and had nice suggestions since it was our first visit. Definitely a "go to" taco joint!!Salt & Lime makes me happy for so many reasons....Guacamole - delicious, fresh, big portion, about half the price of guac elsewhere.Queso - we had the chorizo version once and it was very good but we have had the plain cheese the last three times and it is really delicious.Quesadilla - tried it without the chicken, portion is huge and stuffed with cheese, not too greasy...just enough to make it indulgent.Nachos - we have had them a few times (minus chicken) and they really do a nice job here.  The chips are freshly made and they load them up with cheese, pico, sour cream, black beans, corn, and an avocado cream topping.  I feel like driving back for more nachos after typing this they're so good.Salsa - if you like salsa, do yourself a favor and get the 3 for $5.  Tomatillo salsa is better than you think it's going to be, it's thick and rich and tangy...not the pale green watery stuff you get at other places.  Pineapple - get it.  Habanero - to get such a great smoky flavor with that amount of heat is not easy, this place gets it right.  Chili de Arbol - I was bold on our first trip and said "no place really serves very hot salsa" (as it is listed on their menu), I was wrong.Tacos - Beef Barbacoa taco is the best of the bunch as far as I'm concerned. Carne Asada was good.  Pollo Mole - my husband still talks about this one, he loved it.Short Rib Barbacoa - we got this for the first time a few nights ago as take out...when I opened the container it was like some wonderful grandma was in the kitchen all day making a delicious Sunday dinner for us to enjoy.  It was a gigantic serving, fork tender, seasoned beautifully with potato and carrot in a brothy gravy.  All this and the prices are outstanding.  Parking can be tough in this busy mall but there is parking in the back.We visited Salt & Lime on a Sunday afternoon. Service was fast and efficient.  We loved the quinoa and shrimp taco and green chili chicken enchiladas. The pineapple salsa was fabulous, as was the tres leches. Price was reasonable and overall the food was very fresh and delicious. We will definitely come back soon!Love this place.  Great tacos, free chips and salsa, margaritas on tap.  The staff is always friendly.  Good tequila selection.  Perfect place too catch a game with a little bit of an island feel in the desert.What a great fresh mex restaurant. This weekend they are having happy hour drinks and food all weekend long. I can't complain, food is not bland and not to spicy but just right, actually awesome and  the service was outstanding. Our server Kristy, was prompt. I never had to think twice about when my next cocktail was arriving. She was courteous and kind, as well as asking me what i needed before I could tell her. The entire staff, from hostess at the front door to the bussers were awesome as well as the service and attention we had from the owner. The ambience is an upscale casual vibe with 5 flat screen Tv's showing any sport of your choice. They have a variety of drinks to choose from, including margaritta drinks from frozen to iced. Great family place, date nite, to social gatherings. I can't wait to go back. Price is very fair and well worth it. DavenaI went with three friends and we were all very pleased with our food. Excellent chips, the chicken fajitas were outstanding, chicken enchiladas were very good. All of us would come again!Service was great!1st time here and came for lunch!

They also offer homemade donut holes , have Peets Coffee, and have a Disney favorite which is Dole Whip. There are so many choices to make .. Your gonna need to come back for seconds and thirds. 

Vegetable Briyani was standard rice with veggies. Still good.

Unfortunately ultimately they did not have a vehicle that I was looking for ( I was looking for something very specific in pre-owned), but I would wholeheartedly recommend them for your shopping needs. Beautiful dealership, low pressure, accommodating and very thorough. Definitely ask for Veronique. She was very kind and helpful. We felt bad we didn't find what we were looking for there that day :(Buying a new vehicle can be such a stressful experience but not if you go to Camelback Hyundai. I would like to thank the folks at Camelback  for giving me a great car buying experience.Mark S and Curtis made purchading my new vehicle a truly quick and easy process. I was able to purchase the car I wanted for the price I wanted. I appreciate how helpful and respectful the staff at Camelback was to me and I would definitely recommend Camelback to anyone. If I am ever in need of another car I will definitely come visit you guys again!Went in for service on my Kia and could not be more pleased. A very professional operation from start to finish. I was helped by Jason and found him very competent and helpful. Highly recommend.I'm from out of state and was in need of a oil change , i called a few places before finding this Kia ! Service was quick , staff was great ! They got me in and out within 20minutes ! Thanks again .There are a bunch of things that I really like about Camelback Kia. 

I want to go back to AZ just to eat here againBaked potato pizza is to die for!!! So delicious. Great food and great happy hour prices.Food, service, and a constantly changing beer list is awesome! The bartender Kara is always on top of everything! Best reverse happy hour you can find anywhere! ---at all the locations! Great place for food and drink at a more than reasonable price, late night, Come here!!!!Me and my wife love this place!! The food is kinda pricey, but they have decent portions and it is VERY filling. We always have leftovers. Fun atmosphere, and we always get great service.The pizza here is amazing!  The crust and cheese that they use here is so good.  It is a little bit pricey, but it is worth the price.  The wife and I came on a busy Saturday night and they served us pretty fast and our server was quick to give us a refill.  I would recommend the meat lovers pizza since it has all of their meats and is cheaper than getting a custom pizza with all the meats on them.  Wish we would get one in Tucson since it's probably one of the best pizza places in the Valley.I have been here many times and I love this place, I have never had a  bad experience. I try something new each time, so far everything delicious. Great servers too!Great food. Great beers. Great atmosphere. I travel a lot and it is my routine to make a stop at mellow the night I get back into town. It helps me relax and decompress after a long business trip. It's a great laid back place. Don't be afraid to ask for beer recommendations. The staff knows their stuff. Also try the Kosmic Karma or Gourmet White!Mellow Mushroom has the best crust I've ever had on any pizza in Phoenix. We always end up buying the Hawaiian with extra onion and green pepper and mild wings. Both my 2 and 6 year-old kids loves it.Tasty food, good service. The Portobello appetizer could have had more than 1 mushroom. But the service was good & the happy hour prices are nice!Gluten Free Review....

Check it out!I am amazed how consistently awesome the service is at Dutch Bros Coffee.  Not only this one, but all of the locations.  I always love good energy and all you Dutch Bro team members have it.....You Guys Rock!I had gone to the Dutch Bros on McQueen which was by my work a few times and loved it, and I'm so glad this one opened because it's a mile from my place so I can go more often! Not only are the drinks uber delicious, the staff is always having a blast and very friendly and talkative. They even have different theme days like Mustache Monday and Tubular Tuesday, so it's always a treat to go and see what they're up to. I have gone there while being in a bad mood and they magically cheer me up. Being a drive-thru and not being Starbucks are already awesome alone, but add the yummy drinks and fun service, and I'm hooked! I would go even if the drinks weren't that good just because of the service. I don't think enough businesses realize how important that is.I ordered The Dutch Cocoa and it made my night even that much sweeter :)

5 - almond financiers, violet ice cream, basil seed meringue, and rhubarb / madeiraOur waitress, Monica, was among the best I've had - friendly, attentive, knowledgeable, and with impeccable timing. The drink pairings were so right on, I was able to guess what kind of food was coming; and, the food was high quality, fresh, bright, beautifully plated, and impeccably executed. I absolutely plan to go back for communal seating and a bird's eye view of the chefs in action. From the food to the drinks to the service, I cannot speak highly enough of the Salt experience. Salt is what makes the Pittsburgh food scene exciting, surprising, and worth every penny.Finally got to Salt, and oh my, it was heaven!It was a special occasion, so we went full tilt boogie, sampling *a few* of their specialty cocktails, as well as a four course dinner.I started with the beet salad, which was lovely, and the husbear had the sashimi--a little unexpected for this place, but it was quite good.Second course: I had the pork terrine, which was dotted with pistachios, and served with a hot little mustard which was terrific.  The terrine was indeed very porky LOL; it was nice that it tasted as advertised!  Husbear had the steak tartare, also delicious.Main course:  I had the hanger steak, served with roasted baby potatoes and some nice crispy onions.  Generous portion of steak, cooked to perfection...really, really sublime.  Salmon with ricotta dumplings kept my man quite satisfied.For dessert:  a coconut pudding served with a quenelle of ice cream, so, so good, and a nice little cheese plate finished us off completely!Pricy, yes, but great for a special occasion.  Server was great--knowledgeable on the entire menu, without hesitation, friendly and attentive but not intrusive--just like I like!Sad that they are closing!  Here for one of the last nights... 35 days to go.  Pecked!  Amazing meal the dessert to die for.  Tomorrow night Cure... Super excited about that!This place is not only very beautiful, but also extremely affordable for those who don't mind having a small (under 45 people) wedding. The owner, Lisa, is one of the nicest people my fiance and I have encountered during our quest for our ideal wedding on a budget.  So many other venues/ coordiantors were strict on telling us what we could/ couldn't/ should/ shouldn't do on out special day. Lisa, from the start, has had the "you tell me what you want and I'll do my best to make it happen" attitude. I highly, highly recommend checking this venue out!My husband and I were married at Cozy in April 2011 and we recommend it very highly.  Lisa helps make all the decisions easy and yet gives you the flexibility to have it the way you want at a reasonable price.  We had a beautiful, meaningful ceremony and made it special for our family and ourselves.  I look back on that day as being a wonderful start to the rest of my life and there was nothing to stress about.  Everything was smooth as silk.  Thank you for making our day so special!Our wedding is scheduled for April 16. We live in NYC, but we are having our wedding in Arizona since all of our family lives there. Planning a wedding far way is stressful, but Lisa is BEYOND amazing. She answered all of our emails promptly and was extremely flexible. I went out to visit the place last week and Lisa is just as sweet in person. The place is beautiful and I cannot wait to have my wedding there!I will update after the wedding, but I just had to let people know how easy it is plan here. She has a list of vendors available as well! We are using the florist and photographer she recommended, both are very nice to work with as well!WEDDING UPDATE: I was always planning to update, but after our event we knew we had to. My MIL was traveling to the wedding when she got into a car accident, thankfully nothing major. However, this meant that she would not arrive in time for our 6pm wedding. Lisa, Peggy (Cozy's minister), and Linda (the photographer) waited without charge until she arrived. We didn't start until 6:45 - none of them complained, rather they helped calm the nervous bride down. Our wedding was absolutely beautiful - everyone commented on how lovely and perfect (minus the delay) it was. If I could give more stars I would - Thank you for making my wedding day perfect!My wife and I were married here on March 7, and it was a FANTASTIC experience! . Cozy also can provide the cake, flowers  and the DJ through contracted businesses, so the wedding planning is as simple as it gets. Everyone attending commented on how nice the decor was and how quaint the location suited the event. All the costs, packages, and payments were explained up front. Lisa went out of her way to make our wedding memorable!Reasonably priced, professionally managed, and amazingly unique. I would highly recommend anyone to Cozy weddings.I was a brand new patient here and my experience was wonderful. All of my appointments were scheduled with ease and promptness. The staff members I encountered here were all very nice and Dr. Schuyler and Dr. Marti were wonderful. Dr. Schuyler did (8) white composite resin feelings for me and everything turned out great as this was the first time in my life I have ever had fillings performed. Carrie is wonderful, and Tonya "T" is wonderful. I recommend this location filled with outstanding staff members for anyone who requires dental attention and or assistance.Gotta love this Dental practice! Why? Dr. Marti and her staff! And they accomodate my every other Friday off schedule! Super professional, uber friendly, and most importantly (from a patient's standpoint) is that they are GENTLE! Drugs rule at the dental office (uh that would be LEGAL "drugs" like novacaine, etc.They have automated emails to remind you of appointments which is great.Just a really great practice with warm, friendly people who make going to the dentist as "pleasant" as possible. If you're looking for a Dentist I would highly recommend Dr. Marti and her practice!I have been attending dentistry of the carolinas for many years now and i adore Dr. Marti and Tonya! I always look forward to seeing them and i refer everyone i know to go and experience the same quality care that i do at dentistry of the carolinas! Dr. Marti, Tonya, and the DoC staff and friendly, genuine, caring,gentle, and nothing short of perfect! They surely give me plenty of reasons to smile!Always friendly and time-conscience. My dental assistants are so sweet and always make me feel comfortable. Also a bright and welcoming environment! Love this dentist!We love this FedEx! My business drops off at least 15 packages a week and they're always super friendly and incredibly helpful. If the copies we make don't turn out as well as we've hoped, they take them behind the counter to improve the quality. A manager helped me ship something overseas last week and it was a breeze!! They do get super busy, but everyone we've worked with has been great!Our office in Chicago called and emailed this FedEx Office to help us print 2 portfolios for our clients, which were being picked up by a courier.  I found the staff (via phone calls and from the finished product) to be on top of their game, reliable and quick.  They got our order finished in an hour and helped us deliver very important documents to our client - they even called me to reassure me that the job had been printed and picked up.  Big thank you from ChicagoI contacted SEVERAL Realtors, but Ika Frogel CLEARLY stood out above the rest. He is proactive, goes above and beyond the call of duty, knows the industry better than any I've worked with, and always shows me EXACTLY what I'm looking for! Never a moment wasted!Ika's expertise and experience as an INSTRUCTOR of Real Estate agents AS WELL as a realtor himself helped to put me in TOP position in the group of bidders on the house I wanted. He knows how to win when sellers play hard ball, and how to write a 'clean' offer that they'll accept! In this market I feel so lucky to have found him! On top of all that, he is FANTASTIC to be around! He is kind, friendly, thoughtful, funny, poised, eloquent, precise, and effective! 100% like-able, and 100% proficient! What more could anyone ask? If you work with Ika, you're guaranteed to be a satisified customer! Although he has other clients, he'll treat you like you're number one! Do yourself a favor and call him!Simply put...awesome.  Ika is a true professional.  He loves what he does and seeks nothing but perfection in delivering services.  I could give example after example of what he does.  Here is there when you call him...he will provide input and advice when asked...but will patiently wait as you sort through your thoughts.I have purchased two homes through Ika and have sold one.  On each transaction, I walked away feeling it was a fair deal.  I have tried other agents in this town...but will never do so again.  If you need an agent that will serve "your" needs and not their own, look no further.Thank you Ika for what you have done for us to this point.  I am sure there is more to come...Ika is the most professional realtor you could possibly ask for. He works hard and does the job with an amazing amount of knowledge, experience and skill. Ika will keep you informed of what you need to know before you ever have to ask.  He has many years in the business and in the area and clearly loves every aspect of the work he does. Ika employs a a transaction co ordinator that is also a joy to work with and who keeps the process on track and in motion. I can not say enough good things about the wonderful experience of working with Ika on a sale and a purchase. I will work with him again and recommend him highly to everyone I can.

I think 99 Bottles has been open for a year now, and they have made a lot of improvements since they started. Currently they have around 30 beers on tap and probably around 300 in bottles. You can packup a six pack or sit there and drink. They always have some good music playing, so you are not forced to feed the jukebox. The owner Dustin is a great guy, he is very friendly and very knowledgeable about beers. The bartenders are all friendly and knowledgeable too. Great beer selection at very reasonable price. They also have a decent food menu. I have only eaten there couple times, and the food was always good too.In Pennsylvania where it's difficult to find bottled beer in small quantities, this place is a good find! They have a huge selection to fill your own 6 pack. They also have a good draught selection.I got 99 problems ... but finding a good brew and delicious food here ain't one of them!Looking for a beer? They have it. Looking for a sandwich filled with delicious mac 'n' cheese + bacon and deep fried? They got it. This place doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's a gem once you get inside! I hear the wings are good, can't wait to try them. Definitely didn't think I'd hear Beck playing and see so many hipster glasses when I got inside, but it was a damn fine experience being there!You can get one of their beers on tap or go to the beaming case o' beers that shines on the place like a light from drunk heaven! You can also take a six pack to go. Can't wait to go back!This may be the cleanest bar I've been to! Excellent selection of craft beers plus all the domestics for you simpletons.Absolutely fabulous!!!  Must eat here!!Great beer selection and the guys that work here are super nice. The wings are really good too. Pretty sure they have specials almost every night as well. Nice local place.Stopped here for lunch one Friday afternoon and found it to be a great spot!   Food was great- I had the cod sandwich, others in my party had pulled pork, steak hoagie and the Stoney hoagie.   Fries were great too.  The waitress was super friendly and knowledgeable.     It's a very casual place so don't expect anything more.    Definitely worth the trip.This place is pretty awesome.  Everything from the 90s music to the food and beer selection.They have 30 rotating taps and probably well over 99 different bottles.So far everything I've had on the menu is pretty good too.  I wasnt expecting much for the food after seeing the place but it was a pleasant surprise.    Food is good and portion sizes are plenty!If this place was in Robinson, Bocktown would have some very serious competition!!If you are in the area looking for something new, I highly advise giving 99 bottles a try!One Friday night I did it, I decided to finally make the journey from the North Side of Pittsburgh, across rivers and bridges and through tunnels to visit the Carnegie area.  Why was I so afraid to take this drive?  It was only a 20 minute drive and 99 Bottles was my second stop. The amazing draft list drew me in.  And I like the atmosphere.  It has that dive bar feel but they have an awesome draft selection (highlights include several local and seasonal brews) along with some good food.  I ordered the Hibernator, a grilled cheese sandwich stuffed with mac n cheese and bacon then deep fried.  It usually comes with fries but I opted for the side salad.  For a side salad, I was impressed with the size and amount of veggies.  It wasn't a boring iceberg blend, this was a salad someone took pride in.  And that sandwich was a delicious way to soak up some of that beer.I thought the draft prices were more than reasonable.  Food prices were typical for bar food (I think my salad and sandwich came to around $10).  I must confess I have not really explored the actual bottles but again, it looks like a great selection.  Service has been outstanding.  On my last visit, the bartender remembered what my friend had been drinking the last time she was there.  Always a good sign.Did I mention they also fill growlers?  If you're interested, I'd check their website or give them a call because they have food and drink specials daily.  I've admitted the error of my ways and vow to return to 99 Bottles again and again.This is an ok'd Pizza Hurt turned into a bar and 6 pack shop. I went in not knowing what to expect. I looked over the menu and while it is a great menu, nothing was really calling to me. Then I heard they had wings. I found them on the back of the menu. When I read that their wings are smoked I knew I had to order some. I ordered BBQ, Buffalo, and Garlic Parm. They had several flavors to choose from including dry rubs. 

I had the honey vanilla latte and I was not disappointed. The flavor was rich and the honey added a new dimension to my usual vanilla latte.

Good hookah 

 

And did that Garson really just slap himself for spilling wine?Will frequent...from Boston.Authentic french food in the middle of a kind-of-french culture.  If what you're craving is excellent foie gras terrine or duck confit salad at 2am, you're in the right place.  L'express beats diner food for late night dining everytime!I am a HUGE fan of this restaurant.  Visits to Montreal absolutely suck unless they include a meal here.  I am addicted to the Mouse de foie de voillaie appetizer.  Pure sex in a ramekin.   It's a mix of various fowl livers topped with pistachio's served with fresh french bread.  Delicious is an inadequate adjective.  I am also addicted to their steak tar-tare.  It is difficult at best to find this classic in the States and nearly impossible to find it done well.  At L'Express it is exceptional.  I take mine extra spicy.  Served with impeccable frites it is a joy for my palette.  On our recent visit we enjoyed Il Flotante for dessert.  A light fluffy meringue floating in caramel sauce.  This was the only sub-par item we had. The caramel chunks in the sauce were simply too large and unmanageable.  On previous visits these were broken into small pieces.  This was a small oversight but one the chef should address.Service here is always impeccable albeit very formal and a bit stuffy.  In part this is because this is definitely a "see and be seen" establishment.  We dined next to a local news anchor although I must admit I didn't know who he was or what all the fuss was about.  All told this is a fantastic restaurant.  If you're going to Montreal do not miss the opportunity to have classic French Bistro food done well.  You will not be disappointed.I had a delicious poached salmon with chirvil mashed potatoes.  It was delicious.  We started off with a creamy chilly gazpatcho which was wonderful. Matched with a nice glass of rose and a lovely waitress.I probably won't be adding anything new to what's been said about this place - but wanted to add my two cents.The steak and frites is to die for!! It's one of those things one MUST try while in Montreal!This is one of those places where they pay careful attention to detail and everything, from appetizers, to main course to dessert are delightful.Reservations are essential. Call a couple of days in advance and if you're planning to visit on Saturday - reserve a week prior!.Can't wait to come back here next time I'm in town!Very good, close to my hotel in Holiday Inn Mid- town, $8 CAD cab ride. Ordered: - Half bottle red wine, very good. 

We will be back. Maybe regulars.

The servers are sweet and prompt and the food is almost ALWAYS great!For this type of chain restaurant that you know well and service is not always very personal, I have to say that here they made the difference since the moment we sat down and ordered hot tea. It was all thanks to Nathan, who had a very pleasant attitude and who showed that nothing was a problem for him; you just thought of something and he offered it before you even asked for it. This was his manner not only with us but with neighboring tables with kids. Thanks Nathan. Food was good.Great food and service  for a restaurant that's only been open for a month. This is a can't miss for ChandlerWe were in the area for a tournament and wanted to treat ourselves with a steak after winning it.  We also wanted to try some place that we had not been before hence the trip to Longhorn.  The decor was pleasant as well as the employee who seated us and the server who was at the table quickly.  We scanned the menu but saw they had a special (we went on a Sunday) for two people that included an appetizer (or dessert), salads, and several entrees to pick from for $30.  I am not sure if this is a standard special or we were there at a particular promotion time.  The server immediately after taking our order brought a plank of honey wheat bread with butter that was very good.  We chose the spinach dip with chips and that was also excellent.  For the entree, my wife and I both chose the portobello sirloin (8 oz) with garlic sauce.  Normally it is a hit and miss on how well the steak is cooked to your satisfaction but in this case, it was absolutely perfect.  Mine was medium well with just a hint of pink while my wife's was medium rare (I try not to look at it while I am eating-LOL!) but it looked like the proverbial picture of a steak cooked to that order.  Very impressed.  My wife had the large glass of wine and I had ice tea as I was driving but was wondering what the hit was going to be for the house red but to my surprise, it was a very reasonable price ($8). In all a very pleasant experience and would certainly recommend and we will return.  As an after thought, the restaurant noise was at a minimum which is also a big plus factor as some of the steak houses (especially chain ones) can be extremely noisy.Had the best night here last night! It started out rocky, sat at outback for 25 minutes with no service so decided to give this place a try. Everyone was so friendly! Our waiter Josh was amazing. He had us laughing, the orders were perfect, over all awesome experience! They definitely gained us as customers!Food: They definitely make great ribs and ribeye steaks. They cook it exactly the way I like and there's a lot of flavor! The complimentary bread and butter is average. Service: Excellent service. Our server was very friendly and funny but not try hard funny. Ambience: It was a casual dine in. It wasn't very busy when we went, but it was also a weekday and late at night.Parking: They have a small lot that they share, but if wasn't difficult to find parking. Overall, great experience and I would definitely go back!!Family Labor Day Dinner was awesome! The environment was nice and welcoming for dining. Our service was great. Lindsey has a great personality and made sure we were taken care of. We ordered 3 Rib Eye dinners. Each of our steaks were cooked perfect and not fatty, This was not dry and it was not overcooked. First impression, the steak was huge. The steak was amazing and very flavorful. My daughter order the Chicken Caesar Salad. The salad was enormous! She enjoyed it and said she loved it! We walked away enjoying our meal! Thank you for a memorable and excellent experience at LongHorn! We'll be back!!*****Great Food and Great Service*****

This is a must visit for our family whenever we travel to Scottsdale.Best Fro Yo place ever!!! Everything is so great about this place...it's so clean inside, the frozen yogurt is so good, and they put on the toppings for you which is so much more sanitary then everyone touching the same spoon! They put the toppings on so nicely and make it look so fancy. The best part is that you get an actual gold spoon to eat your fro yo with!! This is the best frozen yogurt place and I highly recommend it!!!Mixed the coffee and peanut butter topped with almonds. Yum! Simple little froyo place. First time I've seen one that wasn't self serve but the selection was still good.I love froyo and this is my favorite place. I am comforted by the fact that the dispensing machines and the toppings have not been man-handled by the general public. They also offer samples for the asking since the flavors get changed up regularly. I have been saved from potential disaster by the samples - I am talking about you Cinnamon Bun! Although they have a huge selection of interesting nonfat selections my 2 favorite flavors are lowfat salted caramel and lowfat peanut butter. They taste every bit as rich and creamy as their full fat counterparts. When you pick a medium ($4)  or large ($5) size cup you can choose up to 4 flavors to have. The toppings run either .55 or .95 per topping.This place is GREAT! The yogurt is always wonderful with such a variety of flavors to choose from. I am a frequent visitor and went in last night a couple minutes after they closed only to find out that they allowed me and my friend to still enjoy some yogurt...talk about customer service! It's always clean and the employees are always friendly and helpful!My co worker brought me some of this the other day and I must say it made my day 100% the plain chocolate was enough for me to want to go back !!Sophie helps me all the time. She does a great job and is always so polite. Apparently Richelle (who commented about her earlier) was having a bad day. Hopefully Richelle will find a different outlet for her anger than to take it out on a high school student who is just trying her best. Get a life Richelle. Maybe spring for a regular next time!The other reviews are old. I got awesome customer service and an awesome product. I love it. Thank you :)So my husband and I need some extra cash for our upcoming road trip to Texas and I have the awesome idea to scale down my jewelry collection, get rid of crap I don't wear and maybe make some extra dough. After finding one gold ring and a few silver earring singles (where are their mates? who knows?), I head to Diamond Jim's. He was super friendly and explained each step of the buying process. My jewelry was examined right in front of me! I left with $70 and room in my jewelry box for more treasures:) I highly recommend Diamond Jim's to anyone wanted to sell unused jewelry or gold/silver scraps.Been to diamond Jims twice now. I love this place. I sold some things and got done jewelry fixed. Thanks!I like this place a lot. I stopped in here with a watch that needed a battery, a ring that needed to be sized, a broken chain that was laying in the bottom of my jewelry box for years and a broken earring that was my favorite pair. The earring repair was around $25 and the watch battery $5. The owner Jim  weighed and  then bought the chain from me and I ended up paying him $2.He told me that they would buy silver as well as gold and he'll also sell items on Ebay.The ring sizing was $78 because it was so small and needed extra gold to make it the size I wanted. I decided not to have it done at that time. I drove up to Schmidts Jewelers on Glendale and 7th Street to see what they would charge to size the ring. They wanted over a hundred dollars. I went home and found another piece of jewelry I didn't care for and haven't worn in years  and brought it back to Diamond Jim's. He told me the cash value was $180. Cool. I left my ring to be sized and he gave me $102.He has some pretty interesting one of a kind pieces in the cases including some nice amber jewelry as well as artwork.  I ended up buying a small pair of sapphire and diamond chip earrings for $15. The only bad thing is the parking lot. It's tiny and it's shared with a very busy restaurant (Tex-Az). Don't go at lunchtime.I began Spring Cleaning that should have started years ago. I found a gold ring that I hadn't worn since the mid-Seventies and decided to sell it, something I'd never done before. Web research led me to visit Diamond Jim's.I couldn't have made a better decision. Diamond Jim's is a thoroughly professional business, with the additional bonus of your being treated as family... and it isn't the Fake Family treatment that a lot of businesses give you.Diamond Jim's service was fast and explained in detail. I received a very good price for my ring and, after this experience, I wouldn't deal with any other firm.I just walked away with a check for $282 for my old sterling silver jewelry!  I've sold my gold before and can tell you that Jim gives you a very fair price and he's very nice to work with.  Don't hesitate to bring your gold or silver to him for quick cash.I have visited this friendly little shop twice so far.  First time was to have my ring polished and then again to have a battery replaced in my watch.  Both times I was helped immediately and with a smile.  They have quite a selection of jewelry, ranging from gorgeous engagement sets to a $5 dollar watch basket!  I loved looking around while I waited.  Diamond Jim helped me today and we had a nice conversation about  what else....diamonds!  They also adopted a stretch on the 51 FWY which I think is pretty cool...

-  SPACIOUS:  Being a suite, I had a lot of space to spread out and work.

When we checked in they were ready for us and handed me the stack of room keys, labelled and ready to go. Phew! One less thing for me to do!

What we ordered:

 

Trust me, you must visit this salon. It's pricey but totally worth it and you won't be disappointed. You'll walk out looking fabulous darling! Just fabulous!Took advantage of a deal and went in and saw Brooklyn, without a doubt my new go to for a hair cut.  She was great, didn't rush me in and out, she was open to what I wanted but also offered suggestions.  From start to finish I was really happy with every step.  The location itself is a bit crowded since it's got a shop, and also a cafe in front but it's fun and nice to wait in an open area of the cafe instead of a waiting room.  The booths and suites are all rented so they are individual businesses.If Mark Loposky isn't coloring/cutting your hair, you are missing out. Mark is one savvy coloring, highlighting and styling professional. The one thing I love most about him is that in addition to his talent, he's also smart, funny and sociable. And as an added bonus, you'll also get a great ab workout during your appointment because he is hilarious.I used to dread going to salons. I know, weird for a girl to say, right? But I can't stand the over-priced and stuffy atmosphere. I loathed the thought of spending 3 hours in a chair, watching someone put foil in my hair and then waiting for the color to dry while sitting in awkward silence because I'd rather not talk to the fake/boring stylist. But with Mark as my new go-to-guy, I actually enjoy going to a salon! He's fast, so your appointment isn't going to waste a whole bunch of time. But, he's also meticulous and detail oriented so your highlights look amazing and natural. He accomplishes absolute perfection in half the time it used to take other stylists to do an average job on my hair.Not that I'm trying to toot my own horn or anything, but my hair has never looked this good before. Basically, I have three words for you... Go to Mark.It took me a long time to find the right stylist in Phoenix/Scottsdale-- but these guys really know what they are doing.I was a little wary at first, as it kind of looks like you might walk out looking like one of those skunky haired Scottsdale 20-something fashion victims.Not so. I have super thick hair and stylists tend to get lazy after the first hour and just start razoring-- never at Steven Paul.Great place for waxing too!It has taken me a while to find the right hair stylist that I can trust and when I found Jesse at the Steven Paul Salon I knew it was the begining of a beautiful hairstylist/client relationship! Jesse is amazing! She has great style and understsands what her clients are looking for and makes sure that she is on the same page as them before she starts. She is friendly and easy to be around. The salon itself is really fun...there is a cute little boutique in the front as well as a cafe that serves some great iced coffee! Jesse's prices are similar to other hair salons (highlights starting around  $65, cuts around $40-$45) but if you follow her on facebook she often has daily and weekly specials for you to take advantage of. If you are looking for a hair stylist...give Jesse a try! You will walk out loving the new you!Great salon with a nice little restaurant and shopping area.  Full service, they even offer massages!  Ask for Joanna to do your hair, she's the best!I have been going to Nicole Williams at Steven Paul Salon for the last five years and she is great. She takes the time to get to know her customers and listens to what you want. She will also be honest with you when you ask her for something she knows will not flatter your face. I have sent 3 friends to her and they are all return customers. I have had her both cut and color my hair. I would highly recommend her!I love Colton Fox.  He is a brow artist.  I have been going to him for about two years now.  I read a segment on Eyebrows on InStyle magazine and they mentioned him, so I decided to try him.   He takes his time to design the best brow for your features.  He is very meticulous and will take up to 30 minutes to make them look perfect.  I can never go anywhere else anymore.  By the way he is so reasonable only $15 for an artist's work.This salon is the full package; cafe, shopping and a million services.  It's also in a very nice location.  Each person basically rents their own station, so it's more about finding the right person who happens to be at Steven Paul.  However, the prices are on the high end - rightful so because so are the people that work there.  I would recommend Sal for hair; he's like a scientist, artist, philosopher and all-around amazing person who has made my hair all that I ever hoped it would be.  Thanks, Sal.It has taken me a few years to find the best colorist to get my brown hair to that perfectly blended blonde hue. I went to several salons with a picture I loved and I always left disappointed. Thankfully I found Marycarmen Germann. She is absolutely amazing at color and cuts, and is very  talented at updos and formal styles too. I love that she also will stretch out my color by touching up roots to keep my hair healthy and looking beautiful. I constantly get complimented on my color and she is  great with suggesting new ideas. Marycarmen is very sweet, professional, and dependable as a stylist. The salon is beautiful too and has a cute cafe and boutique.Just got a spray tan from Brenna.  All I can say is it is well worth it!  She gave me a great $10 discount and it looks amazing.  I've done a ton of booth tanning and one spray tan.  Nothing compares to this.  Great job, Brenna and thank you!Heard of this place from a friend who recommended Kristine Battersby for hair color. First let me just say the location is great, tons of stuff going on, shopping or dining while you wait, the scenery is great too. Lots of beautiful people coming and going. Kristy was super professional, was completely up to date on the latest releases from Loriel Pro. She had a full line of products and did the best color service I have ever recieved.  I picked up some product and was on my way! This was a great experience felt pampered the whole time.  Awesome value I will defiantly be back! Thanks Kristy... Customer Service is alive and well!!!!Steven Paul Salon in Old Town Scottsdale is an unexpected great find! Responded today to a Groupon and Denise cut and styled my hair. The Salon itself is really stylish with jewelry, a cafe  friendly reception area. The stylists are individual entrepreneurs who work hard and listen well. Denise did a great job of cutting my hair in a clean and modern style and listening to my cues and desires about the cut. She greeted me promptly without a long wait. I am planning a return visit for highlights. The location in Old Town Scottsdale beckons the visitor to that part of the city, with cafes and restaurants and bars around for after hours visits. Definitely visit this salon when you can.I found Jeffrey Brown through an Enamor deal and I'm so glad I did.  He took my vague request for a "natural-looking medium blonde" and gave me a look that had me swinging my hair all the way home!  Low key, professional, and efficient with an eye towards just the right color, he's a gem.  He even gave me some great advice for a new haircut (I had an appt with someone else for a cut in a couple of days); next time I'll be going to him for both cut and color. Just a note:  be aware that parking can be a little iffy depending on the day/time of your appointment, so you may want to give yourself an extra few minutes.Heather Galwey really knows her way around a head of hair. Her expertise, keen eye, attention to detail and affable personality have made her my stylist for several years. Also, as a naturopath, I appreciate the fact that she uses Kevin Murphy, a sulfate and paraben free hair care line.

Oh yeah, and as someone who has a dairy allergy, I really appreciate that their pastries are vegan. Typically I can't get treats at other coffee shops, so it's nice to have the option.Great coffee, a very nice setting near enough to everything ASU but far enough away to not be crazed, and tasty vegan pastries. I'm a fan.I've been a regular of Royal's since they opened and was extremely joyful when they opened near ASU.  The staff is top notch and know you by name if you're a regular;  you can't beat that old school service.  I highly recommend this placePerfect coffee, espresso/ pour over/ drip etc, it's all perfect. The atmosphere is on point, the baristas are on point, it's a quaint/relaxing coffee bar. I would certainly consider it to be the best third wave/ speciality coffee roaster in the Phoenix Metropolitan Area, especially if you're looking to escape the dictatorship of the night club, always overly crowded/loud, atmosphere that Cartel Coffee Lab has become.Oh Royal... I love this place. This location is perfect - right off the light rail and on the way to campus. It's very accessible and the outdoor patio is going to be great for these cooler fall days. The coffee is premium and the baristas are always friendly. The general feel of the place is right up my alley. All of the wood and metal gives it both an urban and rustic feel.It's a wonderful coffee shop, a great place to come with a book and read, or bring your computer and get some work done. Whatever you're looking for in a coffee shop, Royal is pretty much guaranteed to have it.I didn't believe the 5 star rating (based on 7 reviews) that Royal Coffee had on Yelp, but I was hoping it to be true and thus I started my venture to Royal during my lunch break while I was at ASU main. I passed two other coffee joints to get here and it was worth it!The two staff members welcomed me with a friendly "hello" and smile while I took a quick glimpse at my surroundings. This is an intimate shop (a polite way to say small), but the décor is modern hipster and the open patio is enticing especially now that the Fall weather is cooling down. Standing at the order counter, which is covered in individual health bars, loose tea containers, and two pastry stands, I asked the first of a bazillion questions (okay it was only three, I asked three questions). I wanted to know what kind of milk they offered, the drink sizes they offer, and the amount of shots in each latte size.  As you might have read in my tip, I am so giddy that they offer almond milk. I love almond milk, it makes everything taste better. In addition to that, they have the standard, whole and non fat cow's milk and soy milk. The drink sizes are in English, so you choose from a small, medium, or large and since I wanted a latte, the shots for each size are 1, 2, and 3 for a large.My drink of choice today was a medium iced carmel latte with almond milk ($4.22 with tax). Now, I am both happy and sad I ordered this as my first drink from here. I'm happy because I haven't had a flavored latte in forever and their carmel sauce (yes I say carmel, not caramel) is a honey, buttery goodness that is worth the extra 40 cent surcharge. I'm sad because since I got a flavor, I can't really taste the espresso, but reading the prior reviews, it's apparently the bees knees, but to be clear, the flavor isn't overwhelming powerful that you lose the coffee taste. Either way, my drink was delicious and I will be back to try it again.So as I said, their order counter is lined with various goodies and the pastry stands were screaming my name so loud it was annoying and even though I told them they were being rude and to stop, they gave me an ultimatum. I had to buy one or endure the screaming my entire time there. So since I was left with no choice, I tried their banana fritter/donut hole ($1.25) . Oh-em-to-the-gee, it was mouthwatering. The outer glaze melts in your mouth and then the banana hits your taste buds, ugh so good. You must try them!  All their pastries are made Nami -meaning they are all vegan, but don't let that fool you into thinking they won't have any flavor!I understand why this coffee joint has 5 stars. Great Drinks, Great Food, Amazing Service! And just to add to their awesomeness, they have a frequent flyer punch card (its electronic, you use your email) and every 10th drink you get $3 off!Absolutely love Royal! This place serves incredible espresso and coffee drinks. They offer a variety of beverages and are always willing to explain the difference between flavor notes or the difference between espresso and regular coffee. The staff is educated but approachable.Super friendly barista, who was more than happy to talk about the beans, the pulls, the equipment, anything.Fun wall art by local artist - oh and good coffee too. I'm usually wary about iced coffee and pick about my cold brew, but it was well-done. I also can't drink my coffee black, but for their coffee it was good enough to drink black. Buut, for transparency, I'll admit,  I still added cream.  What? I like half and half.Heavenly coffee and a super relaxing vibe... but the gluten free doughnuts really seal the deal on the five-star review. Love!It's near asu and delicious. Too bad it's all the way on the other side of campus from me. I'm going to be honest though.. I'll walk for 15 minutes to get coffee from here. I just got a Carmel latte and it was delightful. It was also a lot cheaper than I was expecting. I actually had a nice conversation with the barista and he was super nice. I'll definitely be coming backI'm by no means a coffee expert but I love Royal. Overall, a great place to have coffee and study/relax. The baristas are always friendly, the layout of the store is well-designed (inside and outside seating), and the coffee is excellent. Plus, there are always delicious vegan pastries from Nami, a Phoenix bakery.If you are in to Hot Chocolate like me then you know it's hard to find a good cup at any Starbucks because frankly their hot chocolate is awful. If you want a solid cup of hot chocolate you are not going to be able to top Royal Coffee Bar's chocolate. Simply put its the best and it is a great place to nerd out on your laptop to get some work done. The people are super nice and know how to make coffee as well as HC.Absolutely the best pour over I have ever had. Thank you Evan for taking your time and talking to me about the beans and your roasting process. You made my Sunday morning coffee an event I now crave.I love this place. They have awesome cappuccino and strawberry - chocolate donuts!! Yumm!!Small, intimate feel. Quiet, at least during the summer when ASU is on break. This is my first time and I ordered an Earl Grey tea with milk and honey. Barista made it up great with steamed milk and yummy frothy foam. Delicious.I've been to the royal coffee near the science center in downtown Phoenix, and I really enjoyed it although, I only got an iced tea at the time because it was so hot outside. I came to the royal coffee today in Tempe as it's right down the street from ASU it was so good! The barista was really sweet and informative about everything on the menu. I got the cortado, which is essentially a latte served in a big shot glass, the milk was steamed perfectly, and I will day dream of it tomorrow whilst drinking my coffee at home. The barista (who was a really sweet brunette!) recommended a scone that I bought, which had really plump blueberries and real lemon zest, I was in love.... They also had some GF options and milk alternatives, though I don't get any of them, I'm sure they're delicious. It is a small place, but, I enjoyed it. It's a good place to study or just meet someone and sit outside with. Who needs Starbucks or coffee bean when this place is down college ave?!Absolutely fantastic coffee, made to order, with friendly staff who are happy to be chatty or leave you be. A small patio and inside bar area, which is perfect considering that most people grab and go to or from ASU Tempe. Coffee has been consistently great over the past 6 months I've been going, and if there are ever any mistakes the staff is quickly down to remake drinks for you. For the quality everything is priced well. That, and the staff makes this a great place for coffee lovers who want legit, honest, good coffee.I recently went to Royal Coffee Bar to get some work done on my day off. The restaurant is small but small with a very cozy feel. I ordered a Hazelnut Latte and the lemon blueberry scone, and let's just say it was BOMB! I wanted to get them both again while I was there, but I hesitated. The baristas were good and were very involved with the customers and doing small talk with everyone. The place was quiet too, which is different from some of the other coffee shops around Tempe. It's a little bit of a hike from my apartment on the other side of campus, but well worth the walk. I WILL be back here again! P.S. They play music over the speakers and for a good hour or so they were playing country music (which I despise) but I dealt with it. The great coffee and atmosphere made up for it!Cute little coffee shop near ASU. I stopped here before a meeting on a chilly morning and they were very friendly in the AM. I didn't get anything special, just a pour over coffee. They did have a bunch of danish that looked tasty, but didn't have the chance to try! But its a great place to meet someone for a hot drink or sit outside on a nice day to relax!My go to coffee shop near campus. Small and quaint, but with ample indoor/outdoor seating. Have tried iced/hot lattes, the cortado, pourovers, and cold brew and they were all excellent. Good selection of gluten free pastries.This is my go-to coffee place when I'm around ASU. Service is great, coffee is great, and prices are just right. My personal favorite drink is the Royal Coke - which is essentially a bottle of Mexican Coca-Cola, vanilla simple syrup and espresso, served over ice. The hours are a bit short, but I've never had an issue with it.Delicious coffee served in a laid back environment made by people who care about their product. Couldn't ask for anything more!Great coffee & a really neat space.  I had a latte that was made expertly.  The staff was very friendly and professional.  Anyone wanting coffee in Tempe at or near ASU should pick this place.  Cartel also has good coffee, but this place is much cleaner and more slick from coffee to service to decor.Been here many times (unfortunately).  They always got me in and out quickly.  Never had an issue here.Kennedy and Terri (tech) were fantastic. Professional and efficient. If you live in Ahwatukee or close by go here for your imaging! I have been to other places and by far this was perfect for timely appointment and quick day of needs. Now off to workThis is the best veterinary office I've found in Las Vegas.  Their prices are amazing! and service is super nice!  I've taken my cat there to get fixed and her shots.  Every Vet in town wanted to charge me at least triple of what they charge.  The shots I believe were under $20 and the spay $50.   Now I just took my dog for his dental and they had a special for $70 for dental cleaning.  $5 for extractions.  I dropped him off right on time between 7:30am to 8am, and was told to come back at noon.   He was all ready for me when I got there and his teeth looked fantastic!  The staff was extremely nice and was very loving towards both my pets I brought them.  Highly recommend them :-)I have brought my 2 dogs and 2 cats to Heartsong for various needs since they opened. Vaccines, 1 was spayed and 1 dental as well as check ups. The doctor they have now Dr. Fuentes is awesome. He is very caring and professional.  The staff seems to change a lot, but that is with any place. Good help is hard to find. Every establishment is going to have some employee, or client that is not happy with something, and do nothing but complain. These are people who want something for nothing and will complain to complain, because they are not happy with themselves. I will continue to use Heartsong as my local veterinarian for my pets needs.This location has great customer service. They are honest and don't try to get you to purchase devices you don't need. Clearly explain what is needed and what your options are.I am very grateful for this Firestone. Last week, we had a pretty bad air leak in one of our tires and we were supposed to head home.The waits at the Firestone on Rainbow Rd, one Goodyear, and the local Costco was more than 2 - 3 hours, but amazingly no wait at this one.Henry was our service representative, was kind and courteous. I did not feel like he was trying to sell us unnecessary things, or scare-tactic us into replacing the tires (they were truly very worn). 40 minutes later, tires rotated and replaced. All-in-all very professional and a great experience. Everything looks very new; the waiting area is indeed clean and air conditioned which is a must for Las Vegas. Free coffee, TV, and toys helped to keep all of the family occupied as we waited. Top notch!I came here after a few other tire shops just couldn't seem to get rid of the heavy vibration of my new aftermarket wheels / tires noticeable at any speed over 65mph. The wheels / tires were larger than the OEM on the F-Sport edition, but nothing too crazy and the car was still brand new. Every shops balancer would indicate the tires were on point, so I was starting to think it was coming from the spindles or hubs on the car's drivetrain. This is odd with a new car, so I insisted they balance the tires with forced weight as if they were still mounted on the car. I remembered seeing this it at a trade show where it could get a more accurate reading by actually applying pressure to the tire equivalent to the displaced weight of the car like it was riding on the highway at high speeds.After a bit of research, I found it on the Hunter website and from there it showed what shops in Las Vegas close to me that actually had the Hunter GSP 9700 Road Force Touch installed. Knowing they run about $15K I was not surprised to see most at luxury car dealerships service centers, but I was surprised to see this Firestone location had one of the 3 in the city. That's where I found myself driving quickly to this Firestone shop andirons inquiring how they had one, they said most new store locations will get one installed. I was sure this was the answer, but just in case I opted for the lifetime balancing price which is very reasonable. They had to actually dismount one of the tires according to the computer and once it was remounted along with the other 3, I was good to go. Their report showed all tires were off quite a bit prior to the balance when the other ship said tires were perfectl. I immediately test drove it on the highway and there it was, that smooth ride I remembered, which made me a very satisfied customer to this shop. I will be back and If you are having issues with your tires vibrating, shaking or jumping, let these experts fix you right up. I highly recommend this shop. Thanks guys!Had a 9 am appointment here on Sat/27 Sep:

-VIP lounge and spa

Pizza Rock to everyone!The pizza was great and the service was very accommodating with our large party on short notice.An oasis in the tacky Fremont Experience section of downtown LV, this place looks like it belongs in one of the high end casinos on the strip.  The decor was inviting so much so that you barely notice the truck looking like it came through the wall. We were surprised with the size of the establishment that the noise level was low and that they understood what "background" music is supposed to be.  We had the calamari for an appetizer and did half normal, half spicy. "Spicy" is in the taste of the beholder and we found theirs was hot enough to grab your attention but not too strong that you can't finish it. One of the best I've tasted. For our main course we had the calzone  and the Stromboli. Both were tasty. The dough was light and not too chewy. With the 15% off through Yelp, this meal was definitely an excellent value.Yuuuuuuuuummmmmmmy!! Celebrated my birthday here :) Started with two house salads and both pizza's we got were delicious! We got the Fratellanza and the Old Chicago. They were perfect because the Fratellanza was a thick crust pie with the perfect amount of toppings...and the crust was the best. Amazing! The Old Chicago is crispy thin and just the right amount of cheese. There were 6 in our party and we had left overs (perfect for tomorrow).We finished with the tiramisu Thanks Pizza Rock! We'll be back!This was like the best lunch I've had in a while.  The pizza was so good!  We ordered a salad to share and garlic bread on top of our pizza.  Mmmmm!  I'm so happy to find out that the same chef has a restaurant in North Beach in San Francisco.  Woot woot!  So going there.Pizza Rock is very hip and fun to be inside.  They have a great selection of rock songs playing in the background.  Dark decor to fit the theme.  And wonderful service.  Even though there is a place in SF, I'll still go to Pizza Rock again next time I'm in  Vegas because it was such a great experience.  Bonus the Vegas location is cheaper.great pizza, awesome environment, love the decor!This place is yummy and good choices of beers. The semi truck inside can be honked. Friendly staff.One of my favorite pizza joints in Vegas! Just about everything on the menu is great!We got pizza by the slice in the front great service, and the pizza was hot fresh and good.Hey hey good vibe, funny hosts and the bar tender Ashley is chill very sweet and cute. She recommended a similar beer to the blue moon, got a 20oz glass and now I'm drunk. :) pizza amazing, calamari bomb!Was there in March. Food was wonderful!   Great service.  Great atmosphere.  Definitely I must when in downtown Las Vegas.Good place for artisan type pizza.. The beer selections is very decent. And the service which is important to myself was very good.Lovely atmosphere, great beer selection, great  menu. I would recommend this place to everyone. The pizza was unbelievably yummy, one of the best pizzas I've ever had.Some of the best pizza I've ever had! You have got to try the picante, it's my favorite!The New Yorker pizza is outstanding.Went here for happy hour and Taylor at the bar was incredibly nice, and helpful. Will definitely be coming here again!My group and I were walking Fremont, and decided to go here based on it having the best Yelp reviews in the area. 

For dessert we had ile flottante with almonds and caramel. I'd never had ile flottante before, and I was pretty much done food-wise, but it was like eating sweet air. The almonds were slightly crunchy and a perfect compliment.All in all a great meal.Hey LV yelpers!

I think the jerk fried rice is delicious and usually try to steal some of JD's since he gets double rice and no beans. I have to go with the black beans, even though their consistency reminds me of hot road tar. They taste kind of sweet. Add some of CB's homemade salsa and its a tantalizing side dish that compliments a really good takeout meal. The cookies arent bad either. Two combo meals with tax adds up to $17.33. Super cheap for the amout of food you get.Took the family and all ate great meals. I love eating something different and this was different but very good.  I told the guy taking the order that this was a first time and he spent time giving everyone in the family multiple samples so we could decide what to get.  Good service, marketing and sales. I would recommend Chino Bandido to anyone wanting a variation on mexican food.A great fusion of Americanized Chinese cuisine with Mexican style.Amazing restaurant. Great food at good prices and unique menu itemsOKAY Chino you bad Bandido.. IM thinking your making me fat! Ever since Ive found you.. I have to have you once a week.. NOW Im thinking out of the red jade.. Ive gone to your grilled, marinated chicken choices.. Jerk chicken.. yum.. Your still a 5 in my book, My Chino:-)Awesome, delicious lunch or dinner takeout place! Quite a dive in terms of decor, so don't expect anything fancy. There are folding tables and chairs, if I remember correctly.Anyway, I had jade red chicken and emperor's chicken quesadilla and both were SO GOOD. The idea of Chinese - Latino food sounds odd, but I'd heard of it before and just never had the chance to try it. They have all sorts of combos, mostly with beans or rice as a side (get it? chinese and latin food both usually come with rice....!). So before you knock it, if you're in Phoenix and looking for a place to eat, this is it!It's an interesting mix of opinions posted about Chino Bandito. Frankly on my first visit I wasn't sure what to think. On my next visit I was hooked.  Whenever I find myself near the 17 and Greenway I'm thinking about stopping by for eat-in or take-out.Chino Bandido is definitely a funky place as everyone says. It's in a not so fancy strip mall with not so fancy decor inside. But look past it and you'll have some fun. Even though it's kind of funky I did find it to be clean - and I'm extremely finicky about cleanliness.Some of the menu winners include the #13 Pollo Diablo, which delights with garlic and hot peppers. Besides that the #10 Emerald Chicken has a wonderful flavoring including ginger that is well-teamed with the jerk fried rice. Enjoy the hot sauce and interesting mix of flavors.  I also like the chocolate volcano which is only available on certain days.Yes it is an odd mix of Mexican, Chinese and Caribbean flavors, but it works. Chino Bandito is VERY inexpensive and highly recommended. Just keep an open mind.02.07.10I'm not going to lie, extra star cuz I like saying the name.  Chino Bandido!  Say it with me now.  Chino Bandido.This is a great place for first timers.  They treat you to an array of samples and then hold your hand the rest of the way through your order.We finally decided to split a combo with jerk chicken fried rice, jerk chicken quesadilla and a milder version (#6) [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cHdJXLlKNWixBXpDwEGb_A?select=CYvTr9FyNWmnyn4Fqud0QA].Sutter Home wine for $3 to go with your meal.The jerk chicken fried rice haunts my dreams.Seriously, who would have thought to put Chinese food in a quesadilla?My 1200th review.... how far I have come..... SBCers I have found my paradise and I want to take this place home with me. First off...they give you a flavor profile mini taste tour when you come and its your first time. They walk you through mild all the way to their jerk chicken. The guy working the counter last night was super helpful. You can tell where the good food is because pork is not the only thing on the menu... as we were finishing our taste testing a dozen cops came in for lunch/ early dinner. It looked like 10 out of the 12 come here frequently and it shows.I went with the emerald chicken (which was AMAZING), a jade chicken QUESADILLA and the pork fried rice....wait.. I ALSO GET A COOKIE! The jade chicken was that perfect sweet and I know it sounds weird but tasted really good in a cheese quesadilla (just that right amount of crispy outside). the emerald chicken was amazingly well balanced.. it was light and fresh... just what I needed after being up since 5 AM and travelling. The pork fried rice was perfect.....my beans took me for a brief moment to my happy place...the snickerdoodle was like the Santa Cruz Pacific Cookie Company was here in Arizona... i waited five minutes and then ate it in the car while going to our time shareThe boyfriend got the emerald chicken, the jerk fried rice and the carnitas.. it was gone in 5 minutes (shoved all into his mouth). I am a big fan of triple D and when I saw this place I put it on the places I want to go before I die... yep... lived up to the hype....Why has no one else thought of this before?  This place is awesome!  Yes, it's a bit greasy...and your stomach is usually a little more than confused at what you've just put into it...but your mouth is damn happy!  We tend to go for spicy - so my husband would always get something super hot (pollo diablo, for one) in a quesadilla or burrito (sometimes both).  I've tried some of the sweeter ones (emerald chicken), but I think they really spicy entrees work best.  So so yummy!  They also make a pretty good snickerdoodle to finish off your meal with!I've been eating here since I moved here in 2000. As far as the 5 star rating "as good as it gets", well, it's as good as it gets for what it is. I think some of the other reviewers just don't "get it".  Is it extremely good mexican food? No. Is it extremely good chinese food? No. Are there booths and waiters? No. Does it have good food, for a good price, quick, friendly service, and a good casual atmosphere? Yes!And to the people who say "I don't think I want chinese and mexican at the same time"... Are you stupid? Then just order one! Duh! No one is forcing you to order both. And then to the people who say ordering is confusing... have you never ordered off a sushi menu? Very similar. And, the staff will help you order, if you're just way out there and don't understand.And to the ones who say "I don't see how a snicker-doodle cookie ties in?" Dude - you're getting a free cookie! Who cares how it "ties in"?Sorry for the negativity, but I hate it when people don't "get" that this is a dive joint, with a concept - one of the best dive joints/concepts in North Phoenix.Chino's is as good as it gets. The food is creative, delicious and simply amazing!I love the different combinations of items, and more than anything else, I love the fun, homey, comfortable atmosphere and the incredibly friendly and generous owners.I think this restaurant concept is perfect for franchising. The food is super creative and different than any other "fusion" restaurant (or at least from what I could find on the Internet!) I wish there were chains of it here in California so that I could get my Chino's fix everyday instead of twice a year!My favorites are :

Tom Ka Gai

Excellent service,nice staff, and the family of new owners are very nice and welcoming. We wish them the very best in their new venture.I ate a delicious pizza I have ever had. It's a cozy place to hang out with friends. I didn't expect a pizza restaurant like this even. We ate a lot, baklava was free though:) close and fast service, I liked that place. Definitely must try their pizza and deserts.Had a random pizza craving the other day and this local spot popped up a few blocks from my house. Ordered pizza and wings to go. Wings were especially nice, I enjoyed the flavor of the spicy sauce. The person working was awesome, I'll come back just from my pleasant interaction with him. He mentioned that they are coming out with some new menu options soon including adding pasta. I'll be back to try the sandwiches and check out the pasta.Great staff, very nice owner. Pizza are very good and give great recommendation. I took half pizza with white sauce and the other half pepperoni. Both sides were amazing. Keep up the great work.This is the first time for us at Grinders!

Gracias a ustedes por esa rica comida y servicios 

I didn't like the fried chicken skin though :(For the starter had Bacon Jam and that was amazing. Tacos were so-so. Then black rice and oxtail risotto which was great. Finally Bread pudding that was the perfect end to the meal.We tried this on a recommendation.  It's not quite in the heart of the bustling Fremont crowd, which surprised me, but later, I was quite thankful for that.  You're close enough to walk to the Fremont craziness but about 1-2 blocks away, enough to make an easier arrival/escape.We were escorted to a cute little courtyard waiting area, which was cool.  It looked like there were tables downstairs and upstairs (outdoor area upstairs?) although I never saw stairs inside.  The downstairs is all I saw.  It was small but had an energy about it.1) Bacon Jam (baked brie w/ toasted baguette) = 5/5 (sweet and salty and spicy and sour all at the same time, very complex flavors made this very unique

It was great how the inside of this wonderful hotel seemed like.

OPEN FOR BREAKFAST with a proper breakfast menu.I'm still full of this delicious old school edible greatness! An amazing staff with just enough snark to make it worth your while. Delicious burgers and shakes...the breakfast looks great as well (we ARE GOING BACK). Oh yea one more thing- APPLE PIE.Absolutely delicious food!  I ordered the pastrami sandwich, and my husband and daughter ordered cheeseburgers with fries.  Like some of the other reviewers, they hamburgers were not huge but they were much bigger than what you'd get elsewhere.  In fact, with fries, my daughter and husband could not finish both their burgers and fries.  The only (almost) annoying thing was that I had asked for extra salt and the guy taking my order recommended that we add salt from the table cause he puts plenty of salt.  Well, he was right.  There was already plenty of salt, but I kind of think he should have just added extra salt.  Then I would have ended up with fries too salty, but the customer is always right, right?  lolPastrami was delicious.  I was not able to finish it.  Sadly, I was too full to try a piece of pie which a lady at the next table ranted and raved about.  The slices were modestly priced too!  I will definitely head back.  I am trying to avoid fast food, and this place is a good substitute with fresh ingredients and reasonable prices.My Wife and I have been going here for years. We love everything they make. You have to try the pies. Not to mention the burgers and breakfast are always good all day long.I think it went well.  The only black mark I would give would be on the time we waited (but this isn't McDonald's so there's lots if forgiveness). My hubs ordered the triple and I the double, no wonder the lady looked at us like we had two heads when we ordered fries. She should be thankful we didn't order that extra burger.. Our mistake, we ordered enough food to feed a small African village and could come close to actually finishing it.. Next time I'll take the hint..Good value and good quality, I like the diner feel but it's a bit loud for my flavor, especially when the suspected "lady of the night" in the booth behind us was dropping f* bombs like it was her business, maybe it is, I don't judge..I love the occasionally colorful verb just like anyone else, just not at breakfast on a Sunday..Picked up a buddy, he recommended Giant Hamburgers, we stopped in, ate, went out, I dropped him off and went back to Giant. It's that good.Simple and Perfect. If your looking for a good burger like you use to have at cook outs or at home this is the spot. Pure beef, nice and tasty and simple. No fancy pants addons or spreads. My cheese burger with bacon, jalapenos, tomatoes and onions was perfect. Just what I wanted. Top it off with some very crispy and delicious fries and a REAL Strawberry shake and I was in heaven. 

They have the perfect balance between the things I need most in a nail salon, particularly for gels:

I like to start with a Sparkling Cosmo (believe it or not, i'm straight), then we nurse liquid heaven: Jouzen Mizu no Gotoshi sake. It's like flower water from heaven, that makes your pants fall off later.New stuff! They started making a fried focaccia bread, similar to the bread that accompanies the White Fish Carpacio, but it's fluffy and golden. This is for making sammiches! And the first sandwich out the door is Softshell Crab. If you're thinking "oh-great-greasy-softshell-crab-roll-at crappy-sushi-joint", STOP right there. It's heaven. Like something you'd get in New Orleans at a 5-star French joint. Light, but crunchy and savory. Not greasy at all. Hints of spicy aioli and mild red onion. Yes, mild red onion.The big eye tuna sashimi always seems better than the last time. And a special hirame sashimi with a citrus zest - chili paste (yuzu kosho) topper was the perfect ender.More sandwiches and a late-night menu are on the way. Part of that late night menu will be steamed buns (think momofuku) stuffed with savories like pork belly and short ribs. 

- lunchlady doris, have you got any butter?

- fast service

The entire staffs were very friendly and attentive. Food came fast and fresh! ( I am Asian who have been loving raw fish over 20 years)

By the way i NEVER write reviews so by me writing this says alotI was referred here and I am glad I went. I only had a manicure done this time, but I will be back for mani and Pedi next time. They are very friendly here and offer hot green tea and water also. The prices were much cheaper than my regular salon. I went on a Sunday and it was not busy at all. I hope they get busier because I would love for them to stay in Business. The owners just took over the business a couple months ago. I have been going to another salon for many years. They do a great job as well, but aren't as friendly, have much higher prices, and long waits. This salon will be the only one I go to from now on! Thanks Don!Doans the man! Always makes my nails look beautiful! And Trina is very lovely and is the best when it comes to eyebrows waxing!I have been to so many places since moving to Gilbert trying to find a decent nail salon. I finally found one. This place is the only place I will go to now for everything. Everyone there is nice and spoil you the whole time. My nails and eyebrows turned out amazing!!! Doan and his wife are the sweetest!!!Great service they know what they are doing!!! The prices are very good and the place is cleanThis place is fantastic!! Trina, her husband and their staff are all just AMAZING people and so happy and friendly! My mom and I had pedicures done today and next time I'm in town visiting from LA I will definitely be coming back for a mani and pedi. The salon is clean and they sanitize everything very well. They took their time on our pedicures which is what we prefer.  And they did an excellent job. It's a good place to relax and not feel like you are being rushed out the door. Also, great prices compared to other salons.  They also offered us a bottle of water when we arrived and yummy green tea too while our nails dried. They go above and beyond to accommodate their customers. Highly recommend!!So I came from LA to a party and needed my nails and I came in here and tina did my fill and I loved it awesome job. Also my toes I loved how the lady did them she took her time and was really nice. When I come back most deff I'm getting my nails done here againHappy Birthday to me.  

There's a free parking lot right behind the building too.I recommend this place if you're in the area for lunch.I have been coming to Carly's for several years, usually as a jumping off point for a downtown adventure. This has always been a great neighborhood bar, the recent patio expansion has really put it over the top.Sometimes they have The Walking Dead on the little tv on Sundays which is great if you like gore while you're eating, which I do. My wife does not though because she is weird, but we won't go into that right now, I'll tell you all about her over the coming months and years.My favorite sandwich is the Santa Fe, there's just something about those green chillis and pepperjack cheese that make me want to stab a zombie in the skull.The staff is always nice, def not hipster service, good music. The patio is also nice for people-watching the 1 day a month when people are gallivanting around Roosevelt for First Friday. I say people but what I really mean is the throng of teenagers roaming around.7 thumbs up.Delicious! I got the Santa fe and my mom got the europa! Will definitely come back. Pricing  and service was great!Nice neighborhood friendly bar, high top seating, bar, outdoor patio facing the art community and low lighting for that artsy bar feel. I had the pear sandwich which sounds weird but it was amazing! The chips served on the side were delicious and the Papgo Orange Blossom beer paired with it made this visit a yummy one!This is where I like to bring my friends when they're visiting from out of town. There's something on the menu for everyone, the prices are very reasonable, and we've liked everything we've ordered. They have vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-friendly options. Tasty cocktails and good beer selection, too.This place has been a family favorite since it opened.  We stop by a few times a month.  The food is great, the price is right, and the staff is super friendly.  Everyone should swing by and check them out.Stop in for a great, easy meal, stay for the friendly staff and great cocktails.We stumbled upon Carly's when we were mural looking today in downtown. Cute place, fun vibe. We picked two different vegetarian sandwiches, the Europa and the Tuscan. We split them between us, both quite good, but the pesto on the Tuscan won the sandwich war. I liked that each sandwich came on different bread, though they had some similar ingredients, the bread and sauces stood out on each. The waitress was great, helpful and friendly. We chatted about the cocktail menu and they sounded so good we took a walk and came back to try her recommendations. Really well crafted cocktails, thoughtful combinations. I'd definitely come back to try some of the other options, too, after watching them really work hard at each one they made.Trente-Cinq was such a surprisingly great experience. We had the Croquettes de crevettes for an appetizer which was nicely done (and more importantly not overdone). The two croquettes were a creamy and exceptionally good and these were served with a very light mixed green salad - the perfect dish to get your taste buds looking for more. Then came the entrees...we ordered the Steamed Mussels and Lamb Shank. The Steamed Mussels were by far the best tasting mussels I've ever had and the Lamb Shank was falling off the bone. When they brought the Steamed Mussels, they did not skimp on the portion size. This is an excellent dish to share with a group. The Lamb Shank melted in your mouth as was nicely served along with a vegetable ragout and couscous. The meal was perfect and they have a nice wine selection to accompany the meals quite well. The chef used to work at Coup De Tart in Phoenix, and I can certainly see why he started his own restaurant. Please check this restaurant out while you're in Phoenix, as Mr. Lionel Geuskens deserves the visitors with his excellent cuisine!!! 5 Stars!!!!My family is Belgian and we have eaten here several times.  My mother and grandmother are natives of the Flemish side.  We have never had a bad meal; the desserts are absolutely amazing, and the entrees are always delicious.  I don't eat mussels, but my mom loves them.We were in town from San Francisco to visit friend and decided to take them out to a nice dinner.  After a bit of searching we came upon Trente-Cinq.  We were VERY impressed with this restaurant.  We had the scallop and asparagus appetizers which were great! Then I had the lamb shank for dinner which was the best lamb shank I have ever had. It was in a flavorful sweet broth with couscous and sweet potatoes on the side.  Our friends had the mussels which we were worried about given that we are used to very fresh seafood.  However, the chef did not disappoint. Overall the food was fresh, properly seasoned and VERY flavorful. A true Phoenix gem.The only downside was that there were not more people in the restaurant. Everyone in Phoenix should be going to the this restaurant as it would be a travesty if it closed.This place rocks!  Talk about taking advantage of Phoenix weather!  The only thing "inside" about this place is where you order your food.  But that is all served "to go" style in a basket as you'll be eating it on one of the many outdoor benches.  Or maybe while sitting around a camp fire.  Their burgers are really quite good - though it could just be the open air that adds to the flavor.  It's awesome to sit up here when the weather is good, buy a package of their marshmallows and do them up over the fire.  And did I mention you can do that with a beer in hand? To me this feels like someone is having an awesome catered party in their backyard.  It's so comfortable and laid back it's always a good time.  It can be interesting to find for sure - but you'll have a great time once you're there.I absolutely LOVE Greasewood Flat!!! A friend brought me here  while I was visiting for the weekend. It was quite an active weekend, from Phoenix to Sedona to Punto Penasco. The entire weekend was fun but Greasewood Flat definitely left a memorable mark.I took another trip to AZ with another friend months later and of course had to turn her on to it as well. I don't think I'll ever go back to the Phoenix area without paying a visit to The Flat. It's definitely worth going out of your way for. And it really is out of the way!A one-two punch of drinking the day away at a Cubs spring training game, then in the lazy, shaded courtyard of Greasewood Flat pretty much makes Arizona feel like kingdom come, with the proviso that The Maker is heavy into the rustic western ranch theme.  Three of us came here on a Thursday afternoon, and saddled up to a picnic bench built for a thousand.  We ordered two cocktails (ginger ale vs. whiskey) and a Pacifico, which came out to a humble $9.50 a round.  Naturally, this lead to the preservation of our drink order through rounds 2-7.  After about an our of enjoying our space there in the front patio and loading the jukebox up with Bob Marley, Dave Matthews Band, Johnny Cash, Counting Crows, and Tom Petty, the tourists started to roll in, so that by sunset, the place was rife with atmosphere and the seedlings of rowdiness.  The cowboy in the white hat commandeered the small stage and twanged his way through Willie, Buffet, and Janis covers.  Fellow revelers began to mimic our private barrel fire, which my homegirls procured from Greasewood supplied chopped wood and a little East Valley Tribune.  Fire raging, cool booze in hand, and sated by the culinary offering of quarterpound bacon cheeseburgers, we were feeling like settlers of the New Old West, not very far from the New New West of Sprawlsdale, Arizona.I LOVE this place!!!  Its fun to get out of the glim and glam of Scottsdale and put on the jeans, cowboy boots, and casual shirt.  Its great to head there on a night when the air outside is nice but a tad chilly because you can start your own fire right next to your bench at Greasewood Flats.  My friend brought her 7 year old son and he loved roasting marshmallows on the fire (you can buy the marshmallows there).  The laidback atmosphere is great and on weekends they have bands, so you can get your groove on if you'd like or watch others dance.   If you want to relax, eat hamburgers and drink beer...  this is the place to come.  Also, this is a great place to bring out of town guests.  Its light on the wallet and the evening will definitely be memorable.Also, I have gone to this place after hiking Pinnacle Peak.  They open up at 11am everyday... so, it's a great place to grab a yummy burger and beer after a nice hike.Love this place. The perfect respite from Scottsdale and one of my Sunday faves. The burgers are tasty, the drinks are cheap and the campfire is welcoming. I love sitting outside and enjoying this cowboy bar with friends. This place is totally casual and very rustic, but in a friendly, relaxing kind of way. You can also try your hand at horseshoes, which is way harder than it looks.GOT BIKE?!  

Having first heard of this place from a friend of mine, I knew I had to try it. 40 flavors of wings? Are you kidding me? That's insane! I've never had SO MANY to choose from. And being an extremely picky eater this was good news to me.Walking into the internet cafe that this gem of a place is hidden away in, I was surprised. Having expected Wing King to have it's own building. But that is beside the point, don't let the fact that it's in a food court fool you. This place is phenomenal!The owner, Brian, is one of the nicest guys I have ever met. He let us take our time with the menu, and even offered some suggestions. For my first time I went with a six-piece of "Hot Chili Lime" flavored wings, and an order of fried pickles. Oh, did I mention the fried pickles? They're perfect! (This place really had me at the fried pickles) ANYWAYS, the food was a very good price. Just about $4.50 for a six-piece order of wings (plus ranch and celery) and $1.49 for a basket of pickles. Being a college student who loves wings and is on a budget, I was estatic to see those prices. Now, those wings. Hot Chili Lime is something I knew I would love, I was very right. Tangy and spicy, and just delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about them!Since my first time, I've been back several. And have had a different flavor of wings (almost) every time. Along with their french fries, jalapeno bombers, red velvet cake, peach cobbler, and cookies! With so much to choose from, you really can have it your way (sorry, burger king!) when you come to Wing King.I'm a pretty regular customer here, and don't plan on ending that anytime soon.So to sum it all up, this place is great! If you want great food, with great service, definitely stop by Wing King. (Did I mention it's great?)Pretty sure Wing Stop, B-Dubs and all the other wing places didnt hear Tawni B's word of warning to move over because i'm damn sure the Wing King just trampled them and left what ever remained in the dust.Got curious after running into a business owning buddy who was having lunch here and decided to give Wing King a try. I was already commited on hitting up Kaba Curry for a meal but there was space for wings. there's ALWAYS space for wings. Talked to Brian (Owner? Chef? Wing Saint?) and i asked for his suggest for something not spicy but good. He suggested the Garlic Parmesan and was just thinking about the Garlic Parmesan. Wings took a minute to arrive, I was already a few spoonfuls into my Kaba Curry box when they finally arrived. First impression was wow those are some big chunks of grated Parmesan. The initial bite was VERY impressive. Garlicy but not breathe inducing with a very rich Parmesan taste. The flaps of skin you get from wings were nice and crispy while the meaty bits were tender and still a bit juicy. If you dont eat the cartilage from the joints then move on. If you do. the drumlet  cartilage wasnt too hard to pull off the bone and actually held on to some seasoning pretty good.They got over 40 flavors, 17 of them i'm not going to even touch because i dont handle spicy too well. The rest is gonna be one of those 'the reward isnt at the destination but the journey itself''  type of situations.The wings are DELICIOUS and I've loved every flavor I tried!  My favorites include Apple BBQ, and Jamaican Jerk BBQ~  The desserts are especially delicious, and I was surprised to find out he made everything, even down to the dipping sauces, by hand~  I'm a regular and I'm here every week~The service is good and the owner is super friendly~If you want some of the best wings, come to Wing King!WING LOVERS, YOUR SEARCH FOR DELICIOUS WINGS ARE OVER!Just like you I was reading the reviews, (mainly Tawni and Tien's), I was compelled to check this place out.So as I park and get out of my car, I see a big sign that says this place is an internet cafe. Huh? Am I at the wrong place? Then I remembered from the reviews that the whole place is a food court. I walk up to the Wing King counter and Brian, the owner, was still getting ready. He sees me and politely asks if he can help me. I said excitedly "WINGS, IM HERE FOR THE WINGS!" So he takes my order and I sit down with my mouth watering to wait for my first bite. So while im waiting, I tell Brian Yelp is what brought me here. Never mind the fact that I dont mind going to new places to try out wings, if it wasnt for Yelp, you would not be reading this review.Ok so for the wings. There are 40 flavors. Yes. 40. I had garlic parmesan and garlic hot. Ok, so I love garlic. Dont judge me! Especially if you are a vampire! The wings were a little bit bigger than your average size. Brian asked if I liked it extra crispy. Hell yes I do! So after I devoured my wings, things like hole in the wall and a 5 star review was already embedded in my head. From my last conversation with Brian, he is already coming up with even more sauces like mango slam and honey mustard slam. This guy works his butt off to keep you coming back and I for one am one of them!I also ordered garlic parmesan fries and fried pickles. YES, I SAID FRIED PICKLES! Both were off the hook and Brian also let me sample some sweet chili glazed fries. OMG it was some of the best fries I have had in a long time. Please refer to the amazing pics on here and your mouth will be watering. I guarantee it!As I was finishing up, Brian just happen to serve me a peach cobbler fresh out of the oven as a token of appreciation. DAMN! If I knew he was gonna do that, I wouldnt of ate so many wings! I could only finish half of it. Speaking of the peach cobbler, man this guy has some great desserts as well. I have tried the red velvet cake and the cookies. A special mention goes out to his rum cake as well. This is not a usual and its not on the menu but he made it for a customer one time so he decided to make two. One for the customer and one for whoever was lucky enough that day to be there when he put it out. Yes, I was there and boy oh boy it was awesome! If I ate any more I would need a cab to get home! Im sure he can specially make it for you if you let him know ahead of time so he can do his magic. That is the advantage of baking your own desserts! You can taste the freshness for sure! Oh, before I forget, Brian tells me he is in the process of bringing in Bluebelle Ice Cream. For those that dont know, that's only something that you only see on the east coast. So that alone should warrant a trip here.If you are wondering, yes there is a really, really spicy hot wing challenge. The flavor is called Hell. No explanation necessary here. All I know is that I need to bring my friends that think they can pass this challenge here soon. Im also hoping we can make a Yelp event out of this. (Hi Misti! LOL)So now after reading this you should be compelled to check this place out just like me. For complete info on their 40 flavors and other items, go to their website: www.wingkinglv.comGreat wings! Try the Jamaican Sweet Chili and red velvet cake!i remember my employees telling me about this wing place weeks before i actually went. when i went with one of my employees i met brian the owner. really down to earth guy. i ordered some wings, i think they were under 5 bucks for 6 wings? i might be wrong. theres a huge list of all kinds of flavors. more than buffalo wild wings. they were really good. cooked just right and not dried out. im not a wing expert but i enjoyed them much more than bww's. he gave us a small sample of pie. gat dayum! thats some good pie. my employee had some fried pickles and she let me try some. very nice. =) whenever im in the mood for wings i usually go here. of the many times ive already been here i saw a guy do the hot wing challenge. he looked pretty messed up and i dont think he finished.Thanks to Tien for introducing us to this place. I would've never known about this place. Always in search of good wings, and to find great French fries in the same search is phenomenal. The owners are from Louisiana so they know good food and are friendly as well. 

Chicken that was vacuumed packed and cooked in water .... so moist and tender with

1) Tables in front of the kitchen doors are not ideal and very annoying. Refuse to be sat there as he swinging door will open and close hundreds of times during your meal. 

Five stars all the way!Very happy nwith this place! I have never stated in the hotel portions but I have had an expo here! I like the casino, bowling, buffet, and convention center. This is for sure a place in Vegas that you can take a family!Stayed at the South Point for week 1 of March Madness. They do a great job with their viewing party upstairs. Free to get in (too many reserved tables), betting, food and drinks available without leaving the room.  Really liked the casino, lower limits and very little smoke lingering about. Great rooms at a pretty good value. From the valet to the spa, I was treated very well. Can't wait to go back.My first time at this hotel but my parents always stay there and gamble a lot!!! so My dad had free rooms so we decided to take a trip, I called 2 days ahead and they gladly booked our rooms  and upgraded us to a suite plus dinning credits. We arrived around 11 and they gave us the rooms. They were the 25th floor beautiful rooms with complimentary sodas and waters in the fridge plus a coupon booklet. We ate at steak and shake it was really good. We also ate at the garden buffet it's was ok. The drinks are really cheap compared to other hotels on the strip. It's really relaxing and there's a ton of things to do! They also have a shuttle to the strip I believe they charge not sure. I will stay here again!!!This hotel and casino is fun, offers many cool things to do and places to eat, and has the best staff! My favorite place to eat here is the Coronado Cafe! The food is delicious and the staff is beyond superb! The Steak and shake is great and delicious as well, however, it's more "fast food". The bowling here is fun and is really never too crowded and the movie theater has comfy seating for sure! Their slot machines aren't too tight, so winning is pretty easy! I highly suggest this place for sure!We love the SP. We are treated like family every time we are on property and have not once had a bad experience in 4 years. If you're looking for a good, moderately priced steakhouse, I recommend Silverado. We eat there often and it never disappoints. Staff is friendly and everyone seems to love their jobs at this hotel and casino.I usually stay on the strip but my husband (doesn't really gamble) bought a truck & we decided to fly in/drive back. Great check-in Coupons! For the weekend we enjoyed the deli, coffee, shows, restaurants, outdoor pool & bingo (plays every 2hrs) & free parking.  We didn't have time for the movie complex or 24 hr bowling alley. The con for some guest would be the view of a wall.  I received a steep discount for this & Yelp informed me that could happen. The rooms were nice so this didn't matter to us for this trip.  I found a couple of fun payout slot machines & even managed to come home with a little profit. I'll definitely be back.This review is for the amenities at the Casino. We stayed at the Grandview just a short walk across the street.

3. Shrimp panang - 

 

Their staffs are  very attentive and good energy.

Ricky FWhen I first discovered the Turkish Kitchen a couple of years ago, it didn't look anything particularly special from the outside. I find this is very common with the places serving the most authentic food. Recently the frontage has been spruced up, but thankfully the food remains at the same high standard.As the name suggests, it's a real family affair & you feel like a guest at their house eating home-cooked food, lovingly prepared and representing the best Turkish cuisine has to offer. It is also priced to suit most people's pockets & I really hope it stays that way. I can't wait to visit again!My friend has been telling me of the amazing food delights available in this tucked away little restaurant for a long time now. On a recent Friday night I found myself a couple of pints in and in need of some good food with little fuss. Wandering along from the west end of rose street and really not in the mood for pub grub I remembered about the tall tales of amazing food and inexpensive prices, so I dragged the missus in for some meze. The decor is simple and straight forward and the restaurant clean and presentable. I am guessing the man that greeted us with a smile was the owner, as he seemed to take great pride in telling us about the food. He made us feel welcome and was happy to adjust the meze platter to be veggie. Good start all in. On taking in the surroundings a little more I realised the other tables all seemed to be turkish people enjoying food and mint tea. This is always a good sign for me.Our food arrived and wow a giant plate of what was definately home made salads, hummous, pickles and meze. The Sarma and Zulma in particular were excellent. All this was served with home made pita breads. Big thumbs up all round.When we went to pay I thought the meze platter was £8 a head it turns out this was for us both, so including drinks we had a great meal for £10!! Bearing in mind this was a friday night and easily for bad pub food you are looking at a tenner a head or more. The bench mark is now set for me in terms of turkish food and I will be back next time I find myself in this end of town.The best hummus I've ever had. Best even better than what I've had in Israel! I also had the Lamb with tomato, onion and mushroom. It was all so tasty! Great portions at  great prices. The owner and chef is so sweet and helpful when ordering. Dine in or take out, it is nice for both.This is an up and coming Middle Eastern bakery that hasn't lost its touch just yet, hopefully it never will! Every single restaurant that has attempted to run in that particular location has always shut down, but so far... this one has stuck around the longest and seems to be gaining popularity. It has definitely won me over.The interior is quite large, spacious, and looks great - making it worth it to sit and eat there too. Al-Baghdadi has a beautiful brick oven and you get to see them do everything from scratch, from the making of the dough until it is ready to be served! They have a variety of options, add-ons, and desserts to satisfy your palate, and the staff are welcoming, funny, and will always recognize you.Perhaps a part of me expects more because I, myself, am Arab, but I think I just appreciate and expect tradition and quality more than anything. It's hard to find an Arabic restaurant that gets everything down right, and I have never been disappointed in all my visits here. I definitely recommend it over Al-Taib, hands down.Un petit restaurant - traiteur qui vaut le détour ! Avec son entrée au 1er étage, sans Yelp nous ne l'aurions sans doute pas remarqué. Accueillis gentiment dès l'entrée, nous nous sommes laissés conseillés. La pizza arménienne (Manakish) au Sujouk (boeuf épicé), et celle au poulet étaient délicieuses et légères. Nous avons aussi dégusté de l'houmous avec une petite salade et du pain. Puis nous avons fait le plein de patisseries orientales aux pistaches et noix de cajou. Un restaurant qui allie simplicité, qualité, gentillesse à un prix incroyablement abordable. Bravo !Une belle pâtisserie du Moyen-Orient (Irak, je crois...), bien située au centre-ville près du métro Guy.On peut manger sur place, prendre un thé à la menthe et un petit gâteau ou pour emporter. Essayez les pâtisseries: mini baklavas, namourra et petits biscuits, ils sont délicieux et c'est super pour offrir en cadeau. Et les prix sont vraiment abordables. Quoi de mieux?Super  Arabic- style chicken pizza, as well as others, served fresh out of the wood burning oven. Piping hot,lovely crisp crust,tender chunks of roasted chicken,and not at all salty. I had a side platter of tabouli which paired beautifully with the pizza. I decided to hell with the calories and to just live a little, and ordered a good slice of cream-filled pastry,freshly made, for dessert, with a cup of tea to wash it down,and it was excellent. The restauarant is divided into 2 sections, the front preoccupies itself with  lunch/dinner items, and has only 4 tables, the large back section, is Mid-Eastern  pastries galore, but you  can order and sit where you like. There is also an upstairs, with waiter/ress service. Glad I came here instead of that "other" place,wish I'd only made the trip here sooner, will definitely be back!excellent kunafa, baklava and other treats. Special Turkish coffee. And service with a smile. Can't wait to come back again!After attempting to eat at Qing Hua just down the road and rudley told no close to closing time we stopped here and wow what a great find. I am not sure if we ever did this but we started with dessert. It blew our minds away how good it was!! WTF they put in there. I never had anything close to this but on the island of crete. then the food came which was all excellent. We tried as much as we can or the body can. I will be back and Qing Hua lost us as a customer...,.avoid very rude but good food.Very nice place! I read about this place on yelp and found some good reviews about it. So I though I would try it. The place is really nice. They have freshly baked pizzas with bread baked right there in their oven. 

  I also recommend the Sangria.  Buy the pitcher....it is worth the $25.  If you like fruiter drinks get the white sangria but if you like dryer wine the I suggest getting the red.

We were first told that we would get to pick what we got up our server ended up picking for us.  We basically at all the apps and over half the main courses. 

she took care of us. She made our experience better,  and willing to come back.The manager is awesome.   She greets us warmly and personally every time we come in (about every 4-6 weeks).  Actually remembers us!  Food is consistent.   Prices reasonable.  Great family restaurant.My daughter loves this place. My husband wanted to go somewhere else I guess more fancy or upscale, but, alas, we seem to be those parents, that give in and let our kid run the show... 

- Great walking paths

Very cozy and romantic restaurant, especially in the winter... Like being in a wood cabin in the middle of nowhere (not on the side of a highway), with the fireplace going... So lovely :)

If you ever have a craving for a real delight and want to really 'enjoy a silent moment'.....try one of their coconut, lemon or dark chocolate cupcakes. Honestly I didnt care how many calories are in them....I was weak in the knees. 

 The butter cream frosting is so smooth, creamy, and yummy! The cake is so fluffy and flavorful. PUCKER UP....DAMN great is all I can say!!!! This cupcake right here!!!!  Sweet yet Tart pieces of real raspberry in white cake topped with a lemonilicious (is that a word?!!) cloud of butter cream... Please check this bakery out!!!!I haven't lived in Vegas in almost 3 years and yet EVERY SINGLE TIME I come home I have to visit this place! The owners know me and my mom as regulars and my only wish is that they'd open a second shop in LA but oh well, a girl can dream.My favorite flavors are Butterscotch, Maple Bacon and the super yummy Coffee & Donuts. I've ordered dozens for special occasions and for everyday sweet treats and I'm never disappointed. It's always moist and the icing is sweet, just like I like it.Great Cupcakes. Great People!Rate ALL stars!! They were very friendly unlike The Cupcakery in Summerlin. & the cupcakes..... Absolutely delicious!!! My mom got the "double dipped chocolate?" I got the "pink lemonade iced tea & cinnamon apple cider" & both sisters had the donut cupcake & maple bacon which they loved. Definitely recommend this bakery if you have a sweet tooth!!!We used their delivery service the second time we got cupcakes from Retro and it went off without a hitch.  They have 3 separate windows of time that they make their deliveries.  Mine were to be dropped off I believe between 3 and 5 and the delivery person arrived at our hotel a little bit past 3 o'clock.  I ended up going to the wrong valet area to meet her and felt bad that I had to make her wait for me to finally find the right one and pick up my cupcakes, but she was totally cool about it.  Very nice girl!The cupcakes did not disappoint and were well worth the $20 delivery fee they charge.  We had to get their dreamy Hop Scotch again - eyes roll to the the back of the head good!!  I'm a vanilla kind of girl so I had to get their Vanilla Loves Vanilla again as well.  Others we got were the Milk & Cookies, Cotton Candy, and a special strawberry one that they were offering for a limited time.  While they were all good, my favorite of those three was the Cotton Candy.  It's up there as a favorite along with their Hop Scotch and Vanilla Loves Vanilla.  My birthday was coming up so we had "Happy Birthday" picks placed on top of each cupcake - cute!  Can't wait to have their cupcakes again! :)These are the best cupcakes in the valley, hands down (and we've tried a lot of cupcake places)...Quick update while I'm writing reviews today...THESE ARE STILL DELICIOUS..

Pool, beautiful... Although you have to be a guest to go..  Boo

-The sandwich was perfect perfect perfect: cheddar, a little goat cheese, tomato on rosemary bread. The sandwich wasn't too greasy or heavy. It was grilled cheese nirvana. 

We both felt that the Red Blend went very well with the filet, and the Cab went better with the shortrib.  This course was over the top, and could not have scored higher in our minds.CRÈME DE LE COULÉE BEAR VALLEY (A bloomy-rind sheep milk cheese)

So if you're looking for a new salon/stylist take my advice and go see Dana at Beauty Box Salon. You won't regret it!!Dana is hands down the best stylist I have ever gone too. I know when I get my hair done by her, it is high in value. She takes pride in her education and is always keeping up on the new trends in regards to color, cuts, and products. I was so sick of my dull and orange blonde hair and she made it vibrant and gorgeous! She truly shows that hair is her passion. She takes the time to understand what exactly you are looking for and will tell you the process of how to achieve your results without losing the integrity of the hair! I also have hair extensions in by Dana and they are the best hair extensions I have ever had! I have had no breakage or damage and am quite obsessed with them! I am a firm believer that you get what you pay for no matter what the service is. I know her pricing reflects the countless hours of education and talent that she posseses and she ensures I leave a happy customer!Love going to Dana at Beauty Box Salon!! She does a great job and is very professional. She has cut, colored and styled my hair and I've even used her for airbrush makeup. She always does a wonderful job and her salon is super cute too!Dana is your Girl, for someone you can trust with your hair.  Dana takes the time to listen to what you 'think' you might want but then in my situation, she will tell you what you 'really need' and you never thought it would look good on you but once she is done, oh my , Amazing work! 

Next time I'm in Gilbert, I will try to save room for their dessert after I treat myself to Joe's Real BBQ.First of all the food here is always amazing! I have never once left without a full belly, and even on the days when the food is a little off its still delicious. Whenever I go I get the chicken Brest sandwich with the mac & cheese and as a college student I love that I can get a good sized meal here for under $10. 

Our favorite was the Spicy Sexy Roll. Soooo spicy AND flavorful! 

I believe this is the best fine dining experience in Vegas. The caviar service was perfect, our waiter was a sweetheart, the steaks were perfect, the truffle mashed potatoes and potato gratin were delicious. The coconut soufflé was also perfect. Our lovely waiter even brought our family a complementary dessert!  ( we were celebrating ) Oh and the location is perfect too! The only bad thing one must prepare for is the cold, unwelcoming hostesses. But once you get past them-it's wonderful!the food, the view, our server.. the overall experience......this will be a place we'll visit everytime we're in vegas. everything was so delicious!Very pricey but worth it. Took my wifey out here for a date night. Tab for 2 ran about 400. I had dry aged ribeye, she did sea bass. Both were fantastic and cooked correctly. I had the shellfish appetizer (65$ for a small main lobster, 2 oysters, 4 huge shrimp, 2 mussels, 1/4 lb king crab). It was the best appetizer I have ever eaten and was afraid i wouldn't have room for the steak lol. Wife had crab cake (25$). Small for the price but not much filler. Just lumpy crab meat. 

 THANKS COOL GUYSI was in need of replacing my old AC unit, so I came to yelp to check out company reviews. I'm so glad I chose Cool Guys. Lynn was super helpful, both before and during the installation. He got a quote to me right away. A month later, when I scheduled the service, he was very accommodating with my schedule. He also finished the whole installation in less time than expected (about 2ish hours for a roof-top heat pump). 

We also ate a pizzookie. (A cookie baked in a pizza pan, with ice cream and chocolate sauce). Yummmm. Plenty to take home and have tomorrow for breakfast.Great atmosphere, service, and food. Enjoyed a Chicago thin crust Numero One-O and garlic bread. It is refreshing to find a great pizza chain this good.I LOVE this place. It's been a family favorite for years and years. Amazing thin and deep dish pizza! Ginormous, tasty salads! The kick butt cheesy garlic bread is to die for. This spot is a can't miss!If you've had an iffy experience in the past, give them another try. The food is great and the service is outstanding. Sit with Jimmy outside if you can, he'll take care of you. ;-)Even though the wait time can get crazy this is always a great place to eat.  Good food. Great service.  And awesome belinis!!  Keep coming back!I love this place! The food and atmosphere is amazing although theres always atleast a 30 minute wait the food and service you recive is definitely worth it all. For first timers i recommend the big rig pasta, pablo picaso salad,lasagna and of course finishing it all off with a pazookie.Loved it!! Excellent pastas and meatballs. Thin crust pizza. Sever Miguel was awesome!!The portions are GIANT and delicious. The staff is quick and friendly. I wish so badly that I didn't live in another state because I would eat here all the time!!The food here is amazing. We had the brussel sprouts that are to die for. We also ordered a house salad. Their salads are ginormous! Almost obnoxious.  We also had the wheat crust BBQ pizza. All fantastic.  Can't wait to go to Oregano's again next time we are in AZ.We had a long wait for our food, but it was worth it! The waiter was terrific, even with our large group. I ordered the children's size spaghetti, which he probably thought was for my 3-year old-granddaughter, and it was the perfect size for me! If you don't want to wait for hours, consider going early in the evening!Gotta say, any chance I get to go to Oregano's, I go. There isn't an Oregano's location that disappoints. Ever.Pizza is great.Lasagna is great.Coupe D'Ville chicken parm is great.And the cookie? The singular best restaurant dessert anywhere and what a value!Love this place! I've been going here for years with friends and family for all sorts of events. Definitely a place for small or big get-togethers. Expect a wait time of at least 15 minutes, because its a small place. If you find yourself waiting for up to 30 minutes the staff will pass out complimentary pizza squares, or cheesy bread, or something of that sort, occasionally. They'll also get you and your party some drinks to start while you wait to be seated. Also expect to spend a bit more on the food, but I believe it's definitely worth it because the portion sizes of each dish, as well as the quality. The staff is super friendly and I've never had a bad experience here!I adore Oregano's. Sure, you aren't going to get a table right away, especially on a weekend. This speaks to how popular the place is - it's amazing. Anyways, they have comfortable seating and menus available while you wait. And it's worth the wait, anyways!The servers are always really helpful, everything I've ever ordered there has always been delicious. The stuffed rigatoni is my absolute favorite. No matter the time of year, outdoor OR indoor seating is great. The cheesy bread is great!!Our favorite pizza place HANDS DOWN.  I recommend the deep dish if you're crusty or the Beefstro Salad (the best salad in the world). Service is always great but parking can be a challenge.Oh and don't forget the pizza cookie!Still 5 stars. Over and over and over, again. I'm here easily 2-3x/month. Still my favorite of their area locations.Tonight's arrival was around 8. Still a 30 minute wait. 100 degrees outside. They have this awesome air conditioning version of a heat lamp outside. It, along with the misters worked amazingly well. Thank you.Seated and quickly greeted by Alyssa. Beverages served quickly. Coupe D'ville chicken parm orders placed and served in a reasonable time. Chicken was a large portion, moist and tender. The pasta was steaming hot and plentiful. Alyssa did a great job. Very friendly. Orders handled correctly. Attentive when needed.Consistent across the board. Friendly people. Clean dining room. Really good food that is an excellent value for the money. Unlike so many local restaurants, this one is worthy of the typical 30 minute wait for a table.So I'm a lil behind in writing reviews but here we go. I had heard about this "stuffed pizza" joint in Arizona and anyone who knows me knows i LOVE deep dish!! So when i hit AZ for Comic Con this was a must try. We started with the garlic parm lime wings which were cooked nicely and seasoned perfectly. they were fantastic. The lime added that extra lil zing to garlic parm that I haven't had before. Then I had the Italian Wedding Soup which came in a bread bowl (i think it was pizza dough shaped as the bowl). It was perfection, the seasoning, the balance, the ingredients. Then the main course, the stuffed pizza. A deepdish pizza topped by a thin crust top and the sauce ontop of that. It was PERFECTION. So much cheese and so filled with pepperoni. The crust had a nice crunch to it and the flavor of the dough was perfect to me.Oregano's is now a must hit joint for me anytime I end up in Phoenix or near Phoenix. Go check it out you will not be disappointed.Best Oréganos Pizza in Phoenix.  Love their staff but even more grateful for their cooks!  All of their food is delicious.  Consistent w/flavors and served just right.  We do Dine-In and Takeout.  Service for both has been perfect every single time.  Great place for large groups, families and kids.  On peak hours, they do have long wait times but I don't think we've ever waited more than 40 minutes for a table at this location.  If there's a lot of people waiting...  they bring out samplers of pizza for everyone to try.  Comfortable seating inside... and oudoor seating available too.  They have watermisters on, on hot days.  Parking is tricky at this location but after your first visit, it's not that big of an issue unless their packed.  Large servings for all their plates.  Chicken wings are soooooo spicy.  It's legit!  Their pasta dishes are delicious and not two entrées are alike.  Pizza is by far THE BEST on their Menu!    I'm not a huge pizza lover but I crave Oréganos pizza ALL THE TIME.They are the best cleaners I have had in the valley.What can I say? I have been a customer for 20 years now. They keep my wardrobe looking GREAT! I trust them with my most expensive designer items. They always have my things done on time and the pricing is very fair for what a good job they do. This is a fabulous local find that I recommend whole heartedly.New to the neighborhood but tried this cleaners due to the Yelp offer of 50% off for first times.  I took in 12 items that all turned out very well.  At drop off, Yaritza asked if I had any special requests and was kind to answer several of my  questions. One white lace dress had quite a bit of makeup on the delicate strap which they were able to get out. My black and white crochet overlay dress turned out great too- this was first time having this item cleaned I was concerned if the chemicals could make the black dye bleed into the white.  Lo and behold: it's perfectly new looking!!At pick up, I was greeted immediately- my total was $56 and change.  This gal (I cannot remember her name)was super sweet and customer focused as well. You guys won me as a regular!!  I hope I can find another coupon in the future because it runs about $11.50 to clean 1 dress though well worth it for quality garments that you hope to treasure forever.I was a first time customer and I was pleased with the service. The cost was on the higher side however still quite reasonable when balanced against the quality of the job.Hit the drive thru tonight about 10:45, ordered the sourdough jack with a couple modifications... The cook nailed it, was the best SDJ ive had in ever. Gentleman at the window addressing customers was courteous and professional, this was truly appreciated after a long day at work. Rocked it guys, thank you.I could eat lunch off the floor in here. Seriously, this place is spotless and more organized than the alphabetized, labels facing out, canned goods in my kitchen cupboard. Elaine. How do I say this? I'm madly in love with Elaine. I went to pay for some doublestick tape to hang a ticket holder in the restaurant. She, very politely, said she thought this wouldn't hold. Instantly told me what to get and got an equally friendly person to equip me with the tools to do the job. Some strong glue and a couple of screws later Elaine and I were smiling and enjoying a cigarette together....NO...I kid! Really though, I bought two screws and some glue that will hold up stainless steel and I was in and out in five minutes. Thanks to the staff, or I would have been back. And I've got better things to do. Like organizing the cereal boxes. Rickie put the Lucky Charms before the Cap'n Crunch! WHO does that?The best help I've ever had in a Hardware store!  This place is SWARMING with staff willing to help you. All of them wear goofy red Hawaiian shirts so you clearly know who is there for your benefit. The place is medium sized but they always seem to have two registers open, basically insuring that you are in and out in a very speedy manner.I don't know why you would shop anywhere else ... nothing against Home Depot but I'm done with you. Service is king!Extremely nice and helpful!I am a strong handyman and this is my favorite hardware store ever. They really have everything. One aisle of just fine hardware.I usually get treated like I'm incompetent at stores like these, but not at this one! The customer service at this location is wonderful! They helped me find exactly what I needed and guided me around the store introducing to me to each person in their department that could help with my project. I sincerely appreciate being treated with so much respect. It was like they cared about my project's success as much as I did!

I used her for a fashion photo shoot and we pulled off 6 looks in 4 hours.  That is amazing!

Oh, and a weird UNLV area?... Paid 90$.... On a Saturday....Made my reservation at 4pm....That night.../Impressed!The awesome guy at check in gave me the AAA discount without

The staff is professional, the office is clean and the prices are very reasonable.  

Fries were good.

-they are very neat and never leave items behind or work unfinished. They set out to do, and get it done!!!Those are just a few reasons I have come to call them my favorite Landscaping Company. Truly they are the BEST, that I have come to know and work with.

I'm so happy they have a Starbucks (I think there was one here before? I'm probably wrong.) and the new juice bar is pretty cool. I hope they at least keep the va bene? on the first floor. 

Is.

4. Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza

Boots? Covered.Lighters, posters, tapestries, rock fashion accessories and more are all under one roof. And that SMELL, that Shirts 'n' Things smell, is one of a kind. It's the scent of rock'n'roll.This place Kicks ASS!!! It's the perfect place to find birthday and Christmas gifts. Besides all of the cool t-shirts there are plenty of rock accessories and memorabilia as well. Bullet belts, patches, flags, incense, studded armbands and belts, watches, belt buckles, posters, cutouts, and buttons are among some of the things you can find. I've been buying shirts here for years. The staff and ownership is second to none! The selection is as eclectic as it is diverse. Not once in all of the years that I've been a customer here have I not been able to find the shirt that I desire. Shirts 'n' things puts the special in special order, whether you're looking for Van Halen or Discharge, Mayhem or Boy George, this crew will track it down just for you. If t-shirts are your game, Shirts 'n' Things is the name.Well, I must say that their online store is awesome. They were the only online store that had the band patch I was looking for. They use paypal for payment which made me feel secure in my purchase and shipped the product out pretty quickly. I had a problem with paypal giving them a past address that needed to be updated and had no problem getting in contact with a store rep who had the address changed to the right one. Was a great buying experience.I love the cramped cluttered feeling of Shirts 'n' Things. Eh, where to start I love the belt buckles they keep in the case since I am a belt buckle person and they have some cool and beautiful belt buckles. Cool lighters, stickers, posters, gothic hair accessories, hats and even cute baby outfits with a metal or gothic twist. Huge music memorabilia selection to choose from whether it is shirts, posters, stickers, bags, patches, and hats. They have a great shoe selection from Demonia, creepers, and boots. Nice purses as well near the back of the store. There is way too much to look at in one shopping trip, just take your time and do one section at a time. Nice assortment of jewelry and altogether weird items. Right across the street from MCC, next to Cheba Hut and Subway.I might never step foot inside a hot topic again. This place has just about every band shirt you could want. I'll defiantly be back again.Got name and number printed on 13 Under Armour polyester shirts for under $100 with a 3 day turnaround time. Service was great, and they were very helpful.This is the only place to go shopping in AZ for someone who you know is too cool for anything at the mall and those that are too dorky to pull off anything at the mall (i.e. everyone I know and love) at the SAME time.This place is great. I ordered custom team shirts. They were a great price, good quality (I've worn and washed my shirt through two softball seasons and it still looks great) and looked just like I had hoped. Great staff too. I had a last minute rush for the new people on the team and they got them done for me in time.  Not to mention, they have a lot of fun stuff to browse in the store, at good prices.This is the place you go when your looking for a band tee or poster or stickers or hats or anything else you can possibly think of that you might need to buy your band stuff on haha. In all seriousness this place has everything for the person that doesn't want the same cookie cutter bs clothes in the mall. I love this place, In all honesty I've bought my shirts here for the past 3-4 years...only here. If your looking for anything dark, rockabilly, goth..ish, different.. then this is the place for you. They also have baby and toddler sized stuff too to rock your kid out hahaha!These guys are awesome esther and larry hooked me up when i needed my bowling shirts fast.  And they came out awesomeLove this place! I mostly buy my hair dye here because it's one of the only places in the state that carries it....they have all kinds of cool stuff and will order things if need be! You can also get custom shirts and stickers made there if you need that kind of thing!Never caught the guys name that helped me, needed some shoes for work and he was quick to let me know which ones he had in stock that were my size.  Ended up getting a shirt as well.  The store was a bit cluttered, but when you look at the variety of things and what they are selling mainly it makes sense for it be a tad bit messy.  They had a large selection of a variety of things.  Shirts were about what you would find them for online so no complaints there.I absolutely LOVE this store! I have been coming here since I was a teenager, and now my teenagers shop here. Larry and Deb (the owners) are some of the nicest people you will ever Meet.

Now, drinks.  The martini's were really good.  I usually stick with the dirty martini which was great but then I moved on to a vodka with fresh grapefruit and was pleasantly surprised.  My friend had some sort of fruity one that was also quite tasty!

+) Sugar Bee's special care is clearly evident in their holiday pie pre-orders. You just can't beat the attention to detail of a handmade product like a holiday pie from Sugar Bee's.Finally, this is a small entrepreneur running a grass-roots business reminiscent of a European corner bakery. Yes, 5 stars is deserved, in my opinion. Anybody brave  enough to compete head to head with the noisy, generic supermarket chain should be encouraged and patronage assured.And the bottom line: this bakery reminds me of my hometown bakery from the Midwest and my adopted hometown bakery when I lived in Germany. If you want glitz and glamor, maybe you should go back to the supermarket. You want handcrafted, highest-quality, feel good greatness with 1-to-1 personal attention, this is your place.Service was amazing and the treats were even better. We did a dessert and wine party at our home and asked sugar bees for a variety of treats. They exceeded our expectations with a beautiful ((and tasty)) variety. I am a brownie kind of girl ((they are delicious at sugar bees btw)) but try the cranberry almond bars ...ah--maazing!! We are hooked. Thanks again!!This is a great neighborhood bakery! Tried their chocolate chip cookie and it was perfection! It's really big too... Enough for two to share. I've been on the hunt for an off the strip bakery that can make macarons and make them well. Sugar Bee's is it. Perfectly delicate cookie shells with tasty fillings! My fave was the strawberry lemonade macaron!Loved everything we tries today. The ham and cheese croissant was lovely the chocolate chip cookie was so chocolatey My daughter was in  heaven. I adores the strawberry tart My husband loved the cherry  almond CakeI received a box of pastries as a thank you from a client; and now I am hooked.  I had to stop myself from eating them all too fast and I cut some in half to share with my Sister who agreed with me that the brownie is the best we've ever had (and she's a baker, not professional, but an excellent baker).  I work nearby and I can see my waistline expanding already.  The apple tart was wonderful, the brownie was amazing - - the inside was liquid chocolate, and the pastries were flaky and wonderful.  I will be back next week.  You have a new client and her entire family too.I ordered a cake for my niece just days before the party. Sugar bee's is right around the corner from my home.  This place is worth

Cookies are big and soft. And ice cream flavored are unique. 

Best part open on Saturdays. We have three children more welling to make sure we'll checks aline together if allowed by time. 

All in all I waited this long to write this because I wanted the FULL experience. I'm so glad we bought the try me package. I'm very pleasantly surprised!!! They really know what they are doing here. Believe me, I'm picky!!! Lol :) 

Our waitress wasn't bad, but she wasn't amazing. She did her job and really there's nothing to complain about.I will definitely be back.After a horrible service at the Sugar Factory, we moved to BurGR and loved it.  It was definitely expensive, however the whole experience was top notch.  From the start we were very impressed with their wait system to be seated. They take your cell phone and will txt you when your table is ready.  We had very little of a wait, but it was a nice touch that we could go stand out and enjoy the fresh air on the strip while we waited.We had high expectations and although I'm not sure how, they surpassed them.  We eat out a lot and like simple food, so you could say my family are experts at burgers and fries.  We loved the food.  I heard several times from my wife and kids that the burgers were the best they've ever had.  My wife loved the Garlic Parmesan with truffle  sauce.  I had read about the sticky toffee pudding desert at another Ramsay restaurant so I ordered those for all of us and everyone loved them.  Their staff was a treat to be with also as they were friendly and top of things, including bringing refills before they were needed.BurGR is a top notch place, great service, nice friendly staff and excellent tasting food.  It's no wonder why Gordon Ramsay is so successful as he makes his places the best hands down.Such a big fan of this place!! We did come at lunch time, so it was an hour and 15 minute wait. As soon as we were seated, we had excellent service. I got my water right away and they were always around to refill it. When we ordered our food, I loved that our waiter said we could have our fries come out before our burgers did, which I was so happy about because I came hungry. We ordered the Parmesan truffle fries which I really liked and a side of Maui onion rings, which I also recommend trying. Both are unique and you won't be disappointed with your order. The portions are definitely big enough to share, so keep that in mind. I ordered the American burger, which I also really liked. Everything about it was really good, there isn't anything I would have changed. I definitely want to go back and try the desserts, since I was too full to try it this time around. The service was great and it was an awesome atmosphere. So happy with my experience and I can't wait to go back again.Wait time - We went to eat around 9 pm on a Friday night and it was about a 10 minute wait, although I overheard 45 minutes to 1.5 hours for larger parties.Hell's Kitchen Burger - I ordered my mom the Hell's Kitchen Burger which, according to their menu, has "asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, and an oven roasted tomato." We ordered the burger medium well and it came out perfectly medium well. That patty is thick, I mean really thick. We're not used to eating such thick burgers. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious and flavorful.Truffle Parmesan Fries - I really recommend ordering to share. Even though you might get a little greedy upon first bite, you'll have a food baby if you don't share it. This came with homemade ketchup and truffle aioli. My goodness this was the star of the show. Mom hoarded the aioli, but that's fine with me because she was hurting after ingesting too much fat later (hehheh). The fries came out hot and crispy and well-seasoned. It had a hint of truffle but not too much to overpower the flavor of potatoes and the ketchup went very well with it. The aioli was delicious as well, but I got a little overwhelmed dipping deep fried food into pure fat. The ketchup created a nice balance.Soba Noodle Chicken Salad - I ordered the Soba Noodle Chicken Salad which came with two skewers of chicken marinated in sriracha. The noodles are tossed in a cilantro honey peanut dressing. This is by no means a light dish, but I really couldn't stomach a burger. I didn't finish this and had a little bit of the burger and shared this with my mom. This is a cold salad but it was quite satisfying. I forgot how unhungry I was after having my first bite. I loved the texture of the noodles and the dressing was right down my alley. What could be better than food smothered in peanut butter? Well, it wasn't exactly peanut butter, but it was very peanutty. This dish has a sweetness to it and the spicy savory chicken skewers balanced everything out. The vegetables were crunchy and refreshing. My mom surprisingly fell in love with this dish. She's not too fond of ordering Asian-themed foods at non-Asian restaurants, but she finished all of her portion of the noodles and left behind some of the burger! That's a first for her.Service - All in all, this was a great burger experience. Service was efficient and fast. Food came out fresh, hot, and flavorful. We really wanted to try his famous shakes that is topped off with pudding, but we were just too full.Yeah, this chanterelle mushroom med-rare burger is in the top 3 burgers I've eaten in my lifetime.Best burger in town! I have been here numerous times and it never gets old.My boyfriend had the Hells Kitchen burger and I had the chantrelle burger added fontina cheese, truffle fries, sweet potato fries, Oreo shake and the sticky toffee pops. Everything was amazing and perfect! Wouldn't expect less for Gordon Ramsey...Wow, just wow! This place is amazing! Gordon Ramsay delivers with this restaurant. The whole experience was awesome, from the time you put your name on the wait list, order drinks, get your delicious food, and then leave satisfied! They have a cool wait list system. They take your phone number and text you when your table is ready. Very convenient! When we got seated we ordered our drinks. I got a Mike's hard black cherry lemonade and it was so dang good! My boyfriend got a "draught" (that's how the restaurant spells it) Redds Apple Ale that was also just as good!We ordered the farm burger and American burger both medium well. We also ordered sweet potato fries and regular fries. Wow it was all so good! My farm burger had duck bacon and and over medium egg on it. The duck bacon was so amazing! I have never even heard of duck bacon but I loved it! And the egg added amazing flavor too! My boyfriends american burger was great too! He loved the pickles. He said it had the best pickles he has ever tasted! The meat was cooked perfect as well. The sweet potato fries were bomb! I was in love with them. The regular fries were good because they came with a really good dipping sauce.We were so excited to try this place and it delivered! When I go back to Vegas it will be a go to place every time!Excellent hog and cod burger with fries. Blood Orange Cosmo was excelled and very cold. Great service and our waiter Michael was fantastic.I wasn't a burger person but came for the Gordon Ramsay hype. We had truffle Parmesan fries to begin with, the fries is ordinary but with the truffle aïole sauce it was really good. I got the hill's kitchen burger and it was the best burger I've ever had. The burger was not dry nor greasy. The hint of spiciness from the roasted jalapeño peppers made it so delicious. Brought the whole flavor to another level. I think Gordon is very good with the flavor and the texture of the foods he create. This burger joint was the most surprising meal for me in this trip. 

 I wouldn't recommend going at night because you get a lot of thugs and large crowds .. waiting you're probably get Prison Shank after 12 a.m. so be on guard and don't drop the hand sanitizer..WHAT!!!!!!! This was the best breakfast I have ever had. The biscuits and gravy are so unbelievably amazing. I was just passing through Charlotte on my way back to Florida and decided to grab a lil breakfast before heading out. Having no idea where to go, I just started walking down the st, when I came accross Redeye diner and let me tell you, this was the best breakfast I have ever had, and my wife agrees. You have to try the biscuits and gravy and french toast.GREAT food , service is a little slow but bare with it. 

 They also have a bunch of local art and artifacts on the walls.  I noticed that  the hotel bar, Andys (after Andy warhol and Andrew Carnegie) had some Andy warhol art  and the Dom Perignon  warhol inspired bottles as decor. We dropped by Andys later and there was a jazz band playing.(But thats a different review)

They have a small selection, but everything is amazing and freshly made: Panini's, salads, pizzas, pastas, and soups are their main fair with great desserts as well. You could blind pick anything they offer and be pleased with your choice.

I stopped in today solely for some fresh baklava and a cup of Arabic coffee and my mind is blown away. By far the best baklava I've ever had and as the owner assured me, the coffee is amazing!! 

In case you need some reminding, SPARE RIBS, AWESOME!The food- great

Just hanging there.

Church surface clean

We're excited to have a place for the entire family.I have been a patient of Dr. Green for 10 years. I absolutely recommend him to anyone. He is very popular doctor so I see him when I absolutely need to otherwise I am seen by his PA'S and they are great!! Everyone is nice, friendly, and caring in the office.Dr. Thomas is great. Over they years they have grown and become more busy but they have still been able to maintain their high service.Dr. Thomas is awesome. He is patient, and is very intelligent. Great place to do business with. Highly recommend.Dr. Green is an amazing and caring Dr. You can tell he genuinely cares about his patients. I have been seeing him since his residency when he moved to Mesa, I followed. Though I live very far from his office, I feel the drive to see him or any of his PA's is worth it.  My children are seen here as well and I can't recommend a better Dr., or Dr.s office.  All the PA's are caring and competent and the RN's are very helpful and listen.  They do not make you feel rushed.This office is heaven sent! I believe I saw heather and she was wonderful! I believe Natalie is in the billing office and she is great! They really know what they're doing. I had a wonderful experience with everyone there.I called PT Plumbing for a shower faucet problem.  They were very friendly on the phone, told me what the problem sounded like, told me the fee and gave me a small block of time he'd be there.  TJ showed up, calling first letting me know he was in route.  Very friendly, polite, and conscience about putting protective covers over his shoes to not track in dirt.  He explained the problem, price and had it fixed in about 20 minutes.  I would recommend this company to everyone.  It has restored my faith in the lack of good work/business ethics in Casa Grande.Called PT for an emergency on Saturday afternoon.  The plan was to replace a ball joint on the main water line, but to do it we had to shut off the well that services a total of four households.  Well we couldn't do it cause the water kept bubbling up.  We were getting desperate cause no emergency plumbers were answering their phones.  The plumber arrived timely and fixed it quickly and we are very thankful.  In addition, he didn't gouge us for tons of money in correlation to our desperation as I suspect many businesses would have. in return, they've earned loyalty and a customer for life.  When we call them back out for work on the well, our neighbor is going to use them too.  In case you're wondering, we aren't related to anyone at the business nor did we have any prior interaction with them. Hire them!Heather you are awesome, good luck in your new adventure :)Billie :)

 I have seen Terry and Sara and they are wonderful, and so much fun! I have been spray tanning for special occasions for years and they are one of the best! 

I would definitely recommend both groups to my friends and family.I LOVE improve! They have so much to for personal improvement and overall wellness. The staff is all extremely professional, friendly and clean. I feel comfort as soon as I walk through the door. I love following them on Facebook for healthy tips, recipes and education about my health. I highly recommend them to my family, friends and clients and will continue to be a loyal patron for years to come!I have been going here since March and saw that they could use a current review.  My reason for visiting Improve was that after a lifetime of yo yo and starvation diets, once and for all I wanted the "secret" formula of how to maintain weight loss, I could always drop the weight myself, but could only maintain it through starvation, not practical.  Loretta and both receptionists are attentive and truly take an interest in each patient's care, they take the time to listen to all concerns, and also return calls and texts promptly.  I have successfully lost the weight I wanted to and have been able to maintain it, I actually eat 3 times a day, with healthy snacks too, this is more than I have ever eaten and I am skinny!  I love all of the staff at Improve Wellness, they listen to and treat you like an individual, you will get a program tailored to you AND it works!My initial consultation was very eye opening! Loretta actually took time to discuss my lifestyle changes, evaluate my daily routines and gave me helpful advice. I thought I would never say this: but I am actually excited to start the program under her supervision because I am sure I will succeed! I also would like to mention the front office girls - greeting me with a smile and putting me at easy. I am highy recommending Improve!Amazing staff, very compassionate. Would definitely recommend family and friends.Loretta is amazing. She is thorough and caring. The staff is wonderful. If you are ready to make some life changes but not sure how to start this is the place. You will be more than happy with Improve WellnessLoretta and her staff, at Improve Wellness,  are knowledgable and they care. They always make themselves available. No matter what your goals or health concerns may be, this is a good place to work on them and be heard.  Their location is first class.  And their pricing is unmatchable I feel. Five stars for sureLoretta is thorough and knowledgeable! Very comfortable place and nice office.This place is AMAZING! Everyone is so knowledgeable and friendly that you feel like part of their family!  Loretta genuinely cares and takes the time to listen and get to the root of the problem. Very thorough and makes herself available day or evening if you need support. 

Food: 5/5 yummy!This place doesn't skimp.  You order juice and you get juice.  Not watered down.  Not iced down.  Pure, straight up, juice.  The prices are a value for what you get.  Great place for an after workout drink.Inta Juice is the best smoothie place I have been too. There smoothies are always AMAZING! If you get the chance to stop by there it is a MUST! Tom and Anita are awesome and I have been going there whenever I get a chance for at least 4 years now. They always have seasonal smoothies and all their smoothies are great! Forget Jamba juice, get over to INTA JUICE!I love this place. I come in here to get my veggies for the day. Usually get the extreme veggie! Staff always nice they even let me call and order in advance since I work far away. Super close to my house too.Very impressed. I usually go to Jamba Juice and Inta has more variety. I got the Make My Day and it was very good!We love this place. It is spotless and the fruits and veggies are always fresh. Cannot recommend enough!I have been coming to this place for years, love the refreshing and tasty smoothies. If you are looking for real fruit smoothies I definitely recommend this place.I love this place. Their smoothies are delicious and the owners are very friendly. I suggest the strawberry blast.Try the Tahiti Delight I promise you will not be disappointed. I know I should try other drinks well I did order the Just peach I believe but the Tahiti Delight is my favorite. Customer service is awesome. I will definitely frequent this place more often. My last visit was 2 months ago right before I had my daughter, so now that I'm back being out n about I will be back for my Tahiti Delight..Love love love inta juice! Been coming here for years! The owners are great and always working so hard!  Never had a bad drink. So many smoothies to choose from...  so much better than  Jamba juice!Just moved from California and were amazed by the price of the fresh juices and smoothies. We got a smoothie and acai bowl. Very clean, friendly, and quick.Great smoothie better than other smoothie shops. Try the "make my day" smoothie very filling a great one for meal replacement.  I would highly recommend this place.I've been coming here for over three years now. I will gladly drive the half hour one way trip it takes to get from my house to this place. I don't know how I would survive without them. Simple as that.The people are friendly and the smoothies are delicious. I also appreciate the amazing Yelp deal.When we first moved to AZ 6 years ago, I found this place after going to sams club, and I was hooked! My husband (boyfriend at the time) was even moor hooked. We ended up going everyday for months! Then we moved further away, and only was able to go when came into town. The old  owners were amazing, personal people! They pretty much watched my husband and I grow up! Since moving to FL, I think about Inta juice all the time, and will always continue searching for that perfect smoothie! Make sure you get a large sunshine passion for me!Great customer service . Creative & delicious menu. As soon as you enter your welcomed kindly and the smoothie makers fill you in on some delicious ideas and recommendations. Plus this place sells raw honey that you usually have to wait until the weekend to attend a farmers market. Super cute placeCute little smoothie place.  Clean and colorful.  I always see the same two girls when I go there, and they seem shy but are very nice.  It's always quiet and peaceful when I go there in the afternoon.  The smoothies are delicious...fresh, flavorful... and reasonably priced.  Not to knock that chain smoothie place that I shall not name here, but Inta Juice knocks them out of the box.  This is my new smoothie spot!I went to this place within days of hearing about it from an in-law who had just started working there and we just loved it--so much that I went back there with my brother when he came to town (he liked it too) and with my picky daughter who is, unlike her mother, hesitant to try new and exotic foods, and anybody else I could get to go there with me.  They even gave me the "family discount" without my even asking for one and let my relative take time to sit down and chat with us when she had a chance.  The owners treated us like we were THEIR family. And they brought over some unsolicited complimentary appetizers just so we could try more things!  My daughter loved the Anise Pho Beef Soup so much she got it both times.  My mother had the veggie crepe and it was more than she could eat.  In fact we had so many leftovers we made an entire meal out of them the next day!    I can't wait to return to Chandler and go to this place again.This is the best Vietnamese place I have been to and I have been to about 20 different places.  It is not bargain basement prices, so if you are the college kid looking for the $4.95 bowl of Pho this isn't it.  The food is definitely worth the extra couple dollars and the cleanliness and service is a HUGE step above most Vietnamese places.  I have tried a number of the other dishes and they are also good, but the soups are the bomb.   The chicken soup is a must when sinus problems or colds hit.The other thing I really like is how well they wrap up the soup if you get it to go.  It's still hot when you get home and it doesn't spill in the car.With this place, Shimogamo, C-Fu Gourmet and Curry House (and Lee Lee's supermarket) all on the same corner, this is pretty much the Asian food Mecca in Phoenix.I just got back from dinner w/ my mom and sister.  We took our time, sampling several items from the menu.  We loved this place.  5 stars on Yelp was our consensus.  Mom felt it was one of the better restaurant experiences she has had in some time.We started w/ an appetizer platter of spring and fresh rolls, and shrimp bruscetta.  After that we split a bowl of the Chicken, ginger and rice porridge.  YUM.  Next time I'm sick, I'm stopping in to get some for takeout.We ordered #23 (beef, shrimp vermicelli), #28 (lemongrass chicken)  and #39 (vegetable yellow curry) for our meals and could not pick a favorite.  They were all very good.For dessert, the owner recommended the banana pudding w/ tapioca. and coconut milk.  I will be getting this too the next time I'm sick to go w/ my chicken/ginger soup.We will definitely be back to try other items.  I got the pho ga to go for my daughter and she gave it a thumbs up.  The owner noted we did not really eat the rice that came with our dishes and told us next time we are in to ask for veggies on the side instead.The average dinner menu price seems to be $8-$9.I took the daughter and this time I tried the Pho Ga...it is yummy.  They give you a tray of condiments that you can add, I chose to add the spice paste/sauce to give it a little kick.  I have also made it back to get my take out of ginger and chicken when I was feeling a little under the weather...bought 2 orders and the hubbie got to try it and enjoyed it.This is one of my favorite places in Chandler and I try to get by here whenever I'm in town.  The people who run it are so nice and the atmosphere is very relaxed.  The prices are a little higher than other Vietnamese places I go but not prohibitive.  Everything I've had here over the past two years has been delicious. 

After years, Bayview will finally get full-service grocery store

With a wide array of options on their menu, Green has enough variety to please pretty much everyone, vegan or not.  After eating here at least twice a week for the last few months I've come close to sampling the entire menu, and there really isn't a bad thing that I can say about it.  The mock chicken and the phoney beef  used in Green's sammy's are alarmingly accurate in both flavor and texture.  The curry bowls are some of the best I've had, and the orecciette pasta with chicken  parmesan is worth killing for - which is saying a lot in vegan circles.

I think their prices are too low. It was a huge portion for $6.99.Service is awesome here. Small little place but curry is spot on almost as good as the curryhouses in hawaii and japan. Always order chicken katsu curry with a side of tonkatsu..plus you can ask for more rice if needed. Owner, Hide is a cool guy always talks to the customers when he gets a chance to get out of the kitchen.I was craving curry and I always drive by this place so I finally decided to go in! The girl behind the counter was so friendly! She helped me decide what to order so I got the chicken curry and wow I didn't expect it to be so good! I'm glad I tried this place of course I wish I got more chicken with my order but it was a good portion for the price! I'll be returning!Never have I visited a place so many times in a span of a year or so. I think this was my first time trying Japanese Curry, I was never a fan of Indian Curry so I was a little afraid to try another kind of curry, Boy was I not disappointed. I tried the "Tonkatsu" at first because they didn't have a chicken cutlet at that time, it was amazing, I expected the curry to smell strong or be really rough on the taste buds, instead, what I got was a smooth sauce with wonderful spices complimenting the meat and the rice. A couple weeks later, they introduced the "Chicken Cutlet" which is similar to Katsu. My life was over, my diet was over, and ever since then, between my girlfriend and I, we probably completed 3-4 sets of their loyalty stamp card. This is just with the food, the owner and their staff are so friendly. One of their staff members, I forgot her name, if you ever encounter her, she's the pretty lady with braces, she always talks to me, always provides me with excellent service even if it can get busy at certain times. The owner, who's name is Hide, is very fond of his customers, new and old, he will greet you, perhaps speak to you about his ideas for future food items, he gives you so many reasons to come back. New items, loyalty stamp cards, dessert, etc. I have recently tried a competitor of theirs, while they are both extremely tasty, the price point is a big difference. Oh Curry is cheaper and with bigger portions, I do hope it stays that way because they have such quality food !Went in to satisfy my curry craving. And the staff there was really nice to me. I got it to go and when I got home I couldn't believe how good it was. Once I finished I ended up wanting more because it was so good! Second time I went, I dined in and it was  a LOT! Almost felt like I was going into a food coma. I love the pork and the hottest curry they got. Its a great place and the food is super good definitely a must for all the curry lovers.Just as good as curry zen all the way in Chinatown, with the only exception being less sides on toppings on the menu.Great quality food for an affordable price.  I've been going there quite often for a year now.  They're food is delicious.  You can smell it once you open the door.  Their green tea ice-cream is worth the buy.  The store is very clean and hospitable. I will definitely continue going there.Well this place is a hidden gem, awesome and D Lish!! That salad dressing is the bomb, but the Curry is bomb bay and everything is delicious!! Boy it hit the spot!! Can wait for the next visit, which will be soon! Enjoy and check it out!!This was a wonderful little hidden gem! The staff and owner are very friendly and although the menu is simple, it isn't lacking. I had the chicken and my pruner had the pork with a mild heat. It was delicious! Thank you so much for a wonderful first try of curry. We will definitely be brining in our friends. :)I've been meaning to write a review for this place. 

It's located in a plaza so lots of parking available.This place is fantastic! I recommend it to anyone who wants to eat something that is not inside the norm. 

Luv this place!Great friendly staff that always remember a returning guest.  The food is always more than satisfying and never a let down.  The Yaki Onigiri is a must have and one of my many favorites.I love this restaurant, awesome food!! I just found out they have Japanese server, I like to talk to them!! It's my first time use Japanese in Las Vegas, it's very nice night!!Ate here long long time ago, and did not visit again till recently, and wanna to go back so bad afterwards. Very impressed by the soft tofu dish they freshly make every hour, pork belly skewer was so good, and also salmon rice bowl. Did not realy like the rice oniegri. But, overall, everything else we had was very good!I had such a wonderful experience! The food was good delicious and at such great prices! Must trys are the jalapeños topped hamachi, seared mackerel, salmon belly and the tofu mousse. If you don't like the texture of raw foods, do not get the fish items! Tofu mousse was light and the sorbet on top complimented the less flavorful tofu! The cocktails are on the lighter end but tasty. I recommend the fuzzy navel or the peach oolong drink. 

  

banana cake: this cake is a little more dry than their carrot cake, but otherwise since i am not as fond of banana flavoured things that are not bananas, my opinion of this dish is pretty heavily biased.

+ Is it just me or is the air around the hotel cleaner? Not a whole lot of smoke, that's for sure. 

Emperor's Buffet (Imperial Place) - This buffet sucked!!.... just my opinion.. :p7 great buffets, one stylish wrist band equals one hell of a food coma!! choose wisely... **- "Seafood Village buffet" an additional charge $15 to eat there.. just saying..We tried B of B 2x when we went to vegas on separate ocassions.  It is really worth the money ( 50 bucks for 24 hour buffet of your choice)  if you try at least the top 3 buffet of the bunch:1. Carnival Buffet in Rio --its my favorite which has the widest range selection of food. I particularly like their clams, mussels, prime rib, shrimps, salmon, mexican, chinese, italian, and all kinds of desserts! did i mention their gelato is good?2. Spice Market Buffet of Planet Hollywood--has the best quality of food, with special mention of pre-cut crab legs (saves a lot of hassle of cracking it open), lamb kabobs, roast beef, ham. hmmm.. creme brulee anyone?! 3. Le Village Buffet of Paris -- their sunday brunch is not to be missed. smoked salmon, quiche, french toast, eggs benedict, bottomless mimosa. stand-out is their crepe station where you can order crepes and waffles with your favorite fruit filling. bon appetit!What a deal!  24 hours of buffets for only $45 (with Total Rewards membership, which is free).How it works: 

I love how everyone dresses super crazy like they DGAF, TONS of naked girls there basically 99% naked. I am so glad that this year they will be enforcing an 18 + up policy, because 2010 had way too many underage kids ( doing things that they should not be doing )....I can not wait till this year, but I'm not sure how I am going to survive 3 days of craziness, especially in Vegas.EDC.. Electric Daisy Carnival.. the best and most exhilarating rave of MY time??? in my opinion, it's one of my favorite raves. My favorite DJs and the theme of the flowers (I have an obsession with flowers..), the location (it WAS held at the LA Colosseum for many years until recently, ahem) being outdoors in a wide and open area.. you have to actually attend to know the feeling but I've been to EDC twice (2009 & 2010) and both times had to be the best times of my life.There's just something about EDC that makes it stand out from the rest. Yes, it's outdoors and consists of some of the best DJs and maybe it's the weather but I'm seriously not sure how to explain this 5 star feeling in words but take my advice, go to EDC and you be the judge.Important tip: Don't overdose on drugs and ruin it for the rest of us.Sincerely, a girl who's never popped and has attended many raves strictly because I love the music. After all, isn't that what these raves are about? The music?Was fun while it lasted. But Vegas is where its at now!What can i say about EDC.... This is definitely something to experience. Its out of this world AMAZING. one of the things i love most about Raves is the fact that you can act anyway, dress anyway be a complete weirdo and instead of getting weird looks people join along! Its amazing to act truly urself and be accepted. Theres no judgement. Insomniac puts on the best events possible and they really go above and beyond. This shall be my second year in vegas and 3rd year overall . And I CANNOT WAIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The music, the people, the rides, THE MUSIC!!!! Ugh i cant even put it into words. JUST GO!Meeting up with Kerry Simon for lunch at the newest Harrah's / Kerry Simon venture was a fun experience through culinary comfort food delights. The popcorn shrimp are not too spicy, perfectly breaded & the buffalo chicken rolls with sauce are a good way to start off any meal. The burgers are what the chef & restaurant is known for. Simon adds bits of bacon to the meat mix to ensure that the patties come out moist after cooking. I had the Thanksgiving Turkey Burger which had stuffing, cranberries & a properly cooked turkey patty. The trio of shakes are the best way to experience what you like & then order the larger one on a return visit.Great burgers. I have gone there twice in a week. The wait staff are beautiful and friendly.We had a b1g1 coupon from our hotel, which is the only reason we could afford the $14/burger price tag.BEST BURGERS EVER.

Super low key and you can't beat Christmas lights year round at this bar. A Hidden gem!Dress code:  anything goes people there don't give a shitSaturday afternoon was my first time here...but not my last!When we walked in there was a rambunctious group of OLD LADIES talking about the importance of a good support bra while taking pictures of their chests! I couldn't agree more!!I can not comment on the price of the drinks since we sent the guys to open a tab, but I can comment on the heavy hand that poured my drinks. Kudos to you!!My only regret is not having came here sooner to experience Christmas at the Swizzle.A mainstay in Phoenix!  The Swizz is one of the best little bars in town, especially after couple of cocktails!  The owners are great people, and the staff is wonderful.The magic of Christmas is over, but the magic of the Swizzle is not!   My little neighborhood watering hole is always a good time and the bartenders make you feel at home.  Always highly recommended.Love the Swizz!  Reminds me of back home in the Midwest.  Good times and great spot to mingle and meet new people!Excellent little divey bar set in a strip mall on a 16th and Bethany home.  Cool decor, super casual, friendly barstaff, and reasonable prices. It's apparently been there a long time, and seems brilliant.Love this bar!  It is a neighborhood bar, and I'm moving so I'm very dissapointed about this.  Aside from that, it's chill, people are welcoming, and drinks are great.  Can't ask for more.Fun place with nice bartenders. The owners often treat everyone to free food. The Christmas decor is fantastic. BUT ..... now Bob won't be there anymore due to a terrible tragedy. SO very sad. God bless you Beth. Praying for youLove this place!Thanksgiving here was the bomb. Coming here was the best thing I did in my visit to this place. Everyone is friendly here even the owner was there having a few drinks with the people. They were even gracious to have a potluck going on that day as well. When I move here this will be my spot that I will be hanging out at. Those stool will have my name all on them.My ALL TIME FAVORITE neighborhood tavern and the best neighborhood spot in the Central Corridor/Uptown Phoenix! It's where all the cool people, everybody that's anybody goes because they know they'll find good company, great, low-priced drinks,  great homemade food and the cleanest, best smelling bathrooms this side of the Mississippi!!! (Rated Number 1 in Phx New Times year after year!) The "Swizz" is special, not just because it's a family owned business where you're treated like family no matter how long you've been away; but also because they are constantly and continuously finding ways to give back to the community either via golf tournaments, water donation drives and/or feeding those less fortunate. It's ALWAYS about others. How many businesses can you say that about??? There are nights of trivia contests, and all the big sporting events have some kind of "pool" going to win cash and/or prizes. Never dull, and someone always has a nice word to say or nice smile to share. Can't top that.Lynn is the reason I continue to come back!! She is personable, fun, and dedicated. Great hire! She makes me feel like I'm at "home"!Always a great place to catch up and chill. It's loud and small and dirty and fun! The 2 bartenders work hard for that paper and do a great job making their heads move and catch the eye of the next patron! 

They were on time (actually early), did not up-sale me for extras (pet stain removal) that I have had other companies charge and they really did a GREAT JOB.  I will use them again and refer them to everyone I know.  GOOD PRICE AND GREAT SERVICE!!!!Brian is amazing. We had our red sectional couch and two area rugs that needed a deep clean about a year ago. He did a fantastic job! Quick and thorough and we kept his business card for future needs. We had him come back again this week to help us with a move out clean. He was honest, dependable, and quick to respond.Brian is very punctual, professional , and kind. He helped me with figuring out our pre-lit  Christmas tree , putting out Christmas yard decor and fixing a chipped tile . Next, I'm having him build some upper cabinets in our laundry room !  I would highly recommend him for your home repair needs !I had sent emails to other handyman companies on this website, and the only one who bothered to write back was Brian.  I am a new homeowner, and my "new" house has a lot of work that needs done.  I'm also a busy single mom who has neither the time or experience to fix all of the issues myself.

Inexpensive, clean, no B.S.and plenty of fit people and pretty women to keep you motivated!I've been a member now for 2 years and plan on re-uping in January.  I should have written a review before, but I thought Yelp was for restaurants only.This gym can accomodate anyone from a serious body builder to a newbie (which is me).  Lots of free weights and machines.  There is a sprint track for pushing sleds, lifting tractor tires and lunges.  They have different classes from boot camps to Body Combats.  They have full locker rooms with showers.  Or if you like there is a key rack and cubbies.Best of all, their motto, "YOUR CALORIE BURNING, WEIGHT LIFTING, RESULTS GETTING, GYM!" is absolutely true.  There is no BS!  You go in, workout and leave.  There is really nothing else to do there except workout.But if you want help or have questions there are always people (trainers and staff) that want to assist you.The best part is that it is a gym and not a "pick up spot".5 starsI like not waiting for weights or equipment, I like being able to look at myself in the mirror, and I like being able to call for a spot while I'm in the middle of a PR to make sure I don't have to bail a lift.Perks of this gym:     * Space: Traffic to the gym is relatively light, even at rush hour. And even when it's crowded, it's never bad enough where you're bumping up into other bros. Oh, and if you have a problem with bros at the gym--or any hilarious gym stereotype--get over it. Unless you're doing curls in the squat rack you're fine #goingturbro     * Diversity of Equipment: I've leaving this at five stars in spite of this gym lacking a true running track. I can't stand treadmills because you can't control your speed with only your legs, and that just isn't natural. Seriously, this kind of thing could save your life. If Independence were a man I'd slap him in the face for all the treadmills he owned, but as friends, because the running track in the back of the gym is enough for me. Running is the bane of my existence, and any more than a mile is likely preceded by a puff on the old inhaler, since most of my long distance running is outside and I happen to be allergic to palo verde. Having a short distance track for sprinting, skipping, spinning, and rolling is a must.     * Lifting, bro: There are two deadlift areas with powercages, and two additional squat racks. There are four barbell bench press stations, and one each of incline and decline. Then, there are a number of incline, decline and flat benches across the main free weight area, which is lined with a good number of dumbbells, up to 200+ pounds.     * Other stuff: Independence has everything from heavy bags and foam rollers to yoga mats and plyo boxes, hell they even have bosu balls, if you're into that kind of thing. I'm not aware of the class schedule (yoga, posing, some group fitness classes), but that's what their website is for. I think it's actually out-of-date; you get what you get. The men's bathrooms are decently equipped and maintained, and although the number of lockers is far fewer than what you'd expect at a bigger gym, there are always empty ones.I'll keep going to Independence for as long as I live in the area. Despite my glowing review, I urge everyone to consider other gyms. I don't need a bunch of Yelpers crowding up my grunting space. Dost thou even hoist?Worked out here twice while in Phoenix last week.I have NEVER been to a gym with more focused and hardworking members and it was the first time I have EVER been in a gym where more people were training their LOWER body than their upper body!!!As an college athlete, I found this gym to be set up perfectly for getting the most bang for my buck out of my workout, and even though there were lots of people training, I never felt crowded or slowed down. I got more done in 45 minutes than I usually get done in an 1 1/2 hours.Also, if you are someone who uses trainers, I would recommend checking this place out. The trainers actually knew what they were doing and their clients were clearly getting outstanding workouts. For once I could work out without wincing at the harmful and/or useless exercises that I'm used to seeing trainers prescribe their clients!I received a free two day pass to Independence and after the first day I quit LA Fitness and signed up here. This is a serious gym for people trying to improve themselves. Good place to put your headphones in and just lift!Out Standing Gym - has some great trainers there too.  Randy Mae knows hot to get results - recommend him to all whom needs a trainer.

 - TALENTED in proper color and technique: even, gorgeous bronze tan

It turns out my back tire was fine. No hole and they got the nail out of my tire. ( Turns out, the nail hadn't punctured my tire yet). 

I've eaten here a couple times. Very friendly staff and great food.I ordered delivery through EAT24. Easy & fast ordering app. I ordered the tofu yellow curry & thai tea. It came within 25 minutes. Food was great. It's nice to have somewhat a decent neighborhood thai place! Delivery driver was also nice & friendly!! Will order again. Thank you :)This is my favorite Thai restaurant. I love their chicken fried rice. Me and my family have been coming here for the last 5 - 7 years. The owner always greets us and make us feel like we're at home.Really good Thai food especially for the price, remember when you see those 3-4 star reviews to check that person's history. Food snobs are hilarious with the stuff they nitpick about. For $8 the chicken pad thai is awesome, that's the same price as McDonalds for REAL fresh cooked food. The staff is also awesome I've been there several times and they seem like a very nice family. I cook Thai food at home and eat it a lot and this place is a great go to for a quick lunch or an easy dinner.This place is seriously a hidden gem. Duck and squid are delicious and pad Thai of course. I just wish they had a beer license for some SinghaIncredible lunch special. Terrific food, great service. Come eat here. I like spicy so I made mine a 7 and it was just rightChicken Panang is always hot & fresh! Excellent sauce with great balance of spice & coconutI've ordered from here quite a few times. The prices are very good for the amount of food that they will stuff in each box. The food always tastes great with one time being an exception. The delivery is usually very quick.This is the best asian food place I have tried in Las Vegas. I'm a 28 year resident in the Las Vegas area and have seen many places come and go. Their shrimp fried rice is especially delicious. Love, love, love this place and it's super friendly staff.Tried ordering on eat24 and it would not take my order because I was 5.5 miles away. I called the restaurant to check if they would make an exception and they said they would. I was quoted a 45 min delivery time and they showed up in less than 30 mins! I was impressed. They gave me complimentary egg rolls which were a bit cold but they were good. Ordered the pad Thai with shrimp and the chicken panang both mild spicy level. Let me tell you they were perfectly spiced! Food arrived hot and delicious. They even brought me ice for my can soda! They have a new customer for sure !They always remember me and my boyfriend and the the owner always makes it to our table to welcome us back and have a sort conversation.  Food is always consistent and delicious.It was a rainy Friday night in April... After what felt like the longest and roughest week ever... We decided to stay in, order off the app, and watch tv. After scrolling through dozens of different restaurants... We came across this places... And decided to give it a try. I can't really rate the service, but when I did call to confirm the order... The lady on the phone was nice and specific with the instructions we input on the modifications. Huge plus, because they paid attention. The food came in about 30 min which was awesome! The driver was super nice... And the food came packed tightly and was presentable. Remember to Take care of the driver! We ordered the Panang curry... Veggies only... Prepared vegan (no fish sauce). It came just as we ordered... (Spicy and full of veggies). We ordered the yellow curry fried rice no egg no butter... Again... Came just as we ordered. The order also came with complimentary egg rolls... So don't order them unless you want extra. We did on accident ( for my friend, they aren't vegan) and wound up with a ton of left overs... Which wasn't necessarily a bad thing at all! I would definitely recommend this place for take out or delivery. I haven't been inside so I can't really speak for dining in. We will definitely be ordering from them!Pineapple Fried Rice

- Sushi was not particularly good. I'm very picky about my sashimi fish.  They had a very limited range of fish, and nothing was served just as sashimi.  I recall Bellagio buffet as being superior in terms of raw fish.

Dessert bar also widely impressive. Gelato options. Cupcakes. Cake pops. Endless. Simply endless. This is the kind of spot I just wanna be super gluttonous, and sit it out so I could have one meal to another. They offer crab legs only for dinner service. Warning: they are pre-cut in half. Vegas is the mecca for buffets, in my mind, and this is my current gold standard (I still have yet to try Wicked, so that may change on a return trip.)Be warned. There can easily be a line. So try and go during an odd hour. Late lunch is preferable, since they start putting out them crab legs at 3. Otherwise, get in line for dinner and be prepared to wait for a bit.To me this place is like heaven on earth! Amazing variety. My favorites are the pork belly with carrot purée, the seafood, gelato, creme brûlée...everything I had was really good quality. Our waitress was sweet...perfect evening!The best buffet  ever !!!  They have sooooo much variety to pick and try ( seafood, Italian , American, Chinese, Mexican, ice cream bar, desserts , fresh fruits, sushi, alcohol bar, soups, salad bar,etc...)   But yeah the waiting line is long so you better be there early.   But I don't mind coming here everyday :DMy favorite buffet in all of Vegas for dinner. 

Very nice lobby with the fire place as a central focus.We have stayed at the Waterloo Delta twice now. We travel a lot and find very few places that have a staff with as good an attitude as the staff at this hotel. The hotel itself is new, has a very nice bar/ restaurant and is very accommodating but the staff is what makes the real difference.Outstanding hotel!  Excellent customer service; modern and stylish interior; clean.  The restaurant and bar are pricey, but convenient.  Food is great, as is the service.  I would highly recommend this hotel!The facility is very clean and gives off a new and fresh vibe. The staff were very courteous. The pool is nice and the gym isn't bad for a hotel gym. They even have some free weights. I would like it more if they had a chin up bar, but for the average gym goer it's sufficient. The parking is easy and the bar is good too. Overall, a very good Delta! There's also free wifi without a password, USB chargers, and very clean bathrooms. Ventilation is good and the carpets are clean.Despite a misunderstanding while making reservations and being provided with incomplete information on the amount of safety deposit needed, our stay was amazing. We got a deluxe king room on the 9th floor with a pretty view, and everything was perfect. The bathroom was spacious and clean, provided with so many towels and a bath robe. The room itself had a huge clean bed, many pillows, and a full TV set with a desk and a charming electricity station for all appliances and electronics. We also got two chairs and a small table by the window. All in all it was a great room for about $150 + tax & refundable security deposit. Will definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to spend a night or two in Waterloo while being close to everything (there's Phil's bar and a Cora's nearby). Checkout time is at 11 AM, so be sure to wake up early despite any hangovers!Oh and the pool was so clean and nice!! Take advantage of that!Went there on grand opening day at 6:00 pm and was busy as can be and it only got worst by 6:30 pm with the parking lot and drive thru in gridlock. Chicken stripes as fresh as can be. We shared the Caniac Combo, substituted the slaw and got extra french fries. The chicken is always consistent, fresh white meat. I am a dark meat person would love for Raising Canes to offer dark chicken meat sometime in the future,  but their white meat is juicy and not dry.The biggest tip is you have to get their lemonade which is awesome! The strangest tip would be if you are an ice chewer,  they have the best ice with their drinks. The ice is perfect for chewing since it is soft and will not break all your teeth.The service is quick and the people are very helpful and make you feel welcome. Glad this location opened up by our house and will be coming here many more times.I only ordered the chicken. It was excellent, juicy without a hint of oiliness or greasiness, crispy outside, tender inside without being "mushy."  Sauces and fries lend themselves more to personal tastes, so even though I sneaked some off my wife's plate, I won't comment on them but I believe pretty much anyone who had the chicken I had would give it the highest marks. You order at the counter and they bring it to your table. Price was $1.09 per piece and in my opinion worth it.3 fingers combo with Texas toast- hot off the fryer and tasted great

I needed some exterior electrical changes made to my patio floodlights and an additional outdoor outlet installed.

Quality: Better than most places in Pittsburgh. I've been here twice now, and both times have been more than satisfactory experiences. What to expect: Enter in through a long driveway, which leads to a pay station. You can select what type of wash and you can pay by cash or card. After paying, you drive up to the actual car wash which at that point, you'll see workers there who will hose your car down with a powerful spray of some kind of soap water. You will be asked to park during this time for safety reasons. At this point, you will be motioned to pull up and shift your gear into neutral. The machine will pull you in and then you get to enjoy the view and relax. At the end, don't panic! There is a light that will indicate when you shift your car into drive (yellow for relax and green for drive) and then you can drive out to the vacuum stations or go home. It is important to realize that you are only paying for the wash itself. Everything else is self service, so if you don't like miniature water drop stains, bring your own towel to dry things off. The vacuum stations accept $1, $5, and $10 bills. There are no change machines, so make sure you bring the appropriate amount for what you need or want. $1 is equivalent to 1 token. 1 token equates to 4 minutes but beware! As soon as you slip the token in, the vacuum starts up immediately. I pay about $10-$14 per wash, depending on what I want. It's a great place for a quick and easy wash.I am completely satisfied with the quality of this car wash. It's fast, convenient, and reasonably priced. The staff are also very helpful and pleasant. I'll be taking my car here again the next time it needs washed.Best and only indo asian food. great price and nicely decorated. definitely will go back and recommend to others.I have been coming here for about nine years and have to say I won't trust anyone else with my clothing.  They are efficient and always willing to help with any special requests.  I do miss some of the previous employees however the newer persons are just as nice. Great prices and better service!LG's Barber Shop is the real deal. LG's used to be Gracida's on Baseline.It is a classic Barber shop with great prices and the best shave in town.I showed them a picture of what I wanted and the barber imitated it well. I am satisfied with my cut and will be coming back. Ask for Lee, he took his time and did a good job.Just wanted to take a moment to express satisfaction with Rebellious Addiction Tattoo Studios. Everybody there had a great attitude, it was fun and friendly and I am more than happy with my new tattoo work. Shay did nice renderings for my concept and awesome work finishing it up on my arm. My gratitude to everyone there for making the business what it is!I loved my experience here. I went to their Friday the 13th special, every piercing was 13 dollars. I ended up getting 5 and my friend got one. We bought some H2Ocean so between that, 6 piercings and a tip I think we spent 90-95 dollars. It was awesome. The staff was super friendly and helpful and I actually learned a lot that day. When we went back to get the piercings done we got to pick out the type of jewelry and they had a pretty good selection. My friend got her septum pierced and was happy but wished they had a better ring. The piercer used some kind of ink with a dropper to mark where he was going to pierce, most places use a marker that is re-used (EW!). He marked where he was gonna pierce and let us look to see if it was where we wanted it, and then he had us lay down, because every time you get a piercing your blood sugar instantly drops. We got to watch him open up the brand new needles and jewelry, completely sanitary. I got my Industrial done first, which turned out great. I then got 2nd holes on my lobes which they also do with a needle, not a gun. Those also are good. I then got my belly button pierced which turned out slightly crooked, but I have heard that it is hard to get those straight.

    I think the thing that hooked my hubby and I was the first time we were ever there, "Tim" our bartender leaned over the bar, shook our hands, asked us our names, told us his and treated us like family.

That night, I had the most restful nights sleep I've had in a long time.

The Food Is amazing. ...we bring friends from all over who come to visit and we always go here and they are always satisfied and raving about the restaurant. The staff...from the bus Boys all the way to Juan, the owner.....are extraordinary!  Ask for Hernan....best waiter around!!

+potstickers are a classic and super crispy

third: the food was spectacular. i don't usually get appetizers but the ones we got were fantastic. stuffed mushrooms and mashed potato bites. the salad that came with the meal was plenty big, and it came with the meal, no if you want a salad its an extra 3 bucks like most places do now days. the portion sizes were good size and every thing tasted fantastic, not one complaint from a table of 5. i got the fish and chips and unlike most fish and chips where its all batter and no fish this was big chunks of fish lightly battered and tons of fries. 

Property in Henderson, NVI was working with another realtor when a friend referred me to Allison. I spoke with her and knew that she was the type of person that I needed. My mom and I were looking for an investment property. We were first time investors and totally clueless. Allison was there for us every step of the way. With all her experience, and patience, she provided us with great advice, resources and referrals. Although she has other clients, we always felt important because she was attentive and prompt and available, and easy to get along with. She went the extra mile for us, I feel that she is invaluable!I recently had my house in Las Vegas sold by Allison and I must say that besides being a very personable person I was impressed with her knowledge and professionalism. Being a real estate agent myself but from California I would not hesitate to recommend her.Allison is freaking awesome.  Need I say more?Well since this is yelp.....YES!! LOL  :DI bought my house about 2 years ago and before that I think I spent about 3 years looking for a house with 2 other realtors.  And until I met Allison I seriously thought that I just had bad luck when it came to houses. After Allison, I realized that I just had not met RIGHT realtor.  :)Yes it was first house purchase and Allison was able to answer all my questions and break it down into something that I could understand.  :) And since this was the biggest purchase of my life let me assure you....I asked questions like they were going out of style.  Lol :) The cool thing?  She kept up with all my questions without blinking an eye.  Lol  She was so knowledgeable that nothing went wrong with my house purchase.  She knew what she was doing and yet never made it seem complicated.  I hear stories from other friends that have bought houses and they said it was a headache BUT for me with Allison...it was a breeze.  :)I know that IF in the future I need to sell or buy a house Allison will be my number one choice. And if any of my friends are looking for a house I'll be recommending Allison as well. :)We needed a home in Henderson on an extremely tight timeline. We were having trouble getting help from other local realtors. But Allison rose to the challenge! We were able to move 1725 miles into our new home within a couple weeks.We love it! Thanks so much Allison!Just received my first house key this morning and I have to say THANK YOU Allison! You're always looking out for client's myself's best interested! Allison is always on top of your priority that you know you will be in a good hand!!! I am so happy that I have you as my agent!!!Allison is awesome! She made herself more than available to show me all the houses I wanted to see. Unlike other agents I worked with, Allison was very interested in finding me a house. She actively sent me new homes on the market and she was always looking out for my best interest. I HIGHLY recommend Allison!I've been meaning to write this review for a while but I was too busy moving into the beautiful new house that Allison helped us find!  We are renting, and I thought that we would only use a real estate agent if we were going to buy a house, but a friend recommended I give Allison a call and I am so glad I did!Allison listened to what we wanted and combed for places that would meet all of our criteria.  This saved us so much time and she found places we probably wouldn't have found ourselves.  She understood our price range, the space we wanted, what we wanted from a neighborhood etc.  Her understanding of Las Vegas and the different areas was a real asset.  Allison leveraged her relationships with other people in the real estate world to help us get approved and our lease signed amazingly fast.  I think that her help made this process much less stressful, confusing, and lengthy than it might otherwise have been. When we're ready to buy a house, I'll definitely be calling Allison again!From start to finish, Allison helped make buying a house easy and stress free. Can't say enough about her professionalism, knowledge of market, and overall care for her customers.I recently retired in NJ and my wife and I were looking to move to Henderson. We needed an agent from the area and we found Allison on Yelp. Her reviews just stood out so much that we decided to take a shot and send her an email introducing ourselves and the kind of house we were looking for. To our delight, Allison actually CALLED us the very next day and we spoke several minutes about our move and she proceeded to start sending us houses for sale in the area and our price range. We got an immediate good vibe about Allison. She was very knowledgeable about the area, the market, and dealing with out of state clients looking to move to the Las Vegas area. She works with Universal Realty, which is one of the biggest and best brokers in the area. I always say there are givers and there are takers, and Allison gave us more than we could have asked or hoped for in an agent. She was the only one we had called and worked with and it couldn't have turned out better. When we found a house that was on the market for only a day, Allison quickly offered to go to the house and show it to us in real time via FaceTime. We put in an offer and with Allison's help it was accepted. We flew out the next week for the home inspection(Allison gave us three inspectors to choose from) and she was more than generous to drive us around the areas of Henderson. She has a wealth of knowledge and contacts that she shared with us to help us with upcoming projects. She was in constant contact with our mortgage lender, the sellers, and our closing attorney for our house in NJ, and kept us informed every step of the way from start to finish. She delivered all the HOA handbooks and explained the closing process since it was a bit different from NJ. She was with us at the closing and walked us through the entire process, including getting the sellers to move the closing date up for us so we would spend less time in a hotel. We got the keys sooner than we expected, not to mention her very thoughtful gift to help us celebrate our new home. Having Allison as our agent felt like having your best friend or favorite relative looking out for your best interests at the time you are making such a major purchase and life change. You're in good hands with Allison!! Thanks again !Allison Jung is the best.  She wasn't pushy, anxious to make a sale.  She listened to what we were looking for and didn't waste our time sending us to see homes we weren't interested in but catered to what we wanted.  She offered good advice, gave good references, and worked hard for us.  I was given her name from a friend and I would also recommend her for any one who is interested.I found Allison on zillow.com. I needed an agent to lease my rental house because I am out of town. She is knowledgeable and friendly. She priced it well, and informed me what are needed to fix on the property to get it ready for rent. The whole process went smoothly and successfully. I am very satisfied with her work. You will be, too.We are investors and we've worked through a few real estate agents in Las Vegas/Henderson areas. We're sticking with Allison, and I recommend her without reservation. We have worked with Allison to both buy property and rent property. She's the only one we've found that is proactive in the true sense of the word. She seems to be able to anticipate the things we need, and the documentation we want, yet she never oversteps her boundaries or makes decisions for us. We just rented another property with her, and at one point she sent me a status on something and before I could send her an email asking for further documentation, there was already another email in my Inbox with the about-to-be-requested info! That's pretty cool. She understands client needs and Allison is also highly experienced in the Las Vegas/Henderson areas. She is a great resource of knowledge and insight, and really knows her business. In summary, I simply have nothing negative to say about Allison - only superlatives - and there aren't many folks I can say that about. If you are in the market for an agent, you need look no further than Allison! She rocks!I'm happy to confirm that the excellent reviews of Allison as a real estate agent are very accurate and so well-deserved!  I contacted Allison in late Dec. 2015/early Jan. 2016 to start looking for a single-family home.  Allison was wonderful throughout the entire process of searching and finally buying my dream home!  It really makes a difference in that she's so easygoing and fun to be around, as others have already mentioned.  She will listen carefully and I can honestly say that she has an infinite amount of patience.  We looked at close to 50 homes over 2.5 months, and she was delightful throughout it all.   What I love best about Allison is that she is so experienced and loves what she does, which shows in the support that she provides to each person.  Every day and week during the home search, she would keep me apprised of what was happening to homes that were on the list to look at or to consider.  This was very important to me, because the housing market has been very roller-coaster crazy and more competitive than I expected at the start of 2016.  I'm so grateful to and pleased with Allison for her efforts on my house hunt, and without hesitation, I would contact her again for all my home buying and selling needs.  Allison, you are the best!Being a first time home buyer, I wasn't sure what to expect throughout this entire home buying experience. This, coupled with the fact that I was based out of state, made me very nervous as to how things would go. Allison was very helpful throughout these last few months explaining step by step the home-buying process. What stood out the most to me was how responsive she was to all of my phone calls, texts, and emails. She was always very quick when I had any questions or concerns and would always get back to me in a timely manner.  I spoke with many other realtors before deciding on Allison and was not disappointed.I always felt she had my best interest at heart. She recommended that I back out of a purchase contract when the inspection report came back poorly. We continued our search for the perfect property and we were able to find one shortly thereafter. I would highly recommend using Allison as your realtor and am very happy with how smoothly everything went! Thanks Allison!When we were ready to return to California, we needed advice regarding renting out or selling our Las Vegas home.  We searched YELP for a reliable agent.  We were not disappointed when we found Allison.  In our first meeting with her, Allison was friendly, with a good sense of humor, and a person we could easily relate to.  She took her time to get to know us, our needs and our wishes.  She outlined what she would do for us, including how she would showcase our home, but was frank regarding the housing market and managing our expectations.  By the end of the first meeting, it was clear to us that Allison had listened empathetically to our concerns.  Throughout the process of selling our home, Allison consistently communicated with us, always patient in answering our many questions.  When she did not have the answers, she researched the issue and got back to us in a timely manner.  She kept us informed on what was happening with the sale; she was encouraging during those times when there was no news.  Allison was excellent about explaining next steps in the sales process.  Since we had returned to California by the time the house was on the market, we relied on Allison to take care of issues that arose at the house such as checking lights had been turned off, finding a handy man to fix a leaky faucet or to repair a broken light fixture, and being present at the house when the alarm company needed to update the system.  Allison went out of her way to make sure our concerns were addressed and was responsive to our needs. We were very happy that we worked with Allison.  The home-selling process was quite stressful, but having Allison take care of us helped make the process more bearable.  Thank you, Allison!I'm a sucker for Starbucks. I am one of those people who will gladly pay $12 for one coffee if it tastes like heaven. And at Starbucks, I'm never disappointed!I am a sucker for Starbucks so thats why I give them 5 stars. This location has by far the best service and staff ever. Fast service and they are very friendly.

Thank you cards

Yes, it is cash only. No, they don't have a phone. Yes, you can get takeout. Just show up and order. Dishes are made fresh and only take about 5 minutes to prepare. Our server told us that cash only and no phone were meant to keep costs down, especially important in such a high rent area. Overall, I definitely recommend visiting. I didn't care for the last two Thai places in this location, mostly due to the mediocre food and high cost (much more so than noodlehead). Noodlehead's opening was a pleasant surprise, and I can't wait to visit again.I will be back to this place again...

Beef Keemah

You're right.  It's just not what we were expecting but that's no reason to knock you. I put it to five stars because it was really a place I could drink all night. Btw, the tacos you served at the taco festival were ridiculous good.Love what the Plato's have done with the place. Jeremy the bar tender was very knowledgeable about the different types of gin available. The menu is legen-waitforit-dary! And quite witty as well.This is an up and coming bar. Hopefully they will continue to have the clientele they are centered around. We loved the bartenders as they seemed very knowledgeable and down to earth. Mixed drinks good and centered around Bourbon and whiskey which was different. Location nice, upstairs of course :) but looks down a Gelato shop which was different. A good place to have a fancy drink after dinner. And they don't only have ginger beer drinks :) we will be back!!Second Story is probably my favorite bar in the old town area. They have by far the best drink menu that is constantly being reinvented based on the season, and because of them the Kentucky mule has become my new cocktail staple. Besides the mule, the katsu sliders are delicious though hot sauce on the side would be fantastic. However, the service from my favorite server Nicole is what keeps me coming back. She rocks! She is so professional and personable and makes the experience better. Plus the interior has a great speakeasy feel with books and dark wood everywhere. This is a real gem in the area where you can have nice drinks without the pretentiousness you get in Scottsdale,  so check it out!General manager Vincent and server Nicole were outstanding.  They completely catered to our tastes, and substituted a beautiful dish for another beautiful dish simply because I was "offset" by the presentation. 

Pizza was big & super hot. We waited for it to go & decided to eat a slice before we left. The staff was nice enough to bring us plates. Crust was tasty & crispy which I didn't expect but I love. Place is roomy & tables are far enough apart. Tvs are nice. So far I'm pleased & planning to returnBest pizza in Arizona.  Period.  You'll find very east coast style pizza here and beer to wash it down.  If you are from jersey or New York, get your pizza here and relive the good stuff.  Sorry to break the news, it's more than $1 a slice.If I could eat here every day I would, we probably eat here at least once a week! Convenient, Fast & Good!This is by far my FAVORITE pizza place in AZ!!!! I've been coming here for 4 or 5 years now and I swear the taste just gets better. The owner is great. He's not very friendly but extremely friendly if that makes any sense... the wings are amazing and the pizza is delightful. I use to live in the area and one of the delivery drivers was or is the coolest guy I've ever met. This place has great specials too. YOU HAVE TO TRY THE FRIED MUSHROOMS!!!! Don't even get me going on the ranch.... 

Service was spectacular and I loved the environment. 

Pitcher Sangria - $28

Double Double / Dual Action (chance at the $10,000+ Coverall) = $2

Living in North Scottsdale, I used to go more often when they original location was here. Once they re-open here, I'll be a regular.Good first visit. I definitely want to go back and try to repeat the experience again sometime.5 *'s over and over! I love this place! Floating in these pods helps me relieve all sorts of pain through out my neck, back and hips. Great atmosphere for relaxation and super friendly staff!!I can't say enough positive things about this experience. My boyfriend and I are in town from San Diego and have endured a rough couple weeks. As a little treat I bought the Groupon (an hour float for each of us) and I can't think of a better way to unwind. I would like to say Steven (receptionist) was truly wonderful. He shook our hands to introduce himself and made me and Steven (boyfriend) feel extremely at home. With experiences like this, it's important for the people guiding you through to be knowledgeable and sincere. Steven is truly one of the most genuine people I've met in a long time and his positive energy filled the room. Everyone else has detailed their experience so I won't go into anymore that what's already been said. My best advice. Go in with an open mind and allow yourself the opportunity to be alone with your thoughts. It can be overwhelming for your first time but stay calm and focus on your breathing. Counting to 300 truly helps! The most beautiful sound is the sound of your own heart beat and it's a sound we so rarely hear. Enjoy yourself in every aspect of this experience. It's extremely intimate and incredibly therapeutic. The best news is they may be opening a location back home in Encinitas. As soon as they do, I'll be enrolling in a membership. Thank you for a wonderful float. Can't wait to see you guys again.Enjoyed my experienceFacility and staff

 

Joe: "I actually like it better than Pabst" 

Kids should be of sex ed age.AWESOME!  Amazing what they have done with the preservation process...definitely an educational experience...The human body is the most complicated living structure known.  The exhibit accurately captures many of the intricacies of organs and the human's body's lesser seen features.  The polymer organ conversion process is the foundation technique to achieve these amazing models from real human donors.  Bravo to the doctors and curators that pulled off a first detail look into the human body.Really a great exhibit. I've been wanting to go for years and was so happy to get a chance to see it.All of the displays were simply amazing and gripping. You never know how intricate your body really is, and in each part of the exhibit you see the complicated networks and delicate balance that makes up our bodies.I think it is an important exhibit for kids and adults to see, and get over the taboo of it being a 'real human body'. Although I do recommend that one part of the exhibit, clearly marked as not being for all visitors, be observed with discretion. Get the tree package deal with Titanic and Shark exhibits. ;)Excellent!!  This exhibit is not for the faint of heart.  If you have a teen interested in becoming a doctor, this would be a great start.  There is a portion of the exhibit that deals with human reproduction, more specifically the fetus and embryos.Very cool exhibit in Luxor. My wife and I checked this out during a trip to Vegas. It's really an interesting exhibit and there is a lot to learn and appreciate about our bodies.This is one of the coolest/best Exhibition I've ever seen..... I go out often, I like to check out new things.... THIS IS A MUST! Make sure to give yourslf at least 2 hours to read and check out everything!check it out!!!ChrisWhen I first heard of this from my manager a few years ago, I was a bit grossed out. But after she explained everything to me, and I saw that they had the exhibit at the Tropicana (this was in 2006 or so), I got a little more interested in checking it out. It's such a great experience to see and learn about the human body. It's not gross in any way - you have to go in with an open mind and experience everything they have to offer there. I'm so glad I got over my fear of the unknown and went to see the exhibit when I was in town - and am even happier that it is still in Vegas!A very good and informative exhibit.  It's pretty much a museum of body parts, and how they function. It's definitely good for students interested in the medical field. I felt really proud to identify some parts of the skull, since they were the vocab for my dental assisting courses :)They have some interesting facts on the wall, so anything with lights shined on them don't forget to read! There will be alot of reading, if I forgot to mention!I'm a total nerd and love the human body so this was GREAT to me !! It was so cool to see the parts of the circulatory system ... For some people this may make you squeamish as these are real bodies but its definitely a cool experience !Ever wonder how your insides looked? Here is a chance! I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I've been waiting to check out this place and never had a chance to and I am glad I finally did! It was amazing! Words cannot describe how great it is! Wish I can capture pictures but no photography is allowed! Definitely worth the money! Will definitely check it out again!This exhibit made me both ogle in wonder and want to vomit at the same time. It was incredible to see the different layers of the human body. Definitely a must see once in your life whether you're interested in the Human Anatomy or not. I think the only part about it that irked me are the layers with hair.  There's also an option where you you can skip a part of the exhibit where they show baby fetuses.I'm pretty sure I was kind of drunk during my visit so that probably  helped with some of the visual dis-pleasantries that may or may not bother some people.100 % GO!It is one of the most interesting exhibits I have ever seen (as long as you don't have a weak stomach)*** Allow PLENTY of time (2hrs min) and look out for the discount coupon card. $5 off ***You can see the human body sliced in every direction, examine how the joints of the body work, the digestive system, see inside diseased organs, the list goes on and on... Unlike most Vegas activities you might enhance your mind rather than kill brain cells.Some parts are pretty disturbing/freaky fetuses, a whole human skin, glass eyes, lips, belly buttons, finger and toe nails, hair... but get past this and you will be amazed by the human body!At the end they have a hands on section where you can touch a few preserved organs! they feel like plastic WEIRD!I would definitely visit againThis was incredible!

It's two stories of interactiveness. There is the blue man group. There is hugh hefner. Jenna Jameson. I mean it was insane walking though. For a moment in on room there were so many people. I don't know how to describe it. But it was freaky. But a good freaky. 

* Sake Nigiri -  The freshest fish in town.  Seriously it was amazing!!!!!

DUCK FAT FRIES. how can anyone not have this on the menu!!! oily little wedges.

I usually go for their chipotle panini which was recommended to me by the gentleman working and it's dynamite, but everything I have had is delicious! I love the simple side salad, it's always fresh. 

Overall, superbly delicious Mexican food with a friendly, energetic, and lively vibe. Highly recommended!!!This Mexican restaurant is so good .  The bartender (javier) offers us the best service.  This place is the best Mexican restaurant in town. The pozole and menudo so good!!!I have been frequenting Viva Mercados since they were a tiny hole in the wall on Jones. We absolutely love the barbacoa and usually don't deviate from deliciousness!  9 years ago we moved to Henderson but make the 45 minute trek across town as it is so worth the drive. Take out of town visitors there whenever we can.One of my favorite places to eat! Try the texas style enchiladas with shredded beef, they're out of this world!We found this place accidentally when we were grabbing pies from Coldstones. Boy are we glad we did. The service is OUTSTANDING! Luis was our server and let me tell you, we will always ask for him. He was nice, attentive, fast, friendly and an absolute joy. The rest of the staff was amazing as well. The drinks were fantastic and hit the spot. The food? OMG! Best mexican food we've had in a while. The entire experience was phenomenal and we will be back. I think we found our new spot. Thank you Luis and all your amazing staff. You guys ROCK!!!Went here for dinner and had an awesome experience. The staff is very nice and our waiter Luis was GREAT. He was courteous and efficient and very friendly. I ordered the steak and pork fajitas and my date ordered the enchiladas suizas. Both dishes were absolutely delicious. They came out quickly and were very flavorful. The meat was juicy and tender, the guac is fresh and the chips, fried beans and salsa they give while you wait was delicious. Definitely will be coming back!Everything was amazing! ... Maybe with the exception of how sweet my margarita was..  But everything was delicious! Javier, our server/bartender was great. We had magaritas and tequila sips. We enjoyed our meal. My boyfriend had the enchiladas and I had a taco and flauta. I can tell you that I enjoyed my meal as much as I did, if not more, in Mexico.  Cooked to perfection and our complimentary dessert was what was needed.   I read the yelp reviews that helped me pick this place and it definitely didn't disappoint. We did however end up spending close to $100 for 2 people  but that was after two meals, 2 magaritas, 2 Mexican coffees with alcohol, 2 shots of premium tequila and soup. That was the beat part of all!!!! We enjoyed it and can't wait to come back with friends.We love love love Viva Mercado!! We followed Bobby from the location on Jones to the larger location on Rainbow, and were so disappointed when they closed. We have eaten at the new location in Village Square many times and it never disappoints. Food, drinks and service are always spot on. Tonight I had chicken fajitas and my husband had the tilapia...and of course we each had a Sauza Margarita. Everything was delicioso! We've tried many other Mexican restaurants, and every time we ask ourselves why?? Just stick with the best ...Viva Mercado!!Mexican restaurants are a dime a dozen, so I'm not usually looking forward to eating Mexican food, but a friend had recommended Viva Mercado and it worked out Saturday night that we could head over there while in Vegas for the weekend.  I AM SO GLAD WE DID!  It was Saturday and there were a few parties ahead of us so the wait was to be about 30 minutes.  The place was packed.  Luckily, about 20 minutes in, a man asked if we'd like to sit at a bar table.  Why, yes I would!  So we headed into the bar area and I'm glad we did.  My biggest disappointment is I threw away my receipt somehow between yesterday and today and I cannot remember our server's name.  This is important because our service was outstanding.  Between our main server and the bussers assisting him, I felt like I was in a fancy five star restaurant.  My iced tea was kept full at all times, chips and accompaniments were kept full and empty dishes whisked away.  When we first sat down our server brought us chips and salsa and a small bowl of beans - I don't eat them, but my husband was loving beans to dip his chips in!  Then he asked if we like spicy food, we said we did.  he brought out a plate of freshly roasted jalapenos on a bed of grilled onions.  WHAT?  This never happens!  They were tasty and while spicy not too hot for me!The menu is HUGE (too big!!!) but I finally narrowed it down to the tomatillo carnitas enchiladas.  I asked for my beans on the side so the husband could have them and they brought a massive plate of beans "on the side"!  My husband ordered steak machaca and eggs.  Both dishes ordered were a great size and along with all the chips and salsa, there was NO WAY we could eat it all.  I had mentioned to the husband that I thought it looked a little pricey for mexican food, but for what you get, it's an awesome deal.  We weren't drinking, so we only paid for our food and for both meals came out to about $34 before tip.  Oh, after we had boxed up half of our food to take home for breakfast, our waiter brought us crispy tortillas with cinnamon sugar and whipped cream to finish up with!I know this sounds crazy, but this was one of the finest dining experiences I've had in Las Vegas and I'm there a lot and I like to eat good food.  I cannot imagine how there are negative reviews for Viva Mercado, because my experience was top notch.The final kicker, I ate my leftovers for breakfast, MICROWAVED.  I'm a food snob and picky and I never eat leftovers unless it's like pasta or something simple, but this enchilada was so damned good, I wished I'd had more of them the next day.  Oh, we WILL be back. You should go there.5 stars for living up to the 4.5 star Yelp rating!  This place is close to home so we finally stepped out of our norm and tried it.  Totally satisfied.   I had the carne asada chimichanga.. One word, awesome!    My husband had the carnitas plate, the carnitas was in slices (versus shredded like we are used to) so we were skeptical, but it was so moist & tender and not greasy at all.  We will definitely be back for every Mexican craving we have lol.   Only suggestion would be to add "baños" to the bathroom sign to top off the good Mexican vibes!Great margaritas! Exceptional service! They make you feel welcomed. Love this place. Definitely coming back.Always Great Service, Friendly atmosphere, waiters and bus person call you My Friend! 

The young man who took our order was very patient and helpful!

Live Lobster (Market Price)

*GELATO.....I love gelato. I went back twice (sorry not sorry) I wouldn't get prime rib at rio..theirs was way too salty. 8:00 AM Le Village (Paris) - where do I start..this is breakfast HEAVEN! And their decor is so awesome. Wait was long, about 45 minutes to get in. (NTS-they start at 7 AM). Highlights: **made to order CREPE station

the process from making great suggestions and the confirmation

needing some serious care to replenish its appeal.  Great service and professionalism provided by Technician, Ryan.Such a pleasure to have delicious vegetarian options in Urbana! I had the black bean and tempeh tacos with a quinoa corn side dish. Delish!I visited The Dancing Dog this evening, had an excellent meal, and the service was wonderful as well. The staff are very friendly, and everything on the menu (including the wine) is 100% vegan. I had the vegan fish and chips. I think the vegan fish pieces (there were three) are Sophie's Choice brand, and they are deep fried, so if you are looking for vegan health food, this might not be the dish for you. However, if you want the closest thing I've ever tasted to British-style fish and chips, this would be it. The tartar sauce was tasty and the coleslaw was some of the best I've had anywhere. For dessert, I ordered the chocolate chocolate chip, cookie, which was also excellent. Dense and chocolatey, slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.I will definitely visit here again the next time I'm in Urbana. Any vegans and vegetarians in town should feel lucky to have this wonderful restaurant.Sooo good!!! The  desserts are unreal and they're healthy!!! It's a must to stop by this local gem. Don't leave Urbana without doing so!Wonderful vegan food! The tacos, quinoa salad, bruschetta and hummus are all delicious! The desserts; specifically the mousse was great. The wait staff was very friendly. Whether vegan or carnivore this place is a great spot.After spending over a year researching vegan eats all over the east coast, I knew the thing I would miss most about NYC and Philly is the array of vegan dining options that central IL is severely lacking. Luckily, this Dog came dancing into my life and did more than soften the blow...Specific favorite things about DD:1.) Dessert: Ever heard of Vegan Treats in Bethlehem, PA? It was named one of the top 10 bakeries in the world. I can honestly say that after trying ~ 20 treats from there, I have had DD desserts that I've enjoyed more than many at VT. DD has new desserts every day, so it's my favorite part each visit to walk in and see what's on display. Some days have a better selection than others, so I wish the pastry department would expand to guarantee at least 2-3 cakes/cupcakes each day (always so moist and decadent). Some gems I've tried are GF vanilla lavender cake, "ricotta" cheesecake trifle, peanut butter fudge, and an oatmeal cream pie that would make Little Debbie abandon her reign and go veg for life.2.) Lunch/Dinner options: I'm happy to see the menu is expanded, although I certainly don't have a problem with the kitchen continuing to experiment with even more options for me to try. (; Here are some highlights:-- Soups. They have an actual soup wizard working for them. One Soup of the Day I was particularly impressed with a couple months ago, humbly titled "mushroom", was full of beautiful shiitakes, shining in a rich and silky umami broth of love. The chili is offered daily and it is also very tasty, hearty yet light and full of vegetables in addition to the beans.-- Down & Dirty Dog.  This dog isn't made of random appendages from who knows how many species of animal. Nor is it the beige rubber stick that vegans have been begrudgingly choking down at bonfires for years. It's the best dog I've ever had. And the slaw and baked beans are even better, offering a hint of sweetness and a creamy crunch. There's also a pickle involved if you want even more crunch and tang, but I kind of liked eating the pickle separately because the slaw and beans are too good to be "speared" like that (ha).-- Seitan Rueben. I've had other versions of this, including the famous Chicago Diner one, but DD's is special in its own right. I love that the seitan is made in-house because I know many vegan restaurants (even Vedge, the best vegan restaurant in the country) use seitan from outside sources. Plus DD's thousand island relish is crazy good. -- Quinoa Scoop On A Bed. I once heard another customer tell a server the salad should be renamed to "Mound of Goodness". I wouldn't disagree. Mostly because of that tangy avocado dressing, but also because I when I want a salad, I want a legit sized bowl full of dark green and purple leaves, not a handful of lettuce with a tasteless tomato on top. 3.) The Veggs Bennedog for Sunday brunch. The Hollandaise sauce is insane. Who needs egg yolks ever? Even better with spinach!4.) Staff: Everyone I've met here has been awesome; not just knowledgeable about the food but actually excited about it too (an unfortunate rarity in the food industry). I've even had a some interactions with the owners Linda and Brian (who are usually around - another sign of a great restaurant), and I can tell they are wonderful people who care about the food being served, and treat their employees well.Overall, the Dancing Dog executes well what it has set out to be: a place where vegans and non-vegans can happily mingle with plenty of satisfying and tasty options, mostly reminiscent of traditional cafe/diner fare. They're still new and have a ton of potential to grow, which is exciting because they are off to an excellent start. This being said, the main suggestion I'd like to see more of in the future is fresh produce shining in more dishes.. Especially seasonal; it is winter so I'd love something like sweet potato gnocchi and roasted kabocha squash in sage brown butter sauce. (Also I hope real lemons are used in lemon cakes, not lemon extract, for example.) 

The owner of this company, Rick, is a really family man.  You can see it clearly by the way he care about his business and his customers--Case in point:

Soup was next, one was lobster bisque, the other was french onion soup. Katrina had soup & spinach salad.

This salon is trendy and hip. You will get a modern cut by a fabulous stylist.

Yes, I am a fool as to all things car.Approximately two hours later Mari rang me and I headed back. First Mari, then Rene, explained the steps taken to test my tire. In English. Not a damn thing wrong with it. Highly probable a rapscallion LET THE AIR OUT on purpose. (Thanks to whomever for that.) Just in case, Rene replaced the air valve stem.Ten minutes later my tire is plopped back onto my car. My car has been vacuumed (!) and I was free to go.Here's the crazy thing:

-Never too long of a wait time. 

I go for lunch.I must have passed this place a thousand times and admired the cool sports cars outside of it.  Finally decided to try it for lunch.  There were two couples there who were having an early lunch just like us.  The place was nicely decorated and had white tablecloths on every table.  Very nice.  We were served basil pesto in a deep, green, extra-virgin olive oil that was a complement to the bread we were served.  The pesto dip was really delicious although I thought it needed a few grains of salt to balance it out.  The bread roll was puffy and crunchy on the outside with a nice texture inside.  I like bread with holes and this one had it.  We ordered chicken parm  and hubby had a chicken cutlet with a slice of eggplant on it.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and delicious. Each came with penne with a tasty tomato sauce.  The penne were perfectly cooked al dente.  The sauce was really good-- as I like it not too sweet and not too acidic.  Nicely balanced sauce, almost NY style.  We didn't have dessert but viewed the dessert menu for future reference.  I saw that they have a ricotta/mascarpone cheese cake on the menu that I will have next time around .  

You can't go wrong with the Kimpton Hotels, especially FireSky! I've never had a bad time here and will always return when staying in Scottsdale. PS....The Kimpton Hotels are ALWAYS pet and gay friendly!!I travel significantly for work, and have stayed at my share of hotels.   I recently moved to Scottsdale, AZ and was in search of a house.  In the interim, I stayed at FireSky Resort and had a wonderful experience.  I specifically searched for a hotel that was pet-friendly.  While this is a pet-friendly hotel - if you don't happen to be a pet-owner or pet-lover, I would not shy away from staying here.  There are pet buildings and non-pet buildings.While it has its luxuries that you may not have at home - the staff, the location, the rooms - make you feel that you are not just another guest, but they make you feel welcome, immediately upon check in with a personalized stay.Checking in with 2 dogs, I was immediately welcomed by Bosco, the Guest Relations Director - who served Bosco's brew (chicken broth ala beer, for dogs).  Upon getting to my room - there were 2 dog beds, food and water bowls for my 4-legged friends, and treats available at the front desk, at all hours.  I also took advantage of the pools - that were very clean, the area around the pool is well planned, and enjoyable to either sit around or cool off from the sun.I highly recommend the FireSky Resort and Spa, in particular if you are looking for a place that is a 'treat' away from home, has great amenities, is close to old-town Scottsdale, and is enjoyable to stay on-property, if you so choose.  Don't forget to take advantage of the 5-6pm wine and Sangria sampling every day, as well as the S'mores set ups they have available at the front desk - to enjoy a late night treat!  Everyone was very pleasant and courteous - check in to check out.Another great Kimpton hotel. Service is top notch. Big pools and 2 hot tubs are a plusI was in dire need of a vacation and so was my BFF, so we decided we needed a serious weekend getaway. And, what better place than a resort practically across the street from Fashion Square. Firesky Resort is almost literally in the heart of it all -- Scottsdale, that is. Minutes from Old Town, mere seconds from the best restaurants in town, and nanoseconds from comfort and relaxation. Firesky isn't too stuffy or too fancy or too oh, la, la chic -- it's just the right amount of luxury for a down-home city girl like me. The grounds are tranquil and relaxing  -- you don't even feel like you're in the city when you walk around the place, especially since there are little bunny rabbits running around everywhere. The staff is genuinely nice and very accommodating. And, one, in particular, likes to flirt, which totally made me blush but also put a much needed smile on my face. The rooms are nicely appointed, with comfortable beds and linens, and the bathroom has two separate mirrored vanities that adds a nice touch when sharing a room with another gal. Additionally, each room has a very nice patio area with two relaxing patio chairs. Finally, their pools are the centerpiece of the resort. One is a lagoon style pool that you enter from a "beach" and the other is a larger pool with a nice water feature. They also have a jacuzzi off to the back.  The pool area definitely has a tropical island feel to it, with tons of mature palms trees dotting the perimeter of the area.  There are wooden bridges that cross over the pool; tons of little nooks with comfy chairs and plenty of lounge chairs around the pool area. They even have a couple fire pit areas that seem like they'd be awesome areas to hang out at when the temps start dropping. And, to top off everything, this price was just right!  Of course, I got a deal because it was summertime in Phoenix, and every resort is having a special.  But, I have a feeling that any time of year, Firesky offers reasonable rates compared to other resorts in the area.  I definitely will keep Firesky in my top places to stay in Scottsdale.  And, the next time I need a break from everyday life, I'll definitely head to Firesky.I stayed one night at Firesky and really loved it.  I was just looking for a one-night getaway with my boyfriend that was fun and affordable.  Firesky was all that and more.  Firesky has very updated decor and the rooms were very nice and spacious.  The grounds are beautiful with two pools and pond/waterfall/stream area.  I LOVE the cocktail hour where you can get free wine/maybe beer?  Not sure I only had wine but either way very nice beginning to the evening.  My boyfriend can't sleep without a mini fan blowing in his face and the hotel staff was amazing at finding us a fan.  I liked the "beach" pool.  I wish there wasn't so many children at the time but nothing you can do about that.  Overall I thought the place was very classy, modern, abd beautiful.  A great value for the price.  I would definetly refer all my friends and family who visit to stay there!I was recently blessed with a little getaway that included a stay at Firesky Resort & Spa.  I have had my fair share of hotel experiences, and I have to say I was so pleasantly surprised by this venue.The staff at the front desk and at the restaurant were very nice and helpful.  The cleaning crew did a great job tidying up the room and replacing all the amenities (shampoo, conditioner, and lotion from Aveda!).The room was beautiful - great decor, comfy bed, nice flat screen tv, plenty of vanity space, super high water pressure in the shower, and complimentary cheetah-patterned robes for the duration of the stay.The pool area is amazing!  Small waterfalls, one pool included a beach area complete with sand, perfect temperature for all hours of the day, and plenty of chairs and towels to accommodate any guests.I have to admit I was a little sad leaving the hotel.  I wish I could have stayed a little longer.  I definitely want to return, and next time I will take advantage of the spa services, and spend more time at the pool.Stayed at the Firesky based on reviews here on Yelp and I couldn't have been happier with my choice to do so.  The location is excellent as it is less than a mile from Old Town Scottsdale.  The room was comfortable and had very nice finishes with hardwood, tile, pedistal sink, nice flatscreen tv, 2 cozy queen beds, and a great patio.  The premises of the resort were immaculate with beautiful landscaping, a pool with waterfall, a pool with a mini beach area, jacuzzi, fire pits galore, and all of the comfort and privacy you could ask for with respect to sitting areas around the property.  There is a wine hour from 5-6 every night for free that features a different winery every month.  Everything was fantastic BUT the BEST was the staff.  From the Valets and bellhops to front desk workers they could not have been more nice or genuine.  They even offer a complimentary car service (until midnight I think) where they will drive you in an escalade to dinner so you don't need to worry about driving post wine hour.  All in all I am a huge fan of Firesky and I would return in an instant.PS- Skip dessert out one night and instead ask the front desk for their complimentary smores packs (1 pack makes 2 smores).  They give you everything you need and you can settle in by one of the fire pits outside roast away.I took my partner to Firesky to celebrate his birthday.  I had some unusual requests and they were accommodated WAY beyond my expectation, and our whole stay was perfect from check in to check out!  I travel a lot for work and have stayed in some of the finest resorts in the country and I have never received service as good as we got here.   The room was perfect. The staff was incredible. The property was gorgeous!  I will definitely come back again and again!I stayed at the Firesky Resort and Spa for a conference and although I was there on business I felt like I was there on vacation.  The location is great, the pools and grounds are beautiful and it's really close to downtown and shopping.  I also went to the spa and had a great salt treatment.  The thing that stood out the most was the staff, they were so friendly and helpful, I couldn't have asked for more.  Highly recommend this place.Just returned from a week at Firesky.  The rooms were spacious and comfortable. The staff at the hotel went above and beyond. We couldnt have asked for a better stay. Highly recommend.Amazing pool area, complete with a sand beach pool area.  Great pool side service.  Food is excellent and the drinks are cold.  Staff is extremely friendly.Rooms are very comfortable.  The only draw back is that it is a pricey place.  Expect to spend some money if you're going here.It's a good sign when you wish you could have stayed longer at a hotel.  Everything was wonderful.  It had the most comfortable hotel bed I think I have ever slept in.  The room was very quiet, private, and secure (key card needed to access your building). I  travel a lot for business (and pleasure) so I am particular about where I stay.  I can't say enough nice things about this hotel.  It is a charming, personable, and unique gem.  I loved the decor, ambiance, food, service, staff, grounds, and of course Bosco...Amazing property!  They have lots of specials and are priceline as well.  You can get a steal here.  Also very nice staff and complimentary happy hours every night!The resort is beautiful. My favorite part about the room is the gold fish! An extra special touch for sure. The closet is larger than the bathroom! Loved the balcony with the doors so I could enjoy the desert weather! We held a company event this evening and the entire staff was very accommodating. Anything we needed (and we needed ALOT) was never frown upon. The food is AMAZING.Beautiful, quaint resort with excellent location to Scottsdale Fashion Square. Great pools, clean, good food and welcomed the dog!!!I Beautiful resort, a relaxing place to go with the family or just a loved one.LOVED our stay here!  Apparenlty once you become an InTouch member and stay at a couple of the Kimpton properties, you're treated like royalty!  Upon checkin we were handed a welcome card with our $10 raid the mini bar card (LOVE THAT).  We asked for a fish (named him Scotty to commemorate our trip to Scottsdale) and were promptly brought up the most active fish I've ever seen.  He would not stop moving!  Anyway..we brought Dex, our little pup, and when we got up to our room there was a dog bed and food bowls waiting for him.  There was also a welcome sign with all the names of the dogs checking in that day, I thought that was a super cute gesture.The pool was really nice, loved the temperature.  It was perfectly cool for the hot weather, but not so cold you were freezing.  The only bummer is by 9 a.m. people have thrown towels over their chairs to save their seats.  I really hate when this is allowed, as NO ONE was at the pool, but every freaking chair was occupied by someone's towel.The grounds are nice and there was plenty of grassy area to walk the dog.  They even had a station with poo bags and a covered trash can.  The gym looked pretty nice, husband used it a couple times.The shuttle service (and I use the term lightly..it's a freaking Escalade) was fantastic.  They dropped us off at the mall for lunch and picked us up as soon as we called for a ride back.Can't wait to return if we find ourselves in Scottsdale again!This is a phenomenal resort. It has everything anyone could be looking for. The service is exceptional. The food is excellent. The rooms are quite nice. It skid friendly and pet friendly. The fitness room is definitely above average for a hotel fitness room. I cannot recommend FireSky highly enough.I just returned from a girls' trip to the Firesky, and if I could, I'd turn around and go right back again. We had SUCH a lovely experience!I arrived in Scottsdale with some trepidation - I knew we'd booked the cheapest possible room, and I was concerned about an ugly parking lot view. However, our "patio room" was on the ground floor - so our view was of an 8-foot hedge rather than the cars just beyond it. Not bad at all! If you're cheap like me, go for a ground floor room and you'll barely even notice that you don't have a nice view.Second, I was concerned because there were three of us. Three girls all getting ready at the same time every morning is a recipe for disaster. Luckily, the shower and toilet are in a separate room from the sink, and there is actually a second mirrored vanity right behind the sink. This was the best possible setup, and it made it very easy for the three of us to get ready in the mornings.Because I'm a Kimpton In-Touch member, we had free (and fast) WiFi across the whole property - not just in our room. My favorite morning ritual? I'd go for a run in the fitness room (small but decently equipped), grab some free coffee in the lobby (good quality for being free), and read the news on my iPad by the pool. Oh yes. The pool. I loved the pool area - both the main pool and the smaller sand pool. Beverage service starts in the late afternoon, and it wasn't overly crowded while we were there. The grounds are lush and gorgeous - we could have spent every day by that pool. At night, we'd get s'mores supplies from the front desk and make our own dessert at the fire pit. Such a fun experience! Of course, I can't forget to mention the free wine and featured cocktails available every day from 5-6. The lobby itself is absolutely stunning - the perfect place to enjoy some peach sangria or a prickly pear margarita (both available free during happy hour). The Firesky really was the perfect place for us to stay - close to the convention we were attending, close to everything in Scottsdale, and just SO relaxing. We loved every second we spent here, and I would return in a heartbeat!We loved this hotel!  Great location, very clean and great staff. We brought our two dogs and the hotel was very accomodating and provided us with dog beds and water bowls.  The pool and spa was great too and they also served wine in the lobby every afternoon.We would definitely stay here againThe only thing that comes to my mind is why aren't there MORE THAN 5 STARS TO GIVE FIRESKY!!!!!Seriously this place is amazing! They know how to deal with 100+ degree weather, giving you the right amount of shade vs sun coming in. Firepits, Perfect Temp Pools, Hot Tubs and most of all know how to make it RELAXING!On site Restaurant is 3-4 Stars

Bfast is served from 6-11A, lunch/dinner thereafter till 11P.  Salad bar with assorted fruits, waffles, and typically 2-3 types of hot food.  Open bar with espresso, tea, and soft drinks.Though unlike other lounges, no bottled non-alcoholic drinks to take with you, and no flight announcements.  The FIDS is also slow to refresh (5-10 mins behind), so I actually missed boarding a delayed flight.Great place to meet interesting folks from all over.To get here, take the tram to D gate and go up the escalator, signs all over.Love making a pit stop here before flights. Food is pretty good and drinks are all complimentary.  Staff is very friendly and cleans up so quickly so your area is always spotless.  Really enjoy it.  A great place to wait for flight.  Has a lot of great benefits. Free newspapers, shower facility, and computers. Basically a first class lounge.  Highly recommend.Excellent excellent food and drinks.   Was pleasantly surprised at the amazing eggs and freshly squeezed juice.  Amex is doing a great job.  Can't wait to see one in HoustonDefinitely a step above the normal airline lounge. Real food and much of it was inspired and exciting. Great selection of spirits and nice surprises in the beer and wine offerings.Small lounge but it is the only one worth going to in Las Vegas airport. Food options are pretty good. Cocktails are free. Premium is only for black cards I believe (jw blue label). Bathrooms are always super cleanWe really enjoyed our stop here. Very nice atmosphere. Private room and very polite people to help. kids enjoy the room with

These guys are also classy enough to take photos and sign autographs for fans after each performance. When the hell do you see David Copperfield giving a rats ass about his fans? And Teller speaks after the show!!When Penn & Teller first came to Vegas several years ago, I thought "well, this is cool but it will never last. They're literally 'too hip for the room.'" Thrilled to see they've not only lasted but thrived here, which is as much a reflection of the audience as it is of them. 

Carmelized cream corn

I can't wait to go back.I was in Scottsdale for the week at a conference. This was a great escape away from the meeting. The staff are very welcoming , friendly and professional. I've referred three coworkers here and they were able to get them all in. All were very satisfied with their treatments.  This really is a hidden little gem and price points are extremely reasonable. I would highly recommend Moziak again to anyoneI had an awesome massage there today from Allie. She adjusts the pressure so you're comfortable. Very nice, relaxing setting. Ive been looking for a massage therapist since I moved here in November and I'll definitely be returning to Mozaik. Marcia SI looked at about a dozen places to find a good deep tissue message therapist. I picked Mozaik and am very glad I did. I had a 90 minute deep tissue with Kristina and should have booked 2 hours. She was great! She has mad skills...knows how much pressure to use and will adjust up or down based on clients tolerance. I will be making my next appointment right away. Give Mozaik a try, you won't be disappointed.This was the best massage I've ever had. Kandis was so knowledgable and relieved all the tension in my neck and shoulders. I've had many massages and this was the first one that actually made a difference.Hands down the absolute best massage I have ever received. My husband and I came here for a couples massage and left knowing for a fact that we would be back. My therapist was Tina and she proved very knowledgable and passionate about her work. I have sciatica which I noted on my paperwork and she immediately asked me questions about the background behind it and let me know some techniques she could try to relieve some of the pain. And then she completely went through with it. She never got lazy, she never took the easy route. She put in work the entire time and I am so thankful! Thank you so much. I will be back to see you.I received my first massage ever here with Ally (?spelling) and it was AMAZING! They are very professional, but personable. They even gave us great ideas to plan the rest of our day in Scottsdale. Highly recommended!One of the best massages I've had for a pretty decent price definitely will go back Candace is really great!I just had an excellent massage at Mozaik with Candace. The space is warm and inviting, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Great experience!  Going back next week. I loved itI have tried many spas in Phoenix and Scottsdale over the years, but my experience today was the absolute BEST yet.  I'll be back again and again!Best spa ever!  I purchased a massage through a deal website to try Mozaik out.  The atmosphere is excellent, there are a couple seating areas to relax in while you wait for your service and beautiful "spa like" details everywhere.  Allie gave the most amazing massage.  I have been back a second time and am getting ready to go a third time in a couple weeks.  The receptionist informed me if you ask for the deal they will honor it without you having to go through a deal website to purchase.My husband and I were visiting Scottsdale for the weekend and wanted a nice massage, but not a full day with the pools, saunas, etc. I chose Mozaik based on the reviews and am so glad!  We both had 2 hr massages, and both therapists were absolutely great! In addition, the price was amazing. Would certainly recommend and would visit again if in Scottsdale.Although this may not be your typical "day spa," but this is by far the best massage place I have been to. I found this place through yelp and groupon. Kristina is my therapist and she works wonders! I have chronic back pain and she always makes me feel a million times better. I would recommend this spa AND Kristina to anyone!Today was my third time here! I have previously had messages with Christina and she was absolutely amazing so much so I came back! I booked today last minute (as in yesterday!) and had Tina- she was exceptional! I went today because I was having pain in my shoulders and calves, I told Tina my problem areas and she was great, she hit all the exact points that hurt and now I feel so relaxed. I booked another appt when I left! The prices are great, the place is clean, staff is friendly, and it is a very relaxing environment! I can't wait to try the message/facial combo! My favorite message place by far!My friend took me here for my birthday a few weeks ago and we were both impressed! We both had the massage and facial package. I must say we were so impressed with the staff and quality of service we received. The facilities were modern, clean, and the small touches like snacks were amazing. I loved that the room I was in has a private bathroom. I am an avid spa go-er so I have had a wide range of experiences. If i wasn't happy I would be going back with 3 friends tomorrow. ;) Keep up the good job, Moziak!The customer service at Mozaik is amazing. Less than 5 minutes after I posted my last review, the owner Robert called me to apologize about my experience. After my previous massage, there was a misunderstanding and he didn't know that I didn't really enjoy my massage. He told me that my feedback was really important and made it right in a way that definitely makes me believe that this business really cares about their returning customers and makes sure you have a great experience. I am really excited to go back to Mozaik next time I feel a little tight. My recommendation is to be open with Robert about how your massage went. If anything went wrong, let him know!Samuels Massage was nothing less than amazing. Robert was scheduled me was magnificent, and the atmosphere was exceptional. Can't wait to visit again.This is the first time I have been to this spa. I had a great experience from beginning to end. I booked my appointment online and immediately got a call back to confirm my date and time. I also got a reminder call the day before. I enjoyed my facial and never felt any pressure to buy unwanted products. I will definitely be back!I was gifted a prenatal massage here by my husband for Christmas. Took me a few months to finally find time to use it. Wish I would have come sooner. Was so blown away. My masseuse, Tina, was phenomenal. She was very knowledgable about the art of prenatal massage. Everything was set up to keep me and my growing belly comfortable. Only downside was that I booked a 60 minute massage! Already planning on returning again before my pregnancy is over and even after I give birth.This spa has the most seasoned and knowledgeable massage therapists I have found in a long time!

I've only discovered Firehouse Subs this last year. Boy do I wish it had been sooner. They sure do make a tasty sandwich,  and the service was both fast and friendly.The atmosphere is unique and fun. The staff greeted each guest that came through the door,  and your orders are delivered by name- not number. I will certainly eat here again. In fact,  I suspect that I will be quite the regular!My Hero! Finally a great sandwich in Maricopa! Into their 5th day in business the staff here seem to have gotten most of the kinks in their hose worked out.  Everyone is friendly, happy to serve, and their speed and quality are consistent if not better than other "stations" in the valley. It's been a long time coming but welcome to Maricopa,  Firehouse Subs!At my first visit I enjoyed the Hook and Ladder light. Very good quality sandwich! At my second visit I enjoyed the turkey bacon ranch. Even better!! My husband had the Italian and enjoyed his sandwich pick! We looked forward to trying other sandwiches in the future.Loved it! Last weekend I had a really bad experience with another Bbq place...but fire house subs made up for my anguish.  I had the beef and cheese brisket. Absolutely melted in my mouth. I will order this again. I'm not usually a fan of baby rays Bbq sauce as my preference is a mixture of famous Dave Devils spit and sweet and sassy sauce, but this was great! They mixed mayonnaise with sweet baby rays and it was wonderful.You should try it...it jst opened in Maricopa and they were spot on with taking my order and especially making sure I got my pickle spear....just wish it was a Nally puckle. Would have been perfect.Great hoagies. Lots of meat on a quality roll-and everyone is very friendly. Great addition to Maricopa!Great experience!  My kids loved getting a fire hat with their kid's meal!  We will for sure be back.  I met the owners and they really love this community which is great to see!This location is fab!y young kids love coming here! They prefer it over the stinky old McDonald's any day. The employees are warm in greeting you and very friendly through the whole ordering process. It appears the employees genuinely like their jobs - usually a sign of great management.  The food is tasty and fiat priced. I can feed my family for under $20. Keep up the good work. It's nice to have a clean friendly place to take my kids to eat!I love Firehouse! It's our go to place when we grab dinner to go. All the sandwiches I've tried are amazing and I love their chili. I also really love you can round up your change to donate to public safety.The best subs in Maricopa. You will go back over and over after trying them. It is not your regular subs.Nom nom, nom nom nom nom nom. Nom nom nom, nom nom nom nom.Nom nom, nom nom nom nom nom mon. Nom nom? Nom nom nom. Nom nom nom nom nom nom, nom nom nom nom. NOM nom nom nom nom!The service is a little slow when they get busy, but that sandwich tho...Nom.Back on track.Much better than my last visit, they've got the magic back =)

Food was delicious and one of the managers by the name of Sal treated our family like it was his own. He's definitely an asset to the restaurant.

Chaat, Chicken tikka Masaala and Garlic Naan are all amazing. The food seems to be cooked with great detail to ingredients, flavor and freshness. Highly recommend this place. Best find in town.New restaurant,  innovative northern Indian cuisine,  executed perfectly. First visit we had the following from the lunch menu, Chicken Tikka Masala, Dal Makhani, Naan, Fire Cracker Chicken. Unsweetened iced tea, and Chai tea. Everything was amazing! We will be back!We ate there today for lunch! The food was wonderful. Perfectly seasoned and prepared. A definite return is in order.Off to order another delicious Samosa Chatt. $6.50 for a filling/ tasty lunch. Love this place! Fresh food finally here on the north side.One word.. Lamb! This is a great family owned Indian  bistro with amazing food. We had a little of everything with not one disappointment. Our top recommendations are the lamb chops (best lamb we've ever had) saag paneer, papri chaat and samosa puri. Ask for the mango drink it mixes deliciously with all the amazing spices.. End It with pistachio ice cream and your life will be complete!!Our second visit, and still amazed!!! Try the Pani Puri for a refreshingly unique appetizer experience!!Our first visit and certainly it will not be the last. Our expectations were greatly exceeded. The food was excellent and we like how they have diversity in the menu selection. The prices were reasonable and decent portions.3rd time,  never disappointed! !!! Chicken Vindaloo was amazing.  If you haven't gone here yet,  it is a must do in the west valley!We tried samosa chat and chole bhatura. Food taste was really fresh and flavored. Cozy decor with very friendly staff and owner. Worth going again.I was really skeptical about trying Indian food for the first time but after eating here I am pleasantly surprised! I ordered the tiki masala and really enjoyed! Perfect for a cold day. The restaurant is clean and modern and the staff was very helpful to a newcomer like me! I will be back!Great place and great service. I have been to indian restaurants all over the states and this is hands down one of the best places. I never eat/order lamb but took a bite of lamb curry here and boy was it delicious. The food is fresh and delicious. The portion is just right and if you are not fond of spicy food ask for extra mild (I did that and it was perfect). Definitely going back often.I love this place!! Staff is great! Food is amazing.I have read a few reviews on here and I have to disagree with a recent post about the "a la carte" (which you didn't spell correctly ) as a person ordering food you should ask questions and if you are looking at a menu and it does not state comes "with" then ask. Also you should know that " a la carte" means you are just getting that item. I have not had a problem with the amount of food given, I have noticed recently that they have different togo packaging but it seems to be the same amount of food. I love this place and will always go there weekly!Finally!!  We are wintering 'Snow Birds' coming from WA State and have sorely missed good Indian food in our West Valley location. We had Chicken Tikka Masala; Channa Masala; Lamb Chops; Saffron Briyani and Garlic Naan. Oh yum---every dish perfect--we ordered a lot to try and took much home to enjoy later. I am now totally satisfied with our restaurant selections nearby.My husband and I had dinner at Saffron expecting it to be pretty good based on the reviews we read. We were not disappointed! It was outstanding! The black pepper shrimp with yellow curry, made extra spicy per my request, tasted even better than I imagined it would. We love this place and cannot wait to go back!Great food. The service and the foods amazingggggg. Took my wife and kids for dinner and was very happy. Staff was also very helpfulI've been there a few times love their food. My favorite is their butter and the naans are amazing.The food is delicious, and they have a bar now!!! The prices are fair. I'm a very picky Eater and so are my friends, but everyone I always invite (because it's my favorite place) has no complaints and they actually enjoy the food!! Its really far from my house but the drive is worth it.We don't know the area and came here based on the Yelp reviews. The food and service were great. At our table we had Chicken Tikka Masala, lamb Tikka Masala, and coconut shrimp curry. All the entrees were perfect. A great place!!I was in town for the weekend with a friend and found this place on yelp, amazing desi food!! Papri chaat was excellent, imli ki chutney exactly how my mom makes it! Paneer that tastes just like chicken! Definitely a place to try if you're in the mood for bomb butter chicken and paneer tikka masala!!I freaking love saffron I go for the chicken tikka masala made with extra love and affection from the forever fabulous owner. I'm gonna get mushy on you now. He puts all he has into making his food delicious and making you crave for more. I swear I wanted tikka masala everyday for two weeks straight. I'm usually served by Taylor which fails to get me my water with LEMON but she is a joy to talk to and knows what she is talking about. I wasn't impressed though. One time I came in and the co owner was there and bossing one of the waitresses around. It looked like she was about to cry. Very upsetting to me.

the burger had some interesting flavors to it. the service was great (kept my diet cola filled) the people were all nice. I will be back againThey are so sweet in here and the food is good too! We were just visiting from out of town and happy to stumble into such a great local spot!This place was one that we selected from restaurant.com and I am sooo glad we did. Although, I'm not a huge steak lover, when I get my cravings I want it at ALL cost. My wife and I ordered the steak and eggs. They both were cooked perfect and NICELY seasoned. My mom ordered these beautiful fluffy pancakes (nice size). We tried the "candied bacon" and although it was good, it comes cold and I prefer my bacon hot. With three orders, everything came out perfect as ordered, and quite delicious. The cook is the owner (Robert) and he was really nice. Nice flow of people and the owner/cook speaks to everyone. If I had to rate something bad, I would have to say the music. Other than that...we will definitely be back. (Dink)Such an awesome little place. Everyone from the customers to the staff were very welcoming and friendly. You can't beat the prices for good food. Sure is better then going to IHOP or something and paying for overpriced mediocre food. Another great thing about this place is you can customize anything on the menu or ask for something special. Something else I like about this place is being able to watch your food being cooked. I will definitely be coming here more often!My girlfriend and I wanted to try something new for breakfast this morning and Kailyn's Kitchen was nearby and looked good. I was surprised we hadn't heard of it before - I'm guessing it's relatively new? It's a small place, and we might have been the only customers there at the time (it had just opened). Staff was very friendly and attentive. I ordered "The Hash" but was told they were out of hash. I can be pretty indecisive, so I was glad when the cook quickly   recommended an alternate: "The CFS." Country-fried steak wouldn't have been my first choice, but I decided to go with it, and I'm glad I did! Over easy eggs were good, and hash browns were perfectly crispy too. Hope to be back soon!It was our first dining experience at Kaily's Diner and we were not disappointed.  We were immediately greeted and was given a warm welcome.  The food we ordered was great.  We all loved the garlic fries especially.   The owners were very friendly and made us feel like we want to come back.  It was our first time there but definitely not our last.This place is amazing!! Wonderful service and when I say that I mean it!!! This places feels like home. A husband and wife team and they openly joke and it helps make the environment feel comfortable. The owner/chef brought our food to the table. The portion size isn't large, which is a nice change of pace compared to most breakfast spots. I had the "pile up" and my wife had the "Korean Omlet" Both were delicious!! We also shared the High Roller Tots and we both agreed they were amazing!!!!!! If you haven't been here....GET HERE!!!Small place big taste!!!! Had Seoul burger with an awesome kimchee mayor, the only  chili cheese fries in vegas wit great flavor and freaking best bulgogi tacos in the world. Polished off this bacon chocolate chip cookie trio   I'm coming back to try the other burgers and candied bacon for breakfast.  This could be one of Vegas' best secretsYum! Yum! Yum! Boyfriend found this place via great Yelp reviews and I am so thrilled he did! We had brunch this morning and loved it! We had to have the truffled tater tots smothered in cheese and kalbi - I really don't need to love something this much!! We ate strawberry cream cheese French toast and chicken fried steak. Both of them were out-of-this world! The place has so much character (mostly due to the chef-owner cooking behind the counter and his wife-server who is sweet as can be!). We ordered the candied bacon, but did not get it, which kind of worked out since it gives us the perfect excuse to come back soon!!What a cute diner and great people! Thank you Robert and Carolyn for taking care of us while our car was being worked on. Best breakfast we have had in ages! We will be back :)Chef Robert is by far one of the most amazing chef's!!! The good always comes out hot and Carolyn is a great server!! We like to sit at the counter and watch Robert cooking up a storm!!! If you ever have the opportunity to come here you should!!! You will be very happy that you did!!!This place is my HANDS DOWN favorite place for breakfast in Vegas and possibly the world....nearly everything is made from scratch. The flavor is out of sight and the couple that owns and operates this hole in the wall are just awesome people!! If you haven't been here GET YOUR ASS DOWN HERE!!!!This place was awesome. A little hole in the wall with GREAT food. It's owned and ran by a husband and wife. They were amazing. We're from Southern California and it turns out she's from a town 20 miles from us. Small world. The chicken fried steak was so good. And the seasoned red potatoes were to die for. I recommend everyone go here.The owners here are so sweet and friendly!! The food was fabulous. We went for breakfast and were pleasantly surprised by the quickness and delicious meal. This is a must go! And we are from Chicago so you know we traveled a distance to see these folks!Been having breakfast or lunch there regularly for months and am still jazzed about the food and the service. It does get busy around noon but chef and mrs. chef keep it together pretty well.Went Back again today & the food was awesome as usual I had a burger with a coffee type rub ( he has not named this burger yet but i think he is going to call it a java burger) it was juicy and very tasty. Chef  Robert & his wife are always very friendly. If you like different tasting food You will love this place... I Do!!!

Take water and lots of it

For entrees we had the bolognese pasta, gluten free, and the storpretezzi pasta, also gluten free. Both were so flavorful and rich, we couldn't finish them and had them for lunch the next day.

Best. Burger. Ever.

I was a bit shocked by the phone call but also very grateful. 

The lightly crunch with the saltiness of the chicken and bacon combination is over the top.

Fun factor AWESOME

#2 = Tao

Ack! I don't remember the other 2 or 3 rolls I ordered but these rolls were crazy good! And the portions were HUGE! I love how they use Purple Rice. I wish we had Harumi in NYC. I wish I wish I wish!Really good and creative sushi, can't complain about a thing. Staff was nice.  Ohhh my goooodddd!  If you order, you will know what I'm talking about.Hands down the best sushi in Phoenix. Yes, I know I've said that about other establishments before... but that was before Harumi. After a second visit last night we were blown away by how wonderful this place is. Last night we again got the 5 nigiri, 6 sashimi, and we asked if we could substitute the oasis roll in favor of the crazy roll, which they did without hesitation. The crazy roll is crazy good and the fish is the perfect combination tucked into the yummy and unique purple rice. The rolls are just bite site, not those giant ones that make you look like a chipmunk trying not to choke. We also started with the jalapeno poppers, which were light, fresh, not overpowered with cream cheese, and just the right amount of spicy. Will definitely order these again. The last visit we had the crispy stuffed shrimp to start which were amazing- so I think I just have to order both and have leftovers. Now the fish... the fish is ridiculously fresh and the highest quality. The lines of fat in the salmon and the melt in your mouth as your eyes roll back in your head... yes, I get that I am talking about food. But this is an experience in joy. I wanted to bow a thousand times over to the chef on the way out. Thank you, thank you for coming to Phoenix!The freshest most delicious sushi in my downtown bubble. Great for lunch and even better for dinner and the times I've been in it was super bustling. It's probably the hottest spot on the block. 

Good way to eat between games across from the Sportsbook at Venetian.

The garlic cheese bread was great and the marinara was the BEST I've ever had- don't tell my grandmother on my Italian side.Can't wait to try the Meatball Parm and the Sausage and Pepper sandwiches- mmm, I'm drooling thinking about it.Definitely going to be going as often as the skinny wallet will allow (it's such a pleasant change from my usual packed lunches that I bring to campus)

The place is clean & they have lots of color choices & good Polish. 

Btw, Did I mention that Julia Baker is amazing? I didnt? Well SHE IS. So down to earth with a great sense of humor! She definitely has an interesting life story. 

Crème Brulee (so delicious and creamy! A cheesecake with a marscapone whipped cream and a chocolate mouse cake with another candle to sing to my daughter!!    What did we do to deserve this besides waiting for our entrée??  My daughter's eyes lit up and she said she felt like a princess.  We all pretty much did.  We don't go out to fancy places very often and this was such a wonderful time and meant a lot to our family.   I knew the food was going to be super, but I wasn't too sure about the service since I had read the negative reviews.  I'm so happy this wasn't the case at all!Everything was wonderful!  I hope to be back again soonA regular stop for us on our Vegas trips between trying out new places. Good Italian food at decent prices paired with superb service. 2 tips- ask for the real wine list and feel free to ask if you int see what you want. They share a cellar with Craftsteak (etc) and have hundreds (thousands?) of off menu offerings.- be sure to specify inside seating.  As others have noted the tables by the MGM concourse are a bore.Loved it! A wonderful night and they did not disappoint. Food, drinks, atmosphere company was great. Had Cristal for the first time. Great table with large group.There are so many great restaurants in Vegas and I always say we need to keep trying as many different places as possible when there, but I always have to make a stop here for the braised short ribs.   Ridiculous.  Trust me.My wife and I visited Las Vegas last week, and the first place we ate was Fiamma's. (Our flight was late in the afternoon and by the time we checked in to the MGM it was after 9pm.) It was a Monday night during the summer, so it wasn't crowded, and we were seated right away without a reservation. Luckily, we were seated right along the front row looking out on the open mall, so we had a great view of all the weirdos walking by.

Cod butter lettuce wraps: neat presentation and unique preparation

++++ LOVE their dry rub. It's a demure and humble flavor. Nothing overpowering but most certainly complimenting to the smoked flavor. 

I'll keep going back for whatever I need. Perfect place to get gifts for anyone.I stopped in with my husband today to look at some turquoise jewlery and found the owner to be very knowledgeable, helpful and professional! He has a great store a beautiful selection reasonably priced and a lot of local artist.  It was a no pressure experience unlike the store across the street.  I will definitely be back when I'm in town!JullieG~If you truly appreciate the purity and Zen-line qualities of sushi, then you're in for the best upscale ethnic experience the Valley has to offer.  I'm by no means a foodie or culinary expert.  Take me to a fancy French restaurant and I'm lost.  Bring me to Sea Saw and everything just makes perfect sense.  One gets the impression that painstaking care went into each dish that comes out.  It's hard to take a bite that doesn't leave you pondering the reasoning that went into the ingredients chosen... the multi-layered sensory overload that comes from the layers of taste... the absolute artistic genius that brings the flavor together to create a near Japanese masterpiece.This Old Town space is small so make sure to reserve at least a week or two in advance.  Be prepared to spend some money -- tasting w/ wine is $125 (yet very highly recommended!).  For the past 3 years the tasting has been my birthday dinner.  This year I'm headed to The French Laundry and until then (and maybe after), this restaurant ranks as my world favorite.A five star experience all the way. My gf found Sea Saw on Yelp during our annual July 4th trip to Scottsdale, and man do I have to thank her for that. I have to say this was one of the best dining experiences I have had. First thing to note is this is not a sushi bar; it is a Japanese restaurant which serves delicious and precisely prepared avaunt dishes by Nobu the chef.Our host, Arnold met us at the door and seated us at the requested bar area--we like to watch the food prep and we had just walked in--save the tables for the folks with reservations. The menu was neatly divided into cold and hot dishes and it was recommended that we order 4-6 plates as the servings are meant to be eaten family style.Now to the food. We had the Tako and Tomato; two sashimi plate specials--big eye tuna and I cannot remember the name of the white fish--the baked cod, the hamachi and then Nobu turned us onto the White Fish carpaccio and a uni and oyster concoction that was out of this world. All the flavors were fresh, and each dish was superb in taste and presentation. I wanted to cancel our reservations at Elements the next night so we could go back!Wine list--think back to your college binder full of notes from that damn upper division History class--yeah I am not kidding. I read through a bit of it, found it amusing and thorough, then asked for a Sancerre under $100--cut to the chase I always say.The restaurant is small so making reservations or dropping by early is a great idea. Do not miss this place--it is worth every cent.Is it possible to go to the desert and have the best sushi ever? I kept asking myself that same question on Saturday night while I enjoyed every plate of sashimi that was served.  We didn't have resos, so I thought if we showed up early they would seat us.  We were lucky and grabbed 2 seats at the bar, so we could watch the preparation of everything wonderful we were about to experience.Our waiter suggested that we order about 4-6 dishes and we started out with 4 and of course, ordered more later:)  

WARNING: not for those with bad hips or a weak pelvis, 'cause you WILL BE knocked around!This place is truly as good as it gets:

Counsels the depressed.Administers therapy to ALL who need it. Gives food to the hungry. Houses the homeless. Socializes ; Grab the Activities calender! Refreshments provided.Will not close the doors on you and me and thats the key to a caring facility...Angels with bIG hearts run this place !This ones for you Dr. Sarris & TeamReliable, fast and friendly- that's what University pedicabs is all about! Aside from the fact that owner, Tony, is a solid dude, he's got an awesome team of pedicab drivers. They're readily available on fourth avenue, university and downtown. The best part? They accept debit cards! Beats taking a cab and having to make a pit stop at the ATM, all while the meter is ticking.  Plus, University  pedicabs is Eco friendly and electric. And they have a free mobile app!This is an awesome way to see all the lights. Very comfortable and many people walking or stuck in the traffic driving commented on that is the way to do it. Our Pedicab driver also knew all the best spots. JohnFast, early pick up at the ballet! My heels were killing me and we were starving and there they were to two damsels rescue!  Even more impressive when my husband showed up they had a second pedicab to make sure we could all fit!!Fun times tonight, 5 places, 2 1/2 hours, no stress, great drivers, highly recommend!what a fun time we had riding on erin's tricked out pink machine......she said tony, the owner, customized her ride so that u hardly feel the bumps.......and since she comes from the food&beverage world, she obviously knew how to show us a good time, made dining and entertainment recommendations and told us everything we needed to know about navigating phoenix.....we can't wait to come back to phx to take another ride....we noticed her teammates were the only professional looking pedicab crew out there.....y'all should be very proud of the gang u have assrmbled......cheers...Best dental experience ever!!!  Professional, friendly and will actually work with you to take care of your dental needs quickly and efficiently.  I needed a crown and they were able to do it the same day, no temporary crown to deal with for three weeks and hope the permanent one fits.  The staff explains everything thoroughly and are very personable.  Time to bring back the whole family!This place is wonderful. They are a sweet and friendly staff and the office is beautiful. They have high tech gadgets that make it easy to see your X-ray pictures and have a thorough understanding of what's going on in your mouth! This will definitely be where I go for any and every dental need!New dentist in town and she is just AMAZING. Only arrived about a month ago and took over for Dr. Chauhan. I have been struggling with dental issues my whole life and she took an X-ray of my face, identified the root of the issue, and now I'm on the road to a long term solution and not short term (and expensive) Bandaids. Not only is she brilliant but super sweet. I'm even going to move my kids from their pediatric dentist over to here.I went to this practice due to it's YELP reviews and the fact that they accept my insurance - one that not many practices accept! I was very pleased with the customer service, the thorough explanation of my treatment plan and suggestions, and loved the friendly atmosphere. Thank you - oh and Carrie the dental assistant is a gem!I went there for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. The staff was very friendly and personable. I'll definitely make this my regular dentist!This office is aamazing. I went in terrified of the dentist. Dr. Berry took me in her office first to talk about my previous experiences and why I was so nervous. She calmed me down and made me feel comfortable. Everyone in the office was kind and respectful. They explained all procedures carefully and all of the costs in detail. They offered payment options.  The office even had televisions for you to watch while they worked on you. Overall a very positive experience.First visit today, and I was thoroughly impressed!  I have an awful dentist phobia, nonsensical, but awful nonetheless. Anyways, I had walked by this business a number of times (neighbors of whole foods as well as fired pie!) And decided to give them a try. Every person I dealt with was professional and fun to be around, which worked wonders on my anxiety.  Their office was definitely modern, with flat panels everywhere as well as cool instruments I had never seen at my prior dentist's office.  Furthermore, they offered an awesome deal to new customers!If you are in the market for a new dentist/orthodontist check this place out!Dr. Barry, Mandy, Sharon, and team are wonderful. They performed a root canal on me and it was as seamless as a root canal can be. I felt comfortable from beginning to end. I had avoided the dentist because I was insecure about the overall health and look of teeth, but now I'm looking forward to getting my "perfect smile" back! Thank you Dr. Barry and team!!!My husband and son went the other day and came back with great feedback. I initially set up the appointments at which time the Office Manager gave me a tour of the very clean and modern office and was very friendly. My husband said the cleaning was very thorough, although the scraper makes him nervous, but he was not traumatized! He is a picky patient when it comes to dentists, so congratulations on getting a second appointment with him! Great jobWow so rarely do I take the time to write a review, but the staff at Modern amazing.. From the front desk manager, to the person I spoke to on the phone,to the dentist ... What a staff.... I have huge dentist phobia, but they made me feel comfortable an welcome.. Amazing patience an professionalism ..Again a great staff!!! highly recommend this company an store .... thank you all!!!I can't say enough positive things about Chandler Modern Dentistry! I wasn't satisfied with my previous Dentist (old equipment, uncaring, etc) and came to Yelp to find a new one. After reading all the great reviews I decided to call and schedule an appointment. From the first phone call, I was very impressed with the office staff. Very friendly and informative. I knew I needed a crown and I'm terrified of going to the Dentist. She told me if I felt comfortable after meeting with the Dr. and the exam, they could do the work that day. When I arrived, I was greeted very warmly. In just a few minutes of waiting, Dr. Allred himself came to the waiting room and escorted me to this office. He said he likes to talk with his new patients beforehand. Imagine that! A Dentist who actually sits and listens to your concerns! Much more relaxing than doing it in the exam room. After speaking, I had x-rays done by a super friendly Dental Assistant, Mandy. She couldn't have been nicer! All their equipment is very state of the art! Dr. Allred came in and went through all the x-rays and pictures explaining in detail what he was seeing as he reviewed them with me. He identified my immediate needs (a crown and overlay on the tooth next to it) and put together a treatment plan. The office manager came in with the financial details and laid out all my options in an easy to read print out. They assisted me with payment options for my out of pocket expenses. Now the scary part! Dr. Allred was very patient. I don't know what technique he uses but I didn't even feel the novocaine shot! He and Mandy were very reassuring throughout the procedure. They can do their crowns in house so I came out with my permanent crown that day! They have late hours on Tuesdays and stayed late to complete my work. Dr. Allred is everything I could hope for in a Dentist! Thoroughly, thoroughly impressed with this office! Thank you fellow Yelpers, for taking the time to post your reviews! Without them, I would not have found this amazing office!my first visit. New to the area. Found them on yelp and my dental plan site. Was pleased with what I saw. Was very satisfied with my visit. X-rays, cleaning, the works  and all done very professionally. Dr Allred was very attentive. I was very comfortable with him and his staff.Dr. White is very professional and attentive to his patients; by far the best dentist I've come across. The staff at the office are very professional and always available to assist. I will be returning for future procedures.Game changer.Gilbert has long awaited a place as cool and classy as this. Extremely well crafted cocktails, imaginative desserts, and delicious food. Despite the stress of a brand new restaurant immediately flooded by 100's of customers, Joyride held up extremely well. Drinks were served in regular fashion. Mike, the bartender, and Chris, also a bartender, served Mazaltan Mules with short delay. What ever wait we had, the taste, texture, and payload of the drink more than made up for it. We also tried the Agua Fresca's.... yum. Fruity with a kick.I am delighted. Lauren, the manager of Joyride, was on point without being in the face of her staff. She genuinely cares about her restaurant. I know sometimes new places get a bad rap here on yelp when they begin as they work out the bumps. I urge you to speak with her prior to giving anything less than a 4. She's pretty real. 

Here is my recommendation:

 His front office staff as well as his assistants are all very nice and helpful too. A great place all the way around! 

1. Office staff are professional and friendly.  They accept packages and do so with a smile. All seem to genuinely want to be helpful to tenants and are striving for quality service.  They are very good to the kids.  During the school year they have days during the week where the kiddos could stop in for a treat, and during the summer months some of the ladies in the office will come out and offer them popsicles and such.  Very sweet.2. Grounds are well maintained.  Issues are resolved fairly quickly.  I have only had one issue since I moved here and it took less than four hours for someone to take care of issue.3.  Pool area is kept clean and not overly crowded.  There is also two grills for community use with table and chairs available to anyone who wants to use them here.4. Walking distance to shopping (Harris Teeter, Rite Aid, Dry Cleaner, Pizza, UPS Store, Hair Salon etc). (Approximately a 5-10 minute walk across the street, depending on where you live in the community.)5. Large, sunny apartments with plenty of closet space and great patio or veranda!6.  Pets allowed and people are generally pretty good about cleaning up after their dogs7.  This is a privately owned management company and they host a few large parties throughout the year for tenants to enjoy.  8.  There is a Cares Team to make the tenants feel welcomed, and they host a couple of fun events every month.9.  Grounds are generally very quiet.10. Fitness Center (open 24hours), coffee bar always available to tenants, business center and pool table.11.  Excellent schools with elementary school (Providence Springs Elementary) walking distance!CONS

Their tomato sauces are just that- tomato ( and not the toxic canned garbage) with seasoning, such as basil shreds and cheese. Simple and classic. The portions were decently sized too.  The ravioli came with 8 3" raviolis, the gnocchi was a full layer on a 8" dish. ( lots of extra sauce for eating the extra clouds with.) 

and upbeat. You might even catch the Cirque du Soliel performers eating here 

- The height of the speed bumps in the parking lot

Dr Wellish- Mega Superstar

Best food...best service in the city.  Point Finale.Price / Quality ratio is like perfectly efficient. I would say With Shawarma sandwich (both - chicken and beef) you can't go ever wrong. The level of appreciaton rises with level of alcohol in your blood.Ok, their food is an awesome quality Arabic food :)The restaurant space might not be that comfortable, but you'll see paradise once you try the first bite loolTheir slogan is "Montreal's Best Middle‑Eastern Fast Food:

 Going back soon.

All in all I'm happy for the return and addition of Desy to our great south west neighborhood!Fresh gelato made daily with new flavors to try every time, and even vegan friendly choices! Definitely my new go to place for a sweet cravingWow. Crazy flavors! Had Apple Pie and Mustard. Didnt think it would work... but it did. Awesome. Overall wonderful experience, the owners were extremely helpful and offered a lot of samples. We were pleasantly surprised to see how busy the place got, as we love to support small businesses. Cool little gem in SW Vegas.I prefer ice cream over gelato, but Gelatology is pretty awesome. I went today (1.10.16) around 4:15 and the gentleman working was very nice and helpful. Let me taste their base gelato Sweet Cream. It was delicious. I wanted to get that, but I came for their unique flavors I read about. After testing quite a few other samples, berries and chocolate, peanut butter, halo-halo, pear & gorgonzola, cinnamon roll, and green tea with cookies and cream. I got Green Tea with CC. Extremely tastey, wonderful green tea, creamy gelato and the sweet crunchy cookies and cream. So good, can't wait till my next visit.***Yelp Challenge 2016 16/100***Des is the BOMBDOTCOM! I love her as a person! She is genuinely nice and real! I love when people keep it real. She is the owner of this wonderful place that sell the best gelato in Las Vegas. I am so happy that there is a good dessert spot in the Southwest side of Las Vegas. She has many unique flavors and always switches things up. If you havent been there, try all of the flavors. You can go from sweet to something a little less sweet. The gelato is never ever super sweet. As far as the flavors she is going to have for the day, I usually go to her account on Instagram and if I see what I like I am there!If you haven't tried her hot chocolate, its a must. She uses the marshmallows that she makes and she also makes her own chocolate. Wont go into more details because you just have to go there and try it. You will not be disappointed!Yum!!!! This place is great! Amazing and unique flavors! The owners were extremely pleasant and allowed sampling. Engaged us in the theory behind the flavors and gave great suggestions on what to pick! It's very quaint and clean! So glad they are in our neighborhood! Support local business!!!If I had to choose how to meet my maker, it would be to drown a dramatic freezing cold death like Leo dicaprio in titanic right after drawing Kate Winslet's naked body.Except in my adaptation I would be drowning in delicious gelato goodness. Fortunately there's the next best thing: Gelatology (with 2 o's).The owners immediately greet you with smiles and sample offerings of dense smooth and soft consistency gelato. At first glance, the act may be interpreted as trickery when you read combination names such as "pear gorgonzola, honey jalapeño, and roasted beet."But don't let this deter you, even the most strangest of combinations some how manage to work in a way that comes off as either smooth, refreshing, or coalesced in a way that compliments one another.*My recommendations for gelato: halo halo, roasted beet, and cinnamon roll

The atmosphere was fun with sports screens but not too loud that we had to scream across the table. The food was reasonable priced and good size portions and delicious. Our female server gave us a good description of items to help us decide and it came promptly. I had a refreshing arugula & watermelon salad topped with feta. I tried the jambalaya which was delicious on the spicy side. But, the pumpkin cookie a la mode took care of the residual heat aftertaste. Glad we checked this one out and would definitely return.I had the chicken tenders and they were good 

Drinks/Boba - excellentShaved ice (condensed milk!!!!!) - excellentBrick toast (around $10) - ehhh, passAtmosphere - super chill, board games, Nintendo, etcArt - awesome, localIt's always busy here but they bust out orders pretty quickly.Snoh is the ideal retreat from the heat in Phoenix in the summer!  Thai tea is my favorite flavor, with pecans and slivered almonds. A touch of black sesame glaze tops it off. They also have an assortment of iced tea, boba and other tasty shaved ice concoctions.  If you're looking for a a refreshing dessert, stop by. The texture is lighter and more refreshing then ice cream in my humble opinion.Love this place!!  I like their taro with boba snoh the best, and you can go wrong with any of the glazes.  Some of the snohs are really sweet so you have to be careful to pair them with less sweet toppings unless you have an intense sweet tooth.  I've only had their boba once but it was fantastic.  Recently I went with a big group of people that were not familiar with the flavors and they stayed with safe things (fruit snoh with chocolate toppings) but they also loved it.  In addition, workers are always friendly and helpful, and most will give you samples if they have time.  They play cool indie music usually, have cool art on the walls and have a nice artsy nerd vibe. They have Jenga and some other games, so it's a nice place to just chill and eat/drink something delicious.This place is awesome, the service by Judith and Kim was excellent they have good recommendations, it's a great place to chill and have your favorite drink, the only reason I give it five stars is because I can't give it six it's simply dope.Unique flavors, awesome drinks and cool atmosphere with board games and music. I like the green tea snoh with sweetened condensed milk. Awesome staff.Got a small taro snow with red bean and condensed milk and it was delicious. I thought it was actually pretty big for a small, but would be good for sharing. Also got a thai iced tea with boba. The boba has great consistency and tastes just right.This place hits the spot. My favorite flavor of snoh is either the coconut milk, black sesame, or thai tea. There are so many flavors and toppings to chose from that nearly everyone will find something they like. Also, the boba is pretty descent here. The house milk tea with boba is definitely worth a try.If Heaven doesn't have Snoh then it is no place for me.The staff are friendly and are helpful to new customers when picking out a flavor. The decor is really interesting and gives to the unique atmosphere and vibe. I love they display local art. I get the taro flavor with condensed milk and mochi balls. It is like angels are in your mouth. My friends were talking as I was eating Snoh and I paid no mins. No conversation was important enough to distract me from the taste. "Hey, Britt..... I need to share my innermost thoughts about a very intense topiic that may change my life.."- Friend*evil glare*** "No...."   *shoves Snoh in mouth***Very good!  I go to the vape shop next door alot and always wanted to come in here. I was not disappointed at all, the ice-cream is super yummy and the place is clean and up beat!Found this place by accident but very good selection for shave ice. I've been looking for shave ice place when I travel and this place is good as some places in LA and Bellevue. 

 The happy hour specials are great as well if you happen to go during the hours of 4-7pm.An added bonus is the live jazz band that plays and sings in the bar area. (During certain times)Vabenne is one of the best if not the best Italian restaurants in Arizona. My favorites are the tarragon mussels, Cesar salad and the Pollo Con Fungi (Chicken Fettuccine with mushrooms)! Everything you could ask for in an Italian meal! Sooooo good! Happy hour in the bar is the way to go as it cuts your bill in half and you can watch a game on the Ty's or hear live music on Friday nights.Va Bene is one of the best places in chandler! I love the atmosphere, drinks, and the manager Sasha Perric was nothing but accommodating and friendly! I will certainly be back with my friends and family. Thank you Va Bene and Sasha :)Best Italian food in tukee hands down. Incredible HAPPY hour. Don't know what's better ... The bacon wrapped shrimp with that incredible sauce , the bisque , or that homemade butter with the bread. Service is always perfection. Both owner and manager sasha are always eager to please with great service and awesome meals. Would recommend for any happy hour , special occasion , or a romantic date night out.I was super impressed with this establishment. To begin with, our waiter had an Italian accent. Not sure if it was legit or not, but it added to the ambience and experience of our meal. The waiter asked if we were interested in hearing about the specials. I decided to order the filet mignon special.

Mike Rossetti was the driver and guide of the bus and he was awesome!  It was all about what we wanted (the bride and groom).  Our drinks that we dropped off several days before were cold and ready to go and we were able to hook up an ipod and play music.  There was a 2nd guy on the bus, Rocco I believe was his name - he was equally as awesome.  He would run up and down the stairs of the bus getting drinks to make sure everyone always had a cold beverage in hand...  He would give us facts about local places as we went down the strip.  The bus was definitely the hit of the entire night!  Everyone loved it and had such a great time!  If you need group transportation - this is by far the best way to go....  Service was top notch!  The pricing was awesome too!!!I rented one of the double decker buses for a meet and greet for my guests on the night before my wedding. It was a great way for our guests to see the town. We drove up the strip to Fremont Street, spent some tone there and then we're dropped back to our hotel. We played some fun music and everyone had a blast. The bus was on tune and the staff was friendly. Great job DDBC!!!We rented a bus to give our wedding guests a tour of the strip after our ceremony. It was SO cool, the staff were really awesome, and the guests loved it. The bus ride was smooth, the process of renting the bus/dropping off drinks was easy peezy, it was super affordable, and the bus looked really cool. Side note: make sure you check the weather ahead of time and communicate with your guests-- we were freezing because we're all from the Midwest and assumed Vegas would be warm, haha!We rented the bus to take us from the wedding on the strip to our reception a few miles off the strip.  Along the way we took a tour of the strip, stopped at places for photos and had a great time.  We had 50 guest and all agreed this was the highlight of the weekend--besides our wedding itself of course.  Mike himself drove us and was very understanding and worked with us on a solution--we missed something in the contract and instead of Mike making our day bad, he worked a solution for us and we moved on.   Rocco was on top and got us our drinks, told some jokes, and acted as our tour guide.  We dropped off a ton a drinks the day prior and this worked out great!From beginning to end, I would 100% recommend Double Decker Bus of Las Vegas.My (now) husband and I were looking to book transportation for our 30 wedding guests to the chapel, the Vegas sign, dinner, then back to our hotel on the strip. We must have e-mailed over a dozen companies and Michael from Double Decker Bus really exceeded our expectations. We e-mailed them on a whim, thinking there'd be no way they would fit our budget. However, Michael gave us the great suggestion of using them for transportation to the chapel, the sign, and to dinner. He then recommended another affordable company for our pick-up later that night (they were great, too!). As a result of his recommendation, we didn't have to pay a bus to sit there for three hours while we enjoyed dinner. In addition to that, his e-mails were super thorough and explained how everything worked, the contract didn't have any sneaky fine-print, he was super accommodating with our route, even changing it for us to see more of the strip, and communicated with us up until the day of our wedding. This really put us at ease as we were planning from across the country.As for the bus: SO fun! It was clean, stocked with cold beverages (that we dropped off on Friday, what a great option!), jamming out the playlist we made (they have audio hookup for your own tunes!) and definitely one of the highlights of our day. So much so that we cancelled our limo to the chapel in order to ride on the bus with everyone else instead; we didn't want to miss out on the good time! Judy kept everyone's drinks full upstairs while Michael drove us safely and timely to each of our stops. They were super professional the entire time and definitely made our wedding day even more enjoyable than it already was. If you have a large party, definitely go with Double Decker Bus of Las Vegas! You will not be disappointed and your guests will absolutely love it.What can I say its Burger King!! Drive through moves pretty quickly.Visited today because I waited too long in the day to eat. I ordered all my items from the dollar menu. Food was hot, freshly made and the zesty sauce is great. I am glad I stopped!Had to come in, cause they re-model the whole place ...I also used my app for coupon. Food came out fast ... The whole place looks cleanI stopped going to this Burger King cause of the rude, ghetto, unbelievably bad customer service at drive thru... gave them 3 chances and stopped going.  Tonight decided to try again due to a craving of their original chicken sandwich.  The lady working drive thru was great.  Her voice itself was like no other I've ever come across at this location... you could hear the smile in her voice, she was very polite and patient.  Even when i pulled up to the window, she greeted me with a huge smile and warm hello.  My order was going to take a few minute so she politely asked me to pull up front and my food would be out shortly.  Not even 5 minutes later, a gentleman came out with my food, thanked me for waiting and wished me a great evening.  While checking my order, i overheard him go to a lther car and explain their food will be out shortly cause one of their items takes a little bit to prepare and he thanked them for being patient.  I wish i got both their names so i could send a message to their corporate offices... maybe I'll go back one day and get it.  5 stars for the great customer service...great place to get eye exam.

http://www.print2webcorp.com/mkt/lvmainpub200/smedia/View.aspx?i=1651186&e=47533More than a pub...and less than a casino...DEAN'S PLACE is in between and it is great...You have a classy atmosphere (marble countertops and high beam ceilngs) plus super food 24/7 and gaming in two seperate bar areas...One of the bars is totally non-smoking...Plus there is a huge restaurant area so that you don't have to sit at a bar to eat...The staff is tip top and overall it is so easy to reach...Just off Blue Diamond on Dean Martin...Take the turn to the Silverton and instead of turning into the parking lot stay straight on Dean Martin around the curve and you're at DEAN's PLACE...Anytime...you can't go wrong when you meet your crowd at DEAN's...Enjoy!We received a coupon in the mail and  we are moving down the street from this place. We wanted to check it out. The food was pretty good. Ordered lasagna. Good prices. Then, we hit up the bar for some video poker and came out $150 up. The place was really clean and very nice and friendly staff. We will probably be back a lot in the future. It was fun!I have nothing but good to say about this place,, the food is like mama used to make and delicious. Great staff great management. I recommend this place to all Italian food lovers.Stopped in on the way home last night.  Had heard mixed reviews, but got a personal recommendation from a friend, so had to check it out for myself.Sat at the bar and had a few cocktails and ordered some appetizers.  Apart from the delicious food, the service was fantastic.  We caught the day shift bartender at the end of his shift, and spent another hour or so with the swing bartender.  Both were friendly and engaging!  Great service!  Our waiter was equally friendly and courteous.  He spent some extra time chatting and getting to know us, as the dining crowd was pretty small at the time we were there.Overall, this place is pretty great and has officially been added to my list of regular haunts!Great food, I come for the spaghetti meatballs .  But I also enjoy 5 dollar taquitos, steaks are also well prepared.  It is a step above a normal gaming bar in terms of food and service. There is a separate dinning room, smoking bar and a smoke free gaming bar as well.   Service is prompt and courteous.  I am not a regular but have been made to feel very welcome on three visits.  Karen gave me great service in the smoke free bar.Awesome food One of the best sports bars I've been to.  Lots of high definition TVs and a separate area for eating.  Very family-friendly! Make sure you ask for Carl. Great bartender with excellent customer service.Came to deans place for a late night cocktail and snack, Kristen was very helpful and welcoming, Jack the manager came in early and shared the same hospitality.... Will definitely come againThe manager and bartenders at this place are top notch!  Incredible food and phenomenal service.  Highly recommend!  And they have nightly food specials that are scrumptious!  If you are in Vegas, make the trip here!  Totally worth it!Stopped here early Sunday afternoon and had their chicken marsala and friend had chicken parm. Finally very good Marsala. It's hard to find but found it here. Chicken parm was also delicious. Sauce was very tasty. 

This shop used to be at The Venetian, but closed about 1 year ago, only to reopen in the Planet Hollywood hotel. Lo and behold, as of 8/25/2010, they are BACK at the Venetian!(new spot in mall, tho) Near the Rockport and Brighton stores, they are much larger than they used to be.A seasonal and varied selection, they have a bit of everything right now. Women's selections are sun-hats, visors and cute straw hats. They have woolen cloches (yay!) and cold-weather hats that range from causal to quite fancy. For men, they have Panamas, baseball, fedoras and a HUGE selection of Kangols.Staff is happy and eager to help you find just what you're looking for. Yes, they have goofy hats!This is such a fun store in Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops, but you are not allowed to take pictures! See the disclaimer posted everywhere. It's cool that you get to try on all the hats- goofy ones, rasta dreadlocks, sun protection hats, kangol, cowboy, fedoras, and much more. There's a store in San Diego's Seaport Village that this reminds me of too BTW. Since this is a specialty store, you can expect premium prices. Pure fun.Hat heaven. I don't even remember seeing any of the silly hats, I went straight for the large brim cowboy hats. Every hat I picked up was pretty pricey, but all fabulous. The clerk was also very polite.This place is the disney land of hats. This family owned company knows the science behind hats and fashion. They have all of the latest styles that I constantly see celebrities wear. I've seen many celebrities come into this store and make multiple purchases. Every time I visit Las Vegas, I make sure I stop by here and pick up one of their hats. These hats will outlast you and the quality is great. Hand perfected, personalized fit, perfection at it's finest. Go do yourself a favor and pick up a fine hat today, you'll be glad you got one....It's my best investment so far.My boyfriend and I had a great experience here when we went in. Very nice lady helped us w picking out a hat. She was very patient and explained about hat sizes and styles while helping my boyfriend pick out a steampunk style hat. 

I unfortunately got their a bit late so I missed the queso cicherone and guac which I heard were amazing. I had some sangria to drink and it was great. It was like drinking punch. We split some soft tacos which we intended to have as appetizers, but they were sssoooo good we ordered many more and had them as our meal. 

It's really set the precedence for our whole 24-hour stay. From there we headed to the Penn & Teller show.   Sadly this didn't work out quite as well for us, Getting there late the person that was to lead us to our seats (front row) Refused to take us down as people were already sitting in our seats and he did not want to disrupt the show or make them move. Paying top dollar for something and not getting it, left a little bit of a sour note but all is well we got a refund.Next stop was the gaming tables I like " let it ride" and "21,". We were met by a dealer "Lucy". OMG this lady had such a great personality.  Seriously if you go to Vegas and you're losing money you need to have a dealer like this,  She was very engaging, funny and infectious.  As long as she was at the table we stayed at the table. Luckily we won.  Not a lot, but enough to make it fun and offset some of our cost.The next experience At the Rio was At the world buffet.  It's renowned for having any type of food you could think of.  Personally I didn't find the food anything extraordinary.  Everything was lukewarm and I prefer my food hot, Actually I'm not a fan of any buffet.  What's stood out though was the service. We asked to be seated away from kids , Which pretty much put us into a secluded area at the buffet and Serving areas. The  Coffee server was prompt and when she brought us mimosas, I had asked for plain champagne, No sooner than she turned around she had two glasses of champagne to us. I couldn't even count the seconds! I will definitely return I had such a great time & Exceptional service!!Rooms are great! Housekeeping did a great job! Prices are a bit high but its Vegas! Had fun here!I can't speak for everyone but for me the Rio was a very nice place to stay in. The rooms are huge and the seafood buffet is the best. I would definitely recommend this hotel. I can't wait to go back.One of my favorite places to stay.  BEST buffet :-)  Great service.  Awesome rooms.  I'll be back here on my next trip!The rooms are great and spacious.

5- desert ( tres leches was moist and airy)

Wait a minute 

2) and easy, likeable menu, 

2) Second-hand smoke 24/7.

Hualapai Legacy & Skywalk add-on $65.07

The one ingredient they need but dont have....honey. 

I also got the diced potatoes while hubby tried the the hashbrowns. He also got the fluffiest Buttermilk biscuit to sop up the gravy.  He raved that everything was homemade.  Note: You have to eat the biscuit before it gets cold.

- Any of the omelettes

     Our waiter (which I shall call the Lord of all Waiters) came to bring us water and ask if we wanted anything to drink, we had both decided on Sangria, and he encouraged us to get a pitcher--I always enjoy an enabler. While he brought back our pitcher and delicious, but not Too sweet Sangria, we ordered the Artichoke heart appetizer. He even had this split for us so we didn't have to portion the starter ourselves. The hand grated Parmesan, Artichoke hearts and arugula were outstanding. Both my mother and I had already started commenting on the greatness of the flavor combinations. 

There's no secret BS. They take you in the back and point out exactly what is wrong with your car, you have a choice to fix it now or in the future. (No Pressure) 

Hushpuppies are so darn good, that could had been my meal. Tried the jambalaya, gumbo and a crawfish pie thingy (don't remember the name but it was delicious!). All of it was so dang good. Was it spicy? A little but in a very good way (not too much heat). Topped our meal off with some very yummy beignets. I just can't say enough good about this place! The kids here very happy with their meals and just the overall experience left us all in a very good mood.

It was a nice medium size lunch which is exactly what I wanted. Both my clients had been there before and like the place as well. Next time I'm in the area, I'll go again.Stumbled upon this amazing spot on my recent business trip - Everything about it was exceptional. The ambiance is very cool, almost swanky. The highly attentive and well trained staff look like they were hand picked from a J.Crew catalog.  Bar area is stadium seating with cool high ceilings, and comfortable plush  leather seats.  Even the bathrooms were minimalist class in stone grey w/recessed candle cubbies. Food is as amazing as the ambiance - Cajun Chicken sandwich was one of the best I've had. Reportedly good burgers with melted in to patty cheese and salads. It was so good on my last day and given there are many other eateries to try in the area I was drawn back to the same place to see if they could repeat the performance.  They did and it was actually even better - amazing team service - awesome steak and turkey sandwich and some unidentifiably delicious mashed potatoes and mystery gravy. Really impressive - I will be backWhat a dinner.I picked this place because it was very close to my house, and the reviews on Yelp were relatively good. I am only disappointed that I didn't try it sooner. The wait staff, hostesses, runners and bartenders were friendly, courteous and quick to smile; everybody seemed genuinely eager and happy to take care of the guest's needs. The ambiance is trendy casual without crossing the line to pretentious. The lighting is warm and inviting but low enough to still provide an intimate feel, and the dark woods used throughout the restaurant help lend a subtle sophistication to the atmosphere.The menu is quite large and can be almost overwhelming, with entrees ranging from salads and sandwiches to burgers and steaks. My date and I decided to start out with an appetizer and, although the guacamole and chilled cheese with chip special sounded good, opted for their shrimp cocktail.The shrimp were perfectly cooked and served with a cocktail sauce and a mayonnaise-based jalapeño sauce. The cocktail sauce was really horseradish heavy, which we both loved, and really tangy. The mayo sauce seemed odd, as I thought it was tartar sauce, but turned out to be a very good, subtle accompaniment to the shrimp. It was so good, in fact, we were dipping our forks into it and taking bites of the lettuce garnish from the plate. The staff also added an extra shrimp (the menu said seven were served) because there were two of us sharing.For dinner I chose the bleu cheese crusted tenderloin, rare, with broccoli as a side. The steak was cooked right on the border of bleu, which is how I think a rare steak should be served. The bleu cheese was slightly melted over the top of the steak, forming a cap, and then either brûléed or browned under a salamander. The meat was tender, moist, well seared, and more flavorful than most tenderloins I've had. The broccoli was also very well cooked, sitting in that zone right between crunchy and soft, and very well seasoned.My date had the Ono in a light citrus bur blanc and honeyed carrots. The fish was wood grilled perfectly and the sauce added a bit of needed fat and acid without overpowering the subtle flavor of the fish. The honeyed carrots... Wow; the carrots were fantastic.For dessert, two caramel lattes and the gluten free chocolate soufflé cake. The coffees were stellar, and the texture of the cake had me doubting it was gluten free. The chocolate was extremely rich, still warm, and the cool creme anglaise was a delicious counterpoint to the dark, earthy chocolate.I've had dinners half as good at three times the price. An impressive first outing to the White Chocolate Grill. I'll be going back again soon.Really good food. Fair prices. Nice decor. Bar area is really nice. Service was solid.

Their cheese is thick and you can tell that it's been cooked thoroughly from the browning top layer. I think the fact that they hide the toppings under the cheese makes it a plus! No topping falling anywhere because the cheese keeps it all together!  Definitely a hidden gem discovered ..Love this place! It's not the best area but the pizza is quality (just trashy and greasy enough to not be fancy). I just wish they delivered and I hate that they nickel and dime you with ranch but it's still good pizza. :)There pizza is the best I've had in a long time. You don't have to ask for extra cheese! There's plenty. Also they don't put a lot of sauce on it! Perfecto!! I don't give anything a five star but I think they are the best!Love their food. It's my favorite place to order from on lazy sundaysDannnggg!!! Hella gooood!! I order a peperoni, jalapeño pizza and it hit the spot!! I don't know if it's the sauce, cheese, bread or pepperoni but it was good!!! These little mama pops pizza shops seem to always be the best.I'm going to miss Manhattan pizza. They do deliver to tropical and pecos. I love their garlic knots (they're more like balls, but nonetheless lol) and their curly fries are always delivered crunchy which is hard to come by. They always deliver in 45 minutes or less, so that may be why they don't seem to deliver to other yelpers.Best pizza around and a very diverse menu.  The Gyro is highly recommended.  It's not in the best location, the area is pretty ghetto and the people around are not very hospitable.  The staff however are very friendly and helpful.First and foremost, being a native from Brooklyn, NY, THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A BROOKLYN-STYLE PIZZA, THAT IS THE SILLY, MARKETING IDEA OF THE "BIGGER" PIZZA CHAINS....CAPICHE?!?!  Everytime I come to Las Vegas I come here.  When I walk in it is as if I am back in NYC, I just want to bottle up that smell and take it with me.  The pizza here is the closest I will ever get to a NYC STYLE PIZZA.  I love it and I recommend it to anyone who wants the true taste of a NYC pizza because this is where it is at.Absolutely delicious pizza... Easy to order online for pickup.I love their pizza. From the crust to the cheese,and I mean cheese!  Not to greasy, just enough flavor,with a hint of garlic. Delicious! !!I want to take this Taco Shop home with me. This is the first Mexican place I've been to where they had a little "hot sauce" bar. Sort of like a salad bar for hot sauces, veggies for your tacos, and those awesome jalapenos, onions & carrots.I had the steak taco, torta, & chimichanga...all top notch delicious! They didn't skip a beat in the way they marinated their meat, the pico de gallo they added and all the extra toppings. Plus, they're open 24 hours and have a drive thru. Love you Roberto.These Mexicans know how to make some great food! There Burritos are the best I've ever had, the Chile Rellenos are the bomb, and I love there Tamales! I wish Metro Detroit had one of these Taco shops. Gracias !!As far as an inexpensive but still really excellent burritos is concern, this Roberto's is the best out of the ones (the others are located in the SW) I have actually tried.Unlike the other locations, the burritos served here comes to you nice and hot. The burritos is packed with the filling you ordered, and not with rice and beans.  The burrito I love ordering here the most is Lengua (tongue), it is simply the best.  I actually went here for lunch and again for dinner after my class in the same day.  And they do serve Shrimp Burrito at this location.They also have a simple fresh juice bar, where they will squeeze fresh oranges or carrots for your real fruits and vegetable juice.The decore is not impressive, although a crew was in there tonight to do some remodeling. So next week, when I go back, the interior may look a lot more presentable.  They still have a few arcade games in there, and the jukebox too.  The salsa, cucumber and other garnishes are still available in the self served bar.The staff here have no problem taking my order in English. The drive through is pretty active, but I didn't see a huge crowd in the store or in line for the drive-thru (could be the late lunch and late dinner times I was there).Parking is not a hassel here. Location-wise, I would recommend it to any CSN student attending classes or works at the Cheyanne campus and others in the area.  I would not recommend driving to North Las Vegas if you live or work too far away just to eat here.5 Stars for delicious burritos, good value for the money, and nice hard working staff in the kitchen.Yum!  So good!  Decent price, great food, huge portions... I ordered the Beef Chimichanga and was not disappointed... I will be back!!My favorite day is 99 cent taco Wednesday's!!! Staff is so friendly and my order has never been wrong. Extra cheese please only green sauce and always correct. Unlike other Robertos!  Best one on my side of townHonest and Trustworthy!  Fair prices & true to estimated completion times. Primarily collision repair, but have a mechanic to handle vehicle servicing. IMHO, best mechanics ever!This location is now on 440 W Sunset in Henderson behind the Chevron on Boulder Hwy. We took our 2005 Durango that needed lots of help paint etc. and they did suck a super job that we have since picked one up and dropped off another. There are no working on our 3rd car. I don't want to jinx it but they are great. Excellent people, fair prices and great job. We can not happier.So let me start by saying I HATE working with auto body repair shops and mechanics for the same reasons as everyone else... You always feel like you're getting hustled or taken advantage of, whether you are good with cars or not. This place is NOT AT ALL like that!Winners Circle is the first honest mechanic/body shop I've ever worked with- ever - even before I moved to Vegas. I have a car that I wouldn't trust with just any shop. I spoke with 4 shops for the repair. 3 were trying to take advantage of the situation. 1 was an honest shop that went WAY beyond the call of duty and the price was beyond fair- this one. Both the owner and manager handled the situation like I was family. And I saw them work with everyone else in the same way. I'm still amazed at how I was treated. The guys working in the shop are also collaborative and were a pleasure to work with. No one was too rushed or too important to answer any questions. I sat in the lobby for about 20 minutes one day because they were so busy. I chatted with some other customers and they all said the same thing- this place is the only shop they trust.I am so pleased with their service that I'd be happy to share my experience with you if you send me a message. They were that good. I have no affiliation with anyone at the shop. We're not golfing buddies, family, neighbors, or anything like that. They just blew me away with their service and anyone who doesn't take their car here is missing out on a completely different auto repair experience.[REVIEW FROM THE ROAD]Oh my god.  (Rental) Trucker Heaven!SITREPShift-change, and I'm riding shotgun once again, so I can say what an awesome travel-center I found Petrol to be.THE SET-UPWe got gas, but I went inside to buy a small cooler size of ice.  Pedro of Petrol, "you got your own container - and keeping things green with a reduced carbon footprint - so get the ice you need!" - and so I did!THE AMENITIESPerhaps it was because we were just outside Vegas, or perhaps because we were traveling that stretch of I-15 to Salt Lake City with a kicked-up truckers' presence, but dam if this place doesn't bring tons of services:* Private Shower stalls you can use;

I highly recommend HTC to anyone wanting to get a body piercing. I haven't gone anywhere else to get pierced, buy body jewelry, or ask questions ever since I stepped foot into this place.HTC is the cleanest, quickest, coolest piercing place I've been in a while! Matt greeted us right away and got me set up with Andy, who is probably the most efficient piercer I've ever dealt with! He quickly walked me through all the steps, and next thing I knew I had a perfectly placed nose ring! He made it so easy and uncomplicated that you don't even have time to feel nervous! 

Imagine my excitement when I opened the envelope to find two tickets on Frontier Airlines to Las Vegas. First thing in the morning, I Googled everything Vegas. What to wear, how was the weather, where to eat, what shows to see. I'm one of those planning types and since I don't get out of Armor too often, I wanted to be prepared.

I had a small qualm with being charged for something that I shouldn't have that was Immediately remedied by Vincent at the front desk.  When I left this information in my review for the hotel  a staff member almost immediately got in touch with me to ensure a level of utmost satisfaction.  

I had the Reina Pepiada and Yuka Fries. 

and please don't go here. they r disrespectful 

- Sardines

This place is always busy btw.The first time I came in to Archi's I honestly thought I had been transported to some adorable cafe in a tropical place with comfy seats and plantation shutters. But this was Thai so I didn't get it.NEWSFLASH: It's like delicious Thai food in a super comfortable setting..which is not always the case.The Chicken Satay is always my starter. That peanut sauce you get with it, oh man oh man! I then usually stick with the Basil Beef #1 level spicy because I am a little baby and can't handle any spice. A friend of mine was under the impression she didn't like Thai, until I brought her here. Guess what??!!  After she had the Pad Thai, she was HOOKED. A week later, she insisted we go back. I try and tell people that I have stupid good taste in food, but it's like pulling teeth to get people to believe!THANKS ARCHI'S for not making a liar out of me!I'm from San Francisco where we have plenty of great Thai Food. I rented an exotic car in Vegas an while driving around got the hankering for some Thai and through Yelp ended up at Archi's... FAVORITE Thai spot to date. The pricing for what you get is amazing. I've never taken leftovers from a Thai food place but here I only finished half and spent the same as I would have here in the Bay Area. Can't wait until the next time I go back so I can make my return to Archi's Bistro!I'm not into Thai food, but everyone else in my family is. We've been going to Archie's for years. We used to drive up from Henderson to the place on Jones. We live in Mountain's Edge now, not far from the place on Rainbow. The food is excellent, according to my family. I usually opt for Pad Thai, soup and Freid Rice.Let me just say this... If you like Thai and are in vegas....go here! Foods always great! service is good! Ive always enjoyed it.. This place have been around I would say 15yr it used to be a drive thru on flamingo and jones areaI like food.  This Thai restaurant is like authentic Thai. I like the chicken ka pow, hoi tod, everything. I've been going to this restaurant since they opened.Favorite Thai place in town! Great wait staff, clean restaurant, best pad thai by far. Never have to wait long for food, very reasonable pricesThis place has numerous awards for a reason. There pad Thai is awesome! I recommend the shrimp pad Thai!Excellent food I am happy that my son did research and choose this place service is greatI love this place. I really wish they have one in OC. All I know is that everytime I come to Vegas, I have to stop by every single day I am in town. Everyone I recommended this place to rate them a 10+. I recommend the Pad Thai, Pad Se Ew, Prok Fried Rice, Beef Salad & Papaya Salad. To die for. The prtions are supe generous too. Most importantly, everything is super Fresh and quality meats.  For desserts, try the coconut ice cream with sticky rice, yummy!Their food is like CRACK!!!  Best Thai food in the city hands down. Pineapple curry and Pad Thai are amazing. Love their service and quality!!Super! Tried their Panang chicken and Chicken Satay - both delish and tasty! Panang chicken curry was so creamy and bursting with coconut curry flavor with just enough heat to make your taste buds tingle - not over powering by any means. Chicken satay comes with a creamy thick peanut dipping sauce, again super tasty - ordered an extra serve of rice as they didnt have a dinner portion.  Both dishes were enough for two and still had some left over.Best thai food in Vegas!!I love Archis! Every single thing I have ordered had been delicious and I have been coming here for about 5 years.  The lunch specials are great (comes with small soup, salad, and wonton) for about $8.The service is always quick and I've never had to send anything back or had anything I didn't enjoy.  Great for takeouts on those days working late also!Their portions are good size too!Archi's is one of my favorite restaurants to go to here in Las Vegas. Both the Sahara & Rainbow location area awesome! I can't explain how much I love their food. My ultimate favorite here is the Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp. The broth is absolutely incredible! I've never tasted so much flavor in a soup. Everything about it is pretty delicious! :) I also love the Chicken Pad See Ew - again, filled with flavor! Coming here is a MUST!Archie's has always delivered every time I've ever eaten there. They consistently make good food and have good service. I personally like the chicken fried rice and the beef pepper steak. The flavors are mouth watering. The wor won ton is delicious too! Can't ever go wrong with a bowl of soup. Overall one of the better Thai food places in Las Vegas.We ordered the pad Thai the spicy basil with chicken and the pad prik king with beef. It was all wonderful and the price with 2 beers was $40 before tip. Unless you like it real hot  ask for your food 1-3 on a scale of 1-10. We ordered 2 of the dishes as a 3 and one as a 5 and the 5 was way to hot for us and my wife could just handle the 3. We will absolutely come again!My favorite Thai food in Vegas. Can you please open a location on the east side! Great lunch special too!Had the Combination Seafood Green Curry, and it was amazing!  Service was friendly and, with some minor shuffling of waiters/waitresses, very knowledgable of gluten free needs for someone with Celiac. Can't wait to go back!THE best Thai food I've had!! We don't have this back home in California, so I always make sure to get Archi's when I'm in Vegas. Faves: Pad Thai, Larb, Penang curry & of course their humongous glass of Thai Tea. Everything I've tasted here was good. Please open up in California!!YUMMMMM!!! I picked up the Ginger Ginger Ginger lunch special and it was amazing! Perfect amount of food and the flavors were great. Not too much ginger and the right amount of spice. I will definitely be back.After reading my fellow yelpers reviews for this place we decided to come here for Sunday dinner. We were not disappointed. The Ambiance was great, it was clean and inviting (liked the window shatters).The  Service was good and timely. We were seated and served right a way'The food was delish! I got the Beef Pad Kea Mow, loved it!

Huge room! Absolutely beautiful. 

The waffle cone was perfect...some crispness and a great texture...not to hard like most shops. 

Gnocchi

The coffee here is roasted right on premise and tastes delicious! The atmosphere is welcoming and comfortable- the perfect place to work, have a business lunch or a great cuppa joe! The baristas are friendly and each cup of coffee is hand made with TLC. They really go to great lengths at Echo to provide an outstanding product. They also have a yummy sandwich and salad menu all made with fresh, local ingredients. So BUCK the BUCKS and grab a CUP at Echo coffee!Everything about this place was great - people, coffee, service, etc.I cannot wait to get some beans to try at home.I know for a fact that all pastries and food are made with all natural or organic ingredients and are made in house fresh every day.  as for the baristas they are all quite knowledgeable and professional in their craft. I love this place.ella makes the most wonderful cappuccinos in the valley!very chill place to relax or to use their wifi.steve, the owner, appreciates all his customers' feedback!I went in for the first time on Sunday. I loved my Iced Latte and the service. The place is happening, and super cozy. I met the owner, Steve, and was super impressed! He is very friendly with the perfect dose of smarty pants :) I will definetly be back!!! Loved it!Love this place. Personally I like modern, contemporary styles of coffee shops. If you are looking for that atmosphere, you should try this amazing coffee place. People are super-friendly here, the latte tastes awesome.

On my first visit I tried the gumbo and crab cakes. Not only were they delicious, but the presentation of the crab cakes is adorable with cursive L's drawn in tasty lemon-garlic aioli. Everyone in the group was pleased with their choices. Some people in our group were a little surprised by how spicy their meals were. Word to the wise, if the menu says "spicy" don't take it lightly! I had the bread pudding for dessert, and it was tasty too! Everyone agreed that one highlight of the meal was the bread. It is sliced thin and lightly grilled. The bread is pillowy and has just the right amount of crunch. Yum! They also have a nice selection of Abita beer. 

There was huge selection of colors, designs, glitters. They have it all. I called ahead of time and was able to go over right away and be seen.  The salon was quiet and calm. It was a very relaxing experience. I was offered water the second I walked in, was seated promptly, and was still finding a color for the next 5 minutes while the tech started removing the existing gel polish. I will be a returning customer.  I am so thankful for Yelp. I read multiple reviews between Friday night and this morning. I gave another salon a quarter mile closer to my home a chance. But after getting an answering machine, then driving over to be a walk-in, only to find the salon closed when their hours on Saturday were 9-?, and I stopped by after ten. So Excellent was my second choice and it was meant to be!!!! I have been looking for a new nail salon/tech. My work schedule changed two months ago. I work on the west side of town and my old nail girl was close to my office in Henderson. 

I was blown away by how awesome this place is! I felt so welcome and like Family. I signed up the same day and I'm SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

You can explore the culinary world here... North America, South America, Europe, Asia.....

crumbles all went together so well. Lastly, we order a bbq burger with all the toppings the bread literally melted in your mouth, it was phenomenal. I'm so glad we decided to stay the food was great, the atmosphere was great and the service was outstanding.  I've been recommending this place to anyone and everyone who will listen!!!It's everything you would expect from Guy. Outstanding. Huge burgers full of innovative flavors and sauce combinations. I had the turkey burger and have been back twice to order it again. You won't be disappointed. Delicious. If you like Guy, you will love this place.Went there thid weekend. Amazing burgers. Best I have had. My husband ordered shrimp tacos, a little small. Order the burgers servers was amazing...Went here twice! Long story short, food was amazeballs. Try it out if you're in Vegas!Long story short made long:

.I recommend Merts for some for good, hearty Southern cooking!OMG! SOOOOO good!! The only place I have had better collards is at my mothers house :) Amazing!The Salmon cakes are the best item on the menu. I pair it with cabbage as my side. The cornbread is sinful and it is served with honey butter; a perfect combo! I visit Mert's each time that I am in Charlotte!I cant say enough good things about this place... To sum it up.. If you haven't been GO NOW!!! It is perfection in every bite! Especially the fried catfish and collards!!!!I was so glad that they were open on a Sunday night since that was my only night in town. When I arrived it was really busy but they found a table for me right away (table of 1 when it's busy-waitresses nightmare!).The atmosphere was really relaxed and fun. I was seated close to the food window so it had a great diner feel to the place being so close to the chefs. I ordered the Fried Catfish based on reading the reviews and looking through the pics and I very much anticipated the arrival of the "Yelp famous" cornbread. It did NOT disappoint!!! It was cooked perfect and was moist and fluffy. The sweet butter went quick and I had to ask for more (which they brought right away). The catfish was superb and tasted surprisingly light and the remoulade sauce....I mean come on! It was so tasty! I had the Mac n cheese and green beans as sides and they were fantastic. My dinner with a drink was $17. I wanted to keep eating but alas I couldn't keep up with the southern portions but made a more than valiant effort!My waitress was working her tail feathers off and was extremely kind and attentive.Great price, great food and great service. I had the Jumbo wing dinner that was accompanied by (slap yo momma) mac n cheese and collard greens. I wasn't particularly thrilled about the collard greens but they were played nicely and taste fresh. I will be back again!!!Found this little Gem just passing through to Savannah GA and what a find it was!  Always looking for the next best thing Me and my little Chicklet stumbled into this eclectic little cafe drenched from the storm that suddenly popped up as we went in started a conversation with 2 strangers so comfortable was the atmosphere the hostess thought we were a group(we had never met) As we were settled into our table the vibe was filled with all the soul you could expect!  But oh how good was the food the corn bread and catfish were to die for but the best thing for me was the good buttered fried cabbage something that makes my mouth water as I think about them. One last thing the server hostess and even kitchen workers made time to speak this was a Top Notch surprise for such a quaint place thanks Chandra you took great care of us! We will return with empty bellies and bring friends. Merts Heart And Soul of CharlotteIf you are in downtown Charlotte and want a taste of the south Mert's is a must.  Casual atmosphere, great food, and amazing personality.  Ask for Lato'sha as she is amazing and won't lead you wrong.  Mert's is a part of Charlottes history and definitely worth the experience.My group of four was seated immediately after walking in, and we were completely done with our entire meal in 25 minutes. We ordered and received our food within 5 minutes of each other. I ordered the southern fried chicken breast with sides of macaroni & cheese and mashed potatoes. The food was incredible! Quality soul food. The restaurant itself is pretty small, but it adds to the overall feel of the place. The atmosphere is very intimate and southern with a home-y feel that everyone can enjoy. I had an incredible experience here and I wish I lived closer so I could come here all the time!!Amazing!!! The sign from the street says EAT. Not till we walked up to the door did we see the logo for Mert's so it's a bit tricky to spot while driving. Our waitress, Latosha, was absolutely amazing. She was helpful, friendly and funny.  She had us laughing every time she came to our table.  My husband ordered the fried chicken and I had the creole salmon.  Both were really good. The home fries were a bit too greasy but the yams, Mac and cheese and collard greens were all excellent. The corn bread was served pipping hot, with butter.  I will definitely come back again when I visit Charlotte.Mert's isn't necessarily what you'd expect to find in the middle of Uptown, but man the food is excellent! It doesn't lack that casual southern character that makes you feel at home, especially with all the waitstaff in t shirts and jeans. 

Everyone who was picking up their babies was happy and more than pleased with the grooming (the groomers make these fur babies look like they are ready to walk onto the front cover of Dog World Magazine in my opinion!  And I have been to MANY groomers.....and now that I have found Groomingdales I will not go elsewhere.   

With many food varieties, it is hard to choose what to eat.

Nicole took the time to listen to my wishes and effortlessly pulled that of! :) 

when I bored I could watch Dancing Water

12 oz Bone-In Filet, $38

We had a party of 13 dining in.  Our order was spot on perfect.   And the staff was outstanding !This is my local In-n-out, I come here usually at least once a every two weeks for the last year if not more. You can definitely put this place in my top 3 foods. The burgers are delicious cooked made fresh to your order. I usually get chopped chilies no onions for that extra zing on the burger. Top with a shake. The customer service here is always amazing, never have I experienced a rude employee or even irritated looks. Management seems to really care about customer service and kudos for that!! This location usually stays busy in the drive through so expect a wait but if your a normal in-n-out enthusiast or fan you would already know there is a wait. I give this place 5 stars for being one of my favorite locations and burger joints. Enjoy...Best burger for your dollar hands down. Fresh French Fries, Delicious shakes and  low wallet damage equals five stars! Despite running into the expected long lines often, they move fast. Always friendly service and the ability to make...adjustments to your order put In-N-Out on the top of the burger list if the need for a fast one strikes. Oh yes, and the location right off the 95 and lake meade is great for convienence.worth the waiting in line for the delish fresh burgers & fries. animal sytle fries & protein sytle burger with extra grill onions are what i usually orderedNo complaints. All around good. Convenient location. 

Local Food Options: Breads and bakery items are made locally.  Produce is purchased from local farmers during their growing season. 

.Thanks Taylor and Kwvin. I am really thriiled with getting this awesome, quality Civic!!!Our Honda van has been acting weird lately and we could not open or close some of the doors on a certain day.  We called Findlay Honda in Henderson on last Friday afternoon to see if we could come in without an appointment.  They said it could be the battery and that we could come in for them to do a battery test.  We came in, the technician took our van right away, told us it would take 30-45 mins since they were very busy. He called me not long later that one cell of our battery went bad and since our battery was still within warrantee that they would replace it at no charge.  So I came back an hour later, the same technician recognize me from a far, brought me all the receipt and the van key.  I call this great customer service.  All of our van doors work great now.  Thank you.This is one of the nicest auto places i have been to. Now I'm no car junkie or all that knowledgable about cars and auto shops, on the contrary, because of my luck with locking my keys in my car and having an equal share of car troubles, I have seen the inside of a few varying car care places and dealt with several mechanics. This Findlay Honda, wow, the customer service is definitely top notch. I had come in to get a recall taken car of on my car. Now even though the service was a little over 3 hours, i was prepared for it because i brought my laptop and was comfortably seated in the lobby area which has couches, and enough space for everyone while we wait for our cars to be taken car of. The second thing that really stuck out to me is that there is a small section designated for children to play if necessary. I also really like the vouchers that they give you for a bagel or coffee from the little snack stop that is located inside. I think that this is a very nice addition for the customers because the car service may take a while to be completed. this time i came to the dealership for new breaks and also a routine oil change, and i was originally under the care of George Green, he graciously let me know that I was Myrons customer and that Myron would continue taking care of me. I thought that is was great customer service as well. Both of these gentlemen were extremely professional and have definitely helped me take care of my car to the best of my ability.My breaks were making a weird noise so I gave them a call and they said to bring it right in. Apparently because of my hub caps dirt gets caught, so he offered to spray them down for me. He said it will be a few minutes so I went inside to buy a snack. I just returned from inside and someone gave me a water. Which was a really nice gesture. Then not even 5 min later the service guy walks over telling me he took a look and my breaks are find. He cleaned them up and I am good to go. I noticed they even put my car through the express wash too. Such a good experience. I will be back.Walked in and explained everything I needed. Harris,  the sales manager is very understanding and Vince,  the sales consultant who also helped out made my test driving experience awesome. I would recommend this place.I would strongly recommend using Steve Acheson for purchasing your vehicle. He was kind, patient, and did not miss 1 detail!! This is very important to me. I feel we did an excellent deal & Oscar from financing went above and beyond for us!! Great experienceIt's rare to get service like we just did at Findley Honda in Henderson. Our guy was Roger. Our starter had some issues with the computer failure of some sort. (Our car is push-button start). He quickly got us in a loaner and had the car fixed by the next morning. Incredible job!This was my first time here and everyone was super nice! The service advisors were very friendly, knowledgeable, and patient when answering questions. I was in and out within an hour and I especially loved the courtesy car wash!We recently stopped by Honda to look at cars.  I was prepared for an anxiety inducing stressful experience.  I can honestly say that because of our car salesman Jay, my boyfriend and I had such an enjoyable time.  His friendly charismatic disposition and knowledge of cars made our purchase a stress-free experience.  We are forever grateful for his patience and willingness to find us the perfect car!  We highly recommend Honda dealership!  Ask for Jay!Just Bought A Brand New 2016 Honda Accord! The Place Was Nice and So Were the People. My Agent That Was Helping Me Was Phenomenal! His Name Is Mike Cabrera. He Was Hella Cool, Nice  And Really Took The Time To Make Sure I Got Into A New Car And He Did! I Highly Recommend Anyone That Wants A New Car From Findlay Honda, Go See Him!I've been servicing my Honda at Findlay Honda since moving here over 14 years ago. I've always received prompt and excellent service and very courteous treatment. I feel comfortable that I am not being sold a bill of goods to compel me to buy unnecessary repairs. It is a pleasure to do business with them.The widest selection of various beef jerkies I have seen, with all the various spices anyone could want.  Also specializing in exotic game jerky, such as buffalo, venison, elk, gator and so on.  The hunters sausage  was excellent.  They also have deep fried whole peanuts with spices...something I had never seen before...you eat the whole peanut, shell and all and it was pretty tasty!!!  Tons of samples are available and the staff there is super friendly and knowledgeable about all things  jerky.Jeana...thanks for your enthusiasm, the great jerky, and advice on the insider secrets for what to eat n do in Vegas!!  Will definitely return for more great jerky the next time I go to LV.Also, if you are a hot sauce fan, you must check out all the extreme hot sauce stocked here that I have not been able to find on very many shelves04/31 /11.  Oh my this is the best moist jerky I ever had.  I had some kind of smoke cherry flavored.  Variety of jerky flavors.  Will be back or can't wait for the website to order some more.  A bit pricey but worth every cent.What a fabulous stop!!  A little off the beaten path for Vegas, but the business is in a great location.  The service is unbeatable... especially for Jerky Outlets. Janice who helped us out and let my wife and I sample some of the jerky was an outstanding sales person.  The visit was fun and a must stop for jerky fans.  It was fun to try out the exotic Kangaroo and Alligator jerky and we ended up getting some great deals with as much as we purchased.  Thank you.  Visit them when in VegasBH and I stumbled upon this joint whilst venturing outside of the Vegas strip on our way from Starbucks (in the same plaza) to Bachi Burger.  While driving away, coffee in hand, I pointed at the sign and literally yelled, "JERKY!!!"  BH screeched the car to a halt, parked, and we walked into a paradise of dried, cured, jerked meats, fried peanuts, sweet popcorn, and various types of sauces and coffee.  BH and I are crazy about beef jerky.  We originally thought alien was the place to go until we came here (the mom and pop shop near mammoth is great, too, but a little too far and out of our way since none of us ski/snowboard).  The lady who worked there was awesome and very sweet.  She explained the various types of meats (softer jerky in the refrigerator aisle) and the medium to harder jerky were in the barrels along the wall.  She said she would be happy to let us sample any jerky we wanted.  We tried about three - blazin' hot beef, maple smoked beef, and the cherry smoked turkey.  The beef is a lot softer and more flavorful than the turkey. The maple smoked jerky is TDF.  Slightly sweet, a little smoky, and very tender.  The blazin' hot smoked beef jerky is my next fave.  It isn't too spicy at all (but I can handle my heat).  The lady kept asking me if I was okay and if I needed water LOL. It is about $22 per pound. We ended up getting half a pound of blazin' hot and a pound of maple smoked.  We also grabbed a few bags of the cajun spiced peanuts and the peanut brittle.  The peanuts are fried whole so the shell itself is crispy and edible and are $3.99 per bag.  It's unlike anything I've ever tried! Since BH and I are total gluttons, we ended up going BACK to the Jerky Outlet. . .not once but TWICE for a total of three visits.  We bought an extra pound of blazin' hot beef jerky for a total of 1.5 pounds of blazin' hot, another TWO pounds of maple, for a total of 3 pounds of maple, and an extra bag of cajun peanuts and five extra bags of peanut brittle for a total of 11 bags of peanuts. . .We also got two bags of the popcorn for BH's co-worker.  We spent over $100 on jerky and peanuts. . .and a little bit of popcorn.  Crazy?  Yes.  But we're crazy about jerky (and I guess peanuts too!)Just got back from Las Vegas and went to the Jerky Outlet. My grandson had bought some Peanut Brittle, whole peanuts in shell and loved them so much we had to go back.  I hadn't tried them but took his word for it so I bought two more bags.  Well, I love them as well!  We've already eaten all of them.I called this evening and spoke to Gina, she was very nice and said they can ship them out to me!  Yay!!  So now I ordered six bags.  I wanted my friends and daughter to try them but oops, they're all gone!!  : (( I know they're not for everyone, the shell texture is alittle weird at first but once you get over that, they're very addicting!!Can't wait to receive my package!!!I do not know exactly how many folks I've taken to Mark's Cafe (f.k.a. Culinary Solutions Cafe).  I can tell you that Chef Mark - with decades of Executive Lunch/Dinner experience - will blow your mind and "ruin" your palette.  Many of those that I have taken to this phenomenal Breakfast/Lunch/Catering cafe have gone back on their own - without me (when then can get away with it).  My favorite dish is impossible to identify, but my favorites remain any of the Eggs Benedict dishes, or the Friday Night Dinner's.  (BYOB!)  This is a perfect local spot to impress your clients.Go eat breakfast there. Diane is a fantastic server and Mark makes delicious food. Highly recommended.We have now been to Marks Cafe multiple times and have enjoyed each visit equally. The food and service is outstanding and the atmosphere is relaxing. My only grip is that it is a little small. Food is worth the wait!!My family and I have been coming here for years. It used to be named the culinary cafe. The eating area is small so I'd stick with groups of four or less. The recently renovated the place and the decor is much more modern. It looks great and inviting now! The staff is always friendly. I love that you can here the chef singing in the kitchen. You can tell he loves what he does and it reflects in the quality of their food.I always get their eggs benedict. They have several varieties that sound amazing but I always go for the regular version. I could not ask for a better eggs benedict. LOVE IT! My mother ordered the raspberry french toast this morning. I had a bite... SO GOOD! My dad ordered chicken fried steak. He ate the entire thing so he must have enjoyed it. The food comes out fairly quickly but not too quickly where you question how much of the meal was made prior to ordering.I have only eaten breakfast here but from what I hear, everything they offer on the menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner is delicious. I recommend trying this place. Also, they do cooking classes here! I've always wanted to attend but haven't gotten the guts to try it. I would love to learn the chef's hollandaise sauce recipe...The Hubster & I have been on a Tour of Arizona Eggs Benedicts and we currently have Mark's Cafe as #1 for Traditional as well as Specialty! Personally as a Breakfast joint if you can't make Eggs Benny... Then you shouldn't have a Breakfast Menu! #1.The Traditional has a VERY NICE slice of Heaven... Ohh wait I mean Canadian Bacon compared to what other un-named places call a "slice". #2. The Hollandaise Sauce... If I could ask for a To Go Soup container of Marks Hollandaise Sauce I would totally do it! Its magical... I'm not sure what he does differently but its easily the best Ive ever had! We prefer Brunch vs. Breakfast so one morning we drove in to Tempe from Gilbert (Far I know! LOL) & arrived at 1PM for Breakfast. Even though they close at 2PM there wasn't a single bit of rushing us at all, unlike those "other" places. The food has been PERFECT every time, no matter what we order! Menu Recommendations: Traditional Eggs Benny, Southwestern Eggs Benny (I prefer it with the English Muffin vs. Biscuit), The French Benny *Special* Croissant w/ Prosciutto... Lets say OMG! Banana Pecan Pancakes, Cajun Chicken Club w/ Cajun Fries! This Local, Family Owned & Operated Restaurant.... ROCKS! Its worth the drive where ever your coming from! ;-)My buddies and I were in Phoenix  last weekend for our time-honored Spring Training trip and were led here by Urbanspoon (yes, some people still use it).  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but set aside your skepticism - it's a perfect breakfast spot with perfectly reasonable prices.  We ordered from the entire breakfast gamut - eggs benedict, chorizo breakfast wrap, waffles, kielbasa/swiss/egg scramble - and found winners across the board.  Our waitress even had the good sense to warn my friend that an additional short stack order was unnecessary - one pancake would surely suffice.  She wasn't kidding - this pancake was bigger than my face and nice and fluffy.Get the word out about this place - their FB page is "Saving Mark's Cafe" so I'm not sure if they're in danger of having to close down...hopefully that's not the case because it would certainly be a damn shame.My wife and I have been to Mark's at least a dozen times in the last 6 months. Fantastic breakfast spot. I've had a few of the different eggs benedict, but my all time favorite is the French Eggs Benedict - it's served on a wonderful croissant instead of an english muffin. Absolutely perfect.We stopped by one time for their Friday night dinner, and truthfully were disappointed. After loving their breakfast so much we had high hopes for the dinner. While it was delicious, it wasn't quite up to my expectations; perhaps the breakfast set them too high. However, we will continue going back for breakfast as we can!The staff is always friendly, and is quick to recognize you as a regular.Amazing food at this simple place in an Albertsons strip mall. Me and pops will be regulars.Great Food and very friendly service, will definitely be coming back to try lunch and dinner.  Breakfast was really good.We used to do our weekly sunday breakfast at Chompies.. that was until I got serious food poisoning from them and vowed never to go back. This left me and my family in quite the pickle... we love local breakfast places but hate chain restaurants. One morning while driving around to find a new breakfast spot we found Mark's... tucked away in a little corner of a strip mall. As soon as we walked in i could tell it was going to be good, the customers were so happy, and the employees were super nice. The food is simply amazing, chef Mark is a wiz in that kitchen. Everything I have ordered from here I would eat over and over again. My favorite is the hollandaise, it is the best I have ever had!! I recommend this place for anyone looking to break out of the restaurant rut.What a great name for a restaurant in my biased opinion.  I've tried to come to Mark's Cafe several times, and have failed.  Maybe it was for dinner, a Monday, a Tuesday, or that two weeks when everyone went on vacation.  But I never gave up.  I was on a mission to try this local favorite.  And I knew today was the day.  It was even getting close to the 2 pm close time.  But I was determined.  Luckily, no secret hand signal was needed to enter.It was Feb. 14th and the cafe was decorated for Valentine's Day, not with something corporate concocted with branding and mailed over, but by a real human being who went to the store to buy supplies.  It was a really nice touch.I ordered the cajun chicken club.  I was in the mood for a club, and I wanted to put Mark's Cafe to the test.  It is easy to make a bland club sandwich.  I also ordered the fries instead of the chips.  The fries were of the fresh cut variety.  And a small plastic jar with a spoon and ketchup was presented with the fries.  The sandwich was really good.  The chicken was moist and coated with Cajun spices, which was complimented well by the lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise.  The bacon completed the sandwich.The server was attentive and stopped by a few times.  Mark could be seen loitering around.  I was there past 2 pm, but no mention of this was made.  If you are looking for that local feel, Mark's Cafe is your restaurant.My wife and I stopped into Mark's Cafe today for breakfast.  My wife had the 3 egg chorizo plate and I had the bacon and egg frittata.  I loved my meal and so did my wife.  It came out fast, hot and fresh.   We both ordered sides of bacon and they were  also fantastic.  The coffee was very good which is a huge part of an enjoyable breakfast in my opinion.  We tried both reg and decaf.  This place is a small little restaurant in a corner space in a shopping plaza.  It is clean and family oriented.  Mark's isn't a fancy place but it's not trying to be.  It's a small cafe serving excellent food at fair prices.  If you're looking for a good breakfast in a comfortable environment then this place should not disappoint.  In today's world of big chains and "take a number" mentality, it's nice to eat at a place that not only serves excellent food but does so with the care and attention that let's you know that your patronage is valued.Before we left we had an opportunity to speak with both the owner (Mark) and his daughter.  Very pleasant, caring and genuine people who are committed to their business and the quality of their food and service.  Folks, this place just had their 10 year anniversary.  In the restaurant business you don't make 10 years if you're not doing something right.   We will be back and we will be recommending this place to friends and family as well.PS - We enjoyed the music.  Nice to have the positive encouragement being conveyed through the music being played.I had breakfast with 11 other people here for the first time and we were completely blown away.  The service was spot on and my Scottish Eggs Benedict was amazing.  Everyone's food came out promptly and the server was very friendly and accommodating!  Everyone in my party raved about their food and asked if we could make breakfast at Mark's a regular thing.  We'll definitely be back soon!The Mexican style wrap was prepared and displayed well and it tasted fantastic. They're gravy is delicious, coffee mediocre, but drinkable and the waitress had to be the nicest most comical person I've ever been in contact with at a restaurant. Next time I'll try the chicken and waffles, the waitress took us on a "visual journey" to see them and ended the conversation with, "they taste so good make you want to slap yo mama!"While you won't find Mark's cafe on a "best of breakfast" list don't let that detour you.  They must not have eaten here because the Scottish Eggs Benedict with salmon and hollandaise sauce was amazing. Much better than some upscale places I've been to over the years.  Definitely worth your time and will impress!Small lite cafe in a strip mall, put the decor aside and go in and enjoy the wonderful food and generous portions.  Eggs Benedict is the house specialty.  Good old school breakfast that also is open for lunch.You would miss this place if you weren't looking for it as it is nestled away in a corner, but definitely glad I was looking for it! The staff is extremely pleasant, on top of things, filling coffee as needed an offered suggestions when ordering as a first timer. I had the California eggs Benedict. A buttery croissant topped with smoked salmon, sautéed spinach, avocado, tomato, two poached eggs and their spicy hollandaise sauce. Perfection. Or, as the waitress suggested "life changing". I also had a pumpkin muffin to start which was grilled adding a crunchy,  caramelized awesomeness. I will definitely be back and will bring some friends to tackle the raspberry French toast.Diamond in the rough. This was our first time to Mark's, it won't be out last. We came for breakfast based on a recommendation we were NOT disappointed at all. The service was friendly and always with a smile. We were invited to sit wherever we liked and immediately were brought water. The eggs were cooked and seasoned perfectly, the most amazing part of breakfast was the pancakes. They were huge, airy and cooked all the way though. They had amazing flavor and really hit the spot. This little cafe in Tempe is a place that should not be missed.I've never written a yelp review until now specifically because I had such a great experience at marks! I live in San Diego and went while visiting for Christmas. The food was so delicious, i got biscuits and gravy and a country fried steak- so good. Not to mention, the service was awesome! everyone was so unbelievably nice and our waitress was cracking us up the whole time. Thanks so much for the experience guys, you da bomb.Friendly family environment, I eat alone a lot and they let me sit and read my book and enjoy coffee before my meal.  I can only speak to the breakfast items and have loved everything I have eaten here.  I do love a good hollandaise sauce and Mark makes a few good ones.  Also, the eggs are cooked perfectly!  It is always clean and usually busy, but that busy never interferes in the awesome attitudes of the whole staff.  Thank you Mark's for being a class act!Went for lunch with my GF. Super-friendly (but not pushy) service, and good, simple food. Had the mulligatawny soup and the grilled chicken sandwich. Both very flavorful, served very hot. Bread for the sandwich was perfectly toasted.If you just want lunch, and don't care if it's overly fancy, this is the place to go. Tasty food and a great all-around experience.We love finding rests rants that are hidden gems! So my best friend and I decided to try this place out!! They have an indoor and outdoor dining area, the indoor area is kinda small but feel homey feel. They were a little busy at 930AM when we went and only had one server so it took about 20 minutes to order. The food however.... Was amazing!!! I have the Raspberry French Toast and my friend has some kind of Spinch, Tomatoe and Oregano Fritata! I will defiantly eat there again, regardless of wait time! The staff was also very friendly and personable!This is my 3rd visit here. It is our favorite Sunday breakfast spot! It's a tiny corner cafe in a strip mall. Pretty nondescript (these are usually the best places)... Seats about 40 people inside and 12 on the patio. Skipping to the good stuff, the food!!!! I've not had anything here I didn't like! The pancakes are the size of hub caps, coffee is bottomless, service is very friendly and accommodating! If you like eggs Benedict, I highly recommend the French! It has prosciutto ham over a fresh croissant, topped with hollandaise sauce. Ask for the spicy hollandaise to give it an extra bit of a kick;) If you like scrambles/skillets get the kielbasa scramble.  Get there early, there is usually a wait by 11am!Sever Amber is the official "taste bud whisperer!" Ask her when you are stumped about what to order. Also Chef Mark will customize your meal if you have a preference or food allergy. Love that he's so flexible!If you're searching for a breakfast or lunch spot for right now, drop what you're doing and get here before 2 pm! They close at two and are also closed Monday and Tuesday. I love a twist on eggs Benedict, you may have seen that if you read some of my other reviews. Today I tried the southwestern Benedict, made with spicy hollandaise, chorizo and topped on a delicious biscuit. Super yummy! Also wanted to try a pancake so I ordered one cake with their banana and pecan deliciousness in the side. Also amazing! The pancakes are giant, you have been warned. The potatoes that come in the side are also amazing. Super flavorful!

You know you're at a real genuine Quebecois orchard when they take you around the estate in trolleys driven by a tractor, and that's exactly what we got. Not all apples are fit to be picked depending on the time of year and organizers make it really clear from which aisles you can pick. Once you are done fighting for ladders and finding the reddest roundest fruits, you hop back on the trolley and are promptly driven back. First off the place is great if you have kids, they can hop onto tractor tires, check out horses and goats and a albino rabbit (aw) and then get lost in a small hay labyrinth! You will be tired by now, so sit back under the apple trees and enjoy their food offerings such as squash poutine, apple fries, squash fries, pie and especially apple doughnuts. MMMmm you can smell them from the road, and sprinkle them with cinnamon. To prolong the experience, pick up some delicious homemade cider and pies at their shop!It is a beautiful September morning. I'm having with my coffee amazing apples and oatmeal apple cookies acquired at Lacroix orchards. The farm is awesome, they have an extensive variety of apple sorts and I couldn't stop eating the honeycrisp one as I was filling in my bag with apples. They have everything you may need to keep kids and parents happy: playground, picnic tables, food, cider tasting counters and store, where you can buy apples if too lazy to collect them yourself. The food counter has nice selection, the squash fries and poutine deserve to be tasted, but they are not as good as the potato ones. What we fell in love with are their apple donuts, if they were healthy I would have eaten a dozen of them. I also obtained a bottle of sparkling ice cider that tasted great. Beware of the endless crowds and car congestions if you try to go there on a sunny day during the apple picking season, but this is to be expected. Verger Lacroix is not to be missed!I came here looking for a good cut and defiantly got one.  The haircut was $16 and is a bit more than what I was used to paying, but it was worth the service that I got. The fade was better than any I got at my previous barber and the customer service was 1,000 times better.  Thank you DerrickTop barbers! Great customer Service! Friendly environment! I have been coming here for years and got a haircut from each barber. They all are great!!Great service! Had a good talk with my barber Derrick while he was cutting my hair. Great environment and good price! Definitely will go back.Best hair cut I've gotten in a while. Staff was super friendly. Definitely prefer going here instead of the bx. I wouldn't trust those people with grooming my dog.Great place, staff is awesome and friendly.  I recommend to anyone!  They welcomed me right away, they are professional and take their time.  Good conversation, talented and courteous.  My experience was pretty good!Best cut ever! My husband is very picky about his hair, he likes a high and tight with a little length on top. They did a great job!Angel is absolutely amazing. I wanted to change up my hair style a little bit, cut it but nothing to extravagant and Angel knew just what to do. Then when I told him that I wanted to add color to my hair but not loose my hair color all together he had some great ideas of putting low lights in my hair and did an amazing job. He is definitely my permanent hairstylist from now on.Angel does an amazing job at giving his clients what they want. He listens to what the client ask for and gives his honest opinion. He doesn't rush through the appointment and enjoys what he does. He has been styling for a few years and each year he gets better and better with his technique. I know when I am in a bind he is always available to fit me into his schedule. He is skilled in a wide variety of areas such as extensions, coloring, cutting, blow outs, keratin treatments and so much more. Angel is a great stylist I always recommend him to all my friends!Recently had my hair colored by Angel and I am soo happy with my results my hair is stubborn but this wasn't a problem for him! He is a sweetheart and extremely talented! I highly recommend him!!Angel is absolutely fantastic!! He did my ombrè a few months back and he nailed it! He does an amazing job at cutting hair too! Great personality, I would definitely recommend!! :)Mr Rekey is the most professional locksmith I've ever used.  For personal, for business.. you name it, they can do it & do it well! Not only are they helpful & fast but affordable too!I used MrRekey when I purchased my new home and the locksmith was professional, courteous, and friendly.They arrived on time and provided excellent service. I used them again after a contractor lost a key and they again did a stellar job!I would recommend the service to anyone!Fast, Friendly-- This place is on the money!Great pizza for a reasonable price. Very creative to offer take & bake and makes dinners much more efficient.We've had their pie over six times and have yet to be disappointed. It is fresh and delicious very time. They are also accommodating to special requests. Fun!Great pizza for a great price.   They have a wide menu, and everything is made to order right in front of you with fresh ingredients.   People are nice and friendly.   Unlike many pizza places,  everyone looks nice   Not all the tats and piercing.I was so excited when I was their store sign go up! I usually get my flavored oils and vinegars while driving thru Cottonwood once a year. I'm so glad i can now purchase them locally. I love that you can taste the flavors before purchasing. The owners, local Laveen residents, are friendly and love talking about how to cook with the oils/vinegars. I have purchased four flavors and use them for making salad dressing, for dipping bread, and as extra flavoring for grilling veggies. I also bought a dessert vinegar that I like to pour over fruit. Yum! I saw the owners at a local event, Second Friday Laveen Art Walk, and they mention that they now offer  their space for events and small parties. Great for a girls night out, wedding shower, etc. You can byob.  You got to check them out!So hard to choose from all of the wonderful oils and balsamic. Very friendly and helpful owners as well!If you want the variety of oils and vinegars, this will be the place to go.  Great products and the owners are great people.  Check them out.I loved this place and was so sorry to see them close!I don't know where the went or if they even re-opened somewhere, but the selection of handcrafted oils and vinegars was stunning.They are still open at www.thedippingwell.com Their oils and vinegar selection is AWESOME, and they provide great customer service!!Great service - I was in the Holiday rush and had to leave work early to get a present - I called twice to verify that they had the shoes - each time they picked up on the second ring and were helpful even though I called the first time with the wrong size lol ( how typical boyfriend of me). Leo ( she was the store manager on duty I think) was so helpful got me in and out and had the shoes waiting for me on the front desk. We have always went to ALDO in fashion show , however we'll stop in at the LV boulevard location for now on. They were so efficient - even during the holiday rush!Great service! I thought one of the employees was cute. Hahaha but I finally got my first pair of ALDO shoes at this store.I came to this location for the first time. I was greeted by Tia, as soon as I walk-in. She offer to help me as soon as I had found a pair of shoes. I ask for many pairs of shoes to try on and she gladly helped me without any complaint. I ended walking out with two pairs of the same shoes, thanks to her. Thank you Tia for your help!!!Wow.  I can get fresh produce and everything I need to make awesome Asian noshables--AND fill up my tank at the same time.  I think I'm in love.I mostly come here for their deli In the back of the market (as one yelper has gone more into detail with). They have good bbq duck and chicken feet. The market itself is well stocked. I usual pick up some ramen, seaweed snacks, and asian pears. The gas is a plus and its usually the same price as pdq. This place is the only one of its kind! I know of people whom travel here from the eastside of madison just for the deli!A very good selection of quality cigars and accessories. Priced reasonably. The staff is exceptional and friendly. They have a vast variety of specials and events a must try.Great products and great service! Thanks for the kind greeting and welcoming atmosphere joe!This is an OUTSTANDING Cigar House.  It has a double walk in humidor with a large selection of premium cigars.  Joe the Manager is a wealth of information, if you're not sure of what type of stogie you're in the mood for he will nail the perfect cigar for you.  Wow,  I stopped in here last week to pick up some cigars for my husband.   We had a family wedding and I added some cigars from The Cigar House to our new home humidor.  The cigars that Joe suggested for to me were a huge success,  my guests and husband are cigar smokers so when I came home with cigars they at first got mad at me.  They claimed I had no idea what I was doing and I should not be picking out cigars.  Well let me tell you ... I looked like a hero ... THANKS JOE !!!   Everyone one enjoyed the cigar choices Joe made for me and raved how fresh the cigars where.   I was being asked questions from these cigar enthusiasts and the biggest questions was "Wow Where did you get the Cigars"!!!  My husband just looked at me and with a huge smile and said "I don't know how you pulled this off but the cigar selections and quality of the cigars is outstanding"
