Waiter we had was kind of shy and never found out his name.

* Some kind of chocolate cake and molten peanut butter confectionPhenomenal food! With the restaurant's pricing, I was expecting the food quality to register just a notch or two above what's available at Outback Steakhouse (the filets were only USD$30 each). But when I cut into my tender morsel of red meat goodness and chomped down on that sucker, boy, was I pleasantly surprised! Perfectly charred on the outside, just right in the middle, and superbly flavored. And the rest of the food was equally as good!Compared to certain overpriced and overhyped rooms (i.e., the "fine" steakhouse located inside the Bellagio), The Charcoal Room is a breath of fresh air.So far, I believe the best steak in town is offered at Del Frisco's. Second best can be found at Craftsteak inside the MGM Grand. Third best is served up at Fiore's Steakhouse inside The Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino. Fourth calls Delmonico's at The Venetian its home. The fifth best steak is delivered by the talented folks at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris Las Vegas. And sixth best? You guessed it, The Charcoal Room. Not bad for a "local's" restaurant, methinks.Overall Rating: Excellent

We will be coming back!Service fantastic! Food excellent! Unfortunately, they did not have the corn bread pancakes ready in the morning. I think it's usually a lunch thing so if you go and try it, review so I can hear about it.. Since I won't be in Vegas anytime soon. :o/PS. The best thing they had was the grilled biscuits. Freakin' heaven on a plate!!Meal started with cornbread pancakes -  very good - tender, crispy on the edges, with that great conrmeal texture.Ordered the full order of fried chicken - freshly made, excellent preparation - hot, crispy and great flavor.  Had the mac and cheese, red beans and rice and fried okra - all good, mac and cheese and red beans were authentic southern style and particularly good.Also had a half order of the short ribs in BBQ - tender and well prepared, very good.All in all a great southern style soul food meal - high quality and definitely had that homemade quality to it - recipes tasted like family home cooking.Breakfast menu looked very interesting as well - may go back and give it a shot.This place is very diner in style and decor - a bit run down but reasonably clean - perfectly appropriate for the type of food and price point.  Service was good and wait staff was very friendly.Recommended for soul food and family dining.we went to m &m's because of the reviews we saw, and i am pleased to say it was the TITS!  They have koolaid!! but i got the sweet tea, yummy!  my grofriend got the fried chicken half order with red beans and rice and mac and cheese.  and i got the BBQ chicken half order with okra and potato salad.  Her fired chicken was good but the red beans and rice were kinda blah (meaning just ok.)  the BBQ chicken was falling off the bone good! and the okra was awesome.in summary we recommend getting the half orders because its just too much freakin food!  p.s. it was alot cleaner than i thought it would be.  its in a grody looking strip mall.One of my buddies took me here Monday and I was impressed with the service and grub. My menu selection was the smothered chicken with sides of mac & cheese and rice & gravy. The muddy water (lemonade and iced tea) was also quenching. Oh yeah, how can I forget the tasty cornbread!i love there cornbread pancake! MMM

La salle est sympa (même si notre table était un peu trop proche de l'entrée, et donc du courant d'air), rien de particulier en plus.

Few things:The half sheet is a huge square cut monster that'll feed a large family

Juices are great as wellFinally tried this place and I was pleasantly surprised! Fresh salads and they're all good. Not a big menu, but a huge variety. They have fresh smoothies and juices. They have pides, sandwiches, and other dishes. Don't come here if you're in a hurry and looking to grab something quick. Service is awesome, but they really do take their time making everything. If anything I'd suggest calling for pick up. Check it out!In Vegas this past weekend and would much rather eat off the strip at locals places and super glad we stumbled upon this place based on Yelp reviews. First off if you are looking for table service and white linen this isn't it, but if your looking for fresh food and some pretty reasonable prices then this is it. They have a great menu with lots of choices from breakfast items, lunch and dinner possibilities as well. I decided to split the Ahi sliders with a couple scoops of the black bean corn salad on the side...my daughters got the breakfast bowl and my other ones got the turkey sandwich. All of them equally sad this was one of the better lunches they have had in a long time.  All the ingredients were so fresh plus they have organic and gluten free options as well. For us we went all gluten LOL but enjoyed every bite of this meal...the service was also very good and the older lady working here was very nice and came out and ensured everything with our meal was fine. Glad we found this spot and would highly recommend you do as well.The place has pretty good ambiance. Good music. The people were friendly and we're willing to help us through the menu. Green walls definitely ties into the healthy vibe they are going for. My wife got a juice that was made right in front of us. It tasted pretty good. Little pricey but still good.

It is a bit pricey, but worth the experience.This restaurant is up in the Eifel Tower at Paris Casino which offers one of the best views of the heart of the Las Vegas strip. It over looks the famous Bellagio water show. If you're taking a date request one of the tables against the window so you have front row seats to the water show while you eat. The food very good, I had the filet mignon. Wine selection is excellent.Highly recommended for a romantic dinner.Great food and good service. Prices aren't that bad for Vegas standards.I had the shrimp cocktail and the steak salad. Both pretty solid dishes.Kids salmon is also pretty good.The strudel and coffee are awesome!CheersThe dinner seating and view was fabulous. However, I think the menu is a little pricey.* Sautéed Loup de Mer, Barigoule, Braised Artichoke, Basil Pistou $54 (4 of 5) Tasty sea bass without bones. This was a tasty piece of white fish and I really enjoyed the braised artichoke. * Sautéed New York State Foie Gras, Slow Braised Pineapple, Alsace Spice Cake $28 (3.5 of 5) I really enjoyed the seared foie gras and braised pineapple, but I didn't think the spice cake complimenting the dish. I didn't think the texture of flavor complimented the dish. Overall, This place is beautiful and spectacular views, but to be price conscience, I will just go back for drinks and dessert.Went there on Valentine's day, and they have a special menu for that day. Food n drinks were really good except the desert. Great customer service. Reasonable price.It was our first visit. We got lost, it was so hard to find this place but it was worth it. Very pricey but delicious French dish. The restaurant is up towards the building, we had to take the elevator by the receptionist. The bathrooms had employees serving us with paper towels, offering perfumes and waiting for tips. The service was really good and friendly. We had the Beef Wellington and roasted Chicken and Potato Gratin. They were all good. But I didn't like the potato Croquette. The desert soufflé was good also. Prepare to have a fat bill even for a couple. I spent more than $300. Half a dozen roses cost $30 and a small photo cost $25. I would still comeback coz I liked the food.I always love coming to the Eiffel Tower Resturant. Have to take an elevator to the resturant from the casino which opens up to the kitchen then around the corner to open resturant overlooking the strip. Food is very good and the wine is what you would expect from a French resturant. Great for romance or business.This restaurant has mixed reviews and it seems tied to how much people have paid.  We come here for brunches/lunches where the price point is not that high though there is an inherent pressure to have a drink.  Our favorite has been the french toast in a quiet place with good views and overall pleasant staff.The view from the restaurant is amazing. The service was pretty good, but the food was on another level. A very good restaurant for someone who wants to exploreCame here for dinner with my wife for our first anniversary. I ordered the char-broiled Filet Mignon, Rossini Style. Regrettably I ordered it medium (old precaution from other restaurants), but it was still excellent. It was very tender and tasted excellent. My wife was also very pleased with what she had ordered.Overall it was a very good meal and a wonderful romantic atmosphere.The food here was very good, I wouldn't say it knocked my socks off, but very good.The service was excellent, very attentive staff kept our drinks filled and frequently checked in on us.As others have noted, you're paying for the views of Vegas strip mostly.  I think the experience is worth the price.  But don't order drinks. $20 for a cocktail is away over the top, when you could put that $20 in slot machine downstairs and get free drinks.Food was good but not necessarily what I consider over-the-top as their prices reflect. Definitely paying for the view which is pretty awesome. Biggest complaint we had is that there is a dress code for men and that doesn't seem to be advertised anywhere. Women can pretty much show everything but guys better have on long pants and socks or you'll be given a pair to put on. The socks were new. We all hoped the pants were laundered in between wears..."go all the way to the tower...find out the secrets behind"while it's no secret that this isn't the real Eiffel Tower, the secret is this: reasonably priced food and a surprisingly relaxed atmosphere. not things you normally expect of the French, or their Vegas colony, but nice to see.the spicy lamb burger is hefty, juicy, and packed with flavor. get it. do not pass go. proceed directly to the lamb burger. it does not disappoint. FOR GREAT JUSTICE.service was friendly and fast.the view out on the Strip is tough to beat, especially when you see the Bellagio fountains going off. worth it.We had a romantic brunch here w/ an amazing view overlooking the Bellagio fountains. The food was a bit overpriced, but I knew going in we were paying for the ambiance and food would come second. We tried the basic brunch items such as eggs benedict and French toast. The standout item was our dessert: Frozen strawberry soufflé w/ grand marnier and pistachios. Absolutely divine!!At the end of our meal, it was a nice added touch, when we were given an array of chocolates to choose from.Definitely an experience.  I've always drive by this restaurant and wondered what it would be like to eat up there.  I finally got the chance to take my bf up here for his birthday.  Great place for an occasion or romance.In order to make a reservation, you need to give them a credit card.  Interesting.  The view is beautiful.  You can go see the strip at sundown and the Bellagio fountains.  The tables that we were seated near the window is very tiny.  Barely have any room. I liked how they had a bread tray to choose from 4 different types of bread.  I recommend the rustic; more Frenchy.Service was good, not excellent like what I expected from a high-end restaurant.Wild Escargot on Sweet Garlic Souffle:  I wouldn't have known  they were snails.  Didn't look like it didn't taste like it.  For an appetizer, it was extremely tiny, smaller than my palm. Lamb chops: Umm...that price for 3 bones of lamb? That is seriously outrageous although it was mighty delicious and it melts in your mouth.

I'm a newbie, and have tried the Patriotic Mix (strawberry , vanilla, blueberry, cherry, etc.) and the Cheese Pickle. Both are good, I found the pickle just a little overwhelming, but nobody would argue it lacks pickle flavor! I'd order both again, and will be trying other flavors soon!They are now open 7 days, which is great!I was originally introduced to Popcorn girl when I received a gift tin as a thank you a few years ago.  Inside the lid was a sticker for 1/2 price refills.  Score- I love popcorn!  I took my tin in and tried about 10 flavors trying to decide what to refill it with.  The girls were very nice and patient as I tried all this stuff.  I decided on the Denver mix that time and have been back many times in the years since.  The refills are still half off!  I always get a mini corn confetti (all the candy flavors) to go along with whatever concoctions or gifts I get that month.  In addition to all sizes and types of tins, they have cheaper cardboard boxes for different occasions (like teacher appreciation) that you can fill with bags of popcorn. They also have yummy salt water taffy, old fashioned candy, and fresh fudge.  I love this place, but find the prices for some of the flavors a little too high.  Not that that will keep me away.Cool popcorn store with so many different flavors of popcorn. The people working here were friendly enough and suggested I try samples since I didn't know what I wanted.  I eventually got the creamy cheesecake and regular caramel popcorn...delicious! I'll definitely be back to try other flavors.Freaky people and your new fangled snacks! Do you remember being a kid around the holidays and that giant tin offlavored popcorn would just randomly show up?... The flavors were usually cheese, carmel, and butter. Well, up until recently this was the hat trick of popcorn flavors, but one Las Vegas lady has thrown that old dusty popcorn play book out the window!Popcorn Girl is leading the charge of the popcorn revolution. With flavors like; Southwest Hot Wings, Loaded Baked Potato, and the always intriguing Dill Pickle, she shows no signs of sanity or slowing down. While I was here I enjoyed the Oreo and Birthday Cake flavors. The Oreo was insane, I mean how do you get the cookie flavor with cookie chunks mixed with popcorn?... In the words of Jesse from Breaking Bad, "Yeah, Science Bitch!". The Birthday Cake just as crazy, but my favorite for sure was the Oreo Popcorn, truly addicting.When I first walked in the smell wrapped me up and gave me a big ol' hug, It's a savory/sweet aroma and it puts a hunger spell upon you. As I walked around I couldn't help but notice huge wooden barrels all over the store filled with salt water taffy. The taffy, of course, was mostly non-traditional flavors like cupcake, bacon, and cinnamon strawberry swirl?, I think that was a flavor, but I could have been popcorn drunk. This location also offer pre-packed deals for those of us who can't decide on a proper flavor combination or amount. Sizes range from small to large and the prices seem pretty fair when you consider what you're getting, a large tin of sugar coated popcorn. You can customize any popcorn order with a specialty box or the classic popcorn tin. Popcorn Girl also ships orders across town and even the country! Boom, you've found a gift for that person who has everything! I would recommend coming in here a least once a month, if not more, because just like the seasons, Popcorn Girl is always reimagining and trying out new flavors. P.S. - I only have store photos. I ate my popcorn snacks before I could take a proper picture!Oh goodness! Look out my fav popcorn store, you've got some serious competition here.While waiting for our table at the Cracked Egg, we stopped in to this spot, which is located next door. It's not as pretty as my other popcorn store, but it's got more to offer.Over 50 flavors of popcorn! Savory, sweet, and everything in between. And you can mix and match to your heart's content. And you can sample as many flavors as you want. And the prices are very reasonable. (In other words, much cheaper than my other popcorn spot.)Around the store, there is also a variety of candies and gift tins and boxes. So they make it uber easy to throw together a nice, tasty gift for someone. They also have many creative fudges. And all the popcorn and fudge is made in-house.I left with a large bag (but "small" according to their size scale) of 4 different savory flavors - hot wings, loaded baked potato (bacon!), white cheddar, and jalapeno ranch. So so so tasty! And for less than $5!So yeah, I think I've got a new favorite popcorn store...Oh my sweet Popcorn Girl.  The source of snacks sure to endanger my waist line.  The popcorn here is so addictive that I found a way to incorporate them into both my personal life and my work life by convincing our sales reps to hand the mini-bags out as goodies.  It makes my heart jump with joy to order 100 mini bags in various amazing flavors.  Of course, a good portion of them never make it out to our clients because they are happily gobbled up by our staff.They have several different options in the way of popcorn.  There are the savory and simple flavors - these are cheaper and usually consist of seasonings and add-ins.  There are the decadent flavors - more expensive and involving chocolate or caramel.  And then there are the candy coated flavors - priced between the previous two kinds.  These are good if you're a kid or if you love SUGAR!In my opinion, the more decadent chocolate and caramel flavors are nice treats but a little too pricey to enjoy regularly.  The regular flavors (labeled under the misleading "Cheese Flavors" on their menu) are where the party is at.  There are clear leaders in this category: Southwest Hot Wings, a tangy cheese flavor with a nice kick, and Movie Theater Kettle Corn, a super buttery, crunchy sweet snack.  Movie Kettle is the crack cocaine of the flavors.  Seriously.  You will not be able to stop - if you think Lays Potato Chips had something special with the whole "betcha can't have just one", I'd challenge you to "betcha can't just eat one bag of Movie Kettle."Dill Pickle, Mac and Cheese, Loaded Baked Potato, Cinnamon Toast - they're all amazing.  A couple of flavors have been a miss for us including Sour Cream and Chives (should just be called Chives) and the limited time Baconator (apparently there IS a limit for how much bacon something should have).Popcorn Girl also offers indulgent varieties of fudge, with plenty of free samples to make sure you're picking the best one to assist your slide into a sugar coma.Of course I had to make a stop into popcorn girl.

But we were there to learn whether the food is really good or not.  The bread was wonderful.  We were given a serving platter with bread and a bread knife, and this was left on the table throughout the meal, allowing people to cut bread if they wanted more.  We all started with the "fresh mixed baby greens", which was a very refreshing and copious salad.  My three companions all chose the same main course -- the lamb shoulder -- and pronounced it delicious.  My main course was the only thing offered to vegetarians -- Pasta Acini -- but I have to admit that it was delicious.  It consisted of tiny rice-shaped pasta, well coated with a green sauce that I think was made from zucchini, and in it were also tempura zucchini flowers, figs and almonds.  Creative and yummy.

Terrible paint and lighting. Can't even hang out for long. (Maybe that is the idea.) Don't like high booth stalls much.

No free coffee etc there (there is the coffee inside your room which I never care for).

- Wear long pants because the engine will get hot on your legs

This is where you sit it out while your wife is across the street, shopping at H & M.You never know how long a woman is going to be in a shop, but if it's a Saturday, it's a safe bet she'll be in there a while. Thus, my election to use the time wisely, visiting TK's Urban Tavern. Four stars for my attentive server who was quick to notice I was chugging beers like this was a high-school kegger, minimizing any 'down' drinking-time between servings.Her swift and attentive service allowed me to enjoy an afternoon of shopping I normally wouldn't have otherwise. The chipotle shrimp appy was pretty tasty too.

5 ***** star service from our waiter Joey. Not only was he very attentive but he had such a great personality. He knew everything about the menu, very detailed about his favorite items on the menu, and was even more impressed how he explained them. Great energy.Food:

He also recommended for me to try Vietnamese coffee (it is iced coffee) and it was very good. Kind of strong and very sweet.

Check it out and enjoy the good eats :)SO GOOD!First time here, and it is so good! The best way to describe MOD Pizza is a fancy Subway, but pizza. You make your own pizza to your liking. Personal size pizza with any toppings you want?! Who wouldn't want that! Even though it is so packed the staff was still very nice.The only downer is that the seating is horrible. The seating inside was "family style" seating, or you were on a stool looking out a window, not too bad, but is was so busy you couldn't hear anything. The outside seating is really large, but the tables are all ready falling apart. The table we sat at needs to be in the trash it was wobbling all over the place.We can't wait to go back... for carryout! Maybe we will try their fancy salads next time!Went to Mod Pizza for the first time tonight with my son. We are both very picky about pizza so I wasn't expecting much. I am glad to say it was delicious!  Even my son loved it. All the toppings you want ant no extra charge was a plus, and love that they make it right in front of you. It only took about 5 minutes for them to cook and they were so tasty. They also have parmesian,  red pepper,  and oregano shakers at the tables, which was nice. Seating was a little awkward but not enough to keep us from eating there. Will definitely return :-)It looked a little trendy, so I thought it was going to be expensive, to my surprise it was actually a great value. Me and my wife were able to share an $8 pizza!The crust could have a little more sustanance, the employees a little more enthusiastic but in the end we had a pretty good pizza.A star was lost because the outdoor seating area was crawling with spiders! Please spray the area. Parking also is a premium here, park  behind the building next to the side of Costco, always plenty of spots and you won't have to walk.I first saw the concept for this type of pizza place in San Diego called project pie. Mod pizza is pretty close but if they really worked hard and used really high quality ingredients and better soda selection, they'd be 5 stars just like project pie (see my review from earlier this year). Still, mod pizza is pretty good, and I'll probably be a regular.We have been to MOD pizza 4 time now for a quick pizza and beer. We love friendly staff and the fact you can get any toppings on one pizza for less than $8. The pizza is tasty thin crust and is done by the time you find a place to sit, great for the price. San Tan beer was great but the wine need some more aging.

Skyzone is a lot of fun for the whole family and the Skyrobics will kick your butt into shape!I come to this place a handful of times! For what its worth I think its reasonable for the price, $10 to go jumping for 1 hr for first timers and $9 if you come more than 1x. They also do that special for 10 hrs you could buy for $60 I believe so its worth it if you go all the time.They got a friendly staff. They provide you with ankle shoes so you dont go spraining your ankle but that still has a slight chance you will also. They got a snack bar and lockers to put your belongings in. The only thing that does suck is you cant use your own shoes any more. Overall its a great place to bring your friends, family and kids for a get together!THis trampoline place is so much fun!! I tried to drag my husband into coming with me, but all he did was sit and watch. he refused to jump. OK, so I jumped and made cartwheels, and had a great time. the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars wa sbecause I made a flip and hurt my neck. so be warned: if you cant land a good flip, don't try it alone. go to sa gym, learn to do t in a controlled enviorment, and then you can try it alone. :)Whew!  What a work out!This place is really fun!! Jumping on trampolines makes you sweat you booty off; especially with good music playing!!  It's so much fun it doesn't feel like a work out.The outside of the building looks like a big industrial warehouse-type setting.  You can't tell what's inside by the look of the outside, so don't be fooled!When you walk in, you are greeted by the really cheery and friendly staff.  If you've never been there before, they explain to you how the whole thing works and they tell you what you need in order to get your jump on.There are 3 sections (from what I observed).  The first section is for toddlers, the second one is for adults and they have another part sectioned off for trampoline dodge ball and other activities that this place hosts.  By looking at the pamphlets and pictures on the wall, I saw that they have a kick boxing or work out class that they do as well!I was hesitant to try it out, we gave it a shot and I had a blast!!  If they had one by where I live, I would definitely sign up or visit the facility all the time!I will definitely come back to this place when I am in town!I'm sure you've experienced this one too many times in Las Vegas.  So you've eaten a lot at one of the many buffets in Las Vegas and felt really lethargic and you feel like breaking a sweat.  Instead of walking around under the hot desert sun and avoiding those guys who tries to hand you one of those hooker flyers, I decided to Yelp a recreational gym or venue where you can have a fun workout.  As always, the iPhone Yelp application rescued me.  I read a few of the reviews for Sky Zone and decided to check it out.  The building looks like a warehouse.  It's situated between a furniture store and a skater shop.  I decided to take a quick peek to see what this place is all about.  I walked up to the counter and asked about their open jump session and how it all works.  The friendly worker informed me that it's $9 per hour or $5 for half an hour.  Also you have to rent their trampoline shoes (I didn't even know that there are trampoline shoes) for $2.  Since they didn't have my size (I wear size 15 or 14 with a 4E width) they said that I can just go in and jump without wearing my regular shoes.  My big feet saved me $2!  Woo hoo!  So we decided to try it out for an hour.  They'll have you sign a waiver for liability purposes and place a big sticker on your shirt so you know your start and end time.  They also have lockers to store your personal belongings.  There's a toddler section on one side, an open jump area (this area is also used for their fitness classes), and a section for dodge ball!  The people in there were going all crazy with their dodge ball games.  I'll have to try that next time.  I must say, after jumping and flipping for 30 min. to some good music, I was already exhausted.  But it felt really good to break a sweat!  This is a fun place to jump around and if you have toddlers or kids and you want to have them jump all over the place in a safe environment, this is a good place as well.  It's padded all around and there are staff members to help you.Thank you Yelp for helping me find this awesome place.  I'll be back to play some dodge ball.  Go Average Joe's!this place is really really fun! dont underestimate the extremity of the work out you'll receive. this place gets you TIRED! it's very safe and just 10 minutes in you'll realize how difficult it is to hurt yourself jumping on the trampolines. i REALLY like this place but they HAVE TO regulate the little kids running around. There were a few times where I'd be jumping pretty high only to see a little kid try run under me. maybe eventually i'll rate it a 5 starAs a self described lazy person, I decided to change things up from my typical Las Vegas debauchery and food come eating habbits to do something active in the desert for once. We found Sky Zone after reading some reviews so my buddy and I (who are huge coupon whores) added Sky Zone as a friend on facebook and scored on their $3 off admission and headed over to check it out.Cool moon shoes + an injury waiver= AWESOME TIMES The whole place is a giant trampoline broken into squares so you and your friends can have your own little area. There is dodge ball on the far side but you dont have to get involved if you dont want to. Just jump around, race your friends, or try and bust out some flips. Its SO exhausting. We lasted for maybe 5 minutes before we had to sit down and an hour is a LONG TIME. We would probly do the half hour next time just because we're so out of shape. Seriously awesome stuff, as a big kid, I have to say its pretty fun to just let it all bounce out and fly around. Everyone is like a kid in here!I took the kids here today. They had a great time. For the price you cant complain. Staff was mostly immature 16 year olds- no management on site. Bathrooms absolutely filthy. Trash bins overflowing. But definately a good place to spend with family having fun. The kids begged me to stay an exra hour. I suggest going early and doing the waiver online; by 7pm the line to get in was out the door. Very unique place, basically a 5,000 square foot trampoline.So fun!!  A bunch of us adults took a bunch of kids and we had just as much fun as they did -- if not more!  At first I thought "only an hour??"  But by about 45 minutes into it, I was sweating like crazy and felt like the next 15 minutes were gonna be pretty rough. ha! What a great workout, though.  So much fun, you hardly even know you're getting exercise til you're sore the next day!  Give it a try!I would give it 5 stars if I didn't have to wear the nasty ugly shoes they provide!  Yuck!!This place is pretty AWESOME.I was finally able to come out here with a few of my friends after hearing about it from my brother. It's actually quite far from where I live, so it was hard to persuade people to actually go.The place just looks like a giant warehouse. It's not fancy or anything on the outside. Just a sign that reads: Sky Zone Recreational Center. When you enter there is a desk where you sign up and pay. You actually have to sign a waiver, just in case you destroy yourself. We paid about $15 each for two hours. It's normally $11 per hour , $14 for 90-minute jump, and $17 for 2-hour jump, but they had a promotion going on that day. We also signed up for a raffle that they were to draw that night. We got out kicks, which were freakin' awesome! I wish I had a pair of those at home. They look so cool and have some major grip!Before we entered the jumping zone, we were told all of the rules. They made my boyfriend take off his hat, which kind of sucked because he has 2.5 feet long dreadlocks that were being enclosed by the hat. We didn't have a rubber band or anything for his hair, so it was just flowing freely and whacking me in the face!We jumped into the jump zone. It was a little weird at first. There is so much bounce and I kept almost falling down. We got the hang of it pretty fast though and we were soon jumping off the walls and TRYING to do some flips, which we failed at. We all started getting pretty tired and VERY sweaty from all that jumping around. I looked at my phone and only 30 minutes had passed! Jumping around uncontrollably really is a workout. I can honestly say that my whole body, from my chest down, was very sore the next day. We kept jumping and jumping and jumping. We didn't want to leave early because we paid for two hours so we just used up all of our energy to enjoy this place. When we finally to a small break, we went down to the snack area and got some drinks and snacks, which were pretty decently priced. There was an announcement on the intercom that they would be doing the raffle. They were to draw about 5 people or so and each would win some free passes to Sky Zone. We stood still to listen and watch the two employees that were drawing the names. They called one name and the person wasn't there. That's when I saw the girl start taking out names from the bucket, looking at them, then putting them back! It's like she was being selective with the names. I don't know if she was trying to pick out people she knew, or if she was just trying to pick names that she could pronounce. Either way, it made me a little upset. No one in my group of 5 won and I'm sure they would've had a higher chance if the girl wasn't picking the names that she wanted to call.Needless to say, that's why I'm docking off one star.All in all, I really like this place. I probably won't come back anytime soon, due to the location, but I still think this place is awesome. I definitely recommend trying it out. There aren't many places that offer a room filled with giant trampolines. It makes you feel like a kid again and it's so much fun!I went here on Tuesday night for their dodge ball night. It was my first time and it was a lot of fun and I only got hurt ONE time. I have a HUGE bruise on my arm from falling into myself when this crazy guy almost ran me over. Dodge ball was a lot of fun! There were these 3 guys there and you can tell they were regulars. They were amazing at the game, knew every single rule ever established in the history of dodge ball, and were very serious about it. They were kind of intimidating but still very welcoming. I made sure to get on their team so I could feel like a winner. I would definitely go back again and If i had kids I would definitely take them here. I also noticed that they had a trampoline aerobics class and I think this is something I would want to try.Awesome place to have some fun while getting in your daily cardio workout! The building looks just like a warehouse from the outside. The inside has the trampolines set up as well as an area to relax before and after the jumping fun. Times can be bought in half hour increments and they let  people begin jumping right on the half hour marks. They give you a sticker with the time that you are allowed to jump until.The environment is laid back. As long as you're not trying to climb on their walls or getting too rowdy with other guests you are free to enjoy and experiment with your jumping styles and techniques.I highly recommend to bring some water with you so that you have something to drink when you are taking a quick break. It's amazing how much of a workout you can get in a half hour jump session.I recommend Sky Zone as a fun alternative for a group of people. It's a suitable location for all age willing to give it a try. They also occasionally offer Groupons. Everyone should try it at least once!As a tourist, I had to try it but with all the eating options in Vegas, I could never make my filled belly over here. Finally we decided to make the effort to go first thing the am on empty stomachs. This place is waaaaayyy far down Tropicana, so I kept having to re=check the GPS to make sure I was still going in the right direction. You should be in loose fit clothing, I was dumb and thought to look cute in jeans and small top. Ultimately we bought a shirt there b/c my jumping got out of hand and there were a bunch of kids there too, they didn't need my peep show to traumatize them. This is a very clever way to take your kids and tire their ass out. As an adult with no kids, we were already  in the rest area after 20 minutes of jumping. I thought we were moderately in shape, but this makes you question that altogether. It allows you to burn the calories while having ridiculous fun and reiginating that inner kid passion you had when you jumped on your parents bed. After that we went to the dodgeball area and got crazy, then all our horsing around caused other kids to join in our rampage, and ultimately our time ran out. This was a great way for us to burn off our vacay calories while still having fun. I only wish this was around when I was younger, but I will definitely go back and hope they open one by home soon. ;-)Sky Zone! Jumpies! LOVE IT!They have a full adult area where you can jump and flip to your hearts desire... or fall, like me, hahaha. Often times they net off one or two ends for competitions/special events. Every 30 min they let in a new crowd and it cam get VERY crowded to show up early-  Like Opening!If you have kids, they have a kiddie area, which is a lot of fun as well, you can throw balls around and the don't let the words "kiddie area" fool you, it can get pretty rough in there (but in a fun, not dangerous way). If you've never been, you've got to try it. And don't be afraid, just let go and enjoy!I'm hooked on the SkyRobics class. It's a killer workout that you wouldn't expect. There is so much more than just bouncing. The class is 1 hour long and men and women of all shapes, sizes and fitness levels are in there working it out.  We run drills, we do squats, lunges, planks, push-ups and much more. They have weighted balls to add difficulty and you can always jump harder or quicker to intensify the workout. FYI, my favorite instructor is Chris. ***It's only $3.00 for your first class and $6.00 after that***

Chirashi bowl- beautifully arranged assortment of sashimi and roe over sushi rice, strongly recommend pairing with the cold Zaru soba Noodles:

repeat after me:

Kem CoBa

- Dragon balls ($3.50) - my favorite dish of the night. A ball of spicey tuna, chopped onions, and peppers deep fried.

And I can walk there from my house!Now - if I could just get a better appreciation for breakfast. (Haven't tried the lunches yet...)Ordered the number two with two eggs over easy, home fries, and sausage & bacon..brother ordered chicken salad sandwich on wheat with fries...both menu items were delicious after a long flight in. The place was packed on this late morning on Saturday...the waiter was very energetic and friendly, checking up on us more than once especially about the coffee. Great place for a quick breakfast/lunch at a very affordable price.I used to go to 5 & Diner up the street from Joe's Diner before I heard about this place all the time. But now that I know this place is here, I would much rather come here to support a mom-and-pop shop that serves basically the same food.I've only ever eaten breakfast at this place, but every time I do it's never disappointing. I ate here a few days ago with my wife and her family that came into town. I had the Denver omelette which was a little over-cooked, but was still good. The last time I came here, I had the pancakes which were seriously very good. But because I'm trying to cut flour out of my diet, I didn't have them this time. Instead, I looked longingly at my wife's cousin's piece that went largely uneaten. (He's a kiddo). The service was quick and our server was friendly and helpful. I think this place needs a huge sign to show that they're here, because if you're not looking for it, you could easily pass it. It's also right next to some motorcycle shop. The outside is really nothing to look at, but once you're inside, you'll know you're in a diner. It's a little dark inside, but that's okay. The red booths are reminiscent of the 5 & Diner up the street. The only drawback to this place is the hours of business. It's open 7am-3pm. Diners need to be open 24/7! If they polished up the exterior and made their presence known, they'd probably have more people in too. The last few times I've been, there weren't too many people. Good find though!Great food. Great conversation (Joe, get back to work), terrific value.The bf and I went to get breakfast at Joe's yesterday and it was shockingly good! I didn't expect much, despite the good reviews, hence my hesitation to go to this place after living nearby for over a year. The food is simple, but good. The bacon was super crispy, which I really enjoyed. Their biscuits are buttery and delicious. Their potatoes were ok. The bf liked the biscuits and gravy and the coffee was good. I'll definitely be back soon! Ps- they're going to be moving over to 7th ave soon.Though a bit crowded on the weekends, this is a great breakfast spot. And they also serve their own version of a Buffalo-area speciality called "Beef on Weck" on the lunch menu which my Western NY boyfriend says is quite authentic. In fact, according to him, the substitution of the Kosher salt and caraway seed Brioche roll for the traditional Kaiser roll the dish is usually served with makes it even better. An added bonus is the strange and kitchy garage next door (which can be seen thru a viewing window inside the restaurant). Not sure the history behind the Native American mannequin but it adds to the appeal of this great independent eatery.Good biscuits & gravy5 star pancakes, 3 star service and facilities. The pancakes are perfect. Super light and fluffy. A "short stack" (two big pancakes) is perfect for a normal human being. Service is just so-so -- nice enough, but slow/infrequent. And what's up with the low/no AC policy at 11:00 a.m. in August? You do NOT want to be sitting in the front section of the restaurant. At least there was a big floor fan sending air to the back room, but nothing up front. I'd enjoy my breakfast a lot more if it weren't 85-90 degrees in there.They were packed so it took a bit to get breakfast but the staff really hustled and the coffee was very good for a diner. 'Joe' even came out to check on people who were waiting.Had lunch here today with Lynn W. and Rand H. Well the the place is new and the decor is well done and comfy . They have enough food selections to classify them as a super buffet. As far as the food goes it was all pretty good with most of your typical Chinese buffet selections . Some of the extra items were steamed clams , double baked potatoes ,fresh strawberries and Vienna sausage. The macaroni salad I had was very good and i went back for more as was the stuffed shrimp. There is also a sushi bar but I did not try any on this trip. The food here makes them a 4 star eatery and as far as the staff goes they need to be a lot more happier with a name like happy buffet.Rand has pulled me into his buffet madness!  I plugged in the address on my GPS and off I went.  I have been on this side of town before but it had been a while.  I don't know about everyone's GPS system but mine told me I had arrived at my destination about .5 miles before I actually had and there was a house there.  I kept going and pulled into the first strip mall I saw on my left.  Viola!  There was Happy Buffet!  It is located near a Native New Yorker, a Fresh and Easy, and a 99 Cents Store.  I walked in and found Rand and Mike C. chowing down.  Our server came right over and took my drink order and I went to check out the buffet.  The first thing that struck me was that the buffett dishes did not have tons of food in them.  There was plenty, don't get me wrong, but nicely presented and very fresh.  They had all the standard fare, fried rice, chow mein, BBQ chicken, spring rolls and won tons. The spring rolls were a bit greasy but everything else was good. Nicely cooked string beans and Egg Foo Young were probably my favorites as well as the fried rice.  They also had a lovely fruit buffet with fresh strawberries and watermelon.  A nice array of sweet treats was also layed out.  My particular favorite was a tiny cream puff that was fresh and soft with a hint of lemon.  There were only a handful of diners when we were there.  The buffet area was kept neat and clean.  The dining room is large with beautiful chandaliers and the ceiling is very interesting.  I'm not sure how to describe it but I thought it was nice and a notch above most buffet places.  If I am ever out in this neck of the woods and have a craving for buffet, Happy Buffet will be my stop.This buffet had very quick, friendly service and they took extra time to make sure my nieces liked their food.  It has the standard buffet choices and the food was good.  My favorite was the green beans and the orange chicken.Happy Buffet should change their name to happy 420 buffet, cause they are a stoner's paradise.

- Elderflower Mule: Though the flavors were interesting and good (sort of tasted like a spa treatment), it was too too sweet.

The salads looked great, so will have to go back soon to try one. Staff was very friendly and our waiter was great!Their pizza is always delish! Definitely recommend their thin crust. I usually get carryout as their dining areas can fill up fast and be unpleasantly noisy. When I have dined in, the servers are usually friendly.This is our "go to place " when vacationing in Scottsdale! We have been here 5 or 6 times over the past few years and have always had a great meal, great service and enjoyed the atmosphere, especially eating outside. The food is tremendous, we especially like the thin crust pizzas, salads and appetizers. Each visit we have a friendly server and an overall pleasant experience. A nice place to go after a fun day at a spring training game, round of golf or day exploring. Be prepared for a brief wait, but definitely worth the wait!Our experiences this trip were not as good as we've experienced in the past. We had dinner there twice this trip with average results. The first night our pizza took an hour to be served. Once I saw larger parties getting their food before we did and they were seated after we were! I pointed this out to our server who then brought out our food, cold! It was too late and we were too tired and hungry to send it back. I think part of the problem is a different manager than the past few times we visited. Disappointed in our experience this trip.Tried tonight, and the food was good, but our server was really frazzled. Pizzas we can recommend are the Bistro and The Uno. Everyone agrees that these are amazing, and we also really liked the calamari our waitress recommended. Salads to try included the Julius Ceasar, House salad and the Oregano. Many awesome varieties here.We ordered takeout of the Greek salad.  You know I can make a salad but not as good as this one.  Some bread would have been nice. Chicken that comes with it was very good.  Missed out we didn't order the Pisooky which is  so awesome. No pizza either but the thing kind is just OK.  Healthy dinner from  Oreganos. Thanks.Calamari was awesome ! The service  was ok,and for not being that busy it took forever for our dinner to to come out! The food was good tho ,so we took some good with the bad and will return to order calamari and pizza next time ;)I went into Audio Express to see about upgrading my Factory installed stereo system to one that would allow use with a smartphone.Chad greeted me with a friendly smile, and asked what I was looking for. I explained my wishes but was concerned because I was leaving for a cross country road trip the following day.Chad walked me thru the options, and identified a few systems that would work for me. He did not try to oversell. He pointed me to a product that met my needs and was within my budget. He didn't try to upsell me on new speakers or other features.. which he could have easily done. Instead, he pointed me to just what I needed, and said that if, in the future I wanted to expand the system (new speakers or steering wheel controls, we could always add it in later).Once we decided on the system, Chad got me in that day... and got the vehicle back to me within a few hours.When I arrived, the system worked wonderfully.. and I was very pleased with the results.Later that evening, I noticed something wrong with the audio output. I called Chad right away, the shop was just about to close. He offered to look at it that night, but I had a previous engagment. So, he promised to look at the system the first thing the next morning.I arrived early the next day. Chad sat in the truck to diagnose the problem. He then took the keys and brought the truck in right away. He worked personally with the installer to find out the problem. They installed a brand new part for the system which resolved the problem. He delivered the truck back to me in perfect working order. He felt certain the problem was resolved, however, he assured me that if in some freak event, I had issues while traveling cross country, he would work with other Audio Express stores that may be on may to to address anything if required.Chad was always professional, patient and very knowledgeable. He put me at ease right away, and stood by his commitment to great customer service and excellent quality work.I see other posts which give negative feedback about Audio Express.. but they are pretty old. I say, give these guys a chance.... and ask to work with Chad... he WILL treat you right!Under new management. They did a very nice job. Only reason they didn't get five stars I had to have them readjust something after they return the car. Would definitely deal with them againDon't know if it's because it's in north Scottsdale or what but this Wal-mart Supercenter is pretty spiffy. It's clean, well-stocked, and quiet. They are sporting the remodeled Wal-mart look which is a lot nicer I think. Have been here twice over the last few weeks and have really enjoyed shopping there both times. No crowds, no hassle. Get in, do my shopping, and leave. (I have gone after 10 at night both times which may have something to do with it.....but I have been to other Wal-marts in the Valley that are zoos at 2 in the morning...)It's kind of hard to find...tucked away in a corner in a strip mall by that weird Loop 101/Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd interchange. I don't think it's easily visible from any main street.  Maybe that's half the reason it's so quiet. Who knows?For a Wal-mart, I'm impressed.It's a Super Wal Mart in Scottsdale... What else need be said!It's not often that I get to go to Super Walmart but when I do I make sure to spend my money's worth!After getting a whole bunch of groceries I was happily shocked when the total was under $25... if we had gone to the grocery store everything we bought would have certainly been way more than that.The store is also super clean and super big, I'd probably go there everyday if I lived there, the savings cannot be beat!Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaang, their AC feels good here.Great prices all around and a good section for ammo, rifles, etc. Prices for Ammo here are the best around. inexpensive but also good quality.I do not love Walmart, as I am more of a Target gal myself.  However, when I was visiting my mum she told me we must go to this Walmart because it's actually nice.  Well of course, everything in Scottsdale is nice! And this Walmart doesn't disappoint.  It's probably the only Walmart I will go to --- and I live in LA.  It has groceries, pharmacy, and all kinds of cheapy clothes for the kids, toys, etc. Basically if you need it they will have it and it won't gross you out to visit!well, i'm kinda disapointed, in a way. the store is really clean and they  do have a  small amount of normal people here. but, not only do i go shopping at walmarts to people watch but they have great prices too.

PS this place is owned by Crust.... so if you like their pizza, you'll probably like this place.We love the pesto pizza. Friendly and fast service. Small place and busy. Can get noisy if crowded. Have outsides eating availableThis place is like the chipotle of pizza joints.  Select your crust, your toppings, and sauce, then they fire it up in an 800 degree Fahrenheit oven in TWO minutes!!  The prices are very reasonable at around $9 a pizza and you can get as many toppings as you would like!  The pizza comes out perfectly crispy!The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and gave me outstanding recommendations.  I highly recommend the whole wheat crust.   The garlic knots are pretty good too.  Also they have a club where you get items for free after so many purchases and access to promotions that they send out.  Just for signing up I got a free cup of ice cream!  If you need some pizza on the fly, this is a way better option than most pizza delivery chains in my book!!Lunch hour ground zero:  Tatum and Cactus.  Pretty much whatever you want is available within 3 minutes of the epicenter of this seismic fault line of culinary delights.This is a battleground that actually toppled a Culvers. I didn't think that was possible, it was like seeing the Statue of Liberty washed up on the shore in Planet of the Apes.  Whoa, is that what I think it is?In other words, game on and My Pie has game.  Simple concept, walk in and order one of their specialty pizzas or have them put together a masterpiece that only you come up with.  I had the Spicy Butcher and it was a terrific pizza. Served fast and right out of the oven, made for a tasty lunch.  I overindulged a bit and in addition to scarfing the entire pizza in one sitting (I think it's big enough to share or take half home), I also devoured one of their monster chocolate chip cookies that they shamelessly and without a hint of remorse have at the counter for weak-willed, belt-expanding lost souls like me.  I sat there and literally counted the calories somewhere in the Y2K range (why indeed).  I always try to cleanse my palate with a morsel of chocolate after lunch but this took it to a new level.  I had a months worth of cleansing in one sitting, and don't think I won't want more chocolate tomorrow.Solid four stars and I'm going back again this week.  Liked the vibe and the service was friendly and helpful, give it a shot if you enjoy great pizza.We've wanted to try this place for a while and wish we hadn't waited so long! Great pizza! Love being able to choose the type of crust, sauce, & toppings I want - or, choose one of the menu items. We opted to go for the menu selections since it was our first visit. Spicy butcher lives up to its name - spicy! With hangover heat! But very flavorful. The margarita pizza was delicious. We're already thinking about what to get next visit.The pizza here is really good !! I always go with friends cause its an awesome place. The only thing I think its wrong is the establishment charging for Ranch... But besides that I super recommend this place its good and not too pricy.LOVE the service - always SUPER nice and friendly!!! And their pies are pretty awesome too!! They make it exactly the way you want it. Fresh ingredients and their crust isn't too bad. (I'm a NY pizza kind a girl)  I've been here more times than I want to admit...publicly -lol! Serious great little place, with yummy food, friendly service & affordable prices!!Why did I wait so long???  This Brand is less than 2 miles from my house and yet this was my first visit, shame on me!  To be honest my thoughts were "just another pizza place with mediocre pizza".  I was wrong.  I had the "Angry Bird", my wife had the "Spicy Butcher".  Both were really good.  The service was great and I love the beer refills.  This is also the perfect time of year to sit at their outside patio and enjoy a great pizza, cold beer and best of all, wonderful company!  I'm certin that I'll be back, with friends and family just because it's close, it's good and the prices are reasonable.I really liked the restaurant my pie, the concept of creating a pizza entirely the way you like for the same price is very appealing. Also great how fast the cooking time is. I got a wheat pizza crust with fresh mozzarella, and half buffalo chicken half meatballs. It was so yummy!! I took the kids I nanny for and they shared a pizza, it was plenty big for the two of them. I had leftovers to bring home from mine as well. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the restaurant casual but clean and nice. Would recommend!I brought my 11 year old and he's been begging to go back! Pizza was good. Price was ok. Service was excellent! I always appreciate friendly and helpful staff when I go somewhere for the first time. I noticed they serve wine. I will be back, either to take my kids, or casual meet up with a friend.I have been to this place a few times before and it is consistently good. Tonight we had the Hawaiian pizza and the health nut salad. The kids shared the cheese pizza. The whole wheat crust is great. All the food was great. My pie is a wonderful option for a weeknight when you don't feel like cooking!The pizza here was great...you can choose what kind of crust you'd like, whether it's regular, wheat, or gluten-free. Each pizza is made personally for you, and it's actually very good. I was a little skeptical, but I ordered the Power Pie and it was absolutely delicious! The prices are also very reasonable. I will definitely be going here again!The cookies are amazing!  The pizza is really good too. I love the big outdoor patio-perfect night to sit

chips weren't soggy/greasy, were warm & had nice flavor while the salsas were kickin' with heat and very flavorful....and most importantly, didn't like as though it came from a jar!-boyfriend ordered chicken enchilada and added green chili, and i ordered a blue corn tamale with some weird named spicy pork that i don't remember:

Old town is older than most would think...The Hohokam indians trafficked here until 1400 AD., 400 years later an army general named Scott bought acreage here, and the little hamlet blossomed by the early 1900s.  Many of the original buildings can still be seen in old town, including the blacksmith shop on 2nd and brown which is nearly a century old.  In the 1930s, the magnificent and indefatigable Frank Lloyd Wright came here to build Taliesin West, which is a must-see for anyone interested in architecture.

2 different signals for WIFI (super fast free WIFI)Cons:

But you're worth it ...Every dime!For quality groceries and excellent customer service, there is no other contender for my grocery dollar.  WF is the only place where I can find Coconut Milk Creamer ($2.79), and they have the best lemons in town (at about $1 ea.). Since I consume mass quantities of both, I shop here at least twice a month.Granted, prices are high, but I would rather skimp in other areas of my budget, and get the best food I can for my body's sake.Service wise, I was impressed on a recent visit, when I actually found a store employee who was friendly AND willing to check in the back for something I was seeking. I cannot remember the last time I was able to find a clerk to assist me at one of the major chain markets! I love you, Whole Foods!There's a reason they call it "whole paycheck"...That said, I could spend mine here pretty easily. It seems like every single veggie is organic and beautiful. No wilted lettuce, no sad carrots or fruit flies to be found. After our fridge went out and we were forced to go a week without the ability to cook at home, it felt right to go the extra mile and indulge, so a shopping trip here fell into place. Buffalo new york steaks for $16- less than we'd have paid to eat them in a restaurant, and a beautiful vibrant fresh red color. Sweet, succulent meat without an overbearing iron-y or gamey flavor. Expensive but delicious! I've always been a big fan of bison, it's a lovely red meat and this was exceptionally fresh. They have a pretty wide range of meats and grocery products that are sourced in a variety of seemingly thoughtful ways. Free-range chicken and eggs, organic milk, a variety of fresh seafood, kefir, cheeses, clothing, beauty products, cleaning products, dried and bulk goods, etc. The employees were exceptionally friendly. Everyone I interacted with seemed like they were having a good day, which made the overall experience pleasant. I did a few laps and found the store a lot smaller in overall size compared to Sunflower market, but they fit a lot into the space.  Some of the prices are lower at their competitors and there are larger varieties there, but it's at a pretty convenient cross section of highways. It's a little bit out of the way for me, but I may stop at the Greenvalley location soon. . Parking can be weird because it's in town square, but it shouldn't be too bad unless you go at peak hours.Just like most of the other Yelpers yelping Whole Foods, I have a love hate relationship. Love the selection, food but not the prices. I came here about a month ago and wanted to spend maybe $50-75 on snacks for a small party but ended up spending double. I guess half of my guests could have just not eat or drink anything... but I was nice that day and figured everyone should eat something. I've not figured out what my essentials are yet for Whole Foods but I'm reluctant. On a side note, I left my headlight lights on and the grocery cart attendant was so nice to jump my battery for me. Thanks!This branch seems to have some items I havent seen at Tenaya or the Charleston one. It got me excited seeing things pop out that are hard o find but unfortunately this visit wasn't for groceries. I needed a small bite before I pass out since I can't wait until dinner. I grabbed the by the pound salad- got a little bit of chickpea, beet salad and stuffed grapeleaves. All noms. We rolled by the beer selection and noticed a beer I haven't seen before Fullers Vintage Ale Reserve 2010 so we grabbed a bottle and will be enjoying it 3-4 years from now. We're such beer aging geeks. We have a fridge with a bunch of drinks numbered for when we will consume them. We also grabbed a Deschutes Hop in The Dark. I was eyeing a Goose Island Demolition because G.I. has never been distributed here before til now, but it's gonna be bought next time (gotta be good about not buying too much beers). It's must stop if I do go to Town Square from now on to get the rare items not available elsewhere. Excited to thoroughly go through the aisles next time to see what else I might find....I love going to this place.  It's expensive yes, but I love how they have specific fruits that are already pre-cut and placed into containers.  I love their selection of wine and beers, also their meat, and pre-made foods.  I personally love their red velvet cake, it's tiny but the icing is soooo delicious.  It tastes like the red velvet cupcake from Sprinkles, something that you must definitely try when going here.  It's expensive, but you pay for what you get.Attended today a "Raw Foods" Class posted by Sara P. on Yelp Events.

First time I've ever been to a Serbian bakery. The baked goods include everything you can expect from a typical bakery, including cookies, croissants, bagels, cheesecakes, freshly-baked breads, etc. We bought the cranberry walnut loaf, which was excellent! Best of all, it's open 24 hours!I stopped in after dinner with my husband for a treat and selected strawberry shortcake and an apple bread loaf to take home.  We shared the strawberry shortcake in the car before going home and it was very good. I have to say the apple bread tasted even better than it looked. Since both items we selected were good, we would return in the future to try something else.Nova's Bakery has been supplying Charlotte with baked goods since 1996, and a few months ago Nova's expanded their operations to include Nova's Bakery Coffee Shop in South End.  The 24-7 bakery and coffee shop serves hand crafted coffee and espresso beverages and baked goods straight from their mother location in Plaza Midwood.  They have a wide variety of fresh baked breads on hand, including sour dough, focaccia, and olive bread, plus bagels, muffins, and scones.  The coffee shop also offers an extensive selection of sweets, including cookies, cakes by the slice, and filled-to-order cannoli.  I can personally vouch for the walnut brownies, which taste especially good when warmed up at home and topped with hot fudge and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Just sayin.  While the coffee shop is small, there are a handful of tables and ample workstation seating with plugs and free wifi.  For a real steal, check out the half-priced day-old baked goods rack.  Nova's is a fantastic addition to South End, but there is one negative.  Even with all the delicious fresh bread they have stocked, they don't serve sandwiches.  Did I mention they're open 24 hours a daySCONES. Do yourself a favor and go buy a scone from Nova's RIGHT THIS MINUTE. I am a carb-o-holic and have tried almost everything they sell. I thought I'd struck gold with the Glorious Morning muffin, which is so tasty they're almost always sold out :( But then I tried a scone. Heat it in your toaster oven for 5 minutes and you will be biting into the butteriest, flakiest, most delicious scone ever. Just the right balance of flaky and sturdy, not too sweet, and lots of sweet and savory flavors to choose from. This is honestly the best scone I have ever had. Plus the prices are great and the staff is always friendly.Why are you still reading this? Get thee to Nova's for a scone, stat!When you get tired of the crowds of Amalie's, check out Nova's Bakery.  Their pastries are delicious and their hot drinks are great.  They also have great fresh bread, a large wall of whole-bean coffee, and lots of interesting wine.  Plus it's 24/7 which is perfect for folks like me who work unconventional hours.Popped in on Saturday morning. Staff friendly pastries delicious. Got a spinach feta scone and a chocolate croissant with chocolate along with coffee.Wanting something sweet at the end of a fun filled night of drinking and saw Nova's Bakery on the way back to my friends place. My friends from Charlotte said it was hit or miss. Went with a brownie and the wife with with cheese cake. Both were very tasty and   even that they were about to close the guy working counter was is no rush to get us out the door. I also got a variety of scones for breakfast that were also very tasty.I love Nova's Bakery.  My favorite things to get are the chocolate tuxedo cake and tiramisu. For about $3.00 a slice, it is worth every penny....so rich and just yummy. The staff is always friendly and  the atomosphere makes me nostalgic and I begin to miss my college days of studying in cozy coffee houses.Great bakery! How do I know? I've tasted their products before I even visited the bakery.  There are quite a few sandwich shops that use their products!! Finally got to visit the bakery. Yes, it's a bit small, but it's packed to the rafters with fresh bread, croissants, scones and any baked good you can think of!! Got a loaf of Paisano that made awesome toast the next morning!! Nova's rocks!Can't attest to their pastries (yet), but without a doubt they have the best vanilla chai tea latte I've had in my life. It's super creamy and not too spicy. Get it with soy milk and it's even better. Wayyyyyyy better the SBX.I am a huge fan of independent coffee shops and this place does not disappoint, it has a really nice vibe, definitely somewhere i would sit and read for a fee hours, great selection of desserts and fresh bread, something that's getting tough to find these days.Please support local Business by coming here instead of the Einstein's next door.They have some great chai lattes. Amazing taste. Their almond cake is to die for so rich and creamy. It was once a 24x7 open but I think they close by 10/1030 now. The barista keep changing quite often and so the taste of beverage differs at times. But tastes great most of the times. They have fresh bread and it's tastes great. You can also find their fresh bread in grocery store like Harris Teeter. Love the place.New to the neighborhood, decided to walk to Nova's for a little sweet treat after dinner. Lots of yummy options, I decided on a piece of baklava and a brownie with walnuts. Staff was friendly, I made it just in time as they now close at 8pm on Sundays (not the listed 10:30). Took my goodies to go for a small treat when I got home. Baklava is yummy, although I enjoy it with more nuts typically, very traditional flaky, sweet goodness nonetheless. The brownie is dense, but not overly fudgy. I'll definitely return, but try different items next time.I love the variety of baked goods and pastries... the cookie I tried was delicious. However, not thr greatest coffee I have had, but I am picky with coffee ;-)We were looking for a place to eat a late afternoon sweet snack. Got on Yelp and found this bakery... And it was great! The service was really good, and the food... Oh my god hahaha we had brownies (chocolate and marble) we used the microwave, for 30 seconds and the brownies tasted even better! The best treat you can get for less than 3 bucks! Loved it! I just missed the bread but i will come back to buy some.I am only giving four stars because they did not stuff the canolli enough. Could have easily been a 5 star.  So much empty space that could have been filled with creamy goodness. But a really really good canolli.  I will definitely be back.Sitting there enjoying the day before it gets hot. I'll make this review short & sweet. :)Driving around my neighborhood, I found this cute park on Wigwam Pkwy, right in front of Selma Bartlett Elementary. My son enjoys the little kids playground. Its a little run-down, but adequate. There's also a baseball field where there's a kids' game going on right now! Volleyball court, tennis court, benches in the shade, and a restroom provided with drinking fountain. A great big grassy area so lots of dog-walkers roaming around. Not much more you can ask for in a park. We'll be back... :)A buddy of mine Chris C. and I  were driving all over the place to find a park with a Tennis court since the Arroyo Grande park didn't have one. We stumbled across this one located on wigwam parkway across the Grand Legacy guard gated community.It was a nice little park which had a basketball court, tennis court, and playground for the kids, conveniently  located in Henderson, green valley area in front of Bartlett elementary school.A great time to go was in the afternoon, the place was empty and we had the Tennis courts to ourselves. AWesome!FYI- Bring hand sanitizer since the park bathroom are a bit dirty, and soap if your a germ freak. Other than the park was great. Will definitely be back since its location is great!C'est le restaurant de quartier que je recommanderais pour les gens habitant la pointe St-Charles qui désirent un restaurant quand même chic pas trop loin. Il y a une petite terrasse à l'arrière qui est parfaite pour une petit souper plus intime. Nous avions pris des bruschettas qui étaient très bonnes. Sinon, je me suis rendu compte là bas que je n'aimais pas tant que ça le boeuf bourgignon, mais la présentation de celui-ci était très bien.Un apporter votre vin en plus!Services exceptionnel,  nourriture très bonne et très abordable. Très bon resto qualité prix.Restaurant Machiavelli has the best terasse in Montreal in my opinion. Even though it's right across from Charlevoix metro, the serene garden makes you feel like you are tucked away in the country far away from cars and buses. If it's too cold to eat outdoors, you'll find that the interior ambiance is wonderful as well. It's an old renovated house consisting of a main area and two smaller cozy rooms. It's a great place to meet an old friend and catch up because you can get a secluded table in the corner and don't have to talk too loud to carry ona conversation. The menu is constantly changing with the seasons. I've had great meals there and then meals that were not bad but not amazing either. I will say I've never had a bad experience though. The staff is always very friendly and pleasant. To start, I love getting the combination of three dazzling dips with pita bread. The seafood is usually pretty decent. It's bring your own wine which really helps bring down the overall cost.The sky train is fantastic. Almost hard to believe this is Phoenix and someone got it right.  But then there's news that when terminal 3 is connected they will be spending money to build a walkway to terminal 2.A walkway really? Hope it's a short walk at least, but aside from that, what about the West economy parking and the rental car facility?  I know it's not even in the budget right now, but they aren't even discussing it as part of the plan to make the airport truly connected the way it should be.  One would hope theres a plan for this. Otherwise, one poster brings to light a safety concern. Power outage.  What's the plan for fire escape, and trapped passengers in the summer heat? But otherwise I've used the train twice, one for US Air and the bag check is great along with the location in terminal 4 at the gate level, and then once for Delta, term 3.Transferring to a bus wasn't the greatest, but the signage of where the terminal bus vs. rental car bus waiting areas are not clear. Lots of people including flight crews asking where the correct bus stop is. I answered, I thought you knew so I was following you LOLIncredibly efficient way to save $16/day on parking compared to the close lot.  This airport gets better and better.Pretty awesome. You can park in the east economy lot and take this over to terminal 4. It makes the whole process of parking at the airport incredibley easy. The trains come every few minutes, so you're never waiting long. The trains themselves are really clean.They also have a thing where you can check your bags before you even get on the train, we didn't use it but it seems like a great feature!First time on this train and it was great! We were able to bus, light rail and train so that we didn't have to take a shuttle, taxi or pay for parking. The train was nice, quick and easy to navigate. The only thing to remember is that it drops you off on the 3rd floor so you have to go downstairs to check your bag! Me and my husband were a little lost at first not realizing we were on the 3rd floor =)The more I use this train, the more I like it.  Will be great when they connect the other two terminals! Hopefully sooner than planned. In regards to the emergency exits, I did notice the walkway in between the tracks and the emergency latch to get out in case of fire or power failure. Again nice job!However: Flight monitors in the train station.   I know one issue is for T4,  you don't always know your gate ahead of time, so your not knowing which way you need to exit the walkway out of the train platform. It's a bit of a walk to one of the checkpoints just to find out your gate in in the opposite direction.I travel a good bit for business and use the east economy lot. The sky train is great for a quick transport to terminal 4. Seems to arrive the second I walk up every time. The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is because it doesn't take you to any other terminals so leave yourself some time if your airline does not depart from terminal 4 because you have to take a shuttly to access any other terminals. Wait can be 10 minutes sometimes... plus the travel time to get there.Well, I was lucky enough to ride on this the 2nd day it was up and running.

Tender pieces of squid lightly breaded and seasoned with a side of marinara. This was not chewy at all. 4/5Agnolotti:

And ask your waitperson for food guidance. They know which way to direct you through the big menu!We came here to celebrate our daughters 21 birthday. This was a big deal for us and we had the entire family in tow.  Had a reservation for 11 at 7:30 PM. Called in the afternoon to see if we could move up to 7 which they were able to accommodate. Got there and the atmosphere is great. Just a couple minutes and they seated us. Food was family style and amazing. I can't even remember all the courses but there was sublime mozzarella cheese, artichoke dip and bread for appetizers, sirloin, chicken, lasagna and Alfredo and amazing dessert apple frittata was crazy. The waitress was fantastic, completely attentive and helpful in her suggestions. One down was table was in close to other patrons, bumping chairs issue. Probably because we moved up our reservation. One person at the table next to us was total rude jerk (I paraphrase for this review) toward my daughter which came close to ruining the evening, but that wasn't totally restaurants fault. Managers stepped in and gave us a private room to be sure the rest of our night was perfect. This place is top notch, don't hesitate to let management know if you have special request. They're very cool and want to make your experience the best it can be.Maggiano's in the Fashion Show Mall knows how to consistently produce high quality Italian fare. Over the years, I've eaten here many times and have never had a bad plate. Their Holiday Season menu adds to the variety and decent wine can be had at decent prices. I had the braised ribs off the seasonal menu and they were extremely good. Likewise, the cab off the holiday menu is a decent $50 bottle...and they give away a branded carafe for using the menu.Tip: for easy access, use valet parking on the north side off Fashion Show Dr. then hop into the exterior elevator for a quick ride to the restaurant.Good location for Italian on the strip. We came here after a long evening of shopping in the mall. I highly recommend getting their lite chicken marsala if you are on a diet. Service at the bar can be shoddy but the food is great. Also, try out their stuffed mushrooms for appetizers.We made a reservation on Open Table for 7:45. We arrived and were told that it would be approximately 15 minutes. I could tell they were busy so we said no big deal. Then at 8pm we were told another 20 minutes. It took a total of 25 min after our reservation in which to be seated. I wasn't so impressed with their attitude either. Our service was great once we were sat though.  Seidi our waitress was great. She made some recommendations and my husband and I were both completely satisfied. I had the chicken piccata and he had the parmesean. She recommended the lite on each and the hand made pasta was to die for. Definitely changed my pasta opinion as this was my first hand made pasta. Wonderful. Although I wasn't too impressed with the snotty hostess team, the rest of the staff changed my opinion as well as the meal itself. I feel bad only giving a 4 stars due to the first impression.The food here is terrific, but high calorie. It is very busy pretty much all the time, so make reservations. Our server was inexperienced (forgot to bring my drink), but made up for it with a pleasant attitude. I would recommend this establishment.We were impressed with the ambiance and decor. The rooms were full if energy and the food was great! Our servers satisfied our every request.Came here on  Sunday night just as a walk in had forgotten the reviews recommended to make reservations. Place was packed, waiting time was 45 minutes for a table of two. Waited at the bar had the best red sangria I've ever had. Also ordered the calamari, was not rubbery it was lightly crispy! So delicious. Bread they gave was too hard. Service was Excellent.Finally got a table service was fast & friendly. The food was delicious too we got the spaghetti & meatball and seafood plate a little spicy and so buttery. Overall the entire experience was Excellent.Come prepared to wait this place is booming!!Another year later, and another New Year's Day meal at Maggiano's--this time with friends.  Food was as fine as usual, but this time there were just too many service errors to overlook.  I had to separately ask for more bread three times, and butter another three times before they were finally produced.  A table knife was taken away without substituting a replacement, and no serving spoon was provided for potatoes.  So one star was lost.Complimentary Italian bread had a nice doughy texture.  Calamari Fritti with Marinara Sauce and specially requested Lemon Aioli featured perfectly cooked golden tentacles and rings.  And Mozzarella Marinara consisted of four rectangles of slightly browned fried cheese.  A side Caesar Salad with requested anchovies was crunchy and excellent.  And a bowl of Tuscan Chicken Sausage Soup was very good except for hard included celery.  Fontina Potatoes were oozing with white cheese, and my entree of Linguine & Clams with White Clam Sauce, 12 Littleneck Clams in open shells, and several pieces of chopped clams was quite delicious.Always make a reservation, it's super quick and easy on open table! I came here for a quick dinner with my man on a Sunday. It was pretty busy, and it took about 10-15 minutes for someone to come over and greet us after we were sat. When I've already completely decided my meal before I've even been offered a drink, I get a little impatient. That's the only reason I knocked a star off. The food came out within 20 minutes or so after we ordered, and we split chicken piccata, but unfortunately they didn't split it. I don't mind paying a split charge, especially when I specifically request a split. The size was ok, only 3 very small chicken breasts, but Macaroni Grill has definitely made us spoiled with portion sizes. I would return, as it was a nice atmosphere at a good price with decent service and yummy Italian food.This is my go-to Italian restaurant whenever I am near the strip or shopping at the Fashion Show Mall. This restaurant can be both casual and fancy at the same time. Either way, they are welcoming; but the wait time can be long so I recommend getting a reservation if necessary, especially during weekend nights.You get complimentary bread in the beginning after you order, but don't eat too much of it because the dishes are pretty big. I have ordered the "Famous Rigatoni 'D'" couple of times and the "Peppercorn-Crusted Sirloin"; they were both good! The Rigatoni can get really heavy because of the Marsala cream sauce, but don't get me wrong, the flavors are all there. The mushrooms & the chicken go really well with the pasta and the sauce. Last time I went, I got the Sirloin cooked as medium, but it was pretty chewy so next time I get that, I will be sure to get it medium-rare. I had to cut them into little tiny dices to get through them. The garlic mash potatoes that were on the plate added a nice touch to the sirloin.I never have room for dessert when I eat here because the proportions are pretty big! But it fills me up so I'm not complaining. The waiters are all so kind here, but the noise level can get really high, especially if there is a large group of people sitting in the middle celebrating a birthday or whatever. Besides that, I've had pretty good experiences with Maggiano's!!I have been to Maggiano's two times. They have some tables that are right next to a window that has a really great view of the strip which I liked. Most people want to sit there so there is a wait time that can be pretty long. I ordered the chicken parm. And it was really good. They also give you a lot of food which a lot of restaurants don't do anymore. Its a very nice restaurant and will deff. be going back.Hard to imagine. Great quality, awesome service, reasonable prices, in LAS VEGAS at a chain? Yes! Maggiano's. I don't know what else I can say. The ambiance was country club. Menu selection was Superb.OK it wasn't a quiet little bistro. it's located on LV Blvd. In Fashion Show shopping center. But the food is good and you can easily splurge on the wine or drinks, and still save a ton over the big name places, eg. Batali's B&B, etc.We thought the food that Maggiano's was very very good. Both my wife and I thought the sauce was excellent and the best we've had in sometime. But the service left something to be desired. Although when we brought the subject to the attention of the manager he corrected the situation promptly overall we give the restaurant a good rating and we do plan on going back againWe went to Maggiano's for my birthday. The food was good, although I felt like my steak was drowning in gravy. It's not something I'm used to - maybe that's just how it's prepared. My wife referred to her pasta as "perfectly cooked". It's tough to please her, so that  means something! The margarita flatbread was AMAZING. Hands down the best food of our entire Vegas vacation.The service was great. Our waiter was attentive, but not overbearing. He came with what we needed, asked if we needed anything, and was off. I like that. Now, I need to say something special about the service. The table next to us was very rude to our waiter over how the sauce was presented - not prepared, just presented. He handled it very well, as did the manager.Little tip: make a reservation. Otherwise you'll be waiting longer than you'd like.Went for a late night snack/meal at 9:30 in the evening. Just soup and salad. Everything was good, service was good, seating and for a chain restaurant I'm always impressed how un-chain this restaurant tastes. Just good food! Portions seem huge to me too. Everything was clean, even under my table and the window sill.We ate inside, but the outside seating was heated seeing the evening air was chilly. Looked nice too.Food was good, service was as well.  Not outstanding or remarkable,  but what you come to expect from this chain. You always know the food and service are good no matter what location.My co worker and I arrived here during the week for lunch. I parked in the parking structure of the mall which has a elevator that takes you right into the back of the restaurant. We requested to be seated on the patio which gave us a great view of Las Vegas Blvd.Our waiter was prompt in getting our beverages, rolls and recommended the lighter four cheese ravioli which I ordered. For being a lighter entrée it definitely didn't lack flavor, was filling and tasted delicious. My co worker went for the salmon sammie and also enjoyed the food. Heart the ambiance here and the old style Vegas feel especially with the Sinatra music.Overall a splendid lunch with a great view. I definitely will be returning here again!My boyfriend and I celebrated our early Valentine's dinner here (this is also where we had our first date!). I love the atmosphere here as well as the service. Our waiter Nick was amazing. He knew the menu like the back of his hand and had great recommendations. He constantly checked up on us to make sure we were doing okay. Food is always on point and I love their drink selection.Amazing Italian food, incredible service and a great atmosphere! Besides, who doesn't love to hear Frank Sinatra in the background?We love this place! We usually just sit in the bar area and have drinks and appetizers and whatever we order is always full of flavor, a hearty serving and tasty! A few things I would recommend, the Maggiano's Salad with a delicious house dressing and crispy prosciutto, the mussles with red sauce that is spicy and sweet and makes you want to pick up the bowl and drink it! The flatbreads, bruschetta, sausage and peppers, stuffed shells and chopped salad are also top picks. Even if you are feeling like you need to unbutton your pants as the server asks you if you would like dessert, say yes!! We ordered the mini sampler and every little delectable sugary bite of creme brulee, apple crostada, chocolate zuccotto bites, tiramisu and cheesecake were perfect. We will definitely be back. Salute!We came here with a group of colleagues and clients. The staff managed our fluid numbers well (we had some come and some go) and were not flustered at all.

A combo plate with 2 meats, 2 sides, and dinner roll is about $10

-complimentary sodas, juices, water, coffee, etc

Nothing bad to say about this place except maybe that the location is not in best neighborhood but things changes quickly.This restaurant is part of the wave of trendy chef-centric bistros popping up in Griffintown, or the Pointe, or whatever name is being used to describe the down-but-not-yet-out area around Atwater and Notre Dame. It's small but cozy, and the atmosphere is industrial crossed with baroque/trendy. Very casual and very relaxed. The service is really friendly and the waitstaff are cool and unpretentious. The food is delicious - we sampled all sorts of things, from deep fried okra to delicious rare steak with shitaake mushrooms and wine sauce, to seafood and lentil salad, to trendy new classics like pork belly. Decent wine selection as well, and the prices are not unreasonable at all.Highly recommended!!!I've been coming here for a couple of years now and am never disappointed...the service and the food are always excellent. My most recent meal was the lobster salad...one of my favourites and always excellent. I then had the halibut...nice char-crust on the top but tender and juicy inside with great veggies. My friends started with a ceaser salad with 3broiled oysters on top...very good and the fish taco which was excellent. They followed with the lamb and cornish game hen....also both excellent.Service was top-notch.

Attending staff.

Long wait for seating and food but I'd go anyway!The wait is definitely always long so try to go at odd hours but this is Vegas.. Any hour is busy. The portions are very big. For every plate you could share it between 2 or even 3 people. We typically like to order family style. The chicken and waffles is always a must and the chicken fried steak is actually pretty good as well. Nicely breaded and the chicken isn't overcooked. This location is in the middle of the Linq casino and you go up the escalators.Soooooo much food, holy cow I'd recommend sharing a plate. Im not even exaggerating you will have food for days. The drinks were also very tasty, fast service, great waiter.It's true.  The portions are HUGE.  The wait was about 20 minutes and it was packed.  However, we were seated quickly and the food was excellent and reasonably priced for its location along with great service (thank you Mark D.).  Be warned that two can share an entrée with food left over!Had breakfast here Tuesday morning and had to wait like 5 minutes. I kept telling the friend I was with that the portions were huge, he didnt believe me. I ordered the biscuits and gravy. They were decent, not the best I had. I didnt like them on top of the mashed potatoes. The eggs were good. The boys I was with both lovvvvedd their food and almost ate all of it.Popped in for breakfast around 9:30.  Had a 20-30 minute wait but considering that the place was packed, I didn't think that was too bad.  Started off with a banana latte and it was AMAZING!  We ordered Chicken Florentine and the Chicken & Waffles.  Huge Portions!  The chicken and waffles was perfect.  I could eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner all day. The waffles had bacon inside of them!  Like big strip of real bacon! Mmmm Bacon! The Chicken Florentine was good, just not my style.  The biscuits on the Florentine were delicous and had it not been sitting next to bacon filled waffles, I'm sure I would have loved it more!  I will definitely be back.My friend and I split 2 dishes:

Computers are another thing. If you can't get a computer it is usually because: There are people sleeping by some; a lot of them are not working; some douche shut one down so you have to go get someone to revive it; or you have the people who watch their tv shows and play WOW on them.

~ Their amazing fried chicken (perfectly crispy without the greasy factor & very balanced seasoning)

Délice de Pistache (Pastry filled with Pistachio Mousse and Chocolate Chips)

Food is always good and reasonably priced for the area.Do try their happy hours. Chicken nuggets for $8 during happy hours. Well worth the price.I took my sister out for dinner here. This place is awesome! We had Teriyaki wings and deep dish chicken Alfredo pizza soo delicious!! Loved the beer sampler as well! When I come back to Vegas def coming back!Good selection on the beer, especially when they're having the seasonal beer. Great atmosphere at second floor bar/lounge. Food selection here is pretty good too. Whoever likes spicy food you must try the Ghost Wings. Chicken wings with ghost Chilli pepper sauce, hottest pepper in the world. They should have a challenge here for eating those wings. Another signature item must try is their garlic knots.  Overall a fun place to hang out and enjoy their hand craft beers.Chicagos isn't quite what it use to be but still a great place! First, they don't have the celery salad any more! It was so good! Second, the servers just aren't what they use to be. Yea, I don't regular this place like I use to but at once a week, at least, you'd think they'd start remembering their regulars, after all they tip better. There are very few servers that are still there and still don't recall us. But the service isn't the worst and most will check on you before HH is over, big bonus. The HH is still the best at $6 a pitcher for craft local beer! The food portion is yet to catch up or rather has fell behind, it use to be way better. But alas it is still the best place to sit on the patio and have a beer. Recently, we were told the patio was closed due to damage to the patio wall. A couple times we checked in on the status of the patio being open, it's the best place to air and the perfect weather!, each time however getting various degrees of confused looks and responses. But yet there were people seen on the patio on a couple nights when I drove by. Seemed there was a major miscommunication on the situation? Weird, Chi-brew lost our business several times during that period. On the last try we called ahead, I didn't make the phone call but Traci T said they talked to her like she asked them if they served beer. 'Duh our patios open.  But I was excited! When we got there the wall was damaged but if I hadn't of know I wouldn't have know, ya know! ;)Visit Chi-brew, it's a great local place!Tasty food, been coming here on and off for years. Machines aren't bad, won some and loss some. Cocktails and beers for allCame for a private party. Who knew they had an upstairs?  Nice lil area with a full bar. They had an appetizer buffet set up for the party. I'm not big on fingers but theirs are so good! Might have to do my husbands party here.Beers are great!! Food is outstanding.... from the salads (yes, salads) to the deep dish pizzas to sliders to the baked ziti that probably weighs 4 lbs, DELISH!! My boyfriend and I have been 5 times now and has become one of our favorite spots, and we're picky!!Would have rated it a 5 star but due to the terrible service we receive EVERY TIME we are there, yes, EVERY TIME, I just can't rate it a full 5! Such a shame! Between the servers sitting in the back soda station complaining about anything and everything to the curt disposition the servers posses each time they need to refill water or to take your order is beyond me!! Even when I ordered my salad with no olives yet came out with olives I did not complain, the server quickly realized the mistake but without apologizing or even making eye contact takes my plate away and brings me a new one. This new one, clearly picked through for olives, STILL HAD OLIVES.... which I placed on the rim of my plate so she'd notice, oh, she noticed yet did not mention a word!! Folks, I'm not asking for a foot rub or someone to bring me food on a gold platter but is a smile or even an attempt at pretending to care about a guest that loves this bar/restaurant, that keeps returning such a large request?! I rate this place between food and beers a 5 star, service on the other had? A 1 star!!Awesome place to go with my family we get

Doug is our waiter.  very animated & very good.  upsells us on da prawnz.  wort it.  gives us a wine tasting to make sure we pick da write bott el.  we do.  Rack of lamb wit ravs = awesome

Pollo Bravas - Spicy with heavy mustard sauce

Les accras de morue sont délicieux. Le burger d'effiloché de canard est décadent et les desserts sont encore meilleur.

Mac N Cheese

really had an awesome time and will go back....just need to sleep it off for a few days first.....Anthony Bourdain, now I know why you love this place. Too bad for me that I'm not white like every person in this bar. 3 little Asian girls and 1 Asian guy.. yeah we kind of got some stares. I've come to the conclusion that all the Asians go clubbing on the Strip and never venture out to the real bars in Las Vegas. Double Down is a real bar with some silly drinks. I of course had to try the Ass Juice and bacon martini Hey, the Ass Juice wasn't that bad! It kind of tasted like stale Skittles or like old apple juice almost. I guess that doesn't sound so great when described... but when you're trying a drink named Ass Juice, it tastes a shit tons better than it sounds. The bacon martini on the other hand... that was a doozy. I could feel my stomach quiver a bit when the awesome bartender pulled out a bottle of vodka with strips of bacon inside and topped with a nice layer of bacon fat. It tastes just like it sounds: vodka with a touch of bacon. And fat. Don't forget the fat! Great music, great atmosphere, cool bartenders, cool people. You can't ask for more. Except don't be fooled by the sign that reads "$5 ass juice, 2/$9!" If you don't get it... you really need to take a math class!I take friends & tourists here who have never been exposed to this kind of scene. I like PR music and the DD but too much of a good thing is never too good. My shadow crosses their doorway a couple of times a year and that's usually enough for me.Remember....

- Oysters were pretty good, although I got a stomach ache about 10 minutes later (could have been from something else for all we know, or just how my body reacts to oysters)What I didn't like: - Service: I guess they need more waiters during the daytime or early evenings? It just wasn' that "great". I would definitely come here again!I am a big fan of seafood and mixed with spices and garlic just make Hot N Juicy my kind of restaurant. I was a bit of a doubter at first since I came from Southern CA and was used to Boiling Crab (which has since made its way to the Las Vegas valley). I have yet to try the LV Boiling Crab, but I am a fan of Hot N Juicy. The sauce is a bit different than Boiling Crab, but has a lot of flavor and you can definitely enjoy it. My usual order consists of shrimp and Alaskan king crab legs in the Hot N Juicy special sauce (which is basically all the sauces combined together - extra garlic please!) at the spicy level. Note - extra spicy is really really hot, almost too hot to be enjoyable. I have also had their lobster tails and other crabs. I'm not a huge fan of crawfish since its a lot of work for a little meat, but a lot of other people enjoy it here. Be prepared for a messy meal as this is a eat with your hands kind of place since you have to peel most everything. Its usually fun to see who can make the biggest pile of shells!I've also had the deep fried soft shell crab with fries and the oysters - both are really good and the oysters were fresh. This is definitely a place that I will frequent and also bring friends to from out of town. I will see how the new LV Boiling Crab compares, but for now, you can find me at Hot N Juicy!Best Cajun crawfish...waaaay better than Boiling Crab.

We will surely be back with our frequent out-of-town guests!We found the Sugar Factory on a random outting the night we landed in Vegas - It was one of the few places open to eat at such a late time (3 AM - perfect for late night craves). Their menu ranges from breakfast, crepes, pastas, burgers & desserts - it's a bit overwhelming. We just asked our waitress what she recommended and she wasn't kidding when she said we have to try the Fettucine Alfredo (which normally i would never order as my choice in pasta) - but really it was SO surprisingly good that I wish I knew the recipe for it! Their sauce is very flavorful with a hint of garlic & the pasta was cooked PERFECTLY, It looks very plain to the eye but it tastes amazing!!  So to make me crave a dish I normally don't even like - it has to be pretty darn good. I ended up going back there 3 times just to eat the pasta again & again!I just went to the candy shop side of this place, so my review is only for that. A 24 hour candy shop in Vegas? Seriously, how did it take so long for this to happen? I have to admit, I do have a huge sweet tooth, so this was a great find for me.  We decided to try their candy bars which were good. My favorites were the S'mores, Dark Chocolate with Raspberry, and the White Chocolate with Key Lime.  The Pretzel and Chocolate was a nice combination as well. They were 5 for 10 bucks at the time, so I'm not sure how long that special is going on, but it's a good deal.Besides the chocolate bars, they have bins with candy, cupcakes, brownies and a bunch of other sweets. There is a restaurant next to it, that has some really good looking food, so maybe my next trip will include a stop there.The workers there are super friendly and really nice offering to help you find the treat that will help meet your sweet craving.If you like candy, or anything sweet, give this place a try.I ate here 3 times while staying at the Paris Hotel in Vegas. Twice for breakfast, once for late night dessert in the chocolate lounge.Everything here is delightfully delicious. First time, I had the 4 cheese omelet with hasbrowns and rye toast and a big cup of coffee. Perfect and scrumptious. Dining companions had waffles with chocolate chunks and whip cream and berries on top. Delicious fun. Dessert for breakfast!When we came for our late night dessert we sat in the chocolate lounge area which is very cool. Had a huge cupcake. Dining companions had chocolate sundae and cheesecake. And we had some wine.The only negative i would say is that just like everywhere else in Vegas, the hostesses/servers dress like prostitutes. The skin tight stretchy dresses/skirts that barely cover their private parts. Can i have my breakfast without looking at your hooha s'il vous plaît? This town is definitely a man's town. Male servers are not dressed in a similar fashion.Me and my friends had a GREAT Time there! Food was awesome and the service excellent.  Very clean, light  and airy, the upstairs deck is wonderful to visit and lounge on a warm Las Vegas day.  Only negative No bathrooms in the place! You have to leave the restaurant and go back out into the casino area to find a rest room! Very Major design flaw there but not so much that it bothered our good time :-)A candy shop with real food, too? Yes, please! The menu is huge and there are so many things I wanted to try from sweet to savory crepes, burgers, pasta, salad and desserts for days! Set up like an upscale diner the ambiance was fun and the service was good. We started off with fried macaroni balls, they were delicious, but only came with three for the table. After much debate on my entree choice, I settled on the bleu burger which was delicious, juicy and huge. I ate every bite, and it was well worth it. For dessert we had the cookies sundae which was good, though I wish there was more ice cream and less whip cream. Overall, I would recommend this place, but be prepared for a large bill, even if you don't order alcohol.The four cheese pizza will melt in your mouth...seriously it will.  I ate here for breakfast also and thought the Breakfast Crepe was pretty good.  I am very upset I never tried the PB&J pizza on their menu.  Guess that means I'll have to go back.  The Mediterrainian (sp?) salad was really good also and a HUGE portion.  They have a candy store connected to it also for your sweet tooth.Breakfast was incredible! Eggs Benedict had a twist. Instead of the english muffin, it came with potatos gratin. Delicious!My friend & I ended up here on a Friday afternoon because we didn't want to wait for a table at Serendipity.I guess service here is hit or miss.  The hostesses, looked like there were about 4 of them, welcomed us with smiles and sat us outside right away.  We sat there for a few minutes before someone came up and poured us water and handed us menus and walked away.  After about 10-15 minutes and no one coming to our table we pulled the guy aside and asked him who / where our server was.  He had to ask someone else and maybe another 5-10 minutes later she showed up.  I will say the booklike menu and sitting along the sidewalk for some people watching helped pass the waiting time... just a bit.After she finally came to our table, the service was great.I got a chicken club sandwich & it was enormous.  I had to break down the layers and eat them separately.  My friend who kept insisting on going to a buffet couldn't finish the burger he ordered, I think he only got through half of it.  But they were both good.We saw another table order a Goblet and decided to get one after confirmation there was alcohol in it.  We got the lollipop one from our servers recommendation, plus I wanted the big lollipop & candy necklace that came with it.  The drink actually came out before my friend came back from the bathroom and she actually waited to pour the drink at our table til he came back to give us a little show... bc we're tourists like that.That thing was delicious, but I felt my teeth rotting from all the sugar-y-ness.  I was pretty full from the actual food so I didn't drink that much.  My gung ho friend did his best, probably a gulp or two left.  Food / sugar coma ensued afterwards.I was satisfied with this Plan B.I thought this place was amazing, despite the celebrity popularity and extremely tight security inside the shop. A uniformed cop standing by the entrance and walking around to make sure nobody is stealing the candy :) Nevertheless, I filled a bag with an assortment of tasty candy: sour gummies, cola bottles, peanut butter m&m's and Jelly Belly beans. I also had a cream cheese brownie. The cream cheese icing on top of this brownie was about 2 inches thick! I needed a fork. It was awesome. After washing down my brownie with a Fat Tuesday daiquiri, I was ready to rock the Vegas strip with my sugar and booze high! What a great night! Love this place - and I also liked the Sugar Factory inside Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. It's smaller - but it's still great and very convenient because we were staying at PH resort and casino. Can't wait to return!A hip spot on the corner of Paris, this dessert shop has a great menu selection of diabetes-inducing treats. The variety of flavors makes the Sugar Factory a nice destination for groups and everyone can find something they like. The biggest complain -by far- is the pricing. Nothing is reasonable and simple concoctions like hot chocolate are near $10. Ouch.Food was great! I always have crepes and there's are my favorite. I also tried appetizers such as Creamy Artichoke & Spinach Dip, Crispy Chicken Bites, and Bruschetta but it came in a small portion. Pretty cheap appetizers that were mostly like 9 bucks. The food came in a decent time considering the place is usually busy but calling a waiter is not very easy because they are always getting new customers. I can't wait to come back for dessert again though!Yayyy =) I'm a fan.

The patisserie Jean Philippe was wonderful --almost as good as those in Paris! It's not cheap...but you're in Vegas ..splurge a little!We will definitely go back to this place again - I'm sure with all the comments, they will hopefully listen and improve in different areas.Right when you walk into this hotel, your nostrils will be assaulted by the fragrance of Tahitian Vanilla. It's quite strong, but I can appreciate them covering up the smell of cigarette smoke.The rooms are spacious and very high-tech. I set my "alarm" to turn on the TV to CNN and open the curtains to wake me up.There are 3 pools and none of them are nearly as crowded as the other hotels (e.g. Encore Beach Club or Rehab at Hard Rock) although not nearly in the same league either.City Center is a great spot to be in order to quickly hop over to other hotels. Aria has a tram that will take you over to the Bellagio.I went here for my 21st birthday along with my girlfriend. We stayed only 2 nights and had the Sky Suite on the 35th floor with the Strip view.Originally I had requested the regular King room, and when I checked in and went to my room, it really didn't do a lot for me. First off when I inspected the room, there was what appeared to be a fairly large dried loogie of snot (sorry for the graphic description) on one of the pieces of furniture in the room. Secondly, the strip view from the room, although nice, was not the epic view I was looking for to celebrate my 21st with in Vegas.I returned to the hotel lobby and while waiting in line, was greeted by a very friendly young associate named Anthony, who ushered me over to a private desk and very casually told me about a special they had with the Sky Suites. I could not turn down the awesome deal the hotel was offering, and I got the 35th floor Suite with the strip view instead of the 22nd floor normal King room.The suite the hotel gave us was amazing, the 2 separate rooms were very nice, the architecture and the decor was all very modern and relaxing. I find the frill and fanciness of some classic hotels, even in the suites, to be too overwhelming for me. The bathroom is grand and the bathtub with jets is very nice. The shower is large with a bench and has a high swivel spout (which I love because I'm tall). The technology in the room is wonderful. From a bedside touch screen display, or from the televisions in either rooms, you can control every aspect of the room. Every single light individually (with brightness) or all of them at once, the curtains and black out shades to be drawn or closed, and the alarm setup (which can open the curtains). Plus you can also set up the do not disturb preferences and the house keeping requests from the panel or TV's. Room service you cannot do from the TV or Touchpad, but the room phone is wireless which makes everything pretty much seamless if you want to be super lazy.Floor 35's view of the strip was wonderful. My love and I stayed up till dawn watching the sun come up over the Eastern hills of the valley Vegas sits in. From our room we could see the airport and strip clearly, it was interesting seeing planes land "below" where you are.

- chee burger (awesome)

Burger- excellent flavor, cooked perfectly. 8/10

Crispy chicken skin - delicious..something diff

Innen, wie außen sehr angenehmes Ambiente. Der Innenraum etwas in die Jahre gekommen, aber trotzdem schön und gemütlich. Empfehlenswert.

-Lobster Pancakes

A nice experience.Rick's is a bit more unassuming than some of the other bars in the same area, hiding away beneath the basement area of Frederick Street, but really a lovely, chic little place to hang out of an evening and sip a beautifully chilled and superbly bubbly prosecco, much like I recently did. Mmmmm, prosecco, can't beat some fizzy, perfect temperature, liquid joy on a beaming sunny day.There is outside seating at Rick's, immediate tick in the bonus check list, plus it does a really tasty, classic but modern range of food, for meals at both lunch and dinner. I've done both before, and have no complaints, the service has always been friendly and efficient, and the dining experience as a whole has been really positive.Rick's definitely handles the mix of bar and restaurant well, with most people having no qualms about just sitting at the bar having a drink, while groups eat nearby. Some bar/restaurants make this an awkward experience, but the stylish, all round good looks of Rick's, and crucially its non-pretentiousness, make it a really attractive place to have a few cocktails with friends or have a relaxed banter over some food.I really have nothing to compare Rick's to, considering we were in Edinburgh for about 48 hours for a wedding and didn't really have the opportunity to explore the nightlife around the city. But that's not to say I didn't do my fair share of drinking thanks to Matty and friends behind the bar. They make some excellent cocktails, reasonably priced, and fabulous, friendly service. The rooms are really comfortable and sleek, but beware - it's quite difficult to sleep on the weekend evenings as the bars let out around 3am and the noise carries - FAR. My suggestion: take Matty's recommendation for the piano bar next door and stumble home at 3:30am. Problem solved.I went for an early dinner the other night. As it was before 6pm we had to go for the Lunch menu which is the 2 mains for a tenner. Good deal, although menu little limited. We both opted for the gnocchi with chicken and spinach in a very nice creamy sauce. A very filling meal.Also had a nice balsamic salad to share.My friend had some sort of chocolate brownie style dessert with mascarpone cheese, which we both enjoyed!

- Balconies with fantastic views

Native New Yorker (if hankering for wings, yum)

Bagoong fried rice is a must have!

-Zanzibar Chocolate (so so dark)

- The shishito peppers were ok.  Not crisp enough and the sauce was a touch too strong

I hope this local & original place does well.I think we have an up and coming Yelp favorite everyone! They have only been open a short time but the quality of the food is quite good. They have it set up so that one  goes through it in sort of an operational line, picking the items one wants in the pita, bowl or the dinner plate size, and the food is basically Lebanese. The seasoned rice (yes, I forgot what it is called) is amazing and for vegetarians there is a bevy of no-meat options. I did try the gyros meet with the dinner size option but the grilled eggplant is also quite good. They also have a seasonal veggie option and the day I went it was rainbow kale - kale, how cool is that one folks!I plan to go back and update my review after a few times but right now I would say this is a culinary gem located, as Juan B notes, in a strip mall, but that is sometimes where you find the best eating experiences, right? Looks like, based on Kory L's review, that I will have to try the falafel next time, sounds delicious! :-)Great concept and food. Went in for the first time tonight and got the falafel pita with eggplant and couscous. The falafel was better than most places in town but seemed to fall apart a little too easily. Will definitely be back hereDrove by this place & made a note to check it out.  Stopped to see what everyone on Yelp thought and that sealed the deal.  So many options, endless combinations, and a very friendly staff.  The food was delicious and I will definitely be heading back to sample some more.  What a bargain.  I opted for the "plate" which comes with 2 proteins, 2 veggies, 1 salad, toppers, and a sauce, oh! and hummus.  I wound up with chicken, beef, roasted veggies, the kale, chopped salad, hummus, olives, pickles, pita, garlic aioli, and a pita for under $10!Awesome med food, and they got the best gyros. I tried their Lamb gyro which was too good. They got variety of hummas and the way they serve food like chipotle is a good idea and different.Yum! They really have some very flavorful food, I loved the rice and hummus and the chicken was seasoned and cooked so well, the falafel was my fav.  I worry about food temps, I felt a little queezy a little while after eating, but it passed very fast, and it may not have had anything to do with the meal, but I automatically thought it could have because of how the food appeared...  I won't shy away from trying again if I am in the area...This place is pretty great.  I was thinking about Hummus Express earlier today because I plan on going tonight and I gleaked.  My mouth began water so much that I sprayed my disgusting spit all over the place like a dilophosaurus.Dude, try the beet hummus.  It's pink and looks awful and weird but it's amazing.  Their falafel is pretty damn solid.  I just love it, man.  I love the way it's set up.  I want more people to come and to support this awesome place.Yummy, fresh, fast Mediterranean . Generous portions and friendly staff. Definitely going to visit here often.I like this place, the food is fresh and authentic. Prices are good too think of it like a Mediterranean Chipotle style place. I always get the pita and have it topped with whatever I am feeling for lunch that day. Check it out if your'e in the neighborhood you will enjoy it.This place is great!  I had lunch at Hummus Xpress for the first time today and I will be back for more.I had a "bowl" and filled it with rice pilaf, gyro meat, ginger glazed carrots, jalapeno cilantro hummus, lentil kale salad and chose the whole wheat pita.  There are lot's of combinations to choose from and I will what to give them all a try.Don't be put off by the neighborhood, it's industrial and little dated.  The food is great, the service is great, and it's easy find and to get to.  Recommended!So delicious! Great for veg and nonveg ppl. The food is actually flavorful and pretty healthy. The service is also amazing really genuine and sincere. Loved it and would recommend it for lunch!Been to this place twice. I live in New Mexico. I was there a second time because I made sure to book the same hotel so I'd be close to this place.SO good. Lemonade with rosewater! Braised kale. Delicious chick pea and lentil salads. GREAT falafal. Good tzaziki. YUMMY baklavah.Had leftovers that I scarfed a few hours later at my hotel. I have a roving palate, but there was nothing I wanted more than more of my Hummus Xpress. Call first. I was sad to find out they were closed pretty early on the weekends.Went here for a quick lunch, was mightily impressed by the choices, combinations, and flavors. I chose to do a plate and selected the grilled tomatoes, lamb, and chicken schwarma. I proceeded to try the lentil salad, and other sides. There were many different types of hummus and sauces to choose from. I can't wait to come back and try the others!.I want to preface my review with the fact that my Mediterranean knowledge is based on a handful of places in the valley; some better than others, (in my opinion).  At the risk of the yelp*ing community throwing themselves off Camelback mountain, I have to say that Pita jungle sort of sets the bar for me when it comes to overall taste, portion size, and quality.  Having said that, I was fortunate to try Hummus Xpress (hard to take the place serious with the name) this afternoon.  Based on the reviews alone, I was expecting a lot and was not disappointed. Live music, handful of tables, not much of a line and fairly straightforward system of ordering.  If you read more than two other reviews, I don't have to repeat the process.  It was nice to get some guidance from the line, though I was a little confused by the pricing aspect: .60 cents per item on veggies.  I wasn't clear if that was across the menu or just that region but I was so aware of it that it kept me from really wanting to pile on anymore than a single veggie.  Portion size was adequate, the bowl can hold a lot of food and you fill the bowl easily with delicious ingredients.  I sampled a few flavors of hummus and too be honest, I prefer my hummus warm which this was not but was still tasty.  What seems like a limited menu actually is fairly vast and it would be possible to have the same thing twice only by accident.  Pitas were soft and warm and the iced tea was special.  Push-button iced tea is an abomination so it was nice to see handwritten exotic flavors that didn't make you roll your eyes.  Hummus Xpress (*sigh) is now in the rotation and on the board for a good quality lunch.Good gyro's. Great selections for toppings. Quick service. Ok hummus.If you like garlic, you'll love Hummus Xpress. They do not hold back! I don't know if it was any one item or everything but I had garlic mouth for the rest of the night. Luckily my boyfriend and I both got dinner so it was okay - haha!But besides sweating garlic I really liked this place. I love the Chipotle-style way of doing the food. I got a bowl with rice, beef, carrots, quinoa salad, classic hummus and tahini sauce. Everything was super fresh and flavorful. Some of the beef pieces were a tad on the dry side but overall it was good. Maybe it had been sitting a while? Also, the tatziki sauce was too strong for my taste so I would skip that next time. It's a lot of food. I ate half and was full so if you're like me you can easily get two meals out of a bowl.Boyfriend has been looking for good falafel for a while now and he said it was very good. It must have been because he ate it all before I could try any!The guys working behind the counter were really nice too. They were very patient and explained everything to us noobs. I will definitely be back for more!This place was TASTY!! It was a bit confusing at first figuring out how to order, but the owner was great and explained it all. I ended up with a hummus bowl + falafel for only like $5. The falafel were fresh and I liked both hummus's (hummusi? hummuses? hummus's?). I tried the red pepper and jalepeno ones. They also have shug. For those of you that don't know, shug is incredible. It's so spicy and amazing and no falafel/hummus feast is complete without it, yet it's annoyingly hard to find here. Hummus Xpress has deliciously fiery lovely shug that made my day. Overall, great place to check out and hopefully they open more locations!I have been here a couple of times now and love the variety of food and its very filling.Hummus Xpress was quite the pleasant surprise.  I enjoyed the variety of options, friendly/prompt service, and the fresh quality of food. It was very affordable and a great place to lunch it up. The establishment was clean(a big deal).I have to say that I was taken aback by the freshness and quality of the food here. I was a little nervous about eating at a place in a strip mall, but am very happy that I was convinced to do so. The food was delicious, the staff was very helpful in helping me pick out items, and the portions are extremely generous. The staff described the setup/ordering as "Chipotle, for Mediterranean food". This place kicks that 'C' word restaurant's butt. Cannot wait to return. Rice, veggies, gyro meat, hummus, feta cheese, sauce, and pita were all delicious. I'm salivating while typing this up... sorry keyboard :)The food is very good to the point of being unique.  You can get most of what is served here elsewhere, if you stop at several different restaurants, but I think you'd be hard pressed to find a single place that does what Hummus Xpress does.This is the third or fourth time I've been here but  it occurred to me today that if you're one of those people who doesn't like their food touching this might not be the place for you since everything kind of goes into one big pile.  Frankly it makes for some very interesting flavors, but it may not be for everyone.I really liked the concept of picking your own toppings, etcetera. Each item I picked was well done and tasted great. I was impressed.  The flavor blended well together on the plate. The portion was sizable. I have it four stars as the meat had been sitting and was ok and the pita was reheated and dried out. I will go back for sure.Went for the first time yesterday with a friend for lunch, right at the height of noon.  They were busy, but handling the rush.  I had a falafel plate, and while I had a short wait for the falafel, the taste of everything was outstanding.  My plate was falafel, eggplant, regular hummus, rice, some veggies and goat cheese with a regular pita (wheat was an option).  My friend had chicken.  We both left full and happy!!  Very affordable for a fresh lunch option in Tempe, healthy and filling as well.  I will definitely be back.  Glad to be the 100th review  Whoo hoooo.This place is great. Awesome hummus and great veggie options. Meat has always been good and you can get lunch for under $8.The Chipotle of the Mediterranean. Fresh, flavorful and fast. The tea tasted like it was actually brewed in the back, not from a mix. I hadn't ever been here before, but if I lived or worked in this area I'd be a regular.The menu was a bit confusing but essentially you choose a meat, rice, hummus and other toppings. The Yelp check in bonus was a free iced tea. The serving sizes were generous enough that I couldn't finish it all for lunch, and all of the flavors went together really well. Plenty of vegetarian and low carb options since you could trade something out for the meat or rice portions of the dish.Staff was friendly and helpful even with a busy lunchtime crowd. I needed sugar for my tea since there wasn't any at the beverage station and someone ran into the back to get me some. Unfortunately, he came back with salt, which I dumped in and then nearly gagged at. Second time was the charm though, and the tea was great.Food is very very bold here with lots of distinct flavors. Was recommended by the dudes behind the counter to go with the bowl. Comes with rice, 1 meat, 1 veggie, 1 salad and as many fix-in toppings your heart desires. Cucumbers, feta cheese, pickled radishes, and tzatziki sauce. On the side was warm pita bread. Also took advantage of the yelp check in for a free tea. The only thing that bothered me was the temperature inside of the restaurant. It was so warm that I felt like I had just entered a sauna. We had no choose but to order to-go.We happened on this place by accident the other day. We were waiting for our car to be done at the mechanic so we wandered down Broadway, saw this place and decided to grab some food... Best accident ever! We were greeted by a very friendly staff, who explained how it all worked. Basically, they're a self-proclaimed Mediterranean Chipotle, but SO MUCH BETTER! You have a choice of a pita, a bowl or a plate. We chose a plate, and opted to share it, and it was more than enough food! You get saffron rice, and then choose your veggie (we went with grilled zucchini and kale), and your protein (chicken, falafel, gyro, beef), we chose gyro. Then you move down and pick your hummus, they usually have 3 or 4 different flavours (we went with cilantro jalapeno), and salad (we got tabouleh). But wait! You're not done yet! Then you pick your "accessories": diced onions, pickles, olives, lettuce, tomatoes, etc etc. All designed to compliment your meal. We went with diced onions, pickles and kalamata olives. Oh my goodness. This was seriously the best $11 I've ever spent at a restaurant. The gyros was tender and flavourful, the saffron rice was a great touch. The veggies weren't soggy. The cilantro jalapeno hummus had an amazing kick to it, and we thought it was better than most of the hummus you find at Trader Joes, AJ's, etc. The tabouleh was so bright and refreshing. The portion in the plate was perfect for the two of us to share. They didn't really skimp on anything. I was thoroughly impressed with the whole thing. The guys were super nice, the food was amazing and the price was more than right. The only downside which caused me to take away a star, was that there didn't seem to be a restroom. We thought it was a little odd, but then, we also didn't ask if there was restroom. But since there's usually a sign indicating where the potty is, and the only door led back to kitchen, it seemed safe to assume there was no where to go... if you needed to... you know... go. Other than that, I highly recommend Hummus Xpress!Meat was amazing and the concept was different. You should get the plate and have the lamb meat, soooo good.Me and my boyfriend are avid hummus fans and have thus made it our mission to try hummus at every restaurant we can. This place is freaking amazing. Everything is delicious and full of flavor. Now, this place definitely has some inefficiency issues, especially when it comes to making the pita. There point of sale system is also kind of slow (and I have my suspicious about the staff).  This can be upsetting when getting to-go orders as it effects the temperature of the food. But this is my only complaint and will certainly not keep me from coming here. Their set up is that of a chipotle style, they press the pita at the beginning (or at least that is the intention, if you get something with pita on the side, they wait until the end which slows down the process) and you pick your sides, meat, hummus and toppings. Everything ends up being kinda mixed together but is still good. I even liked the rice, which I don't typically like but I'm having suspicions that I just inherently like Mediterranean style rice. *Gyro meat- great

The olive oil & garlic fries are the MUST HAVE ITEM on the menu~

4. Select cheese

Poopy finally passed at 3:19 p.m. October 1st 2015. Be with God and RIP.Lunch Special = One of the best values in town!I have been to Gourmet Wok close to ten times. Lunch specials are $3.99, include an eggroll, and are plenty of food for me--and I have a big appetite! The food is classic American Chinese Food. My Chinese girlfriend enjoys the food. The restaurant is cozy with a small t.v. in one corner that keeps me updated with the sports scores from time to time--but is not intrusive or loud. The atmosphere is casual and clean--just tables and chairs, nothing fancy. We have enjoyed eating in and taking out. A great place for an inexpensive, casual, Chinese-food lunch!Over the past five years I have eaten at Gourmet Wok 15-20 times. I have eaten in and carried out. The food (especially the Lunch Special) is a good value and consistently tastes good to me. Not fancy...just a  nice, hearty meal. The serving size is ample and the workers are friendly.Tasty cheap Chinese food. It's nothing fancy, just an order at the county place with cheap tables and chairs in case you want to eat in. Mostly a takeout place.Lunch specials are just under $5 bucks, and they're pretty good. You get an eggroll, that actually tastes fresh, instead of that premade stuff everyone serves, a big pile of fried rice, and your entree. Portions are huge, like at some places, but it's certainly filling, and for the price, you just can't beat it.It's not the BEST chinese food in the world, but if you're on a budget this place is awesome.Any place that has boba tea gets an extra star from me. :)This place is just down the street from me. However, I never gave it a try until yesterday. I'm glad I finally stopped in. I got the lunch special with cashew chicken, fried rice and an egg roll for $4.25. You heard right...$4.25!!! And it was cooked to order, very tasty, and filling. I will definitely be back. I just wish I had tried it sooner. They have a large selection of dishes, and I'm looking forward to sampling more of the menu.Went in for lunch and had the special chicken chow mein for 4.25$ was totally yummy! Still not a fan of their egg rolls but the rice was a lot better this time! Super cheap and quick!Pretty dam good!! Just moved in around the corner and read some good reviews... I have to say it was a great feeling to know I now have a good Chinese place nearby!cheap chinese food here, large portions, there dumplings here are very good. 10 for like 5$ or something. good deal. There chicken cashew was okay, F/R is good. everything else was good, but nothing else stuck out that amazed me. There sesame chicken was edible and taste good, but they could do better.Very reasonably price for great quality food. Love their shrimp fried rice with bean sprouts.Prices are great for quick chinese food.  If you're used to Panda...go to Panda.  Here, you've got a real chinese man cooking in the back not a Mexican.  It's not fancy...but I don't need fancy when I just want Chinese food.  Fortunately, I know how to select good food choices and not have to opt for ordering teriyaki chicken in a Chinese joint.  4 stars for cheap prices, quick food, generous portions and tasty enough to satisfy my hunger...after a long day.If you haven't tried this lately, you gotta go again. Changed hands and now does Hawaiian and Chinese. Food is much better than before....everything we have tried was excellent (especially the Hawaiian BBQ chicken)  Add good prices to great food,  and  make it a definite recommendation for usUsed to be just Chinese food-new owners serving Hawaiian and Chinese food.  The style, more like Hawaiian-Chinese-tasty and affordableAfter u get past the smell you'll love the food and their big portions. Will definitely be going back to this place. Awesome fried rice and katsuFast lube and smog checks.This is my spot to get my oil changed.  The staff is super friendly and very efficient.  I love how they don't try to sell me things but suggests them to me so I can go home and research them to see if i really want to have it done or not.I had something popping out from my side panel on the driver side and have been lagging to take it to the dealer to get it fix but when i went in to get my oil changed, they fixed it for me without even asking me!  Love them!If you want great service go here!  If you don't want to waste your entire day at the dealer or some other lube service place, go here!I always come here to get my oil change. friendly staff and free car wash!Ok, so I just bought one of those monthly packages for the Outlaw carwash.  I can take my car as many times as like for $30 a month.  I really like my Jet to look her best, so I think this deal will be well worth it to me!Yay I AM a fan, and it was a cool surprise to find a bar dedicated to the Michigan Wolverines on game day today! Nice vibe (albeit smoky at times), a ton of maize & blue regalia and decor including a custom linoleum M lower floor and a wall-to-wall Go Blue shrine. The bartenders play the cowbell intermittently just like in the Big House. Found out that one of the veteran bartenders was singlehandedly responsible for transforming this Inn Zone location into a Michigan hang. The main projection screen could've been a bit brighter, but it didn't matter as we chose to sit at the bar where there were HD flat screens. One cannot choose the bar that their elder fellow alumni decide to hang out at. It doesn't work that way. Traditions are established, and fortunately the Inn Zone is suitably cool with the right amount of dive-y attitude. The place is windowless, but it's clean and the drinks are reasonably priced (Jameson on the rocks for $4) and the bartenders are super friendly. The corner cutout pickup window to the kitchen (which serves finger food and burgers - cash only) reminds me of a cross between two Ann Arbor classics: Backroom Pizza and Blimpy Burger. For the Yelp record: the state universities in Michigan are not created equal. 2.5-3.0GPA students go to Western Michigan, Central Michigan and Michigan State. You need at least a 3.4 to get into the University Of Michigan as long as your SATs are in the 90th percentile. 36% of U of M students come from out-of-state, compared to a measly 9% out-of-state enrollment at Michigan State. No one truly aspires to go to Michigan State, which explains why many Michigan State alumni have a chip on their shoulder. Michigan State has one of the highest acceptance rates of any state university in the country. Not to mention their campus is pretty ugly in a government-building kind of way. Poor Spartans.GO BLUE!Mark this down and as a good ol' fashioned bar.  It has been here forever by Las Vegas Standards!  It is a Michigan sports Bar.It has a few pool tables, a pretty big bar, and some decent bar food.  It is super laid back and just a regular joint.I stopped by there for Happy Hour.  They had buckets of Labatts for practically nothing.  I would say I got a little tipsy... everyone in the club was gettin tipsy...I had some fingers and fries.  Now pay attention - the french fries were so damn tasty.  They had a seasoning on them with parmesan cheese.  It was crazy good.  I know they were just fries, but I would say they could win a fry contest!Probably not the place for the snooty - but a great low key hang out place!Since 7-11 is like wal-mart, u pretty much know  where to go when u get in there.  So without fail I knew exactly where to go but the difference is always in how ur treated and for a gas station I must say good job.  I'm done.Oh thank Heaven! LOL.This place is super close to my apartment! I go here when we are on our way back from the gym, bc I usually ready to die and need some oj! I like the sandwiches z9the fresh 711 brand) that they have here. The turkey with chipotle mayo is yummy!The clerks here are nice and the place itself is clean. They also have a Redbox.  Come here if you need some candy or a quick bite to eat!I came in to get a solid pair of footwear. A seasoned gentlemen gave me some tips and knew the brands well. Good experienceMe and my husband went here for specific items for his job. It was a nice organized place and the staff was very accommodating.They answered all our queries and gave us options in the things he needed for his duty belt. Would definitely go back if we are looking for more stuff.Dont judge a book by its cover or a leader by its followers. I've been seeing Dr. Joya since I moved out here in 2010. Coming from a small town where you didn't have to shop for a provider (bc there was always only a dr. a or dr. b), I was referred to Dr. Joya and have not seen anyone else since. I felt silly visiting him at first bc clearly his patients are usually older folk, but upon my first visit, he was very astute, attentive and full of wisdom. He listens and always has a case study or evidentiary support to accompany his diagnosis. Most importantly, is his attentiveness. Sure his patients are usually older n he is older himself, n his office reflects this, but his knowledge and experience runs long, and it is most beneficial when seeing patients who come in for all kinds of weird diseases- common and uncommon. Now this isn't to say that he's old school. His knowledge is current too, so he provides a wealth of help in getting down to the bottom of your health concerns. He specializes in Internal medicine, but he is not quick to slap a prescription in your face. Like I said, he listens and probes to truly understand the issues at hand. Dont judge a book by its cover or a leader by its followers. If you want a provider who listens and works with you and not for you, Dr. Joya is a worthy shot.I have been seeing Dr. Joya for 20 years My Mother and Father in law were seeing him even before that. I only had one problem in all those years. Dr. Joya wrote me a Dr.'s note and my boss checked with them that yes, I had been seen on this date for this problem. they should have told them nothing, not even that I am a patient. It caused a few issues for me, but that was many years ago by an person who no longer works there.I would recommend Dr. Joya.We stayed at the hotel and has a great time gambling here.  Very fast cocktail services when you're playing the machines.  They make a decent tequila sunrise and bloody mary.  We joined the player's club and earned a few cool freebies.  Not the greatest casino out there, and not the reason to stay at the hotel.  It's really comfortable and relaxed.My husband an I have been opting to play at Rampart instead of Red Rock and the Palms because they give the best promotions. Instead of giving away things I don't really need like ill designed housewares we get cash or credits on food. We didn't even play that much and they gave us $25.00 a week in free play. Then on top of that there's this drawing they have once a week . My husband already won 2 free buffets (I know their buffet isn't that special), and $50.00 in food credits that you can use anywhere on the property. We also get mailers that have get 2 buffets for free. It isn't like Red rock where you have to buy one in order to get one free. We also get $20.00 off any restaurant in those mailers. Where at the Palms gives us $30.00 between my husband and I but in order to use that we would have to eat at Simon . I doubt very seriously you can feed two people at Simon for that amount! The slots here are decent and up to date.  I'm pretty sure it's easier to accumulate points here because we don't play often but we get a good amount of rewards.Changes are happening since the recent operational merge of the J.W. Marriott with the Rampart Casino. They are now sending gaming offers good throughout the casino and Marriott, including a discount on hotel stays. There is no escaping the advanced demographic of a majority of the customers here, but there have been recent inklings that they are trying to cater to the "youngsters".Rock 'N Roll Wine had an event here last month in the hotel restaurant Ceres that was well attended, and hopefully they will do it again. The Marriott had a nightclub years ago, and now they have a pseudo martini bar with a happy hour. I enjoy the "lounge act" (musician) at the center bar, and the casino has a good variety of gaming options. There are quite a few restaurants here including a decent Irish pub.Oh Rampart how I hate to love you sometimes, and love to love you! First it is good to note that this casino is not very large at all, in fact it is quite small.  The crowd is mostly older folks, 50+, but I've noticed at times waves of young people come from time to time.  I have been going to Rampart just about every week for the past 6 months, and I keep coming back.  They have these cool U1 machines which offer awesome video graphics for video poker, keno, and slots; the chairs are super comfortable and you can reserve the machines for up to 6 minutes if you need to walk away!  After I have spent my free play and a little more I usually check out the Irish pub located right between the casino and hotel, nice little spot with live music on Fridays, possibly Saturdays too, but I've yet to go inside on that day. The ambiance is nice, the cocktail waitresses are SUPER fast and SUPER friendly, and the patrons as chatty and fun as well.  It is a favorite place of mine that I intend to keep coming to again and again.  Give it a try if you're around!Decent sized venue with many options. Though it was a bit of a challenge to find a black jack table that wasn't too full or too expensive, they do exist here. The dealers seemed capable and friendly. The bevs came by with some regularity. The Rewards Program is a question mark to me as I signed up rather close to the end of the official day. So, I had almost no time to accrue anything to then trade in for a chance at a prize and other excitement. Ah well. There were some bands playing there -- one in an exposed lounge, and another in what appeared to be a theatre. The smoke quotient? Not horrible, but still noticeable to some degree.We just moved in town and wanted to try "local casinos". Rampart's not bad on slot machines and video pokers, we got a chance to play for a while with our budget compare to casinos on the strip.  The rewards program is pretty friendly. We went there 2 times because of the draws.  One thing that really bother us is the smoke, it's so strong that made our throats sore.  We wanted to stay longer but we could not stand the smoke so we had to leave. By the way the entertainment was great, on Friday and Saturday nights, we love the band at the bar, they're awesomed!!I come here whenever I'm visiting my in-laws. I always have a good time. The payouts are way better than on the Strip. The vibe is mellow.I have had great luck at Rampart. It's my favorite place to gamble.

We ventured up the street past the park and up to the last parking lot to check out the trails. We spotted some kid play areas along the way. It's nice having some hiking trails (Amargosa) so close to the dog park. Tire out the pooch a bit so he doesn't pull his leash as much!

It is in a residential area where most of the homes have been converted to art galleries, shops, a coffee house or in this case, a bar and live music venue (as well as an art gallery).There's little signage outside so the only real indication that you're not just walking up to a random person's house is that you'll probably hear the crowd from outside and on weekends (particularly First Friday) you'll probably see people outside waiting to get in because it gets packed.

I've had many banh mi's in Garden Grove (Little Saigon) and in Los Angeles as well as in San Diego.  As my Vietnamese friends tell me, Lee's are OK.  There are definitley better ones but I give them 4 stars for coming out to Arizona and setting up a well run sandwich shop and giving fairly affordable and tasty food.I've lived where there are four of these shops in the same strip mall (Seattle, Houston)  and while Lee's isn't the best ever, the fact that it exists  and is clean and tasty makes me really appreciate it.  I can't for the life of me understand why anyone would order off the "American" menu....I don't care if this place is known as the "McDonalds" of the Vietnamese sandwich world.  So long as they can serve me an awesome sandwich under $3, then they're okay in my book.  So quit crying about "ow the hard bread cuts the roof of my mouth."  If you want a wuss sandwich, then go down the street to Subway.If you take a gander at my profile you'll note that I have a penchant for ingesting food that would make a normal persons' stomach turn. That's right! Andrew Zimmern(BIzzare foods fame) is a pansy  and thus, what I usually saunter in for is their Durian shake.  So if you visit this place and suddenly smell some noxious fumes , look around for a daffy, grinning bloke holding a shake.For 3 bucks their sandwiches are awesome (only cash please... wha.??!!). Overall in the grand cosmic view of things actually "Meh". Barbeque pork is my fave but have tried most of their other varieties as well.I 've nailed down the reason for me liking the sandwich to the pickled daikon and carrots as well as their eggy mayo that they lather in, topped with their fresh cilantro.  The meat used has always been rather tough and unappetizing. However they have way more choices in terms of desserts smoothies baguettes. The ambience is very similar to a fast food joint in HK, South Korea etc.Lets just say that any place that has footlong sandwiches for less than $3 automatically gets at least 3 stars. I've had sandwiches in more authentic places and honestly, they werent that much better. For those people who are not so keen into the Vietnamese style sandwiches they do have delicious sandwiches on buttery broissants for not too much more. Lee's seems to do a little bit of everything, and they do it pretty decently. The smoothies and boba here are pretty run of the mill, nothing too special. The gelato is sub-par compared to other places nearby. However, the danishes and baked goods are pretty good and all for a good price. I would stay away from the lettuce-ridden goi-cuon(vietnamese summer rolls) and the pate chauds which are more of a hassle to clean up than anything and way too much work to get at the tiny ball of pate in the middle. Some shining stars there are the grilled pork sandwich, the special combination sandwich, and the hot ham and cheese croissant pastries(make sure to get there early so these are fresh).  Don't forget to bring cash although they do have an atm right in the middle of the restaurant.AMAZING Vietnamese sandwiches!!!! the BEST in Phoenix!

A  warning to anyone wanting a 5:30 pickup when ordering online.  That time is offered but when we arrived we were told they didn't open until 5:30 and the chef had just started the preparation. My guests were due at 6:00 and I  had wanted the food already there.Its EVP, so you know the coffee is going to be great. I've only tried one of their soups, and it was full of undercooked vegetables and it was somehow greasy and watery besides being under seasoned. So I can't really recommend them for lunch based on that.I would give them a 5 stars for coffee, 4 stars for ambiance, and 2 stars for food. The service has always been friendly if somewhat disorganized.It's kind of a peaceful oasis near an open green space, which is nice to escape to on my work break.What can I say? EVP has amazing coffee that my partner loves, so I pick up whole beans for him from time to time. They've also got a killer Chai latte.This location is, I believe, their most recent. It's near my workplace, so I occasionally take a walk over and grab myself some chai and a baked treat. Today's visit included a big fat peanut butter cookie. Yum. We picked up a few iced coffees for our co-workers, too. Group orders are a regular thing. :)This location has lots of windows, plenty of seating; and of course the great products and service you find at all the EVP locations in town. They've never been packed when I'm in, but they seem to have a steady stream of business.Of all the coffee shops in town, I'm so glad I have an EVP within walking distance.Excellent, EXCELLENT taqueria here in Middleton. I'm so excited to have this great little spot right down the road from us. They've only been open in this new location for a couple of weeks but we've already been multiple times. Pretty much everything I've tried has been very good, from the tacos, to burritos, to tamales, and quesadillas. All ingredients all seem very fresh and are invariably tasty. To be clear, this review is for the new store and taqueria location just behind where the old market used to be. Fortunately all the market goods are still available (in a MUCH larger, lighter and brighter store no less) and the addition of a kitchen is a great boon! Guys, you will come to know me well and I look forward to trying many more of you specialties as we go. That being said, you must let me teach you how to make California burritos (a San Diego favorite!). They will be an absolute hit here in WI!I can't say enough about how tasty this homemade food is. The owners are humble, smiley and kind, I always enjoy talking to them about the story behind every dish they make. Besides, you can see how excited they get explaining from what region of Mexico every dish comes from and how proud they are of cooking them as authentic as possible. They have a small grocery store with a little bit of everything and a counter (you can see it right away once you enter the place) where you order the food and then they bring it to your table, they have a few tables there.So far, I have tried their tacos (the order comes with 3 tacos, your choice of meat, rice and refried beans) I liked the Al pastor tacos a lot, also some of their stews (guisados) Pollo en Adobo (that's when you forget your "etiquette" and lick your fingers, is that gooood) Chicken Soup (shredded chicken, cubed carrots and potatoes, tomatoes, chayote and a little tickle of chipotle chile, yummyyyyy, the chicken quesadilla is good also, I love that the tortilla doesn't get soggy and that the cheese is not that stringy. They have many kinds of beverages from Mexico and Central America, also beer but I think they don't let you drink it inside of the establishment. It is a little tiny bit more expensive than other small Mexican restaurants but it is so worth it! You have to try to it for yourself. Buen Provecho! :)I like this place, or well it's decent. The actual techs and nurses are always really nice and helpful, and make you feel comfortable there. The front desk staff is hit or miss.

TIP:  Damon's has closed (not surprised)My Faves (for food):

Puis pour le prix ont est loin des 10-12$... Comme de plus en plus d'endroit d'ailleurs... C'est entre 15-20$ le plat, mais largement justifié pour ce qui a dans l'assiette !!!

1.  Make sure you get a room in the main tower.  A good fountain view (from at least the 20th floor) may be your preference the first time you stay here, but it will be noisy.  You will hear the fountain shows every 15-30 minutes until midnight.  A pool view is quieter.

- no casino which is fine by us. Essentially attached to planet hollywood's mall.Basically, we got wayyy more than we were expecting. For a rating of the room and service, definitely 5 stars. A few general  criticisms for posterity:- Main criticism is that the sales pitch is kind of brutal. We were very upfront about the fact that we were not candidates for the timeshare, but gave them a chance to do the pitch and actually had a really nice sales guy. However, at the end of the pitch when they realized we weren't biting, they brought over this older dude who turned into a total dick. My boyfriend recently moved cities with me as I started grad school and is looking for a new job, and the guy goes "get a job son, you need to make a living" and made several other inappropriately a-hole comments. He really ruined what had otherwise been a pleasant experience with the first sales rep.- as for the rooms themselves, they are perfect for short hotel stays but there were little things we noticed where they skimped on quality - misaligned hinges, cheap/fake wood everywhere, bathroom glass doors that slam shut every time. That said this room was wayyyy nicer than most hotel rooms I've stayed in! To summarize, it's a place I would definitely book again, I just wouldn't buy it. For those who do the same deal, we went to pampas for the dinner (solid) and then zombie burlesque (sounds weird and random but was recommended to us by the ticketing lady and was actually very. entertaining and funny!)Also for those who are actually considering buying a timeshare, hold out to the end and they'll make the deal even sweeter with extra bonuses etc.The Elara has been one of my favorite places to stay in Las Vegas. I was initially turned off by the location just because it's not on the main strip but it's a short cab ride/walk to all the entertainment and it's definitely worth it! The Elara is a Hilton hotel and may not be in the most appealing Vegas neighborhood but its interior makes up for it. I can't speak much for the entertainment within the hotel but I absolutely loved our room. It had everything we needed to enjoy our downtime away from the strip. The interior is black, red and white. The decorations are hip and modern. Our room included a large black and white photograph of Marilyn Monroe on a red wall as the backdrop. The room included a kitchen with a stove, sink, cabinets filled with dishware and a microwave which is great for warming up food during late night munchie hours. They have a living area with a pull out bed that faces a flat screen TV. The bed fits around two people and there's enough couch space for two other people should they want to sleep on the couches. Our suite had a bedroom that included a jacuzzi tub. This was awesome. Friends can chill on the bed while others hang out in the tub all while being in the same room. The bedroom is connected to the door leading to the restroom. The restroom was decently sized. We ordered room service at one point late at night. I enjoyed my chicken tenders and my friend who woke up in the middle of the night in search of a bite to eat was thankful for our microwave to heat up his left over dinner. Our room was spacious, had all the amenities we needed and was cheaper than staying on the strip without being ridiculously far from it. I would definitely make a point of staying here again.I stay here on my business trips to Vegas. The rooms are cheap and I still get Hilton points which is a huge bonus to me. The Junior Suites are worth the upgrade. The rooms are very upscale and the location is ideal for me as I like to eat and gamble across the street at Cosmo.Nice one bedroom suite at this hôtel, located at 36 level, with spacious, with jacuzzi side the best, Nice little kitchen with yo make cooking by yourself. At reception desk i like  somme good people for my stay so good.Of course i like this because no machine slots  inside,  close to miracles mall,  with 24/24  market.OK the bad  now,  valet is not free 15 $ per night  wifi  not  inclus in the  price.Junior suite, Thursday-Sunday. The kitchenette has a mini fridge, micro, toaster, coffee maker dishes, glasses, utensils etc. this made for very comfortable stay being able to bring a few things to eat and drink without paying to eat out every meal.Pros- You get a very hip upscale feel here.  Very nice looking place well maintained and clean. Kitchenette, views of the strip, excellent location (nearly on the strip), very nice pool. Elevator access to rooms has security accessCons- surcharge for wifi, self parking is a pain which almost makes valet a necessity along with the $15/day charge for valet. They don't allow outside drinks at the pool.My bf and I stayed here for 4 nights this hotel is beautiful with gorgeous view. We always stay at the Venetian anytime we are in Vegas but this time we wanted to try something different and this place was awesome the staff let us check in early the view of the Eiffel Tower was gorgeous from our room and living room. This hotel is in the middle of everything. We will be booking this hotel again oh and there are no hidden resort fees that's a plus in my book :-)Stayed here on a promotional trip as we're owners with Hilton in another location. I can only comment on our room and the services we took advantage of, there were many things we didn't utilize such as the pool, bar, or room service. Check in was easy and fairly quick, the lobby and entrance coming in from the parking area is gorgeous. Everything looks modern and new. You need your room key to get to the guest elevators which is a small annoyance when there's a lot of people in line, but appreciated the "security" aspect of it. Our smart room technology suite was awesome! A full kitchen with dishwasher, living room with a projection screen, bedroom with a jacuzzi tub (which we didn't use), and bathroom with big stand up shower, double sink, and separate stall for the toilet. View from our windows were excellent. Our shades are controlled by switches, and there's TVs (4 + projector) in every room. The location is great, we're connected to the Miracle Mile Shops and can easily walk through to get to the strip. Bellagio is across the street, Planet Hollywood next door, and many places to eat and shop nearby. Concierge was helpful in booking excursions, shows, and referring us to services we wanted. Would definitely come back'This place is beautiful inside and the rooms are great! I have stayed here on numerous occasions and have enjoyed my stay each time. The bed is fabulous, pillows are heavily, and each room has a mini kitchen. Right now I am on the 36th floor and the color scheme is orange instead of the black and red on the other floors I have had...I don't prefer it but, it's alright. Most of the other rooms are modern and have a young vibe. I absolutely love this place because I can get away from the craziness of the strip yet, have everything close by and full access to a casino without ever going outside. Planet Hollywood is literally a walk away without going outside, along with food and shopping. Enjoy your stay!!!As we pulled up to the Elara, trying to find where to park can be a challenge. It is a shared parking garage between Elara, Planet Hollywood, and the Miracle Mile Shops. This was the only timeshare in the Hilton Grand Vacations Club family that we had not stayed at and wanted to give it a try. The hotel/timeshare has 1201 rooms and soars 52 floors above the Strip.* Parking Tip: Park on any level near the center elevators. Take the elevators or escalators (if you don't have too much luggage) to Level 3. There is a walkway directly into the Elara. Otherwise, you will have to walk through the mall with your luggage in tow.The One Bedroom Suite has a full kitchen with stainless steel appliances, light cookware, and self-brew coffeemaker; Living area with 42" flat-screen TV, sleeper sofa, club chairs, coffee table and 8-foot HD Home Theatre Projector; High-speed wireless internet access; Bathroom has a 15" TV, washer/dryer combo, enclosed shower and toilet, and oversized jet stream tub. The windows are floor to ceiling with automatic shade retraction during the day and closure when it's time to sleep. The décor is very boutiquey with red painted walls in the kitchen/living room, red L-shaped sofa bed, and zebra-print lounge in the bedroom. We had a southern vantage with views of MGM Grand, Mandalay Bay, Monte Carlo, and City Center. The pool looked beautiful from the room, but was too busy to try when the sun was out. The clouds starting moving in and closed our chance for sunbathing.Having a full kitchen in your room has its advantages. We have a standard box that we bring that contains a non-stick frying pan, Brita water pitcher, and other kitchen necessities that the timeshares don't usually have. Plus, we bring a food staple of powdered drinks like iced tea and lemonade; refrigerated items that wouldn't last in our home refrigerator while we were gone, and select frozen items like salmon fillets, pizza, etc. to make during the trip. For lunch, I made a sesame chili marinated salmon fillet atop salad and inside whole wheat naan as a sandwich with some lettuce and cucumber.I would have given this 5 stars but there were a few policies that I don't agree with when it comes to hotels and things they should do.  Overall the service was excellent and they did do everything they could to make me happy despite their policies especially since I am a Hilton Grand Vacations Club owner.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Rooms were of excellent quality and fantastic decor. Beds were like sleeping in clouds. Automatic night shades were useful.  Our view wasn't great- just the top of a bunch of buildings but we didn't really request anything specific.  Room service was prompt and the breakfast was decent. It's fairly close to the strip and connected to plant hollywood. This hotel itself does not have a casino or many food places but there are several very close. There is a 24 hour Sbux. Super Plus-- all rooms are No smoking so your clothes don't all smell like smoke before you even step out the door. I don't think I even saw anyone smoking inside the hotel at all.  The pool was not as crowded as others I've been to but they could have used some more lounge chairs since these were very difficult to acquire. My four very picky complaints:

Prices are slightly high, especially if you are getting that 20 meal deal. Then again I cant speak or compare prices to the popular fried chicken franchises since I haven't stepped foot in them in last fifteen plus years.

The original pork and lamb tasted damn good.Best way to eat was to bite a small hole, suck up the soup and enjoy the dumplings.

Good prices, too.p.s. I think I only gave 4 stars because I actually hate furniture shopping (like all guys), it's a prime place.No pressure salesI wasnt sure what to expect when we went to American Home Furniture to purchase a living room set. I was pleasantly surprised at the large selection and great pricing.  American Home Furniture has all latest styles, with most items in stock and available for immediate pick up or home delivery within 48 hours.What I appreciate the most about American Home Furniture is their  low pressure sales philosophy, you won't find sales associates following you all over the store.  You can browse the store ans find exactly what ypur looking for. American Home Furniture makes shopping enjoyable and convenient.This is a new restaurant to discover in town! Fresh seafood and friendly service by the staff. Head on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/10/12/les-9-muses-greek-food-with-a-twist/Greek food at its finest, authentic and fresh. I came to this restaurant with business colleagues and had a great meal which all enjoyed. The owner prepared a special vegetable plate for me while the others had veal, chicken and fish plates.Greek donuts for desert was a nice touch.I just came back from Les 9 Muses, and I must say I was impressed. Let me start by saying the staff is absolutely wonderful and very accommodating. The food is extremely fresh, it is simply cooked, and that's just the way I like it. Some restaurants put so much sauce, or garlic or dressing that it mask they actual taste of the food. At Les 9 Muses, you taste authentic Greek food. Lamb was amazing, chicken breast was good, maybe just a tad dry. Their Greek salad is to die for. Last but not least dessert (loukoomades) was melt in your mouth good. Everything was so fresh, even dessert. Prices are very reasonable. A must try.We were skeptical, but we were pleasantly surprised. We priced Michael Jackson One Cirque du Soleil tickets directly from Mandalay Bay. $320. for 2 - in the nose bleed section no less!  Went on Craigslist to see what we could find and found MJ1 tickets advertised for $90 each with LV Show Tickets, LLC. We drove 120-miles to LV from our home in So. Utah and met a LV Show Ticket rep at the theater. She was even helpful enough to give us insider info on valet parking at Mandalay Bay. We were still skeptical so we asked to verify the tickets were valid before handing over the money. She was very forthright and said go ahead. We did and all was on the up & up. The show was amazing!  The only downer was while they guaranteed the 1st 10-rows, we were on the very front row. They did exactly what they promised but 1st row was a bit too close for this show. We'd love to see it again, but preferably, a few rows back.  We'll definitely use this business again and have already shared their business card with our close freinds. Not sure what reviewer John S. experienced, but that wasn't our experience. If you don't believe me, email me little.treasures.sg@gmail.com.First visit this evening and I must say Dustin can make a cocktail! First off, if u go on a Tuesday it's 30% off mescal (my fave spirit) as well as tequila.  All I can say is the talent behind the new Mabel's is a keeper! All around a comforting environment & in loved sitting at the bar. I have a sweet spot for a bartender to give recommendations based on my palate & this is what you will receive here.  Happy Hour is 4-7 with half-priced specialty cocktails. Please make it your next cocktail destination & see Dustin on Tue, Thu and Saturday. I can't wait to go back again.I've only been in for Happy Hour/Dinner, so I'll save a 5-star review for when I return later at night.This place is very similar to "Mabel's On Main," but with a smaller food menu.Some tasty appetizers (the flatbreads are delicious), some great burgers, but not too much else.You really want to go here for the awesome food/drink specials (Happy Hour goes until 7 and includes $2-$3 beers, as well as half-off cocktails.  YUM.The place was pretty deserted when we came in, so hey, come check this place out!

nice new massage chairsCONS

You can see my reviews for all these.  Thank you,Taco LadyThis place is fantastic, I wish I could try some of the other items on the menu, but I can't get past the steak super nachos, the only thing I didn't care for was the size of the restaurant, but since I don't go there to eat the size of the restaurant it earned 4 stars easily. I'm saving the last star for when I try something new.Rivas is my go-to Mexican eatery in the immediate area.  The food here is awesome and the staff is always nice and accommodating.  When I roll through, I usually jump on the shrimp torta or shrimp tacos, which I must admit can get a little pricey with my appetite.  However, they have a fantastic 2 for $6 chicken burrito deal that I frequent when I'm hungry or I need something to-go for the day.  Plus, they taste good so that's always a plus.  HEAD'S UP: I would definitely suggest that you phone your orders in before coming as it tends to get busy here and it might take a while to get your food.  Calling my order in 15-20 minutes ahead of time seems to be the trick here when I just want to pop in, get my food, and go.  Condiments in mind, the green sauce is pretty grubbin' but the real winner is the red sauce.  The red sauce made here is the best I've had in the area, if not the entire valley.  They are both a little spicy but that's how I like 'em.. make sure to pick-up a to-go cup of sauce on the way out.  You won't be disappointed.Good food and a great option when I'm hungry and don't want to drive too far.  Definitely a frequent flyer here and will continue to be for a while.GOOD...that's all you need to know. :DOh, also, space is limited inside but they do have to-gos and outdoor seating but it's crowded!Cheap, fast, delicious, clean, friendly staff. Always been and will continue to be my spot. 10/10 would try again.Best Mexican restaurant on the east side hands down. The carne asda fries/nachos and burritos are amazing!I discovered Riva's when I was attending a high school just up the street. It's in the same plaza as Roberto's,so there's a competition. However, Riva's isn't just another chain restaurant. It features authentic mexican food. My absolute favorite is the 2 burritos for $6 deal, and I always get chicken and guac. I'm assuming it's a family owned business because I always see the same workers and cooks.The service is great and once I made a mistake on my order and they fixed it free of charge. I think it's a great place to eat in the neighborhood. :) My favorite mexican place.Food pretty good only gave 4 stars had a restaurant.com coupon they didnt honor.. printed 3 days ago...but other than that pastor  pretty good service was fast food preparation  was pretty quick too... variety  of food on the menu easy to order... conveniently located for us... may come  back.. but rather try another mexican restaurant from restaurant.com that will honor coupons...I've been coming to Rivas for a couple of years now and I have no complaints. The service is always good, the food is always tasty, and the restaurant is always super clean. Recently they expanded their menu, so now there's even more tasty stuff to choose from. I personally love their fries and quesadillas. My only gripe is that the seating arrangement is a little awkward, but I know it can't be helped.We have gone to Rivas a couple times.  The first time was via a yelp review and the second time I found a restaurant.com coupon.Food here is fresh made with large portions.  Both the food and service were great.

Lunch menu is really nice, haven't had breakfast yet.Welcome addition to neighborhood.Great cafe. I wish more places like this existed in Madison. I can't wait to try their lunch.You can tell that everything is homemade, including the bacon. The sausage and gravy breakfast was really good. They definitely have their biscuit recipe figured out. The baked goods were great, as was the smell that hits you in the face when you open the door. Good coffees, friendly staff. There are only 20 seats, so once this place takes off, plan on getting there early.I just moved 2 blocks from this bakery, and I think I'm going to have to knock them a star for forcing me to buy bigger pants in a few weeks after I overindulge on their pastries. Our first visit to 4&20 was a bit of a letdown. we were in the middle of moving and ran in to get sandwiches to go. The food ended up being delicious (one of the better turkey sandwiches I've ever eaten, for sure) but the wait was totally unreasonable. 20+ minutes for 2 sandwiches (that's the real reason for the loss of a star).Second visit was all pastries, which are well above average, especially for Madison. The cinnamon roll we had seemed like it may have been day-old, which was a real disappointment, because it looked amazing. The morning bun, however was awesome, with flakey pastry, tons of caramelized sugar on the outside and a slight citrus note (which could be heightened a bit, for my taste.) We also tried a blueberry almond scone, which was very good, especially because it was PACKED with blueberries. Yum. The space is open and airy. It feels a little unfinished, but I think once they've been around a while it'll get a more comfortable lived-in feel about it. I loved that the neighborhood really seems to be embracing the place. It was full of people each time I went in, with lots of young families taking advantage. I'd love to see the Milio's next door replaced by something that would really compliment 4&20.Great addition to the neighborhood.  Good food & coffee. I wish they had longer hours because I like to eat lunch at 3:30. Or a mid afternoon tea & pastry.Nice local cafe with breakfast and lunch items from local ingredients.  Great baked goods, and the beverages I've tried have been tasty as well.  Friendly service.i had the bacon, egg and swiss biscuit, it was very good. wish i would have bought 2.the food is very very good, we will definitely be going back.a number of things on the lunch menu looks very very good, think we will try that nextthe only reason they dont get 5 stars is the service is S-L-O-W. took 20 minutes to get my food, and they werent really that busy.I was there and got two items out of the bakery case.  I don't know how they could improve upon them.The Moreo was a large oreo-type confection.  The creamy center was excellent -- buttery and creamy at the same time, and a great complement to the cookies on the outside, which were baked perfectly.  Not cakey like a Whoopie Pie, and not crisp like a ginger snap -- just crisp enough with a bit of a chew.  The cookies didn't break apart when you bite into them, and that's important when you're eating on your bike.  Nice chocolatey flavor to the cookie partEven better was the lemon poppyseed cookie.  A dense cookie, with a great chew and mouthfeel.  And the lemon flavor was perfect.  Even better it was only $1.25!  Holy cats, if I lived nearby I'd be buying this daily.I'm glad I live 20 minutes away by bike.  This place could be seriously addictive.One negative:  A fly was buzzing my legs as I waited to order.  Totally worth it for the baked goods though.Dear 4&TWNT,We started off rocky a week ago with a porchetta sandwich that was a little light on the por and super heavy on the... uh... etta? More fat, less meat. There we go. Tamar loves you guys though, and she's like my Jewish mom. Mom said go back. I did. And I'm happy I did. The chicken salad sandwich is pretty spectacular. It's served on toasty sourdough along side some greens with a zippy little dressing that's a lil sweet and a lil sour. Chicken isn't overly dressed in thick mayo-y mayhem. It's super light, packs quite a punch, and you should love knowing it's local. Not typically a dessert eater pie grabbed my eye, and when I asked the gent for a rec (Scott maybe?) he said blackberry was the way to go. And so I went there. He warmed that bad boy up post sandie and then I shoveled it in my mouth the second he dropped it off. Seriously at one point I remember saying to myself (internally) "take a break... you've been going at this thing, you're in public... breathe... enjoy." But it was too good. Flaky crust. Tart berry inside. Coarse sugar sprinkled atop. The only thing missing was cloyingly sweet aftertaste and corn syrup which they apparently don't use to bind fruit. (Big ups for that.)And now a plea: Furniture builders of Madison... craft a cool table to run the entire length of the wall and give these guys more seating. They're growing, and it'll be impossible soon (like tomorrow) for mass peeps to eat and enjoy. Donate a mean mesa and I bet they'll put your cards out and tell everyone they know about your rad add. (Hell I'll even write a review solely on the cool community table you build).I've tried the quiche and biscuits/gravy ... they were awesome. You can tell that the cooks love their job and it shows in the quality of the food.  The dining area is definitely in need of some audio dampening and a few more things on the walls maybe. Overall, great place to dine or just have a coffee and snack.Family breakfast and all were pleased. So while the menu seems a little limited, we all found something to enjoy. Some may complain (as my teenager did) that there's not enough food on the plate. I think this should be the new normal - good, thoughtfully sourced food served really well with just a fruit side. Because that's all there was my son even ate the orange! Yeah, healthy, no waste, and not gut busting big. Staff was great and very kind when our 7 year old spilled her hot chocolate, they cleaned up without complaint and even gave her a new hot chocolate. No tears.Seating is limited as others noted but space is warm and friendly. Outside seating could be great.We went with friends from out of town.  We stopped and had breakfast.  Coffee, juice, tea, hot chocolate and sandwiches.  Everything was delicious.  The only problem with the place is it's behind East High and doesn't have a lot of parking.Fabulous biscuits!  Would definitely make this a regular place to stop for a Saturday/Sunday brunch!These guys perfected the modest breakfast.  It's light, well crafted, mmm good, reasonable. I can't say enough about the biscuit for my biscuits and gravy.   Wow, these guys nailed it!  The gravy was certainly good, but lacked the wow factor.  Maybe a little more sausage?My girlfriend had the breakfast sandwich #2, which had the biscuit, havarti cheese, egg, red bell pepper, spinach.  Came with orange slices.  It was a smaller entree, but done very well.  We thought it could've used some more bell pepper, but that's being picky.I moved literally 2 doors away from 4&20 and my only complaint is that it closes too early (2 pm)!  I feel pretty lucky that a place with friendly staff and food that is fresh and simple yet unique!   I came here once before I moved to Madison and it was great then.  Today I had the squash, mozzarella, eggplant and arugula sandwich, a piece  berry pie and a chocolate chip cookie...yes, I am full!   My Dad, who is not a café/sandwich eater type had no idea what anything was on the menu......but he later told me that he had one of the best sandwiches of his life. Now that's a compliment!Had the #2 egg & cheese sandwich on a biscuit. It was fresh & the biscuit was light. I also ordered a double decaf dry cappuccino. Here is where 4 & 20 loses a star. The barista admittedly came over to tell me he was having a hard time getting it right and was continuing to try. Told him not to worry. When he did deliver it, there was no foam, and way too much milk. Also, it was not very hot, so it became lukewarm very quickly. Granted I'm picky about my espresso, but I order it dry because I don't like a lot of milk, but yet what I got was a very "wet" cap. I didn't send it back because I know the guy really tried, and I had a plane to catch to boot. The pastries in the glass display looked really good. I'll try one next time I'm in town.Even though this has already been reviewed a ton, I feel like it is still almost a "secret" sort of place. Everything we ordered was packed with flavor, seemed exceptionally fresh, and made sense together. As far as individual items - the biscuits were fantastic, the bacon was perfect, and the homemade pop tarts were ridiculous. As others have mentioned, it is tiny. That being said, it didn't feel particularly packed or super loud even though it was full. I imagine that prime breakfast times it may be better to grab a sandwich or pastry to go as it would probably be quite a wait though. I'm pretty happy to have come across this place and can't wait to go back. I love it, but I keep forgetting it exists!The relaxed atmosphere masks relentless attention to detail in the food.  Ingredients, seasoning, and preparation all shine through in each meal.  So many coffee shops, brunch houses, and breakfast diners either pile on the starchy fillers or the sweet-and-fatty goo.  In contrast, 4&20 offers modest portions of real food that leave you sincerely satisfied and contented.  If you want couches, comfort food, and gentrified hippies, maybe Lazy Jane's is the place.  If you want great food in a smaller venue and a more up-and-coming vibe, 4&20 has a lot to offer.Had a delicious and beautifully decorated mocha and the breakfast sandwich #2 (egg, cheddar, biscuit) with squash. Great, quality ingredients. The WiFi is super fast here. Only downside is it's not super large and it's very open so no private, little nooks to hunker down in.Try everything- this round we tried the Mango Key Limeade and Latte, along with the biscuits and gravy and breakfast sandwich #1.  I can tell you that you want to order a 1/2 order of the biscuits and gravy (yep...you can make it a special request) or at least share.  I can tell you that the havarti and the roasted pepper on the breafast sandwich was a very nice touch along with some spinach.  Very fresh and just the right size.  Fabulous!  Chef Evan came out to talk with us and give us our food as well.  We were able to meet is lovely and talented wife, Mandy who is a fantastic baker and just as awesome.  Now that we've tried a slice of breakfast, I need to go back and try some lunch!Breakfast biscuit sandwiches are to die for! Biscuits are decadent and always fresh. Asparagus cooked perfectly. When you get it, it doesn't look like it'll fill you up, but it does. Only negative is the atmosphere. Very boring.This place is all sorts of awesome.  It's a real simple equation.  When you combine great food, great staff, and a fresh, madison-chic atmosphere, you get a place as tops as this.This is where I chose to go for my birthday breakfast.  I have been thinking of it ever since...may have been drooling about it ever since as well.Their biscuits!!!  They motivated to try and actually bake biscuits.  Obviously they are going to be nowhere near 4&20 quality but may curb my cravings for them momentarily.  I will have to go several times to try all the goodies they have.  I am thankful they have the little parking lot there so I can easy run in and run out and be on my happy self.  They have Just Coffee so I can fulfill my java addiction as well.  Can I say that I love the artwork they have up?  Not necessarily a reason to go but it just made me happy and added to my food-buzz.Cute little place with friendly staff. It was quite packed and they don't have a lot of seating, but we didn't have to wait for a table and our good came out fairly quickly. I got the banana bread French toast and my partner got the biscuits and gravy. The French toast was very good, although extremely sweet. I really like sweet things and even I thought it was a bit much. Almost like eating dessert for brunch.The biscuits and gravy were excellent! Slightly spicy, which is a good thing. The only thing I really didn't care for was the coffee. We both got their regular coffee and it was extremely strong and bitter to the point that neither of us could finish it. I would definitely come back here again.The food at 420 is tasty and a great value. I've had some great sandwiches and specials (notably pork pho) that used interesting and unique flavors. The bakery is passable, but not up to madison standards (Batch, Madison Sourdough, Lazy Janes, Graze). The interior is small and somewhat sterile, but the service is friendly.The pastries and coffee are wonderful.Great breakfast sandwich - flaky biscuit and solid egg/red pepper combo.  For some reason, the peach that was included was fantastic as well.Easily the best biscuits I've had in my entire life! The staff was super friendly and the entire place felt charming. My friend and I really enjoyed our brunch.Delicious homemade biscuits. I had a build-your-own egg sandwich (mushroom, kale, tomato) on a biscuit and--wow--so yummy.  Biscuit had a lovely texture (slightly crisp on outside, soft and crumbly on inside) and delicious flavor! I also tasted the Gravy over Biscuits dish and it was top notch--not a light breakfast but perfect to satisfy a gravy craving.  Decor inside is simple, with big windows that let lots of light in.  Looks like it's located right on a walk/bike path. If I lived in the area, I would be a regular!  Will definitely return to 4&20 when I'm back in Madison.I don't know how I've only just discovered 4&20, but it is one of my new favorite breakfast/lunch spots.  As others have said, the BLT is a true delight.  The biscuits and gravy with optional fried egg are warm and filling, and the french toast is a wonderful combination of flavors, although lacking the texture of traditional french toast due to the dense almond bread.Staff are great - friendly and always ready with suggestions.  Baked goods are delicious.  Some outdoor seating for nice weather, and generally quiet except for lunch-break at East High when the place fills with the clamor of students.A must stop place every time I'm in Madison.  The pop tarts are a must and the breakfast sandwiches are always good too.  Please add Pour over coffee to the menu.I came here about 15 minutes before they closed, I figured they would hate me coming in late, but I was welcomed and treated perfectly. Ordered the Cuban sandwich. It was not your typical Cuban, it was better. It was so good I can't imagine ordering anything else. Had the chocolate chip cookie and a Moreo (a giant homemade Oreo) both great cookies.  I ordered an iced tea for my beverage, it cost $2.50 which I think is a lot for tea, but I understand drinks are a high profit item for small stores like this. I did have a real problem when they wanted to charge me 50 cents for a refill of iced tea. Told the guy no thanks, u can just keep the glass.The moral of the story is 50 cents cost these guys one star in my review. But the sandwich, cookies, and service were excellent.I really liked this place.  It was fun to visit, but it is not a place where you can sit for a long time, not without feeling guilty for taking a up a seat, which makes doing the crossword sort of hard. Word to the wise, if, for some reason, you need to need while you visit their bathroom, the toilets bubble violently when the another bathroom flushes...it's the kind of service you don't want seconds on!  It's a little tight and not all that warm (neither temperature or atmosphere wise) but it has a nice, independent vibe and good food.  We both got the breakfast sandwich on a biscuit.  I'm from the South, so I have a pretty fixed idea of what a biscuit should be and this did not quite live up...not that it tasted bad or anything, I just wouldn't call it a "biscuit."  In any case, I wish I could get out there more often!This is where I always end up when my favorite weekend brunch spot is overcrowded. I'm extremely satisfied with this occurrence, because this place has the bomb eats as well as great coffee. Their biscuits are transcendent (part of the breakfast sandwiches, as well as the biscuits and gravy). Cute artwork on the walls. Would be 5 stars if they could serve booze, a very solid 4 anyways.I love the food here and I love the espresso drinks here - some of my favorite in Madison! I used to work in the area and had always seen this place, but always thought it was some weird political-ish bakery related to the marijuana movement - it's not! Turns out 4&20 is part of a nursery rhyme, so I was thrilled that a friend had me meet her there for breakfast one morning. It is a great little local place that I now love to take people to. Even when I take people from Madison they have often never heard of it and love it! Staff is super nice. The reason 4&20 doesn't get 5 stars is because the service is exceedingly slow. This is not a place I can quickly pop into on my way to work. If there's a line, even a small one, your wait time increases dramatically, regardless of whether you're ordering drinks or food (food takes extra time, though). Also, like other Yelpers, I ADORE the #2 Breakfast Sandwich, but it is sooo oily you cannot call it a healthy breakfast. If it weren't for those two items, I would never make my own breakfast again and come here all the time (and just budget an extra 15-20 minutes into my commute). Still, this is a great shop and a total win if you're not short on time. Always lovely to support a small local store!In search of my Sunday morning B&G fix. So I go to Yelp and spy 4&20.  Never tried this place before. So I pull up a couple minutes before 8am and see a gentleman putting out the tables and chairs on their outdoor patio. "we open at 8:30," he tells me, and I am sorry but I don't have the coffee ready yet."  Read the review on Yelp, Dunny.  It includes the times they are open.  Doh!45 minutes later, I am back, and am glad for it.The coffee is excellent.  Dark, strong and full of flavor.  Then the plate of B&G is delivered.  Fresh biscuits, creamy gravy with a bold taste of freshly ground pepper.  The egg on top adds a great touch too.I will be back and will have to try other things. But my quest for the ultimate B&G continues, even tho' 4&20 is now on Top of my list.The service was friendly. We loved the neighborhood feel. Seating was a little tight but the biscuits made up for it!  Yummy biscuits and granola!Love that I am greeted when I walk in - with eye contact too. Staff is friendly and helpful. Sometimes a little slow on checkout but all and all a good experience.  I always forget my loyalty card and they remind me each time to just enter my phone number so I still get the discounts.Facilities are really nice there most of them you have to pay for but it's worth it, sometimes it gets over crowded but it's convenient if you live by there.Great spot for a quick lunch. Close to a lot of businesses and easy to get in and out. Soba noodles is their best deal for portions as well as quality.  Some of the chicken can be dry but that's an easy fix by dumping a bunch of shiracha and shrimp sauce on it. The owner is very friendly and enthusiastic!Can't go wrong....always a good meal. Family and kids love it.  Starting to get a little worse...as time goes by. Not sure if they changed ingredients or not. Prices also went up.I have to give a review because this place does not, from my experience, deserve such terrible reviews for what it is. (Are you looking for authentic, expertly prepared Japanese cuisine? Don't expect it here!)  The parking was easy at dinner time, staff was friendly enough, the service was quick and accurate. The price for shrimp and steak hibachi with double fried rice, no veggie, 1 generous portion of shrimp sauce, and a drink was $11, which I thought was fair. I have a big appetite and the portion size certainly filled me up. It was a lot of food for a fair price. The food was good. It was not amazingly fresh like a "real" hibachi restaurant, but I was satisfied with the quality of the steak, and the shrimp was surprisingly DELICIOUS. Rice was good. Shrimp sauce good. But, I do not like a lot of flavor in my food, so I enjoyed the relative blandness. It's probably not good for someone with more adventurous tastes! The cook/cashier allowed my substitution no problem/no charge because he said he wants to make the customer happy. The ambiance of the restaurant is appropriate for the food, maybe even nicer than I expected. Nice enough to look at while you eat but it's definitely casual enough to wear whatever. They had a decent amount of seating, tables and booths, but it would maybe be hard to find a table at a busy lunch time. Silverware was plastic, napkins cheap, little packets of extra soy sauce available. I wouldn't probably take a guest here for a lunch date, but it's good enough for takeout for me when I have that craving and don't want to spend $35 and two hours waiting for it. I just think people who gave this 1 star have absurd expectations for a hibachi express place! There is one TV, password-protected wifi, and restrooms as well. Major Cons: When I went to fill my soda (Pepsi fountain drinks if you're curious, free refills), the Pepsi was out and running completely clear carbonation. He fixed it in under 5 minutes, but I can imagine it would've taken longer at a busier hour (7:00 pm and there were two of us in line.) They also asked me three times whether it was here or to go, and still got it wrong.Dirty Daisy is a pretty awesome place. Alot better than any PetSmart Ive ever been to! And way easier on the pockets! I got my Shih Tzu done up there a few weeks ago and the buisness really impressed me. The owner made sure she understood completely what I wanted before hand and was very gentle with my pup. Not only am I a Fan but so is my Hubby and He well.....he's a tough cookie to win over. Yay for Dirty Daisy!!Had the honor of attending this event that's in its 4th year running. The Palazzo Ballroom featured some of the award-winning restaurants from The Palazzo and The Venetian. Attendees were given "passports" that were stamped when receiving samples from the various tables. One would be able to gather enough to have themselves a full course meal, as some of the vendors were pretty generous. Although I was still digesting my lunch from earlier in the day, I managed to sneak in a few bites. I actually indulged more with the desserts from Bouchon and Sweet Surrender. Not to mention the free drinks, from Bacardi cocktails to champagne to sampling flavored vodka. Now I can say that I had the chance to try some of Vegas' popular eats. Any food lover should check out an event like this at least once. You won't regret it.I've lived here with my boyfriend for 7 months and we have enjoyed every minute.  The common areas are well kept, staff and residents are friendly, its close to the light rail, and we have unbelievable views of Downtown Phoenix.  My only complaint is that the building is cooled by an air chiller so it sometimes gets warm in the middle of the night.  On the other hand, our utility bills have been extremely low considering we keep the temperature in the mid to low '70's.  The management has been very attentive when we've needed their assistance.  I would recommend this building to anyone who works downtown or has ever wanted to live in a high-rise apartment.This bar & pizza restaurant is on the smaller side of things.During lunch it can take a little bit longer to receive your food, however, both the pizzas and calzones are worth waiting for. Not only are they fresh and cooked to order (unlike some of the places that offer pizza by the slice), but they are also priced fairly. They also offer a daily special for those looking for additional savings.The service is reasonably quick and always friendly.I have not been during the evening, but for lunch I would recommend Buona Vita without hesitation.Try the blackened burger...so good!Note: My ONLY problem with this place is that they do this weird trivia contest on Thursday nights.  It's crowded, loud, and a bit obnoxious for my tastes.  It's the only time that my wife and I won't go there.This is my wife's cousin's go to place every Friday night. They even reserve a table.  We had a large group of 10. The service was outstanding. We never waited for drinks and they constantly checked on us even though they had another large party there at the same time.I try to eat healthy (most times) so I had a gluten free spicy chicken wrap.  What I really wanted was the Belly Buster sandwich. A monster of a sandwich. It is 8 inches of garlic bread with meatballs,sausage,pepperoni, cheese, banana peppers and mozzarella sticks.  They also have a challenge for their 16 inch version.  No one has accomplished this feat as of yet. The  wife had the chicken cordon bleu wrap with fresh garlic Parmesan potato chips.I can see why my wife's family keeps coming back. Nice place to watch a game and hang out with friends.This was our first visit to Buona Vita and we'll definitely go back! The restaurant is cozy and well staffed, and on a Friday night the crowd was about average - no wait. We ordered the mozzarella sticks for an appetizer and they were good, but nothing out of the ordinary, exactly what you'd expect. We each got a Calzone and that's when we were blown away. The bread/crust was fluffy yet crispy and cooked perfectly. The waitress even told us to take a picture before we started eating because it was so perfect. I had mushrooms, black olives and green peppers in mine and my husband had pepperoni and meatballs in his. We both LOVED them and will certainly go back for them again! This is a great little spot for date night, locally owned and good service. Highly recommend.Thanks to our fellow yelpers, we decided to check this place out. We live just a short drive away. The place has the perfect "neighborhood pizza joint" vibe. Small bar, limited seating and space, but it yet it seems like just the perfect amount.It's not a surprise that there are lots of regulars. The food and drink are reasonably priced, and the service was very attentive. Knowing from previous reviews that the calzones were GIGANTIC, we decided to split an appetizer and a calzone. We opted for the meatball sliders, which is essentially their meatball sub cut into 4 pieces. Although it wasn't what we pictured, the meatballs were outstanding, and the bread was fresh and crispy. I would, however recommend you just order the sandwich. The calzone certainly did not disappoint! We ordered the medium, and it could have fed 4 of is. The crust was light, flaky, and cooked to perfection. We will certainly be freezing it for a rainy day. Why 4 stars, you ask ?(ok, you didn't): What I presumed to be the kitchen crew when we arrived was huddled around the front door smoking when we got there. Every time the door would open, a plume of smoke would come in the restaurant. Knowing that they are going directly back to cook our food is disgusting. This continued to happen throughout the meal, it was a virtual parade of smoky-smelling employees walking past our table. Not what you want mixing with your delicious calzone! Not sure why they can't smoke further away from the entrance or out back. I think we may return on a Thursday to check out the 50 cent wings and trivia. Hopefully we can snag a spot away from the front door.Saw some good reviews and always looking for good pizza in Charlotte so decided to give this a try.  It's a small place with about 12 tables and a bar that seats about 10.  They do have a good draft beer selection considering how small the place is.  Looks like they have some good happy hour food specials 4-7 M-F as well.Went solo so not able to try a lot but what I did get was very good.  Ordered a calzone with meatballs, sausage, spinach and roasted red peppers.  Thought it was very good.  Marinara was good and it was a good size portion,  this is a place I would good back to.Great food and atmosphere. Employees are genuinely nice. The pizza is not greasy, well none of it is. It has games inside to keep you entertained. Clean sometimes and TV inside have good channels.First impression of this place is, I LOVE IT!  It's basically a chipotle concept store (fresh ingredients, etc.) with noodles!  I went today with my HS bestie, and we both loved it.  We ordered the same thing -  Indonesian Peanut Saute: Spicy peanut sauce and rice noodle stir-fry, broccoli, carrots, cabbage, Asian sprouts, cilantro, crushed peanuts and lime.  As in fresh lime wedged, served with your platter - i loved that added touch.  The dish itself tasted authentic, fresh, and flavorful.  It was studded with the steamed veggies that made the meal very hearty.  My only grip was the chicken (which you add separately to the bowl, they have other options such as tofu, shrimp, and beef - i think)  wasn't as flavorful as the noodles, as in it needed salt!  If this was a little bit better, I would have given noodles & co. a 5 star rating.  They serve all different types of noodle bowls + sandwiches.  Ranging from Asian to American flavors, so it will appease anybody's palate.  The decor is modern-chic.  The service was stellar, for what is basically a fast food joint.  You should definitely give this place a try - I loved it!I frequent Market Square every day, and I've been really impressed with how it has developed in a vibrant restaurant scene. There are so many good choices in the square, and Noodles and Company is a nice addition. It's basically a nice fast food place, like Moe's or Chipotle. They serve (or will serve) one basic and one premium kind of beer and wine by the bottle.  ($17). Along with salads and other sides, the noodle dishes are split among three categories: American (e.g., stroganoff, mac and cheese), Italian (e.g, pesto, penne rosa) and Asian (e.g., pad thai, japanese udon). You can add protein to the dish, as you want. The dishes can easily be made gluten free (rice noodles) and/or vegetarian. Small and large portions are available. They list a number of dishes that are 500 calories or less.It's a great little lunch place, and I'm thrilled that it's joined the Market Square neighborhood.After eagerly awaiting the opening of Noodles & Co I was very excited to try it. A friend and I arrived just after 12:30 and the line was nearly out the door. This wasn't surprising seeing it was a new restaurant, however, after finishing my meal and over hearing the comments of the diners around me, I can see this place having a steady 20 person line from 11:30 - 1:30. The interior is smartly designed, open, and bright. I also couldn't get over how great the staff was, everyone was very friendly and seemed like they legitimately were in a good mood and wanted to share that with you. I did the "Pick 3" deal where you get a small noodle bowl, a choice of protein, and soup or salad for $7.99. I ordered the Indonesian Noodle dish with spicy peanut sauce (really awesome, perfectly "make your nose run" spicy, and packed with fresh vegetables), I added beef, and the Tomato Basil soup (my favorite part of the meal). By the time I added a drink my bill came to just under $10. I can't wait to come back and try some of their other options, I saw a meatball sub that looked pretty excellent.This was one of my go to chains when I was Chicago so I'm happy to see one right in downtown Pittsburgh.  I got the opportunity to try it out today although I figured I knew what to expect since franchises try to be consistent in quality and taste regardless of their location.  This is just how I remember it.  It's affordable, relatively quick, and tasty.  Please note the order b/c if you ask me are their better tasting places out there - sure.  Are there cheaper places our there - yes, and are their faster places out there - of course.  But to have the trifecta - well that does take a little more effort than having one or another of those qualities.  Which is why this place gets 4 stars - it probably helps that it's also close to where I work.Authentic Taste with fusion style dishes. This is an impressive place. Located in Market Square downtown. They have 3 main dish categories, American, Mediterranean and Asian, pasta or salad, with your choice of protein (Meatballs, Chicken, Beef, Shrimp or Tofu). Having lived in Thai Town (part of Los Angeles), I was curious to try the Asian dishes. It was VERY GOOD! Cilantro, Lime, just the right amount of spice, quick and filling. http://www.noodles.com/nutrition/Use the site above to check your dish of interest, because some of them do have High Calories and Sodium. Average 700+ Calories & 1000mg+ Sodium.Having partaken only of the Asian part of the menu, I can only speak for those selections. WOW. My friend & I worked our way through all the choices there in repeat visits & was never disappointed. I also liked how they offered 2 size choices. Yeah, their stuff is pricey, but I'm willing to pay for the freshness of their ingredients & cleanliness of the place. Staff was friendly & helpful. TIP: visit after the lunch rush because it's just too crowded for comfort.Good for what it's good for. A quick bite to eat with lots of options for vegetarians. My daughter was a big fan of the mac & cheese. I was more so-so on the Indonesian

At one point in the show she walked through the audience, some random fan had to get up and take a selfie with her and that started what can only be described as a feeding frenzy to get a picture with her. I was ready to jump in there and help her as the swarm of people continued to build, but Celine handled the attention like a pro and thwarted what could have been in my opinion, something ugly.

Located on the Strip

Quick and easyEmployees were actually helpful! The prices are high but the apparel and merchandise is pretty cool and of decent quality. I found prices similar to what you would pay at most big-box sports stores. The clearance section (where we got our hats and shirts) was 50% off, which made for a good deal. They sell Sun Devils stuff and also baseball stuff during Spring Training. So, if you forgot your Chicago stuff at home, rest assured you can pick some up before going to the games.Good selection of ASU merchandise.

Atmosphere:  9/10I consider McKibbin's to be one of my hangouts.

Its coffee and its cookie time

I came for my friend's 21st birthday. The place was clean, but small. Most of our group consist of girls, so we got in within 2 minutes. Open bar for females from 11pm to 12 am. What more could you ask for? Even with the open bar, the bartenders were very attentive. We never had to wait more than a few minutes to get a drink. The dance floor is a bit small, but the music is good. They didn't play EDM the whole time, which I LOVE. The restrooms were nice and clean. If the dancefloor was bigger, i'd give this place 5 starts.Came for dinner before a 9:30 show at the Mirage. We were seated at 6:30. Our drinks were a little slow, arriving after our meatball. I had asked the meatball to be brought at the same time as our entrees but, it was brought as an appetizer. It was so freaking delicious, I didn't even care. I will return a hundred times for the meatball if not for anything else. The complimentary bread & sauce was very good. I ordered spaghetti with tomato & basil and I thoroughly enjoyed it. My husband ordered chicken mushroom ravioli. Not so great. It had an odd brown gel-like sauce. It was not at all what my husband was expecting and it was a really small portion. He ordered an extra order of the bread ($6) because he wasn't full. Our service was ok. Drinks went empty and never were refilled, so we drank water. The GM came around and was very nice. Even more so when we told him we were locals. Then we ordered dessert and it took 30+ minutes for it to arrive. We had to pick up our show tickets 1 hour before the show and we barely made it! The waiter was apologetic about the long wait & finally offered to refill our drinks at that point. The zeppole Oreos were delicious, just not sure why it took so long. Had we not had the show to get to, I would not have minded as the people watching was fabulous. Overall the giant Meatball was the star of this dinner. Can't wait for the weather to cool down to enjoy the patio seating. A little expensive ($125w/tip) for a pasta dinner, but it wasn't shocking. It was expected.LAVO is on the smaller side but I had such a good time here! There's not much more than a bar and a dancefloor. The Sunday night DJ played equal parts house and hip hop.Hmm, the first time I came here to eat, I was very disappointed and did not enjoy my meal at all!  The food was bland and did not entice my taste buds.  Now the second time I came here, I came with my friend who was visiting Vegas for the weekend.  It was a late meal and we were both HUNGRY!  haha.  Walking around the strip, the restaurant Lavo caught my friend's eye and we looked at the menu and she wanted to dine there.  I was a bit hesitant, but since she was the guest, I complied and asked for a seat for two for dinner.  As we got the menu, we were trying to decide what to order.  We ended up decided to order family style.  This mean, 2 friends, 5 dishes, ranging from salad, appetizers, a main entree, and including dessert!  We ordered their famous meat ball with ricotta cheese, the truffle fries, a lobster scampi pizza, and a fish dish with a delicious crouton salad that I forgot the name of!  The meatball was actually really good!  I can see why everyone talks about it!  It is one full pound of wagyu beef (very tender beef)  cooked with lots of flavors and topped with marinara sauce and ricotta cheese.  Eating it by itself was a bit too salty, so I paired it with their complimentary garlic bread.  Both of use only had 1/4 of the ball since we wanted to try everything else.  When the truffle fries came out, it was DELICIOUS!  Now this is how fries are suppose to be!  Semi burnt! ;-)  Hahaha.  I loved burnt potatoes!  Not of those light gold colored fries you get at McD's, but the dark brown, crispy fries that has been in the fryer longer than it was suppose to be!  hahahaha.  Topped with parmasean cheese and truffle oil, my mouth was dancing in joy with each bit!  Next up, the Lobster scampi Pizza and the fish dish (which was not memorable besides the crouton salad it came with).  Now Lobster scampi on top of a flat bread pizza...need I say more?  It was DELICIOUS!  No complaints there!  As for the fish dish, It was okay...but the croutons side dish was so good!  I swear what they did was cubed bread, deep fried it to a crisp, tossed it was cucumbers and tomato and served it!  Simple yet amazing!  Last but not least...dessert....not I know Lavo is known for their deep fried oreos...but after hearing about its texture, I was not appeased to even try it!  The waiter basically told us it tasted like oreo dough...in my mind (oreo soaked in oil)  Ouch...heart attack!  So instead, we chose to order the toasted marshmellow 7 layer rolled cake....such a great decision because it was what we both were craving!  It was a thin layer of chocolate cake, rolled with a vanilla type of cream and covered with chocolate ganache.  Very sweet, but perfect ending to such a delicious meal!  Now I wasn't impressed with my first experience here, and after giving it a second chance, LAVO has won my taste buds!  I'd recommend my friends to come here, so you should come and try it too! =)I got the dinner and bottle service package and it was a great deal. Dinner was awesome with the meatball appetizer and filet. Then the bottle service in the club was awesome. The club is small but we had our own place to dance and sit down. The bouncers were great at keeping our seats clear. Each table can really only sit 4 people so if u want more people to sit at once you should get separate bottle service packages but not needed if some people are dancing while others sit. Nice club and good hip hop and pop music. It is small though and I can't image going to the club without bottle service.I haven't had the pleasure of dining here yet but Im sure that's in the near future. But this place as a nightclub... is awesome. Came here a few weeks ago with a group for Dash Berlin. We had the table directly behind the DJ booth where we got to enjoy the music and intimacy with the DJ all night. It was truly an amazing experience. I really like venues like this one and Marquee Day Club. Where you can actually mingle with the DJ before/after his set. The ambiance was beautiful as well. Bartenders were great along with our cocktail server. I will defineatly be returning to this venue in the fiuture.Oh how I love this place! Every time I am

Good Prices

it was a party of a good 12 of us, small but cozy and plenty of laughs to be shared down the table.Food was QUICK! DELICIOUS! also the deep fried oysters..MMMMM!

I had the corn beef hash with biscuit which was really tasty. My coworker comes here for the steak and eggs.

Dommage choux de bouffe restreint mais bon situé juste à coté de La Banquise, vous ne devriez pas mourir de faim :)De l'extérieur, le bar est à peine visible, un petite porte discrète juste à côté de la file pour la Banquise.Mais à l'intérieur, l'endroit est bien plus impressionnant : des hauuuts plafonds, une lumière tamisée, des grandes tables, une décoration sortie tout droit sortie d'un Marvel. Et un DJ pour la musique !Pour ce qui est de la carte : des cocktails à n'en plus finir, et ils valent le détour !!Coté prix, il est à noter que les cocktails maison sont à 7$ jusqu'à 9pm ! Et que le vestiaire est gratuit, seul le tip est à payer !Bref, un bon bar bien sympa où nous reviendrons pour sûr !!This is a pub that is telling you from the start you are here for the atmosphere. It has extremely tall ceiling that give it a look of a giant loft. The place is made for groups of people/friends with bug chunky tables  and a lot of space. A great happy hour between 7 to 9 you can buy a 5$ pint or 13$ pitcher (of selected beers, but you can still find good choices with this great price) and the added bonus its right next to La banquise and since they do not sell food there they have no problem with you buying the greatest poutine in Montreal and entreating it in the pub, that a win-win in my bookIf you are a lady, Who doesn't like to have at least one of Mac's Cosmetics in their vanity drawer? I've been a fan of MAC since 1994 and I've been collecting quiet a few cosmetics from'em. I love their eye shadows, glitters, eyeliners, lipsticks, and of course their make up brushes,,amazing amazing!I was looking for a replacement of my matte finished cheek blusher for a while(I've been using 'Anna Sui's Face Color 301' & finally I hit the pan!). I was browsing around at the Macy's @Fashion Show Mall on Black Friday and the lady at the MAC asked if I wanted anything for this Holidays. Oh well, I asked her what I was looking for and she recommended two items: Sheer tone Blush 'Pink Swoon'(matte finish cheek color) & Cremesheen Glass 'Boy Bait' (an ultra sheer and moist lipgloss with a creamy finish,, close to the baby pink color,, might be good for over any lipstick or pairing with smokey make-ups). Sometimes, I can be annoyed by a person who tries to sell the product to me that I don't even need at the moment, but the person @MAC counter, she was very helpful and gave me some private moment to play around by myself with their make-up displays...It isn't a big MAC store comparing to other locations, but every time I'm looking for something, they usually have it in stock including some of the popular items.I had a Christmas Party to attend this month and I was very pleased how my make up turned out by using the new MAC's blusher & lipgloss that I've purchased.I hope everyone have some fun time looking fabulous using their favorite cosmetics for the Holiday events this year :P **My picture showing.. Blot pressed powder(my all time favorite!), Pink Spoon Blusher(new), Boy Bait creamsheer glass, Bark eye shadow(Taupe color and I use this eye shadow the most), Blacktrack gel eyeliner(for smokey eyes), gel eye liner brush 203, Hue lipstick (nude color & good for layering with Boy Bait) ***P.S. Thanks to my friend on Yelp, Jade W., she gave me a tons of beauty consultation in the past~Located inside Macy's at the Fashion Show Mall.This makeup brand is very popular. There used to be so few MAC counters, but now, they are all over (yay!). I started off with the studio fix powder foundation, concealer, eye shadows, blush, and makeup brushes- the best! Then I really love their lipsticks and lipliners- long lasting color and so flattering to most skin tones (i'm medium beige, asian). Another reason I love the brand is because when you recycle 6 MAC containers, you will get a free full-size tube of lipstick, a retail value $15.00, excluding the Viva Glam line (charity). Went here last night because I had a Macy's gift card burning a whole in my pocket (birthday gift), and got a few goodies- two lipsticks, Twig & Viva Glam V and one lipliner, Spice- the perfect neutral. Usually, I go to the outlets (past season, but cheaper), but I splurged this time (love those gift cards!). I've been checking the site online for colors. I forgot my list, but I think I found some winners.It's always so bright at the MAC counter (so you can see the colors, duh), with vibrant music, so the vibe is always so upbeat (usually pretty loud). Male or female, the cosmetics clerks are always wearing an arsenal of MAC makeup, so I always feel a little underdressed so to speak, because it's not like I wear a smoky eye as an everyday look. But they are helpful and nice, and they are performing makeovers on other customers, so, it works. The one helping me last night was very nice.I usually go to town square or caesars locations but was in the neighborhood and needed a different shade lipstick.... Viva glam is for a good cause...

I can't name all of their food, but most of it is what my mom always cooks: mungo, caldereta, adobo, dinuguan, pancit,  egg rolls, and other homemade dishes..their desserts are also top-notch, such as their HALO-HALO! The smell of the food,the sizzling noise of the pans, and the heart-welcoming people will make you come back for more...I can hardly write my review because I keep getting sticky hands from this adobo.  The only experience I have with Filipino food was adobo from a fair I went to.  I used to have Filipino coworkers who would always TALK about the food, but when potluck time came around, nothing.Anyway, the place is small and not much space to move around.  The food is in trays and you pick what you want.  I got the 2 picks and knew I wanted adobo, but asked the guy what else is good.  He gave me pancit which looked like lo mein or something.  Then he asked me if I wanted cantaloupe juice.  It took me by surprise when he pointed to this huge vat of orange, icy, slushiness...I stuttered and said "YEAH!!!"

Garlic knots were great, and so was the dipping sauce.Love their White Pizza! And the lasagna pizza is really good too. It keeps us coming back for more.So this review is pretty much all about the Grandma's Pie but first off I will add that I've had several of their individual slices as well as the Chicken Parm Hero and a Calzone.  All of which are decent but ultimately forgettable, unlike the Grandma's Pie.  Customer Service can be spotty, I've been ignored completely at lunch time and walked out twice.  But then the majority of the time I find the workers to be very friendly so it's a bit of a hit or miss head scratcher.  Now onto the Grandmas Pie...I like Margerita style pizzas but this is on a completely different level.  The crust has a cracker like crisp to the outer layer but is slightly chewy inside which I love.  You get the best of both worlds as far as I'm concerned as I love ALL types of pizza and crusts.  The cheese gets melted right onto the dough and gets dollops of their very flavorful homemade sauce baked right onto the top.  The basil leaves are normally very fresh and aromatic and for the grand finale, the freshly minced garlic puts an exclamation point onto this savory pizza pie, my favorite in Charlotte.  The Grandmas Pie is every bit of 5 stars but overall I had to rate Lorenzo's at a 4 because I've yet to have anything else there that has left such an impression.  Helpful tip for those who live more than 5 or 10 mins away...ask them to do a partial bake so you can finish it off at home in your own oven, nothing beats this pizza fresh out of the oven and they're happy to oblige.I like this place.

If you do a night tour during the colder months don't forget a jacket. It gets cold out there.

Like when that giant baby comes out and squirts stuff all over you, taking you back to child hood or pre language land.

In the shadow of the 51, easy to get to.  My wife and I visited a relative at nearby Good Samaritan Hospital, it was a very convenient location.

After my first visit back in 2011, I was in love. And made effort to go back there a couple more times since. I've had a couple of the dessert crepes, and one savoury. I can't recall which ones, but everything was fresh and delicious. The service was always good, and the ambiance is just lovely. Especially when it's warm and the windows are open.We enjoyed a stop at Suzette for crepes and fondue.  We enjoyed the salad and French onion soup as well as the savory crepes and ended our meal with fondue.  Friendly and fast service.I had the lobster bisque which was just okay. It was a bit bland for my taste but was decent. I also had a dessert crepe...I don't remember the name but it was pretty good. It had bananas, almonds, and was served with ice cream. Service was also good. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. If you're walking around Old Montreal and want a quick bite, pop in and get a crepe! *tip: free wifi!This lovely little French restaurant is located in the heart of Old Montreal. It was 3 minute walk from Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours Chapel, the oldest Church in Old Montreal. Since I was craving for crepes, my husband and I decided to try this restaurant after we visited that church. The restaurant was not fancy and the furniture was old-fashioned. Since we were Asians, the servers did not put a lot of attentions to us (we had an impression that the servers didn't like Asians since they just spend time talking to either locals or Caucasians.) We ordered a Crepe Suzette (crepe served with a delicious orange sauce, Grand Marnier and Cognac), a French onion soup and a mocha. We were surprised the portion was very big in terms of the money we spent. That was probably the best crepe we have ever tried. I am always afraid of food with strong orange scent (since it reminds me of the smell of garbage chute for some reason), but here, the crepe was just perfect, you can taste the hint of orange flavor but it won't be too over. The crepes are very crispy, thin and chewy. The French Onion soup was full of cheese and hearty. The mocha works perfectly with the crepes. Aside from the service we had here, everything else was perfect! We will definitely come back to visit Chez Suzette! :)Soup l'ognion de gratinée is a must!French onion soup was spot on!Hubby enjoyed his Le campagnarde crêpe![Montreal Food Tour Stop #6] Big crepes, savory and sweet, along with other breakfast food in a hopping part of Old Montreal.  There's an upstairs and downstairs dining room in this restaurant.  On a nice day, the windows will be open for fresh air.Highlights: Large, tasty crepes.  I ordered Crepe La Sonia, which is a large dessert crepe that includes strawberries, bananas, and hot chocolate sauce.  As a bonus, there's vanilla ice cream served on the side.  The crepe looked great and was sprinkled with powdered sugar.  There was a lot of fruit on the inside and the crepe itself was fluffy.  Yummy and sweet, but not too sweet.Critiques: The bananas in the crepe were a little overripe.  The crepe was big and very good, but it was a little expensive ($13-14 CAD) for a crepe of this quality.  I was probably paying a little more for the atmosphere.Overall: Solid crepes in a popular touristy part of town.  The flavor was very good overall.What's better for breakfast on your last day in Montreal than crepes?  Glad you agree.  Just down the street from our hotel was Creperie Suzzette with a sidewalk café.  Perfect!Two cups of coffee ($4.98), La Speciale Delice ($14.99) stuffed with scrambled eggs, ham, bacon, Swiss cheese, and mushrooms, and La Parisienne ($13.99) stuffed with Brie cheese and fresh apples.  What a nice sendoff this turned out to be.Portions were very generous and each of our crepes came with real maple syrup.  Service was very good considering they got slammed as soon as they opened.  Fortunately for us, we arrived just as the kitchen was catching up with the initial rush.  The crepes may have been a bit tough, but the flavor and fillings made up for that.nicest place to drink a hot chocolate while choosing a dvdBelle découverte. Café très bon et bol de chocolat chaud tellement incomparable! C est donc un café avec décoration originale, mais plus un club vidéo.

Charred Octopus - Smoked Potatoes + Rocket + Chorizo Aioli

- I'd definitely recommend this place if you like burgers. It's truly a step above your average fast food burger with the higher prices to prove it.Military discount while in uniform, is always a bonus maybe next time ya ok who we kidding.   Two Sin City Smash Burgers, French Frys and Smash Frys completed our order, and we almost licked the paper outta the baskets.  This was a great burger.  Service was impeccable so friendly and attentive to your requests, people kept telling us to try this place only wish we hadn't waited this long!I got done with class one day and I was starving, and to no one's surprise the first thing that came to mind is Smashburger.  Very close to UNLV, so it was within the proximity of accessing food before reaching maximum hunger.  The thought of biting into one of the great burgers they have was undeniable.I ate the Sin City Smashburger and it was good.  I had the 1/3 pounder with fries and it filled me up very well, I can't imagine how filling it would be with the 1/2 pounder.Now let me note that Smashburger may not appeal to anyone.  You have to be at the right mood and hunger to really enjoy this smashing, oil-drizzling, fatty patty monstrosity to its fullest potential.  To the average eater or person with medium hunger level, it can get nauseating very quickly.  It's greasy goodness can leave you feeling rounder by each bite, the fat patty becoming harder to swallow by every minute, and a guilt trip that can last for days. My only justification for eating was because I'm going to be in the hot sun and swimming for the next couple of hours.  And to be honest, I don't even know if that's enough to burn off all the calories I ate.With each passing moment I noticed that the burger got saltier and saltier.  Maybe my hunger was dissipating and finally my body started listening to my taste buds.  I could not finish the fries without drowning it in ketchup to lessen the saltiness.Still, it's an experience.  It's hard to find an unique burger joint with so much greasy and eggy goodness (many of their burgers have eggs in it).  I'd definitely bring my friends over for a big burger eat-out.  I can't imagine myself eating here everyday unless I want to look like a pudgy round asian guy rolling around sponsored by Pizza Hut.  But it's a great place to visit once in a while, probably on a special occasion.A little greasy, oily and salty, but would it be crazy for me to say that's part of the charm? Because it definitely is.I love smash burger! Definitely prefer bachi if I don't want a "Norma" burger.Anyways. I have to say i hate the setup of the ordering.Right when you enter and to the left... Is the menu. But people are in line and if you want to look people want to cut you.I don't like their "healthy" options.There are sweet potatoe French fries and then fried veggies.They should offer veggie sticks.I've had the grilled chicken sandwich and the sin city burger before.I liked the chicken sandwich/burger. Pretty straight forward. Fresh ingredients.Sin city burger had American cheese, fried onion straws, bacon and topped with an egg.Also really good.Food doesn't take long at all, everyone is mostly nice, and a meal is usually under 12 dollars.Burger, sides, and drink are all ordered separate.Oh yea! Fried pickles are way too salty.Of all the upscale fast food joints I've tried recently, Smashburger is my favorite, but there are still many places on my to do list. Every time I've heard this place mentioned, it's compared to In n Out. While I do think that the food is better than In n Out, I still think that In n Out is a better value. All these new burger chains popping up are sort of in a different league than In n Out. In n Out is a real fast food restaurant (with a drive through, usually right off the freeway). All of these new places tend to reside in strip malls and are usually less convenient to get to. They have each other to compete with, and it's a tight race. In n Out is miles ahead of their true competitors in taste, quality, and service.You can't ask more from a look-up-at-the-menu burger Joint. The menu has varied offerings, plus great sides like fried sweet potato. You can just about pick your toppings and the best part is the burger itself. It is homemade style and is smashed on the grill and cooked when you order. The meat is tasty and fresh, the 1/2 pounder is a belly full. Nice old fashioned shakes and malts. At the end of the day this is not a gourmet burger, but very high on the fast food scale.The reason for the 4 stars is that I was really FAMISHED after I got out of the hospital for rotations.I paid $24 for 1/2 Classic burger which was supposed to be the Sin City burger, sweet potato fries, 2 milk shakes (chocolate and caramel which are made of Haagen Daz... YUMM!) and 1/2 Baja burger. And no, I didn't it all by myself. I also tried little bites of the Sin City, Mushroom burger and the veggie frites. Not too shabby.The service was great. This place is perfect if you're on the go because cooks are fast.This place can be compared to Steak and Shake at SouthPoint BUT not comparable to Bachi burgers in my opinion.Would I come back? Probably not as much since it's located at one of the busiest streets of Vegas.Got the mushroom swiss burger YUM and sweet potato fries. Definitely would like to try some of the other things on their menu!This was my first time here.  I had the spicy baja and it was tasty!  I will have to come again and try some more things.First went to Smashburger in the Centennial Hills plaza at Ann Rd & 95, but took my bf here for the first time recently.  He ordered the Bacon Double cheeseburger, and I ordered the SmashChicken with avocado, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. Both came out in a hurry, we split onion straws and their signature smash fries in the rosemary and olive oil. Yum!  I actually prefer the deep fried pickles, but he hates pickles so for the first time visit, I was nice and let him try the fries. Can't wait to go back.Sin City burger is great.  It's just something about a burger with an egg on it.  Smash fries are good, but I'll pass on the sweet potato fries.  Only issue is that the smash fries are covered in oil, so it's a little messy.Here's hoping they don't meet the demise of every other place that has been in that location over the past decade.I had been wanting to try Smashburger! Many of my friends raved about this place and said I had to try it! I ordered the Baja Smashburger, it was  tasty and had just the right amount of  spice. I love jalapeños on my burger. The bun on this burger also had a kick to it, and made the burger that much more tasty! I would also recommend the Smash fries! They had such a good flavor and I found myself devouring them!!!My visit was satisfying and I would eat here again!A lot of people have been talking about this place, and when I saw the Groupon it was my key to try it.I ordered smash fries, 1/3 Sin City burger and a root beer float to go. While I was driving in my car, I was munching on the smash fries. Too much rosemary, not enough salt. Just not good flavor, which left me thinking the burger would be mediocre as well.When I got to my destination, I unwrapped the burger. It looked super greasy and unappealing, but whoa! Seriously the best burger that I have ever had! It melted in my mouth, which almost seems impossible for a burger, but it did. The bun is soft and fresh. The meat is juicy and full of flavor. Altogether, amazing! Someone said it's not as good as Five Guys - Wrong! The actual burger is better than In-N-Out (had it for lunch the same day, so it was fresh in my memory), Shack Shake in New York, Five Guys, Grind Burger, Burger Bar, etc.Pass on the fries. They need to work of those! The root beer float you can make on your own. Yes it is pricey, but it's gourmet. Totally worth it.One of those nights where the question "where we going to eat gets tossed around". Driving back from the west side of town and needed a burger fix.Came to mind that smashburger was on the way home.

Great way to fly.Long direct flight from Orlando!! It's Super Bowl Sunday so it's all good. Stuck on the Tarmac cause we got in 20 min early.Southwest Airlines is my main way of getting out of Dodge aka Reno NV. No frills, peanuts and maybe on a long haul cookies or pretzels or cheese crackers, Tip! Pack a lunch if you want something more. Yes you can get it through security. Just don't bring wine or beer. SWA has both and at a reasonable price. SWA  also has a decent rewards plan so far, plus cheep drinks, free bags, and free wifi now on all their planes with really good stations like the Food Channel. Or the Disney Channel for the children.. Love watching that as I cross the USA. The miss, I may have to go to LA before I can go to Fort Lauderdale with a stop in Atlanta. Never mind all the planes you may have to change to get where you need to go and the fear and angasity that you will go through if the weather is bad or the Harpies conspire so you will miss your connecting flight. If you want to serf the net you do need to pay. It's modest compared to other airlines.. but there is a charge. Since everything I have to do by email these days can wait, and I can write my Yelp recommendations off line etc. etc. and my FB people do not need to know what's happening at 35k+ feet I love the free wifi. SWA however is much more then just shuttling me around. It has been the airlines that has shuttled precious cargo. Ever since I was the Executive Director of the Nevada Diabetes Association way back in 1980 SWA has been flying our kids into Reno from Las Vegas and back home again for our biggest camp for kids with diabetes. Plus for the past 10 years they have flown our kids for Teen Camp too. It takes a lot of heart and a lot of cool to handle 40+ kids and 20+ staff who are all  singing camp songs in the back of the plane while having their blood sugars checked and who may have a major medical emergency at a moments notice. Yes we do have medical staff with them. But still there are other passengers who do not know that and SWA has never lost their heart or their cool. Look, in all honesty flying these days is not a joy. We get packed like sardines into a tin box and pray to the powers that be to keep us safe as we amazingly enough get off the ground. Image that?? We defy gravity!. So.. what makes a difference. The flight attendants, the check in people, the voice on the phone.. Customer services is everything. Plus.. the Pilots . They are really the coolest. If ever they say we are not leaving.. do not argue, they have made a right decision because no matter how long it might take they want you to get to your destination and then home in one piece safe and sound. I trust them with my life every time I fly..SWA is my airlines of choice as I travel around these United States. I take them to NYC, Chicago, Cleveland, Denver, LV, New Orleans and lots of places. My only problem is if only I could get there without having to go some place else they would be perfect.I would give this airline a five star if not for the station to station, airport to airport, crew to crew, differences.  I have flown many times with this airline and never really have any complains about how their service is/are....flight attendants varies with their personality .... We all are different but most of the time, the flight attendants in this airlines are comical and entertaining.The first time I flew with south west was with my Wife back in 2010 going to Las Vegas coming from Sacramento, it's an 1:15 minute flight but our attendant right of the bat .... Announcing the pre flight things they do was hilarious and funny.   It was night flight and was full. I can tell that some just want to get to Vegas.  Recently flights I have varies from boring to funny but this is traveling.  I appreciate the fact that southwest attendants thrive to not only serve their passengers but keep us loose.   Besides you can't beat the price ... I will continue to fly southwest ...I have been flying in and out of Las Vegas since middle school. They have always had the best rates compared to other airlines. Our recent trip to Nashville cost us $200/per person. Other airlines were charging at least $300. There is no assigned seating, so make sure you check in online 24 hours prior to your flight to get the best boarding group. Otherwise, you'll be stuck in the C group and forced to sit apart from your party. All of the Southwest employees are friendly and some even have a sense of humor. I've even had a few flight attendants even sing a little song while onboard. The snacks have greatly improved throughout the years and they have plenty of options to choose from. You can even get beer and mixed drinks for $5 each. Restrooms are super tiny so make sure you go at the airport before you board. Overall, I've always had a pleasant experience with Southwest and I will for sure be flying with them in the future.As far as affordable airlines go, really SW is the best. Service is usually friendly and moves relatively quickly. Flying to/from Vegas/Reno to see my mom is by far the best choice for the price and availability. I have Rapid Rewards from my credit card and so many of our trips around the country have been almost free by using points.I dislike the whole seating by checking in, I'll usually spend the extra $15 each way to get Early Bird Check-in because I hate the feeling of stressing about checking in the SECOND it's 24 hours from your flight, but, other than that SW Air is very good.They even provide 2 free bags per person and a free drink and bag of pretzels... Delta and United don't do that. Free pretzels, I tell you. Free.So far, I've always had a great experience flying into and out of Vegas with Southwest. Since this airport tends to be busy, finding seats, at your given gate, can be an issue. Other than that, I have no other complaints.A lot better than I remembered seat were spacious Headroom and Wi-Fi with some free TV shows although the flight was only an hour long it was very pleasant way to go SouthwestLove SOUTHWEST!!! I use to be such a fan of DELTA until I moved back from Atlanta to Las Vegas! I believe one of the main hubs for this airline is here in Las Vegas so there are constantly flights going out. I will continue to use them because of the great customer service and those two free bags checked?! What?! What other airline does that. I hear people talk a lot about why they don't like southwest because of the fact that there aren't any assigned seats? Well I always recommend the early bird check in so that they can automatically check you in 36 hours before your flight! Now you may not always get the boarding zone A but you will for sure get on the plane early enough to sit where you want. The flight attendants are usually really good too I have no complaints at all! Go Southwest!I like flying with Southwest. They are usually friendly and on time.One of the best airlines IMHO. They do tend to suffer from consistently delayed flights but the service is great. They have frequent flights, free drinks, free peanuts. 2 free checked in bags too, which is awesome. Prices tend to be good and I'm usually able to change the same flight around after purchasing to get a better deal. I usually take my backpack and a carry-on on board for a weekend trip.Around six miles outside of LV.  Used it with our Scenic tours http://www.yelp.com/biz/4LIcTJNbsJe5Ft2mcqPIDw?hrid=WKJmiSa8iaMAWh8hIisP6Q to flyover the Grand Canyon and spend the night at the South Rim.

HUGETarget, Barnes and Nobel, As You Wish, Marshall's JoAnn'sParadise Bakery and Coldstone

100th review!     *opens champagne*Better than Newport or spectrum, but still not the original in Laguna. Beautiful decor and design, true artistry in this place. Staff was accommodating and friendly without being annoying. I would definitely come back. Must try the piña margarita or their version of a Cadillac. Very refreshing.No, you're not going to find any taco specials here. But yes, you can get your polished $20 tacos and eat it in a swank dining room. Hate to say it, but my expectations going in were pretty low. The chatter on Javier's was  "over-priced" "not worth it" "underwhelming" "not real Mexican food." How else was I to feel? After eating there not just once but three times, I'm happy to say that Javier's isn't so bad.My Mexican friends are gonna kill me, but I actually like the food here! The selection isn't unique. You've got your usual meats, tacos, enchiladas, etc. Ingredients and recipes aren't creative masterpieces but the menu is easy to navigate and won't confuse you. The food tastes cleaner here--which can be expected. Meats and other ingredients are of a higher calibre and it really shows in the flavor. I can vouch for the Carne Tampiqueña and the Cabo Azul. And since everyone's #1 question is "is the Carne Asada worth it"... No, it isn't. Not to say it isn't delicious but like kobe beef, I'm 99.9% sure its a gimmick to add intrigue. It worked on 2 of my friends so far!Total date spot for sure. Its got the expensive, swanky feel without being overdone. The dark woods and leathers add to the luxurious ambiance but still make it warm and comfortable. The bar is under this massive rope chandelier and be sure to check out the world's largest chainsaw sculpture. It's actually pretty cool.Service is up to fine-dining expectations and the bartenders are excellent. They've got a huge selection of tequila bordering the lines of ridiculousness. Some of them go up to $2,000. Of the ones I've tried, I highly recommend the Clase Azul. Sweet, smooth, and relatively reasonably priced at $20. I don't usually get mixed drinks, but they make a mean margarita. They run around $17 (if i remember correctly). I had one with cucumber and lime which was nice & refreshing.I rate Javier's Finest Foods of Mexico Restaurant 4 of 5 stars. Newly opened next to the casino floor in the Aria Hotel and Casino in City Center, Las Vegas, NV, Javier's is a beautiful facility. Mostly done in dark colors (black) with strategic lighting it is a comfortable place to dine. First impressions of any Mexican restaurant will be the salsa and chips--well after two full baskets of chips and two dishes of salsa, I can say that I approve of the salsa; in fact it is really good!Javier's has a complex menu of choices including several house specials. Well, I'm a simple guy and ordered the Enchilada and Taco combination plate. Not your usual Taco Bell food! High quality food, well prepared and nicely presented. The taco was crisp and crunchy and tasted great. While higher priced than your local family joint, if you are in Vegas and looking for a great up-scale Mexican meal, I can highly recommend Javier's. In fact, on future visits to Aria, Javier's is on my list of things to do again. Oh, while you are in Javier's, make sure you get a close look at the back wall of all hand carved figures; a must see!I love Javier's in OC and here.  We ate here for NYE and their was a 30 minutes wait for seating and we just sat at the bar.  The food was well done.  I had the Chicken Enchiladas and Beef Crispy Taco with a Corona, $30 bucks.  This is somewhere I can go and know it's going to be good.Zentral auf der Casino-Ebene liegt das offene Javier's-Restaurant. Eines von diversen Restaurants im Aria (http://www.qype.com/place/1621121-Aria-Hotel-Casino-Las-Vegas) Hotel. Als mexikanisches Restaurant bringt es eine südkalifornische Atmosphäre nach Las Vegas. Und das mexikanische Ambiente hat man hier perfekt getroffen.

I normally go for a savory breakfast, like sausage and eggs, but the hot cakes seemed to be a big deal. They were really f'in good. If everything else were mediocre it would be worth going just for the hot cakes. They're thin, crepe-style with crispy edges. Sooo good.I get something different every time, but my wife always gets the same thing: Blueberry Crepe Pancakes. Fresh Blueberries with sour cream in a thin crispy-edged chewy pancake. I always get the last few bites as she can't finish them, and man, they are gooood! Everything else there is pretty good too. Get there at five minutes before eight and avoid the line that starts forming at about 8:15 on the weekends.Went with a friend who goes to Carnegie Mellon and raves about this place. I got Gail's favorite eggs - while I liked it, I didn't love it, probably because I'm a health nut and the menu isn't the healthiest. With that said, my meal was delicious, and my two friends inhaled their food. The hotcakes are their specialty, I believe, and they looked delicious!This is a popping place and seems to be a must-do for visitors. Make sure to bring cash though!One word I can use to describe my meal...YUM

Full bar.

__________________________________________

Hot cocktail waitresses (I may have mentioned that before...)

- I called ahead to set reservation, and requested seating near the window to enjoy the view of the strip since it was my parents first time in Vegas--they were so nice and accommodating. I had to call back and change timing since the concert took much longer than anticipated; they were more than glad to meet our request.As for the actual dining experience, our server was sweet and helpful. Took her advice on several dishes and it was on point. She even went along with me when I wanted to get my folks to take 2 plum sake shots [they're the one light drink only people]. She told my dad it was a 'pink juice shot', when he asked her what it was. LOL. Too bad I forgot her name, but I remember her a very small frame Japanese lady. On top of that, the manager [a korean fella] came to our table to greet and also at the end, to see how our dinner went. Very nice touch.Ambience- 4

We had the blues brothers tribute band played for the group they we off the hook!

only thing preventing a 5-star rating was that the goi cuon (spring rolls) were good,

Maggie (husband Eric)

Bien situé pour continuer dans un bar autour après!Une restaurant parfait pour manger santé sans avoir à se limiter à une salade ! Le concepte du buffet est vraiment excellent. Cela permet de choisir le plat que l'on veut manger et la quantité désiré ! J'ai pris une tres grande assiette et sa ma couté 13$ ! Je vais y retourné c'est certain ! De plus , c'est pres de l'uqam ! Parfait pour les étudiants !Anciennememt le Commensal, Végo est un comptoir gourmet proposant des mets entièrement végétariens. Vous y trouverez au 2e étage une rangée de réchauds proposant différents types de mets les plus savoureux les uns que les autres. À noter certaines fois ils peuvent devenir secs mais habituellement le roulement est bien fait. Vous pouvez débuter avec 2 choix de soupe puis remplir votre assiette des choix de salades puis de plat. À noter l'assiette sera pesée alors attention à ne pas manger avec vos yeux car la facture sera vite salée :) et par la suite terminez avec un dessert mes préférés: le cheesecake, la tarte aux pacanes qui est à tomber et si vous préférez rester santé prenez les fruits avec yaourt. Du café est également proposé je le trouve vraiment bon (corsé ou velouté selon les goûts) et à noter que vous pouvez même accompagner vos plats d'une petite bouteille de vin!!!!  Au 1er étage ils ont ouvert un café si vous souhaitez un goûter léger.On the first warm day in Montreal since September of 2008 I slipped my lily white feet (ok, deathly pale - who am I kidding) into flip flops for the first time and visited this little nail salon on Duluth.

Do not touch the mini bar as the sensors measure the weight of the itemsI would say overall if you are looking for a higher end quieter casino Aria is a good place to start! If you're cheap and want affordable gambling environment and food this is not the place for you.This hotel was great in nearly every aspect.  I think you just need to be prepared and plan to get the most out of your stay here.This hotel is classier (not as glitz and over the top) than many on the strip.  Great ambience and has all the facilities.

And I got a whiskey sour, because I had never had one and wanted to tryIt was good, it was pretty much what I was expecting

The service, while very friendly, is not overly fast.  It took sometime to finally get someone to show up.  Very personable and engaged but it took over 10-15 minutes to get the glass of wine and at least another 5 before the water appeared.  After another 5-10 minutes or so we finally received a basket of bread.

- Osso buco - Braised veal shank with farro grain

I first found Chakra 4 when searching for teas and herbs on the Internet to accompany my raw food diet. Upon my entrance I was greeted happily by the proprietor and offered immediate assistance. Upon request, advice was given (for they had three versions of the tea I was looking for) further suggestions regarding preparation, and quick checkout. This has been the standard for service whenever I visit the StoreThere are _walls_ of herbs and normally two to four staff to assist the many customers. Check out their website to see the depth of their product selection and knowledge.The Cafe':

5 stars would have been given , but some in our party said their omelette choices were just ok.

Die Musik von DJ Amazing Graze war der Hammer!

Cheesecakes were wonderful...lemon raspberry is my favorite

Ugh. Service pretty much sucked here, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5. It took foreeeeverrr to get any of our orders and sushi, and the waitresses didn't come to check on us so we had to wave and hunt them down to get more orders in.Also, the sushi chef made one of my friend's hand rolls wrong TWICE!!! The waitress tried to argue with us until we showed her there was a shrimp inside instead of scallop. I'm really not sure how you mix up scallop and fake crab / shrimp....

Great experience.  This is a repeater!One of the best pad thai in town! Their sushi selection and other entrees are also just as delicious. A little pricey and very busy and crowded in the evening, but it definitely is one of my more favorite Thai restaurants in the Queen City!Deejai is a cute place, nice ambiance, great for a romantic date. I got the roasted duck with curry sauce which was pretty good and my waitress was very attentive. My only criticism are the very dim light, it was very dark and almost impossible to see the other person's face until they put some candles on the table. Regardless, i enjoyed it and will come back again.Went here on a Saturday night and we got seated immediately in a booth. Fantastic as some places require long wait times for drop ins. Great menu as it had something for everyone's preferences. In fact, the dishes could be swapped out fairly easily for meat or tofu. I got the tofu curry and the tofu was VERY well cooked. Perfect taste and texture. The dish was 3 out 5 spice level, but that wasn't too spicy.Awesome atmosphere, friendly staff.  Only reason I didnt give 5 stars is because the pad kaprow only had ground beef and not beef strips.  But that's more of a personal issue I suppose.The food at Deejai Thai is fantastic. Easily the best miso I have had in Charlotte. The vegetables are cooked just right. The sauces they use are great in flavor and consistency. Even the tofu is cooked perfectly, which you don't see too often. Deejai will definitely satisfy your craving for delicious Thai food. Also, they do feature a good selection of beers, wines, and sake.It's nice and cozy on the inside. Though the dinning area is pretty small and so is the bar. It has an atmosphere for romance however you'll find you self to close to other dinners to really get an intimate feeling. The place is usually packed for dinner and rightfully so.It is far from the most affordable Thai in town so I wouldn't recommend using if for take out unless you have a lot of money. It is a good place for close friends, family, and lovers.Love this local thai joint. It is way less filtering of to go orders like Thai Taste on East. Great intimate dining space to enjoy some of Charlotte's best Thai! The service is top notch and the food is outstanding. I enjoyed the Pad Kee Mow with chicken (spice level 4 , +1 to the typical) and it was full of flavor AND heat which is rare! The chicken was no mystery meat. We also enjoyed the spring rolls - those were top notch!Really good Thai food.  Desserts were ok, I liked the fried bananas, though.We went to Deejai Thai last weekend in search of a flavorful dinner and they were able to provide exactly what we were looking for.We decided to sit outside to enjoy the lovely NC spring weather in their side patio - and we were both impressed on how much they had done to make their little space relaxing and elegant. Our drinks came in trendy mason jars, and my Thai iced tea was the perfect drink to enjoy outside!We started with the Jeeb Sai Moo / Curry Pot Sticker, which was served in a light curry sauce, but there wasn't much seasoning on the filling of the pot stickers, which was disappointing.My main dish Pad Kra Prao/spicy Basil chicken was fantastic! The portion that came out was more than filling for dinner and lunch the next day. The menu listed this item as "spicy level 3" but there was more basil flavor than spice. My only complaint with the dish was the half shallot randomly in with the ground chicken and other chopped vegetables. My boyfriend ordered the green curry, which he said he is often unable to find at Thai restaurants in Charlotte. We will definitely return to sample more items off of their menu.

pete's still blue collar

I've been driving to Desert Ridge's Sushi Station location for a few years - and am thrilled to have one so close to home now!

I am excited that they play The Walking Dead on Sundays.....I just think that's really cool.     I look forward to them expanding their repertoire and hopefully adding Indie flicks and festivals.It is quite a hike for us from Uptown but it is worth it when you get there.  Plenty of parking and easy to find.  The lobby is huge and has a pool table while you wait for your movie to start!  The bar has a nice selection of beer and wine.  The food is movie-themed - very fun!  While you are in the theatre, it is easy to place a dinner order and your food comes out pretty quickly.  The pizzas are great and the waiter keeps coming back to check to see if you are ok.  Great spot!I have been to Cinebarre previously and was not impressed but when I went this past Friday to see the release of Gangster Squad my faith was renewed in this place. Our server Garret did a great job with our theater. I'm not sure if he enlisted help or if they have a team mentality but I thought everything was brought to us as efficiently as possible. The popcorn is brought to you in a big silver bowl and if you want butter they use real butter that gives it a very homemade taste. My husband got a pitcher of beer which I believe was $13 for yuengling. Definitely not that bad for a Friday night. The drinks were very good. I got a sangria and my friend got a mimosa. All of the drinks have clever movie related names which I thought was cute. They are line priced with a regular bar, but I thought they were well worth the price. This was a great experience. I think an action movie or a comedy would be best to see here because people are fidgeting the entire time, and you need a not serious movie to be able to fully enjoy it. They also have fun events which I would like to partake in including brunch on the weekends and $5 tickets before noon on the weekends. I think one of the things I appreciated most was that you can get a pitcher of girls drinks. I do not drink beer so anytime I can get a cider or a pitcher of mimosas I am one happy girl. Just one last side note is that I have found free tickets to this theater in the Charlotte Observer so be on the lookout! The only reason why I did not give this 5 stars is that the waiter mixed up our orders when giving us the check. We were a group of four split into 2 pairs and there wasn't any way to tell him what went on what ticket because they drop it about 2/3s of the way through the movie. I had a fantastic time and we will be back!I cannot wait to bring my husband here for date night. We don't even have to leave our seats to be served! They have a well-thought concept! They offer personal pizzas (which are large enough for two to share, unless you are super hungry), a variety of beers and wine, milkshakes, and more. When you want to order, you just shift your order vertically and it will grab the attention of your server with very minimal distraction, if any.Looking forward to my return.Sound for the movies blows but nice environment. Didn't eat the food, but loved getting a glass of wine with a movie. In the future I won't see movies that need surround sound at this place, but other types of movies will be great.$5 movie Tuesday's! Doesn't get much better then that. I have gone to Cinnebarre several times now, the first couple of times I went, the service was a bit spotty as they were working out their kinks. It was not a big deal for me. All new businesses have growing pains. It seems to me that they have it down pretty good now. I do recommend getting to the theater at least 15 to 20 minutes before the show starts. I also prefer to get a bucket of beer ahead of time, that way I do not have to wait for the servers or mess with the menu cards during the movie. You also basically get a free beer when you buy a bucket. There are no beer specials on $5 Tuesday's. However, all other days of the week they have really good drink specials. The menu is pretty basic with some apps, pizza, sandwiches, and burgers. Personally, I would stick with the pizza. The veggie burger is pretty good also and is probably the only somewhat healthy thing on the menu.Hello Friends,Now I coulda sworn I've written a review once I left here way back when!!! No worries!!Nice setup.Bar at the entrance where you may purchase tickets, drinks, & food (which is pretty freakin good considering. A few pool tables. Imagin seatin at any movie, add about a foot & 1/2 of leg room. That's where you eat. No worries. When your done and want to sit back it doesn't block your view. Kinda like Bubba Gump or you run of the mill Brazilian restaurant where you inform someone you would like service by placing your order sheet out in the open!!Pretty cool. Mother & Child days are on Tuesdays (all movies 5 snaps). Just in case you are thinking like I did, can I come even if I'm not 1 a mother 2 no child!! Answer. YES!!I noticed they show NFL games in Sundays. Wow. Great idea. Had I not already had my NFL Ticket to see my Tampa Bay Buccaneers, I woulda checked that out. Maybe next!!

Abby - 5 stars

Salmon Ochazuke - Excellent. I'll come back just for this.

I have yet to explore their brewed coffees, but perhaps that will happen next time I'm in.The breakfast burritos are tasty, and as are the pastries.I'd like to think Giant will hold me off on Four Barrel until the next time I'm In the richly coffee-cultured city of San Francisco.ESPRESSOI'm a macchiato man, stained through and through, and Matt Poole marks his Four Barrel espresso with Strauss organic milk, so I am a happy man at Giant.  The sparkling water sidecar they serve with espressos and macchiatos is an expert touch. The espresso is smoother, say, than the coppery undertones of Lux, and Giant serves it in handle-less demitasse ceramics that are hot (not too hot) to the touch.PASTRY and FOODThe daily breakfast burrito (wrapped for takeaway or reheated and served on a plate in 12-15 minutes) is rarely vegetarian, but when it is, the tortilla is flaky, the eggs fluffy, and the peppers and potatoes local.The bread pudding is chewy delicious.I usually opt for the toasted bagel because the fresh-daily cream cheese is varied and fresh (dill or bell paper or carrot).AMBIENCEOn weekends and afternoons, it's less swarmed than Lux or Lola, and feels open and clean with concrete floors, high ceilings, clean lines, and bold materials (steel, wood, glass).The floor-to-ceiling glass panels accordion fold back to reveal a totally open front, great for gazing at Cancer Survivor's Park, Phoenix Art Museum, and McDowell & Central Ave.Bunky next door is sleepy, but every item is artfully placed.  Occasional succulents dot the interior and exterior.EXTRASGiant now accepts credit/debit via the nifty Square app on the house iPad.   The music rarely changes, and I have been hearing the same playlist for about a year (Spoon, Heartless Bastards, etc.).  Giant has dog treats, but I believe they prefer pups to be on the stoop out front.  No bike rack currently but a convenient railing serves just fine.I went to my mothership, aka the Burton Barr. I was about to head home when I discovered Giant, on their 1 year anniversary no less! They were giving away FREE 12oz COFFEEs. (So, you know this review was bribed.) I went for the honey vanilla latte (I remembered yelpers yelping about it.) Sure thing, I agree! Mmm, mmm very good.Um, the weird thing about Giant is despite its name, it's pretty easy to miss. (I mean I'd never seen it before in all my days) So, if you're planning to go, look for the CVS across the street. Park your car over there too. There's parking in the back of Giant, but it's limited and you can't really keep your eye on your vehicle. And, well, you may want that ability. Oh, cute boutique attached too!Giant is so wonderfully great. My two go-to drinks - the Pour Over and just good old fashioned shots of espresso (with the sparkling water chaser they give you!). The pour-over beans change with whatever awesome Four Barrel bean they've ordered that week - which is fine by me! I've tried the Rwanda, which is by far the best, the Colombia and the Guatemala. I have to enjoy the delicious 16 oz of heaven for a good 10-20 minutes. With an apple... with their biscotti... with nothing. Just try the Pour Over! Their espresso is smooth and tasty. The baristas are helpful, educational without being pretentious. Amen brothers & sisters!Now, I feel like I'm betraying Giant by only giving them 4 stars, because really they are one of the best in Arizona. But the iced toddy did not work for me. It's HOT in AZ... and if you're going to rock an iced toddy, it needs to be excellent. So I would say they should perhaps revisit their toddy beans or brewing method? Perhaps I just caught the drink on an off day. RUN to Giant Coffee!!I've visited Giant Coffee many times, and I'm finally getting around to writing a review. I think my last experience pushed me over the edge to finally writing it. Whenever I'm in Phoenix and looking for coffee I usually head to Giant. Nothing against Lux or Lola just down the street, but Giant is more focused on their product. Giant has a standard of sourcing great coffee and using high quality product.On my last visit I ordered a cappuccino and it was nearly perfect. Warm, but not too hot. Smooth by still having a strong espresso dynamic. Perfect balance. Before I left I went up to the counter to order a cup of coffee to go. They have a great setup for to-go coffee. They brew great coffee in large quantities so that those who are on the go can get a great cup of coffee quickly. The barista was very sweet and informed me the coffee had been sitting for a while. She said it would be a few minutes and she would brew me a fresh pot. It was the middle of the week, and I think there were only two other people in the shop, who had already ordered drinks. How easily could she have served me that mediocre cup of coffee? Very. But this showed her integrity and pride in their coffee to brew a whole new batch just for me. It's the little things like that that impress me the most.I recommend this coffee shop for anyone in the downtown Phoenix area. Not to mention the cool sliding glass doors in front that they open up when the weather is nice. There's some comfy chairs and cook wooden tables to sit and enjoy the weather from.PS. The clothing boutique next door is also cool. I found a great hat there.First of all, there is nothing wrong with this place. It's a state-of-the-art coffee shop that offers all the popular items at good prices. Go there and enjoy. Visit in conjunction with a trip to the Art Museum, Phoenix Little Theatre or the main library. Drop by after getting some Thai food on the corner. It's a nice place. . . . But . . .  :-)I had a few thoughts while enjoying an iced Americano today. The table that holds the sugar and cream and stirrers near the counter is some relic of a machine shop: an adjustable-height table of very heavy construction, with dials and massive casters and a requisite amount of patina. It looks splendid in its unpretentious way. It was designed and built and used for years as a genuine tool in an industrial surrounding. And in its prosaic and rugged simplicity it stands for something that nothing else in the place can claim. It's real, whereas the finished plywood on the walls, the welded girders under the tables, the exposed cinder blocks of the walls are merely "authentic".And as I sat pondering this today, slowly drinking my Americano (itself a relic of the sort of conundrum I was pondering) something occurred to me: Authenticity is to reality what margarine is to butter.Something that strives for authenticity is just as artificial (perhaps moreso) than things that just strive to be entertaining, or good-tasting, or intriguing in some way. There's no more "reality" in something that's synthetically and self-consciously "authentic" than in something like Taco Bell or Olive Garden. There is actually LESS reality in anything contrived to be "authentic" with even a small amount of self-consciousness.And so I recalled stuff from the late sixties and early seventies--when "authenticity" first seemed to ride a wave into the popular consciousness and everyone wanted to wear granny glasses and finish their own furniture. And I realized something:American culture has been a fraud for the last 40 years or so.Go and enjoy. This place leads to great thoughts.The places I *haven't* reviewed always surprise me, because more often than not they are places I regular - in this case, Giant.  I've literally been coming here since it opened, I was there for the first year anniversary and literally countless days in between, yet I haven't given a Yelp review yet - weird!If Yelp had half stars, I'd give Giant 4.5, but all the slight nuances add up, and I don't feel right giving 5.The coffee bean:

A great golf course in Las Vegas.

Pepperoni Pizza-  spicy with curled edges!

It's a bit pricey...Why so pricey?---I guess for the privilege of buying something healthy?...vs...something fabricated by DOW chemicals and produce shot full of altered chromosomal waste!First of all, everyone shopping here needs to slow their roll.Okay.  You are groovy and 'green'.  You buy Jicama milkshakes and no-pesticide turnips.  Your NHW20 Hybrid Prius awaits your herbal carriage and will rip you home to your grass and mud 15 story energy insulated highrise hut at a full 110 horsepower; "We can do it" Rosie the Riveter tats blazing with your arms out the open windows to conserve the 1,986/miles per gallon gas tank .  So turn it down a molecule, Janis Joplin.So, now that my little beef (erm, pardon the pun) is outta the way, I must say that I very much enjoy the inventory of TJ's.  First and foremost, I never leave here without restocking the $3 buck Chuck - Shiraz and Cab for mid-week meals when you don't feel like busting out the $15-$25 dollar vino.  The rest of the wine selection is surprisingly so-so and seems to have faltered in the last few years.  A once proud beer selection (and they allow you to mix-n-match sixers) has also decreased in quality, though they DO stock a nifty amount of Oak Creek Brews, which any proud Arizonan will stock up on without nary a glance at the Guinness or what have you.The produce is not as expensive as the organic section of Safeway, so its a good place to stock up on a few extra 'healthier' (*cough*) veggies (my fiancee thinks so, anyway) at no extra charge.  Their meat selection is pretty decent for a store whose clientele are poster-children for the PETA Militia. TJ's is a nice place to supplement you grocery stash, but I just don't think I could do 100% of my shopping here -- and this from someone who eats-in very healthily about 95% of the week.  We have staples here that we almost always pick up -- that wine I mentioned before, edamame, veggies, a variety of fish, beer, and a couple of snacks like popcorn or cookies -- but that's primarily it for TJ's.  My fiancee likes the plant/flower selection too, and I suspect that any female would, especially if she wears a cute lilac bandana, wears overalls to paint, and says stuff like "eww meat".Trader Joe's is great, because it's really affordable.  They make a lot of their own products, which are always fantastic.I have two issues with TJ's: 1)  You can't go there looking for something specific, because they may not have it

We love that they have daily specials, but also, on Mondays our kids eat free, with a paid entreé, what is there not to love. We are a family that enjoys eating, and going out to eat, and this kinds of deals are what we look for, plus, he food is great!

I like downtown.

ESPRESSO RUBBED SKIRT STEAK: Espresso flavor was bold, this dish was better than expected.

The service though the lady was nice but damn if she didn't take 10 min to check back in on us and give us our check. So lost a star there.Its a great place, try the mac and cheese and the burger is also good. but of all i like the service and the beer.Sliders are great, house brews are good , breakfast is the best . parking is the only negativeStopping off for smoked olives, bacon popcorn, gourgeres, rinds and some oatmeal chocolate nitro stout. Totally yummy and a great historic space. Go immediately!Everything about the beer, building design, and food makes this my kind of place. A fantastic brewery in Phoenix.Decent place to grab a drink and some snacks. I've been for lunch, breakfast, and to chill with apps at the bar. The food is okay pub fare, however, the mac and cheese trio app is delicious (steak and siracha!). Go for the beer and you won't be disappointed.Their lunch deal makes this a great place for a special lunch on a budget.For $10 you get 10oz of just about any beer, of which they have many good ones even made in house. A choice of 1/2 of a serious sandwich and a side. There are a few other options too like tomato soup with grilled cheese. The Tuna salad 1/2 sandwich I had was tall and large with a thick slice of cheese. The tuna salad had a nice smokey note and was not try or too laden with mayo. Fries were a great trust side.It was not the fastest lunch but for $10 +TT its a decent deal if you need to escape your day for a bit.I had a buddy from out of town staying with me this weekend, and he enjoys his beers.  We had lunch at Pizzeria Bianco down the street, and then decided to stop here on the way back.  I was driving, so I ordered a Coke.  My buddy got a flight of beers.  The setup of the place is pretty cool.  The bar is huge!  Bartender James was super chill and very friendly.  My buddy thought the beers were just ok but really liked the atmosphere.  James hooked me up with my Coke for free.  Cool spot and I would definitely bring people back.We were first time visitors just looking for a brew. It was off-hours so it wasn't busy and the staff was friendly. Our waitress (Ashley) was a blast and very helpful with beer and food suggestions. It's a shame that this place gets as many bad reviews as it does. (As I am not a native, I just chock it up to it being Arizonians aren't the most friendly people and a local establishment seems to reflect the whole "whatevz" attitude) But on that note, the food was tasty, we had the mac and chz sampler and the veggie "pate" (if you could honestly consider it a pate). I'd probably come back if I'm in the area and craving a good brew.Nice staff, excellent beer selection, good food and a full bar. Worth a stop.First time here. I had the 7th St sliders. Three sliders one  chicken one burger and one trip tip. All three were real good. I will definitely come back to try something else.We are so happy this place is in our neighborhood. We recommend cozying up at the bar. The bartenders are always welcoming and you have the TVS if you want to watch the game. So happy they have a lot of their beer on tap now.Was in the neighborhood so i decided to stop in and have a quick brew! Loved the ambiance being an old building and all! I tried 2 of the beers and was highly impressed! Next time I will try the food!They've done a nice job with the decor. It's open, bright, and airy! Still kept the brick wall interior from 1926. They have a nice wrap around bar and ample seating. The lunch special is just that, "special"! I had a nice salad and half tri tip sandwich with a 10oz beer for only $10 bucks. All the food I saw being served looked inviting. I also tried the smoked wings and they were so yummy! Habanero and Chipotle flavors...I'll pass on their beer though, none of them really suited    my likings. I had a beer flight so I got some samplings and had the cherry porter with my lunch special.If I'm ever back in this area I'd be hard pressed between choosing food and ambience over beer?Great beer and service!wings are fantastic! Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is locationGreat little place. The smoked tuna sandwich is the best thing there. I highly recommend!Found it while visiting Phoenix. Service was good, food wss really good but a little pricey, $14 fit a burger but good beer selection. They had a good red that I tried.i havent sampled their beers but as a restaurant they are fantastic. i have never gotten the same thing twice here and its all been great, the staff have always been helpful and oh lord the pork belly blt is one of the richest sandwiches i have ever tastedVery good food and large portionsGood variety of beers.Nice waiting staff and fun swag to purchase Parking can be tricky  But worth waiting to find a spot.We tried this place on a recommendation for weekend brunch.......Wow!  Great food, great atmosphere and what a value.  I have been back for business lunches and have never been disappointed.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about food pairings with their extensive beer list.  Oh did I mention.......brunch includes a beer, bloody mary or a mimosa.  I am not a vodka guy and typically only like the bloody mary mix, except at Mother Bunch; the full octane is only way to go.  I would have to say it is one of the best mixed drinks I have had. Tasty tasty tasty!!!  This is a go out of your way destination restaurant bar.  I have sampled anywhere near the full menu, but I think I am safe to say you won't go wrong with any selection.  Then there is the value aspect...........awesome value for the quality of the food and atmosphere.Very good beer and very good food, in a cool space. They just need some ceiling fans. The bacon popcorn is cool, not sure if it's worth it, the cheesy poofs are fun, the roasted garlic spread was nothing original but I really liked it, and the burgers were quite good.I found the service good and the staff friendly.Was here with friends for brunch. We had all sorts of different foods and I heard no complaints. My particular choice was a corned beef Reuben with a salad to replace the the fries. Quite often a switch like that gives you sort of a suggestion of a salad, this was a full on salad with a nice vinaigrette. And the sandwich was very good too. They had a nice selection of beers and any one of them was available in a 4oz glass by itself or in a flight. We had a party of 13 including 2 little ones and the service was very good. Definitely a place I would go back to.Our employer recently decided to have a rotating selection of food trucks come every Friday, which is a decision I heartily support.  Today was Sweet Magnolia, and I had to try their special: Sunny Side Up - brisket on a bun, with a fried egg on top + a side of coleslaw and mac & cheese ($10).  Decent amount of food and the flavor was good for everything, although the brisket did seem a little over-cooked.  The sauce was good, their homemade coleslaw was just right (I hate it when it's too sweet) and the mac & cheese was decent.  Seems to be a newer, smaller operation than some, but the service was great and the seemed to have a nice selection of choices.  If they come back I'll be trying their ribs for sure, definitely worth checking them out!Sweet Magnolia SmokehouseYou know I love food and smoked and/or BBQ is one of my favorites. I came across a food truck today and wanted to share my experience with you. Walking up I was greeted by "B". I like this approach much better than trying to look up at a window and the person barely hearing me. I let "B" know right off the bat that I would be writing up a review and handed him my card. I also let them choose what type of sandwich and side I would be trying today since they all looked good. The truck was clean and signage is great.On the menu for lunch was a pulled pork sandwich on what was somewhat of a potato roll. Nice choice for the bread! The two sides were their macaroni and cheese and Cole Slaw. I'll talk about those in a minute. Pork Sandwich

The outside pool area is impeccable: beautiful landscaping, clean lounge area, good pool-side service. Didn't enjoy the young kids playing in the pool, splashing water in my face several times, but didn't feel like planting myself in the "European" topless area either. Wish the pool (on the Wynn side) stayed open later. That would have been fantastic.THE BUFFET

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ventura-grill-scottsdale-2?select=VL3V1ec3XMvhM83Lt865oQ#VL3V1ec3XMvhM83Lt865oQCheeseburger, $9

I would definitely recommend this place if you want a good quality food fairly quickly, there is certainly a lot of choice on the menu and I'd love to go and try other toppings sometime.One of my favorites burger resturants in Edinburgh! I went there a couple of times and was never disappointed. There are a lot of beef, chicken and lamb burgers to try. Don't worry if you're a veggie, you will be able to enjoy a great burger too! One portion of their homemade and tasty chips easily fills two people. Drinks are a bit expensive and the choice of beers is really limited, but that's the only regret I may have.The waiters have always been helpful and friendly and they have always been of great advice.Not to forget the amazing view! Ask to be seated near the windows if possible, although it might be a bit chilly for you, you will love it.One of the better burgers I've ever had outside of the USA. It's located in a huge mall overlooking the port, so you can dismiss any hopes of legitimate Scottish culture, but the grass fed beef burger is fantastic.  I covered mine in BBQ sauce, closed my eyes, and pretended I was back in Justin Bieber's country of temporary residence. My fellow Americans-- tip generously. It's one of the few stereotypes about our people that we should encourage.Café Gourmand is the latest acquisition of the area, I presume. It's been here for the past 2 or 3 months. It's a little café on Nicolson Street that offers a French menu, from breakfast to desserts, soup of the day, coffee and more. One thing I love about the area (Newington) is its diversity, there's a bit of everything: Thai, Indian, Malaysian, Sudanese, Tex-Mex, Italian and now French. This may be ambitious for a tiny café with a limited menu -among other established coffee places in the same block. However, I can see the potential of this café and I do hope it becomes a serious contender in the area. And to do so, it already has one essential thing: it's real food! On top of that, it serves something different and, if that was not enough, it's French! This coffee shop serves full breakfast ('til noon on weekdays and all day during the weekend), soups, sandwiches, hot sandwiches (like croque monsieur), crêpes and desserts and all sorts of beverages. The menu apparently changes every week or so (I've been twice in the past 5 days, need to go back in a week or so). In my two visits I've tried their onion soup, and potato, spinach and nutmeg soup. And both were delicious! I've had their spinach and mushroom crêpe and the popular croque monsieur. Both really really good. Must say that I could easily stick to crêpes (because I love them and there are several savoury and sweet options) but I went for the croque monsieur with the intention of basing my review on two different dishes. There are also several options for dessert (croissants, cakes, muffins, all look quite tasty) but I've only had the macarons (pistachio and vanilla) and both were amazing! One of the staff girls said they bring them from France, so there you go... great stuff! I wish I could say more about its menu but as I said, I've only been twice. Yet, I'm thinking of a good excuse to go back again and try something new. I'm really looking forward to having breakfast here and, even though it's not good to have any expectations, I presume it'll be good. Will see... I can't give Café Gourmand the highest mark just because it's quite new and some things can still be improved (the atmosphere of the place, for instance). Of course, this is totally comprehensible having opened quite recently. Yet, it's clear to me that their real bet is on the food they serve and this already speaks for the people running the café and what truly matters, quality food. Bonne chance and... bon appetit!Nice little café in Newington where you can indulge yourself with savoury crêpes and really nice Macaroons from Paris. Great coffee, too.Nice staff that will greet you with an awesome French accent if you're lucky. Haven't tried their breakfast yet, but I heard it's worth a try.A crêpe café. Something my local Edinburgh neighbourhood has been missing, and then as if by magic, voila - introducing Le Café Gourmand.Don't let the slightly plain appearance throw you off. This cute little café on Nicholson Street has something a little different about it -namely, crêpes. As Gabriela V has said before me in her review, Nicholson Street really does spoil us Old Town'ers with its mixed bag of Indian, Thai, Tex-Mex, greasy spoons, antique tea shops...and now, French. And oh what crêpes they are. I stopped in here on a very driech Monday morning with a friend for breakfast. Originally thinking just a nice old tea and scone would do the trick, when I saw the crêpe menu I had to spend a good 10 minutes not talking um'ing and ah'in over what to have. The one that especially caught my eye, which I refrained from for breakfast, was chickpeas, spinach, cumin and other unusual ingredients. Oh and the smoked haddock, bacon, grueyere one looked divine but a little too decadent.So being the good girl that I am, I only went for bacon and maple syrup (saintly in comparison) whilst my friend had the banana, cinnamon and maple syrup. And yup - those were some good crêpes. Thick, freshly made, a good size and now I doubt I'm going to need to eat until dinner.The coffee was really frickin' good too. Good enough for me to make note of it here. They also specialise in macaroons and had some delicious looking desserts like eclairs and other French fancies.Again, the café itself is a little plain-Jane although really quite comfy and cosy. I think it's a relatively new café and I'm delighted to see them doing so well.I also discovered they have a check-in offer on the Yelp app after I checked in as I was leaving (take note, check-in on ARRIVAL) for 20% off a crêpe. Which means I'm just going to have to go back and have either that chickpea and spinach bad boy, or at the very least nutella and strawberries. Needs must eh?macaroons at 1.20 each-a bit sweet but not bad! Incredible After Eight mocha and decent milkshake.  The bacon & maple syrup crêpe was great and the croque madame sandwich was tasty as wellTo celebrate having done my French oral exam this morning, I went for lunch at le café gourmand with two French friends. I used to come here quite often, until I found out I couldn't eat gluten anymore.Good news! Now you can eat savoury galettes without worrying about tummy problems! They are made of buckwheat, so there are no eggs or gluten, and they have a great texture. I went for the middle eastern filling: chickpeas, spinach, butternut squash and feta. It came with plenty of olive oil and I think a little tahini. It was great not feeling like the odd one out, as the other two also opted for savoury crepes. There wasn't much in the way of feta, but they were generous with the butternut squash, spinach and olive oil. Everything tasted really fresh and I left satisfied.  I don't think they would go that sweet with the sweet fillings, so I skipped pudding! I did get a naturally gluten free pistachio macaroon on the way out. It was £1.20, but seriously worth it! They make these over at Maxime, the salted caramel was also very tempting. My friends got the sweet crepes, both went for nutella, banana and strawberries. Le café gourmand also uses artisan coffee, which I know is fantastic, Food wise, they have some delicious looking cakes, soup, and croque-monsieurs.With a student discount, it was pretty affordable. This is a great place to come and brush up your language skills, as many of the the staff are French, there are occasional conversation classes, the wall is covered in paintings of Paris, and of course, there's French food!Tried Cafe Gourmand out for the first time last week. The coffee was excellent, the banana, maple syrup and cinnamon crepe I had was delicious and they had lots of lovely looking cakes on display. My one personal niggle that prevents them getting 5 stars is the number of items on the menu that involve Nutella, which I really hate.I was meant to be getting the train back to Glasgow around lunch time after working with Jenny L when she mentioned the words 'crepe' and 'gluten free'. Upon hearing those magical words I decided to change my plans to stick around for lunch - crepes are one of my favourite things ever (as well as my patronus, but that is a whole different story which is really far too off topic to include in this review). The place is pretty casual inside with small tables and it can feel a little cramped. It's popular though, so they are trying to fit in as many people as possible. I went for the Italian crepe as anything with Bolognese is a winner in my books. We waited a little while for them to arrive as it looks like they only have two cooking stations and when it arrived I was excited to see the Bolognese on top of the crepe, with the ham and cheese inside the crepe. Ohhh, heaven. It lived up to all expectations and was really delicious. I couldn't eat all mine but I had a large breakfast so I blame the Eggs Benedict. Prices seemed reasonable, staff were friendly and they didn't mind that we hung out for a few hours while we got some more work done. I'd definitely veer back here for crepe good times in the future.Oh, sure, sure, it's not without its flaws. It's changed hands and they're not consistent on the service (I was sitting there for about ten minutes before someone toddled over my way, but to fair, I had my laptop open so I didn't really look like I was waiting). Also, I have learned the hard way that their wifi just ain't friendly. Luckily, I can hotspot from my phone with no problems, but others aren't so fortunate, I'm sure.But in a way, I kind of have to give 'em points for bringing me the wrong drink, because I always, always have a "red fruits tea" when I'm in here, and this time, I asked for redbush. The young lady taking my order (and payment at the end) got this bit right. But the staff member responsible for making and bringing my drink brought me, not what I asked for, but the similar-sounding drink that I normally have. Which is pretty cute actually, and not really grounds for feeling upset (especially since they're the same price, I think).The croque madame has undergone a makeover. It used to be simply bread, some ham, great melted cheese, and then the egg. No longer - now it is two entire sandwiches, filled with cheesy white sauce, topped with melty melty cheese, sprinkled with chopped ham, and egged in finery with a fried egg done just right.Side note: they now display their macarons on one of those confusing wizard-hat arrangements. I do not understand the magic wizard's hat of macarons that appears to be so ubiquitous. Why do they not lie flat? Why are they thus inclined to the zenith?Anyway, again I say - that PLAYLIST, dude.Service is slow but despite this 4*'s for my cheese and ham galette :-)Gluten free galettes available in both sweet and savory options, they come as a decent size portion and are about £4-£5 so budget friendly. Tasty, filling and with a decent amount of both ham and cheese but not too greasy, I wasn't disappointed.Sure, it is a bit cramped inside and if you hit it over staff break time like we did, you'll have a bit of a wait which can be a bit frustrating considering crepes and galettes are super easy and quick to make. So, I'll definitely return if I want a galette - they have really good options and it is easy to amend menu offerings if some combinations don't suit. Not tried their coffee but the smoothie I had was good too :-)I would love to give them five stars but its barely my first day (actually hours) with the system. I just want to start by saying that I started out by hiring another company but things didn't feel quite right. So I immediately canceled and contacted a friend who used to work for this company. He sent me over to a current employee who was so helpful, polite and honest that I was sold before he even finished telling me the details. The employee kept in contact with me until the installation was completed and let me know that If I had any further questions I could always reach him. Now let me tell you about my Techs. Awesome! Super friendly and detailed about their work. I believe I had Dan Wolfe (who has a broken hand btw) it took them a little less than two hours but they didn't leave until I was comfortable with my system.  I know this company has had a lot of bad reviews and i promise nobody paid me to write this. I might come back and give an update after a month but so far I am really happy with the way the handle their service. Thank you!We just signed up with Vivint and had a security system installed at the house.  The tech that installed our system, Frank, was on time (even early!), friendly and very considerate - offering to clean up everything and making sure that every was set correctly prior to leaving.  We requested some placements for our sensors that were, I guess, kind of out of the ordinary - but he was more than happy to help us out saying "it's your system, we want you to be happy with it". Great customer service attitude.One of the coolest things about the system is that we can control our system remotely - either over the web or via smartphone app.  If you feel like you forgot to arm the system when leaving - you can check the system's status from anywhere!  (And turn it on remotely if you DID forget). Super duper!The salesman that we placed the order with on the phone was good - but neglected to tell us that the contract period was 42 months(!) until the end of the call.  Looks like we're going to be secure for a long, long time.Stumbled upon this restaurant today as I had discovered the close-by hotel room I booked was not going to meet our needs and I had to desperately find a new one. It was late for lunch....2:30ish...and there were only 2 diners outside and no one inside at all. Normally this would worry me, but when I looked at the menu I knew it was likely because Arizonians are afraid of anything organic or natural (yes...total California snobbery...I admit it). Anyway, i asked if there was wifi because I was desperate to use my computer...and they kindly allowed me to tap into their private wifi. That went above and beyond, as far as I was concerned. On top of that, the waitress was absolutely lovely....sweet and as helpful as can be.I ordered the salmon salad which came very differently than what I expected - more like an open-face tunafish spread - but still very, very delicious. We had also ordered a hummus for the table and it was a HUGE amount and very good. Husband and daughter had garden burger sandwiches, and vegetarian son had scrambled organic free-range eggs and whole grain muffins (yes, you can get breakfast this time of day).I hope that people discover this place because the food is good....and the service is wonderful. And I really appreciate them helping me out of my wifi bind as I sat like a nerd or geek or rude person eating and computing - but otherwise we wouldn't have anywhere to stay!For all of you weight-loss oriented new year's resolution folks who can't bear to stop eating out and about, here's the solution.This place is GENUINELY healthy (I'm still glaring at you, True Food), damn good, and totally affordable (Thanks, LocalDines!).Some breakfast standouts include the gluten-free Belgian waffles. They're smothered in almond butter, coconut cream, and bananas. Give me that over whipped cream and chocolate chips any day, fatties. That was rude. I take that last part back. Moving on... The frittata was also delicious. Eggs, vegetables, cheese (or rice cheese), and a whole-grain english muffin with jam. Perfect morning fuel, and one of the only guiltless breakfasts I've enjoyed out on the town (eff you, Matt's Big Breakfast, with your glutinous temptations oozing with fat. Okay, I still love you.)For lunch, the gluten-free pasta, veggie burger, and burrito have all been awesome. Yes, gluten and dairy-free individuals can still enjoy a fat, cheesy burrito. Deprivation is for wusses.. you can look good and enjoy food here. If you don't like soft veggie burgers, don't order this one. I loved it, though. Veganaise is my friend.The Parfait is probably the healthiest, most decadent I've ever had at a restaurant. Layers of bananas, chocolate pudding, almond butter and strawberries. Majorly satisfying (mildly orgasmic). I'd eat it for dinner and be full until the next day. In fact, I may go do that right now.We came in later on a Wednesday night, the server was very nice and knowledgeable of the menu (my dad is a vegan)... Decorations were nice as was the presentation of the food. The veggie burger was out of this world. Eat here and ask for  Kelsey as your server, she's very nice!So my wife and I were with our daughter and we were starving, looking for a healthy place to eat, and remembered about True Food.  We took the drive to the borgata and found out that True Food had been closed and replaced with Fontana Di Amore.What did we expect from the place...actually nothing.  We were just excited that they cooked with maiIf you're a foodie you'll love this place!I've been shopping gyms lately and stopped in to Anytime Fitness to check it out. I was greeted by a very friendly staff who were very concerned with my needs. The gym has a relaxed vibe, as opposed to Lifetime Fitness which can seem like a bee hive. The pricing seems fair, machine and free-weight selection is great, and the place is not too crowded. The only reason the gym gets four instead of five stars would be that the locker rooms were very simple, when compared to every other gym out there. I would have preferred a bit more space, as I'm sure it can get very crowded (in the locker/bathroom).Joined this gym a couple weeks ago. Been a few times since joining. The reason for 4 stars is I haven't used everything in the facility.  So far I've been able to use any cardio or weight machines, even during "busy"...which means about 10 people in the facility. The place is very clean. Plenty of equipment to get a good work out in.I'll update my review once I've gone a few more times and used the video room and restroom. Only wish there was a sauna to be used, but not a deal breaker. Also, after 30 days, looking forward to being able to use the facility by my office in Scottsdale.I had the opportunity to work out at this location yesterday. I met the owner who was very nice and welcoming as well as one of the trainers. The gym is very well managed- top of the line equipment, a good layout, and very clean. I love the stairmaster they have- it's a very new model which you don't see in a lot of gyms. There were 3 trainers working with clients, and lots of women in the free weight area which are things I like to see when I go to a gym. I wish I could give this gym 5 stars, but I can't due to how small the building is. The space is well used, but for a person who does lots of "heavy" weight training, the amenities are just not available for the workouts I do. I will return to this gym for its lovely stairmaster, but for days I lift I sadly will have to workout elsewhere.The people complaining about the wait it's because a lot of people stop there and use the drive thru. I parked and went in, and got my drink in under 5 minutes even though the drive thru line went around the building and out the parking lot. If you had to wait when no one else was there, then there is a problem. But otherwise, just like every other Starbucks, fast and friendly with lots of seating inside and out!You probably have to know what to get but there's a few things on the menu that are pretty good and the prices are pretty low. I'm a fan of the lamb kofta tagine.They also do these shakes with spices and other sort of unusual ingredients for a shake/smoothie like pistachios and dates. They're really tasty if a little on the expensive side.Great place for Moroccan mint tea too.Found this place in the same mall as the Lee Lee Asian Supermarket on Dobson St in Chandler, AZ.  They have a wonderful Chinese Reflexology foot massage just like the ones in China. A nice man named David did a huge work over on my feet and I felt great afterwards! First he soaks your feet in a tub of hot water while he massages your head, neck and shoulders, and then he does a great massage on your feet hitting all of your pressure points. If your feet do not feel some pain, then he is not doing his job, but it is a good pain! I only had time to do 30 minutes on my first visit.  Came back for my second visit and David was busy, so I had Linda. This time I booked an hour. She was good, but did not have the skill that David had. She did not use as much pressure on my feet, nor did I feel she really hit all of my pressure points.  Since I did not speak the language, it was hard to communicate this to her. I have reduced my rating from 5 to 4 stars after trying 1st Class Reflexology, which I feel is much better.From the previous review I thought I was just getting a foot massage with a head, neck, and shoulder massage. Instead I got a complete massage from head to toe. Though it was one of the best massages I've ever had, she only spent about  5-10 out of 60 minutes on my feet. I had just had a regular massage the day before and had aching feet from going out dancing the night before, so I was primarily there to get my feet worked on. If she had even spent another 5 minutes on my feet it would have been a 5 star review. Still it was an amazing massage and I left feeling totally relaxed and fairly blissful. The recliner chairs are extremely comfortable. She changed the back on the chair and had me flip over, the new back had a face hole in it like a regular massage table, but it was infinitely more comfortable than a standard massage table. The dim lightly, pleasant decor, and soft music all added to putting me into a relaxed state. Next time I'm going for the 90 minute massage so there's plenty of time for the feet and everything else.My aunt and uncle have a Sunday routine... They drive all the way from Desert Ridge to Chandler on a weekly basis to go to get foot massages at IFS.  I've been hearing about it for years.  They usually go mid-morning and then get a bite to eat afterwords at one of a few restaurants nearby.  I've been extended an invitation to join them more times than I can count, but Sundays are tough for me.  I usually go to a yoga class on Sunday mornings and spend the rest of the day with my kids... but this Sunday was different.  I decided to spend some quality time with my aunt and uncle and see first hand what makes IFS so special (or worth driving literally across the Valley for!)Aunt Sue and Uncle Frank picked me up and drove the remaining 20 minutes from my house to IFS... we had 11am appointments and walked in a few minutes early.  We were taken back right away.  I had Paul.  Aunt Sue had Monica.  I'm not sure who Uncle Frank had, but we all left happy...Paul has really strong hands and was able to find areas of tension in my face, in my feet, and all around my body.  He speaks English as well.  When he asked me to flip over onto my belly, I put my head down into a cute little cut-out cloth that was heart shaped.  Likely just for Valentines Day weekend, but I'd never seen that before... super cute!For those unfamiliar with these "foot massage" types of places, they typically start out with a warm water soak of your feet and then a full body massage with your clothes on.  IFS was exactly like what I've had before and I enjoyed almost every moment.  (A few moments were more painful, but I think that my body needed it!)My aunt and uncle took care of paying for mine, but from the IFS website, it appears that a 1 hour massage is $30.  That is a pretty amazing deal.  The price and quality alone is likely why this is the weekly Sunday Funday plan for my aunt and uncle... I may just have to join them again soon!Very impressed. I was taken back by the layout (multiple people in one room getting massaged)but they accaccommodate so my mom and I could be together. They did a great job,very relaxing and the price was Definetly very affordable (55 for both of us for an hr) would certainly recommend trying this placeLocated inside the latest incarnation of the hotel at 4000 N. Drinkwater, this pub has set itself up for high expectations.  Considering the history of this hotel and the preceding restaurants, that should be expected.  They hedged their bets by bringing in Iron Chef Jose Garces and a list of available whiskies/whiskeys that is exceptional.  It's fairly pricey. I'm posting the menu in the photos.  Food is exceptional.  I'm going to save my more in depth review for a while because the first couple weeks of any business may not be the best indicator of what it will deserve once it develops a regular clientele.Tons of potential, a few kinks to work out.  Beautiful space in the Saguaro, which I believe was the Mondrian, the James, and god-knows-what-else in the past several years.  Basically a small bar with a cozy feel and a menu from Iron Chef Jose Garces.  Gorgeous outdoor fireplace area.  We're not whiskey drinkers, but they had several outstanding craft brews available, and I had two of 'em.  The kids loved their S'mores shake.  Menu looked great on paper, but execution was inconsistent.  My buttermilk fried chicken and my daughter's Pork Sammys were AMAZING.  My spouse's burger was waaaay underdone, too soggy, and nothing special.  My older daughter's house salad with chicken was just average.  Service was prompt, attentive and super-friendly.  Having been to a number of Jose Garces' places in Philly, I'm going to assume they'll get it all tightened up soon.  Can't wait for Distrito to open there -- the one in Philadelphia is tremendous.We had a free afternoon and decided to spend it searching out new haunts in old town Scottsdale that we'd never been to before.  After reading a recent blog from Susie Timm and how impressed she was with Old Town Whiskey, we decided to give it a try.We arrived around noon and had the place to ourselves, which in turn gave us the opportunity to soak in the new decor and renovation that was recently done with the renaming of this boutique hotel now known as 'The Saguaro'.  (It's only been open for 5 weeks).Being the only customers in the place it also gave us ample time to become familiar with the bar and wait staff - including bar manager Eric who was exceptional!  What a nice guy and a fun person to get to know.  Once again confirms my belief - you can spend millions on brick and morter, but it is people that really make your business and create memories, and that is exactly what he and the rest of the staff did that day!We tried some great new wines we'd not had before and he suggested the Pickled Red & Yellow Beets served with black olive tapenade, whipped ricotta and toasted sour dough baguettes as an appetizer.  It was delicious!We will go back again for lunch and hope to also try their other new restaurant, Distrito ... In the meantime, we wish them all the very best with their new venture!Decided to grab some late lunch/early dinner there on a Tuesday afternoon. I had read about their King Whiskey burger in the Phoenix New Times and was wanting to check it out. I walked in and took a seat at the bar and ordered the burger medium and as is. I was the only person in there and eventually about a total of 8 people trickled in throughout my meal. The two bartenders, Eric and Grant, were both knowledgeable and friendly. They kept me entertained and informed. I ordered an Old Fashioned which was one of their happy hour drinks. By far the best Old Fashioned I've had in a while, and it was only $4! My burger was also extremely delicious and juicy. So much that I ate it with a fork. The only downfall was the foie gras was a little small. I would have liked a little bit more. Overall it was excellent and I plan on going back, especially if it involves happy hour cause the food looked good and the Old Fashioned was fabulous!I was at OTW last night for their Speakeasy Sunday event.  The live music was incredibly good.  I hope they keep this going over the course of the year.OTW has a hip but comfortable western design theme.  We sat at one of the high top tables for dinner.  We ordered the Whiskey burger and the duck fat fries.  Both were good but I'd love to see more foie gras on the burger.I ordered a couple of Old Fashioneds and my date had the sparkling rose.  The Old Fashioned was well made and tasted great.I'm going to try to come back during the week since their happy hour menu looks interesting as well.My friend recently took me here one Sunday afternoon. I had not been to this hotel since it became the Saguaro and was unaware of the new restaurants. I am a big fan of burgers but was in the mood for something light and ordered the Cobb salad. It was amazing!...And I am not big on veggies. The vegetables were fresh and crisp and they mixed in just the right amount of vinaigrette dressing to keep the dish light. The grilled chicken was cooked perfectly and the bacon bits crumbled on top of the salad rounded off the flavors making every bite delicious. I was not a big fan of the deviled egg on the side - but I hate mayo so I may be biased. My friend ordered the Whiskey burger and let me have a bite and it melted in my mouth. The burger patty was to die for and I was immediately jealous I had not ordered a burger.On top of the amazing food, the cocktails were potent and the ambience was relaxing. Eating outside right next to the fireplace made me feel like I was just at home hanging out with my friend. Our server was a sweetheart and was knowledgeable when it came to all the foods and cocktails on the menu. Needless to say the customer service was excellent!So in conclusion - try this place out! The food is overall moderately priced and comparable to an Outback or Friday's but with much better service, better decor and food of higher quality and taste.If you love pickles you'll love Old Town whiskey. We've been here twice so far, and both times, we've been very pleased.  So far, I've only tried their pickled beets and pickled cherry tomatoes, but both were absolutely fantastic.  The Cherry Tomatoes were so sweet and sour, they paired perfectly with the ricotta, olive tapenade and Crustini they were served with.  This place is a gold mine if you're a whiskey drinker, my hottie loves some good whiskey and was really impressed with their selection... not to mention he said the burger was probably the best he'd had.  I can't wait to get a taste of their Veggie burger, but I haven't gone hungry enough yet... Next time for sure!  We went for Happy Hour this past Friday, and they had a lovely Agave Fizz cocktail on special, very refreshing.  Their Happy hour is progressive, meaning that everything is $5 from 5-6, $6 from 6-7, and it runs every day.Good selection of whiskeys, their happy hour with sliding prices depending on time of day($4.00 drinks and appetizers 4 to 5, etc)is very nice and the service was great. I like the pickled snacks list. Very cozy and masculine all-leather interior.I'll go back when it's happy hour and/or I have some money to try unknown to me whiskeys and scotch whiskeys.Last week my friend came here before we had dinner at Distrito.  I really cannot give an accurate assessment of this place based on the fact that we only had two appetizers.  We ordered the deviled eggs, and the tater tots.  The eggs, although very good, I have had better.  The tots on the other hand were hands down the best tater tots that I have ever tasted in my life!  I have no clue what they did to these things but they are addictive!  Hopefully soon I will be able to go back and have an entree and be able to provide more information for all of you!Cool bar inside of the Saguaro Hotel!  Great atmosphere, super friendly bartenders and amazing drinks.  The agave vodka drink is so yummy...tart and a little bit sweet at the same time.Went to Old Town Whiskey for a Scotch tasting a few weekends ago.  OMG - John Christie the head bartender - ROCKSTAR!!  He is SO nice and knowledgeable and doesn't intimidate you.  He is genuine when he asks what you'd like to drink - cause he wants to know why you like it and wants to understand what your likes are so he can recommend something new to try.They have a GREAT selection of high end whiskey and the toned down lighting and parlor-esque feel are conducive to selecting a good one and sipping it on the rocks. The bartenders are very knowledgeable about whiskey, so for someone like me whose only experience with whiskey involves shooting the cheap kind, they were very helpful in selecting one that I would enjoy, This is one of the first times I've gone to a bar and not felt like my goal was to get smashed (granted we'd been drinking champagne and beer for a few hours before coming here, so I was technically already smashed). But here we settled into the comfy leather sofas (the awesome outdoor patio was full) and sipped our whiskeys with as much sophistication as we could muster, as opposed to guzzling and slamming our drinks which is usually my modus operandi. Definitely not my norm for drinking but an enjoyable venue and experience that I would do again.The plan was actually to hit up Distrito, but they were not open yet for dinner. So we opted to go to Old Town Whiskey, which is conveniently located right next door. The place is very warm and inviting. It's a big contrast to The Saguaro Hotel it's located in and Distrito's bright and vibrant décor. Old Town Whiskey is much more mellow. Our waiter was just amazingly charming and added to the warm feel of the place. The menu is limited, but the food tastes remarkable. We started out with the pickled herb cherry tomatoes, which are served in their own individual glass pickling jars (very cute detail). The black olive tapenade, toasted sourdough and pickle tomatoes were so good together. We then moved on to the Whiskey King Burger, which is pricey at $26. Easily explained as it's topped with foie gras and we actually split the burger (it is quite large), so the price was not too bad. The Whiskey King is so juicy and flavorable...would definitely pay the price for this again! Enjoyed the burger with Duck Fat Fries...couldn't pass those up...they were excellent. I was too full for dessert, which worked out as their dessert menu is limited. The owner of Old Town Whiskey also owns Distrito next door, so our waiter did offer up the Distrito dessert menu if we were interested. A chance to try two restaurants in one sitting was passed up, but the meal was thoroughly enjoyed nonetheless. Old Town Whiskey will never seem as a second choice option to me again...it was excellent!  I took home some leftover pickle tomatoes...didn't want to throw those away. They were just amazing on the grilled cheese sandwich I made at home the next day. Yum!Old Town Whiskey has a pretty sweet happy hour. $5 Manhattans? Yespleaseandthankyouverymuch! $3 tater tots? Sign me up!This bar (inside the Saguro) offers lots and lots of whiskeys, really delicious craft cocktails, and small bites that are pleasing to the taste, buds. They also offered a free order of tater tots when I checked in on the Yelp app, which pretty much made a fan out of me right away.The feel of the bar is like something I think a really cool grandpa would have in his home (or maybe the most interesting man in the world?) - leather seats, warm, soft lighting, vintage accents here and there. And while our service was generally set to "vacation speed" we were well taken care of and everyone here was quite pleasant. Now if only it stayed open a little later on the weekdays...Came in tonight with my mom.

If you are expecting this to be a hotel, you may be disappointed. The main business is the time shares. There is a tropical theme but you won't find tropical music in the lobby or the smell of tropical flowers. There is a laid back atmosphere. The employees are not dressed very tropical either. One employee was listening to her own music vs the lobby music. Personal items like a bag of chips or a motorcycle helmet are sitting right behind the counter where the employee keyboard is.So why would I suggest this resort? The relaxed check-in employees did a great job and were very pleasant. They have a conveniently located loading/unloading zone on the side of the building close to the rooms. The parking structure is large and we'll located. I reserved a room with a kitchenette. It is nice to have a refrigerator which most Vegas hotels don't have. The toaster, blender, microwave silverware etc give a lot of options for eating. The room is large. Actually it is two rooms with two televisions. The couch is a sofa sleeper. The shower tub did slowly fill. I don't think it was due to the drain. The shower head is not low flow. There is so much water flowering out it easily overwhelms the drain. I mean there was tons of water coming down.

Pescatore if your feeling italian

If you're looking for something fancy, look elsewhere - they aren't trying to reinvent the wheel but you'll get good sushi that's affordable.Decent size liquor store. They have a great selection of wine and most of the other liquor staples. If you need something specific, (in liquor, not wine), that is not common you may have trouble finding it.

Besides food, there was a photo booth and face painting so I did both of them because I am a kid at heart (no pun intended). My fiancé and I decided to pick out masks for our pictures so I chose a Dia de Los Muertos skull mask and he chose Barak Obama. Yes... there was an Obama mask. Then I went to go stand in line to get my face painted. The gala was a masked theme so the face painter was painting masks on people. I had her paint a replica of the mask I picked up at the door. She was pretty spot on with what it looked like. It was a little crooked but hey, I don't paint so who cares? By the end of the party, we were getting tired so we headed out but I will never forget the wonderful time I had and the wonderful Yelp hosted after party.We came here because my wife needed a treatment for her asthma.  Must of been all this smoke filled casinos...After the PITA paper work was filled out the nurse and doctor saw us immediately and even called us a taxi.I've been here twice now and each time I had a really good experience. The first time I waited maybe 10-15 minutes but it wasn't long at all. I went there yesterday around 2am and the waiting room was full but they got me in a room within 5 minutes. The staff are all really friendly. The doctor is super chill and it didn't take long for him to see me.The wait was a little long but the care  of my cut finger was great. 3 stitches tetanus shot. Have not seen the bill yet but I was happy.Delicious, unique, friendly. A keeper, will definitely go back.Fast, efficient service. We stopped by here after a few drinks and they were great. We ordered our food and when our dishes came our and asked ourselves 'what's this!?' Our waitress was right next to us to remind us of our choice in entree. Quality of food was superb. I would recommend this place and definitely come back again!!Had a very delicious meal opening week at Yusho. Almost every single food item I tried was delicious. My favorites were: the octopus, the tofu, the fried oyster steam bun and finally, the BEST tempura I've ever had! The decor is great, feels very Chicago. Has an amazing view of the Strip, perfect to people watch. I give it four stars because I wasn't that crazy about the draft cocktails or the doughnuts.We dined here last night and I definitely stepped out of my comfort zone trying all of the different foods but it was completely worth it.  I started off with the Grasshopper cocktail, which is more of a dessert cocktail but it was delicious.  We then had the shrimp appetizer which had great flavor.  They then brought us chicken skewers and duck breast.  It was my first time trying duck and it was pretty good.  We then had the vegetable tempura which was to die for and the 2x fried chicken which was a little dry but the sauce was so unique we kept eating it!  We then had the New York steak which had great flavor.  We also had ramen that was in bacon broth and an egg and shredded pork (not my favorite but my friend who is more adventurous loved it).  Then we had a fish entree which was so fresh and flavorful.The highlight of our meal was the Old Fashioned cocktail.  It's different from most old fashion's and was the best drink I have ever had.  I highly recommend having it there.The service was top notch and our server was so informative and educated on the menu.I would definitely recommend this for an adventurous dinner with great service and drinks!Chicago Chef Merges has expanded to Las Vegas with his interpretation of Japanese street food. Yusho is located at the front of the Monte Carlo Resort and is quite an architectural departure from Monte Carlo's neoclassical style. Yusho's interior is contemporary, colorful yet there is a bit of austerity from its clean lines. Service is excellent, friendly, attentive and descriptive. Rob, our waiter is a Hawaii-born transplant who energetically articulated the specials, menu descriptions and portion sizes. We were impressed with Josh Wolf, Sake Sommelier, who also came by to "talk story" with us. I noted this restaurant after reading about it in an issue of Eater National. My curiosity was piqued because it's billed as a Japanese Grill and Noodle House. Yusho's chef had been the executive chef under acclaimed Chef Charlie Trotter and also mentor to some other talented and respected culinary professionals. I was curious how Chef Merges would put his spin on the familiar Japanese street foods such as ramen, tempura, yakiniku (Japanese barbecue or grill) and grilled skewered assorted meats.We truly enjoyed Yusho's Japanese inspired cuisine from simple, sublime to intensely flavored dishes. Each dish was presented beautifully in a comfortable, somewhat homey feel. The flavors were executed well and blended Japanese and Western cooking techniques. Don't expect a traditional Japanese restaurant or ramen shop or sushi bar here! Our menu selections for this evening included the following.

"...a half a pound of this..." I said unsteadily. He looked at me almost impressed, and half cautiously. As he deflty grasped a pair of tongs and started sloshing the meat back and forth in it's brackish juices, attempting a better grip, it looked more alien to me than ever. I was beginning to come to my senses out of a stupor, and it was slowly dawning on me what this was.

Grilled Rice Ball in Broth with Salmon: Great pick. Light broth that tasted more like a tea due to the steeped seaweed in the dish. Rice retains the grilled texture despite being soaked in broth. Salmon surcharge was $3 but piece of fish was the size of a thumb nail, didn't contribute anything to the flavor.Robata

They have good service.Went to Viva Zapata's a couple weeks ago on the recommendation of a friend.Every thing was tasty , we'll prepared , plentiful portions and our party of four all took some leftovers home in a doggy bag.I tried the coca cola steak and really enjoyed it. I Also added a tostada it also was plentiful and the Pico de Gallo was the bomb.The only reason that I'm not giving 5 stars is the service was a little bit slow even though we were doing dinner a little early and well outside their busy time. I would recommend and return.The food was delicious , they took kind of long to bring us our food but other than that

of these I would order again in a minute. Overall I would say they do lamb well. I did not see any pork dishes, not sure what is going on there with that. Try this place you will like it. It was almost empty when I came here.Hungry but feeling very indecisive, so got on the good ole trusted Yelp app. Really wanted din tai fong juicy dumplings in California. That's not happening. Yelped "juicy dumplings", got a few options. First stop was fat dumpling on spring mtn. Walked in and it smelled strange. Daughter was a lil grossed out so we left. Back to yelp. Found Dumpling King. Walked it to this very "loud" decorated place, only two other diners. Hmmmm.... Let's order small, try it out and if the first couple items are good we will order more. If not- we leave and yelp again. Needless to say we stayed and thanked the yelp gods for bestowing this delicious gem upon us! Holy smokes. The food was amazing. Different than most Chinese restaurants. We could not order everything that peeked out interest but I will tell you that everything we did order was on point. Just wonderful. The only item we did not get a photo of were the juicy beef dumplings (the reason we went here!) because we devoured them the minute they hit the table. Must try: juicy beef dumplings, leek pancakes, beef shumai, toffee taro, Crystal panfried dumplings, Teppan tofu. There were five of us dining and we are  kings, the bill got to the table 85 bucks! Wooooo hoooo‼‼I am a fan for their hand-pulled noodles!  Hubby wanted some soup dumplings so we decided yesterday that we will try out DK for lunch today.  We arrived and notice that Christmas décor was up.  Wondered if DK celebrated Christmas all year round or they are just super excited for Christmas and already put up the decorations.  The restaurant's chairs were all covered with red flowered fabric.  Lots of red everywhere.  Hurts the eyes a bit.  Chairs were uncomfortable.Onto the food:

- Our 4 hour tour only ended up being 3 hours total including pick up and drop off; I think this was because our group was riding pretty fast and our guide adapted to us so our tour went by very quickly

A token charge perhaps but still to see it appear on the bill is annoying as my little local place doesn't charge for it and it is an independent cafe too.)Hula is kind of like ... a hug. I know lots of people love it, but I really didn't expect a  juice bar to make me feel so cosy and friendly and happy! I had a Pink Lady which is apple, lemon, ginger and ... something. Can't remember, but it was delicious. And orange. Okay, pinky-orange. There's lots more seating inside than I imagined, free wifi, the friendliest staff, and I got a 10 percent Yelp discount! The only downside, and it's maybe a silly one, is that I'd like my drink in a glass when sitting in, rather than a takeaway tumbler. That just would feel nicer, I think. But it's only a little thing, and I'll definitely be back for another juice hug.Second time in - first since the redesign- and didn't disappoint food-wise.  Smoked salmon bagel and the granola, yogurt and banana really good.  The fresh juice was nice - I went for a carrot, orange and ginger combo- though I'm not a fan of lots of sediment in my juices so took a bit of dental sieving to finish it off.  I really need to toughen up!!     Obviously Hula is as popular as ever, mobbed today (bank holiday Monday) and perhaps the only real downside was I felt the staff were running to stand still.  My juice arrived after I'd finished my bagel and my partner's coffee midway through her breakfast.  Staff were very apologetic about the wait and you could tell this wasn't the norm.  Looking forward to my next visit - this really is an oasis in an otherwise fairly arid Cafe landscape.Hoorah! Ok, yes, lame wordpun, I'm Dutch, go with it.So, after a long absence I went by Hula again for a proper juice and lo-and-behold: they have changed the chairs and benches to fit people of my legginess! Ooooh. I am a very, very happy camper indeed.I had the soup and my girl-date had the bagel with added bacon, nom, and the Pink Lady Juice. It was absolutely hilarious to see her geek out over such delicious flavours, as she had never been to Hula before. I think the terms "Seventh Heaven" and "Organic Squee" were mentioned. I'm pretty sure that Hula has a new regular customer!My soup was lovely, and my Dutch sensibilities were sufficiently freaked out by eating soup out of a bowl on a slope (this is scary to me, my country is flat) to not notice the somewhat less comfy seating outside on the terrace.I love this place, and what they stand for. The healthiness of it, the organic nature. I love it. What's not to love? I'll clearly be back again.If I'd have to suggest something, it'd be that the waiting staff, though lovely, needs some organisation. There was no menu for us to order at the counter, and the waiting staff seemed incredibly frazzled running all over the place, but it was a Saturday, and that might have been why. Either way, they're friendly, if a little frazzled, and that's all I care about. Go here? STAY here, that's my advice.After a week of greasy fry-ups during our week in Edinburgh, we checked this place out, hoping for a delicious healthy breakfast. And I'm glad we did! The food was excellent...I had a most delicious fruit salad, which was topped with granola, yogurt, honey, and a berry sauce. There were several types of fruit, all of it ripe, delicious, and beautifully presented. My husband had a pesto & chicken bagel with brie, which he loved. I'll admit, I was eyeing up everyone's food at our neighboring tables, and everything looked scrumptious...especially the thick slices of whole grain toast with peanut butter. Yum. Unfortunately, I have to knock off a star for the rather slow service...our empty plates sat in front of us for ages while our server absentmindedly peeled fruit behind the counter. We finally had to go over and flag her down to get our check.  But overall a good experience, and  I will definitely come back here the next time we are in Edinburgh!Really nice atmosphere, comfortable with good wifi. Great to meet friends or general sit, be and people watch. Quiet enough that you can peacefully sit and work. I strongly recommend their chicken and pesto bagel with or without brie! Smoothies are great but are rather expensive, thankfully they also do pretty good coffee. While their cakes look good they are exposed to air and very near the door and till which stopped me from trying any. This is surprising as the rest of the place is spotless even while busy at 3pm. Overall a great place that i am sure i will come back to many times.I walked by it one day and was like this place looks awesome and actually later that day I was with a walking tour and we stopped there.  Really great customer service, and the Espresso Macchiato was really good too, I bet this place makes you smile when you walk in on a cold, wet day.  I could see myself being a regular if I lived nearby.In a central zone, on one of the prettiest streets in the city, one wouldn't expect to find some of the best coffee in town. Artisan roast is on offer here, and a cappuccino will only set you back by £2.20. Besides the location, the exterior and interior design is also very colourful and quirky. On offer are many cakes, including a couple of gluten free options. Soups and paninis are the main things on the food menu, which can be made with gluten free bread. They also stock lazy days millionaire's shortbread, which are both gluten free and vegan! I didn't try any of the cakes, though I intend to. I came in with a few friends I hadn't seen for ages for a refreshing drink on a relatively warm sunny day in February. My boyfriend had some sort of red berry smoothie with frozen yogurt, which was tasty, though considering the price the frozen yoghurt was hardly noticeable, and my friend's sunshine in a cup was apparently good. I had a ginger jack juice, which although refreshing, was no way as good as the ones I make at home with my juicer. I put in 4 carrots, an apple and a bit of fresh ginger, and out comes the most delicious concoction ever...  Unfortunately the hula juice was pale in comparison, it was too frothy and not tangy enough, I guess to save fruit?Juice aside (ironically considering this is a juice bar), the smoothies are really good, as is the coffee, and the choice for people with specific diets or intolerances/allergies is great. The location is convenient and it's a nice place to sit. Maybe the sound of the juicer can be a bit annoying if you want to read, but for a quick energy boost it's a fantastic place.Please just be more generous with the ingredients next time! I will definitely be returning to try the food and have some coffee.a winter in edinburgh generally means grey days, cold and wet weather, and a total lack of colour and sunshine.  and then there is winter inside Hula Juice Bar...color, sunshine, smoothies full of fruity goodness!! oh yes, i felt like i'd stepped into summer time a few months early when i came here on tuesday night :)the shop very kindly stayed open for an extra hour so the cake committee could come and meet about setting up a bake off for charity!  all very exciting, but made much more so with the dominant yellow colour that was on the walls, chairs, and counters of hula.  and then there are the juices, my betty ford was a pretty pink, the popeye was a lovely forrest green, and even Susan M's tea came in a beautiful blue teapot.   all delivered by friendly smiling staff :)so yes the colourful environment was very pleasing, but so were the lovely juice blends they had!  i found myself debating between a few of them but went for the betty ford that was lovely and full of strawberries and peach with just a hint of banana.  it was just the pick up i needed after scoffing a birthday cupcake during the afternoon at work.  i left feeling revived and healthy and sunny even though it was dark and cold outside.i'm definitely a fan of hula and hope to get back there soon to try some of their tasty food offerings in addition to more juice!  i only wish this place was closer to leith...or that they had a second shop in leith!!This is a great little juice bar with some good food too. It's a great place to grab a quick breakfast before exploring grassmarket. Try the Betty Ford smoothie!Cute little place in the Grassmarket. I really love getting their " hot apple pie" drink on cold mornings. YUMMY

Mum&Dad didn't care much for the lunch buffet, but fills they tummy with it's worth anyway as they come with the Vacations Hawaii Package.Speakin of which, my mum threw down the meal coupons as it was our last day, of them we only used 2-3.  Our server Rose, tells us we could use them at the snack bar for purchase or trade at any of the DT participating hotels.  To my surprise, after 15+ years my parents didn't know of this until now!  My poor dad was snackin on some them Trader Joe's omiyage the other Nite cuz he was hungry when he could've jus used them coupons for sushi or real food!

-garlic fries were just ok,  not as flavorful as what the other reviews had made it seem like.  It may have been just a dash of garlic oilBrussel sprouts

I believe it was Seinfeld on the other television during my visit.  I did miss happy hour which started at 4pm which I was told provides a discount on beer purchases.  Not quite sure if I would hang out here for happy hour since it does not have a bar layout.  I did enjoy the Basil Mascarpone burger.  It is on my radar as far as burgers go.  I however am still undecided if it is my burger of the year such as New Times states.  I guess I will have to re-sample it at a future date with any side as long as its not the french fries.Very tasty, great variety of sandwiches and make-your-own combos.  The eggplant parm sandwich was a little skimpy on the filling, but great flavor.  Something a little more unique and special than your typical chain sandwich shop.Great little location for a quick bite to eat.  Very casual and you order at the counter.  I got the Basil Mascarpone Burger that everyone has been talking about and it is fantastic.  I will definitely go back for more.My husband had been bugging me for a while to try New York Flavor.  I finally gave in and let him take me there for lunch.  It's a small place in a strip mall in Surprise.  You order your food at the counter then seat yourself.  Your food will be brought out to you when it is ready.  I ordered the Basil Mascarpone burger.  It was a good burger, but I think that the patty lacked a little seasoning.  I had my burger with a side of pasta salad. I would be interested in going again and trying something different.Great casual breakfast or lunch place. Build your own pasta is great, the ingredients are fresh, the marinara is simple but delicious. Seinfeld is playing all the time and it has a relaxed atmosphere. The owner is always around and is very nice and friendly. Can't go wrong with the breakfast here either. Good sized portions, but not so much that if goes to waste.  Nice non-chain option, which is rare in Surprise.Delightful place. Rice pudding is creamy not too sweet and  delicious!  I'll be back to try more.I ordered the basil burger and it was very juicy and well-cooked. The onions and mushrooms were not too soft. I actually enjoyed the little pasta salad that came with the meal. Expect to spend $10-15 for lunch. Also, they have a rewards program that is worth joining. You get a $15 credit for every $100 spent. Not bad!Love everything about this place except that it's not in Goodyear.This is  a great little deli with a large menu.  Breakfast is available, fried eggs, potatoes etc. that is unusual for a place like this.  Not sure it is all that authentic but they have hot pastrami and corned beef.  Product seems to be above average but what really made me decide to make a return trip was the service.  Very friendly and helpful.   Seems to be a popular place.This little deli is in a nice strip mall alongside bell alongside a take out pizza place. There is a large flat screen television the minute you walk in that shows actual live footage of Times Square in New York.  The other television features old episodes of Seinfeld, and the third one shows sports. Yes, they have all bases covered for ambiance!They have a large variety of deli sandwiches. Their Reubens are one of the tastiest around in my opinion. They also have lunch specials too where you can get a half sandwich and soup or salad like most lunch places. The chicken parm sandwhich is also very good to try! I Even though I'm not sure if it's on the menu, I always order a tuna melt and they're always very friendly and accommodating about it. What people don't know is that they serve breakfast here too! In fact, they serve breakfast all day long! My coworker and friend love it so much, that they always order the pancakes. Fair warning though - if you order the pancakes, there's so much of them that you'd better come hungry!Gosh Damn, the food here has so much personality. They range from subtle and savory to bold and tasty with every bite. The best part is that they're in the west valley, this is the real deal folks. If you're near, this is a must stop even if for just a quick snack. Minus one star cause I can't afford to eat here as often as I would like.We decided to try this place out today for something new. I had the Challah French Toast, it had good flavor but was very mushy in the center. My husband had the Spanish Harlem, and he loved it. The pricing wasn't to bad so I am sure we will be going back to try some other stuff.Found this on good Ol' Yelp while passing thru town. They have lots to offer as we had a hard time deciding. We both got sandwiches, a Italian and Pastrami. Both were big and very tasty. The soft fresh bread really makes a sandwich ! Very clean and super friendly service made it all the better. I would stop here again if passing thru !Try the egg salad sandwich! You won't be disappointed!I had the Basil Marscapone Burger.. Yummy!!!  It was very tasty and had the perfect amount of gooey goodness.  I'd go back.Solid 4 stars for sure. Yelpers led the way in my decision to come here. We were working in surprise and looking for someplace to go when this place was found. Clean business, friendly staff, and since we were after the lunch rush plenty of seating. I ordered the bbq burger with a side of fries. I have zero complaints!!  Burger was cooked as requested and had great flavor. The star of the show was the fries as far as I am concerned. I could have eaten twice as many as I got, and I got plenty. They were great. If I am ever in the area and need some food I am for sure coming back. Beats Buffalo Wild Wings or some other chain that is flooding our neighborhoods.After being to almost every decent restaurant in Surprise, the beau and I wanted to try something different. So it was a nice SURPRISE (haha get it?!) that Yelp led me to this neighborhood gem.Being a native New Yorker, it was nice walking into this deli and seeing Times Square on the wall and photos of the Flatiron building. It reminded me of home. We ordered the BBQ burger and a Philly Cheesesteak. The BBQ sauce on the burger was amazing and the fries were crisp. The potato salad was OK and the Philly cheesesteak was a bit salty.Other than that, New York Flavor has become one of my favorite restaurants in Surprise. I plan on coming back and trying the Basil Mascarpone burger next!Mickeys cheesy eggs are the best!  Just been here for breakfast three or four time.  Food always good, timely, and the people are great!I need to come back for lunch/dinner.   This is a good place.I had passed by this place numerous times over the past few days.  I had also read that they had a burger that had won "Best Burger in the Valley 2012".  I looked up their website and saw that it was the Basil Mascarpone Burger.  It sounded very interesting so I decided to come down and try it out.I walked into the joint and there was only one other customer in there who was talking with one employee.  The nice lady behind the counter asked me what I wanted.  I ordered the Basil Mascarpone Burger cooked medium and fries as my side.  That and a drink came out to around $12.00.  I took a seat in front of their gigantic TV and started to watch the game.  About 10 minutes later, my burger was ready and they brought it out to me.  Here is how it tasted...........Basil Marscapone Burger-  This thing looked delicious!  The smell of the basil was very fragrant.  This burger comes with a 1/3lb patty, a nice artisan bun that is smeared liberally with mascarpone cheese, tomatoes, roasted portabello mushrooms, carmalized onions and then its namesake,  little ribbons of basil.  I took a bite in and got all the flavors at once.  The burger was cooked a perfect pink medium and had a great beefy flavor, the onions were sweet, the cheese was creamy, the mushrooms nice and tender, the strips of basil very pungent and delicious and the bun was soft yet held everything together.  This burger IS a messy one.  It is piled high and totally worth getting your face/hands/shirt dirty.  Just dig in!  I could see how it won "Best Burger".  It was definitely unique and definitely tasty!French Fries-  The fries were decent.  They could have been a tad more crispy.  They were thick logs of hand cut potatoes.  They reminded me of a cross between Five Guys fries and my moms homemade fries.  They needed a little bit of salt too.  They weren't bad, they just weren't that great either.  I will definitely be back for another one of these burgers in the future.  Their other menu offerings looked great too. They also serve breakfast all day.   It's only about a 5 minute drive from my house,  so I guarantee I will eat through some of their menu.We are from New York so it's really hard to love pastrami anywhere else, but this comes as close as possible! Great homemade potato salad and the staff is so nice. My son enjoyed the corned beef as well. We try delis  in AZ and we never are happy. Next time we'll try the gourmet burger that the chef created especially for here!Really solid choice for a meal in Surprise, AZ.  My family and I have been here 4 times in the last 2 months and it is consistently good!  The menu is a little overwhelming because there are tons of choices but we've tried a bit of everything and this place can cook!One of the better sandwiches and a nice tossed chef salad make for a great lunch. Fresh ingredients, seems very clean so not sure why some complained. My daughters mixed green salad was a bit over dressed however the greens were very good (crisp and flavorful) not like the ones at most markets that are dull and lifeless.We had dinner here. Good deli food, slightly pricy. I had the Reuben sandwich, lean corned beef, so I did have to add some 1000 dressing. My husband had Chicken Parmesan Hero sandwich, which he liked. The staff was very friendly & the place was very clean.I was discouraged by the sign by the front door but I went in anyway, not expecting too much. However, I had the phili cheesesteak with provolone and a side of pasta salad, and have to say that this place gets it!  (Food wise). Quite possibly the best phili cheesesteak I've ever had. And normally I wouldn't even bother with commenting on a side, but this pasta salad is worth mentioning. Delicious!The place was clean and the server was super nice. We had a brief conversation and all was good. One last note, the menu they have says, "coca-cola" products, but what they have is actually Pepsi products.Really nice that I discovered after seeing a review from another yelper. I forgot the name of the sandwich I got but my friend got the Philly cheesesteak that was omg good and on some of the best bread you could as for. For the meat to be so juicy the bread was excellently picked out and could stand up to the heat and not fall apart. I did not care for the fries or thr coleslaw but the chef to the time to make it right. I want to go back one day and try there chili cheese burger just cause. Nice place different a local spot that people visit frequently for the renowned buger. Worth checking it out.Dug on this place. Almost gave it a pass w the signage outside. Ordered a salad which is a 'construct your own' menu. Loved it. Spinach, bacon, cheese, nuts, avocado and then some. Perfect and fresh. Kid ordered the cheese burger and i finished it. Very good.Guys were really friendly and it was quite fast service which worked since we were driving through. If ever am in the greater Surprise area and in need of eats, would give it another go.What a cute little spot! My partner and I ate here for breakfast while we were visiting from out of town. He had Mikey's Cheeze Eggs and I had the banana nut pancakes. We were both extremely impressed with our meals! I got a stack of four panckes, which were huge. They were, however, very delicious and not overcooked like some places. And, considering how much food we both got, the price was definitely decent.  It did take a while for the food to get to us, which could have been because of how busy it was, but other than that it was a fantastic little stop and we both wish there was one in Vegas (our hometown)!Just found out this place was not a pizza place which was my misconception based on the title. Actually have sandwiches, burgers, pasta, salads, breakfast and open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I had a burger, my husband a sandwich-both were delicious! Definitely our new favorite.I tried the Basil Mascarpone Burger. It's really good, not too salty, really nice basil flavor, and the cheese is great. I would get that again. Price is decent at $9.99. It comes with a side and you can choose from fries, potato salad, pasta salad, and others. I chose the fries and the fries are okay. It's not seasoned (which I like).I also tried the Rice pudding. It's light in flavor, not too sweet, but satisfies my sweet tooth.I will be back again to try the other items on the menu.Have been here a couple of times and food was good. The Staten island sandwich is especially yummy. My fiance prefers the BBQ burger. Also, the pasta salad is AMAZING! We weren't a huge fan of the fries, but we will definitely be coming back!!Great Burgers cooked the way you want them!  Try the tarter sauce on the perfectly cooked french fries.  I had the New York Burger with the Swiss cheese and Pastrami! They are a bit  spendy at $10.00 each.  The breakfast special looked great and they serve it all day!Mascarpone Burger - Wow! Get extra beef patty. It's not huge but it's wonderful. This burger has some trophies too. Fries - Get 'em extra crispy! Quite nice. Philly - pass.Loved this place! Everyone was so friendly! Great fries and my boyfriend loved the Philly steak! Burger was a little too done for a medium burger, but would still come back! Oh! The cheesecake was to die for!Stopped in for lunch today. Split the largePHILLY CHEESTEAK with my hubby.And fries as our side. DONT SKIP THE FRIES, they are so good. Fresh cut from real potatoes. Lol

They were missing a handful of items, namely, the Armenian meat pie that I desperately wanted to try...they weren't quite ready when we got there.  Had we not been in a hurry, we would have waited and tried one.  Next time.  Even with a few things not being ready though, they had a huge selection of cakes, cupcakes, mousse, biscotti, and more.I chose a Nutella cake (of course I did.) with chocolate covered hazelnuts on top.  My fella tried the baklava and a small pastry with apricot inside.  We also got a couple coffees:  I got a free cappuccino (with Yelp check in: one time only) which was tasty, considering it comes from one of those machines that does several coffee drinks in one.  My fella got a Mediterranean medium roast coffee.  The guy who helped us described it as Mediterranean espresso.  It was VERY strong, but delicious.  We put one creamer and a couple sugar packets in it to mellow it out a little bit, and enjoyed it. So...the food was delicious.  Its so hard to find good baklava in town, and Manan has GOOD baklava.  They have several different varieties, so I can't wait to try the others. The Nutella cake was light, sweet, and airy.  It was really delicious. The smaller pastry that we got was good too.  Flaky crust, and sweet fruit spread inside. Everyone was very nice, and we were able to sit outside at a little table to enjoy the cool air, before it turned into a ridiculously hot day.  I like this bakery.I like supporting local shops, especially when they have a quality product.  Next time, I'm trying the cheesecake, and plan to buy a loaf or two of their fresh bread!Until next time, Manan!Sure they have black and whites to rival those at the Bagel Cafe, and their selection of fancy cake slices matches that at Patisserie Manon, but the piroshkis and bureks are only found here, on a covered tray above the pastry case. These treats are the best- flaky layers of pastry filled with your choice of potato, meat, spinach, or feta! Delicious, high quality, and oh so satisfying. The lahmajoon "Armenian pizza" mentioned in other reviews is worth a try- took mine home to heat and eat, an easy lunch when paired with a  salad. Simple but solid flavors, adding Bulgarian feta kicked it up another level.Grab a $5 for $10 Yelp deal while they're still up, you won't regret it. They have daily specials, like Monday's $1 cupcakes from noon to 5PM. If they ever have a mushroom piroshky to add to the rotation...  I might move in to the apartments next door.Worth it. I tried every macaron this bakery offers. Many of the flavors I had never had before. They held their texture and form even after sitting for an hour in the car under the burning Las Vegas sun. Also tried the potato pie (perashki) which was highly filling but a bit dry at some points. The highlight of my experience was the crispy napoleon. I have no idea what it was but I have a love for crispy and flaky food...and this was in the form of a cake. Amazing.Good stuff here and lots of variety at a fair price...awesome cream puff. I felt the owner was nice and helped explain what items were.Perhaps a couple of tables set up inside (as opposed to the one table exclusively reserved to discuss custom cake orders) would allow you to dine inside and allow you to enjoy a coffee etc...but maybe they aren't looking to clean tables and allow you to eat on the premises.I got a coffee from my yelp sign in, but they forgot to make it, and I already had my food so I just left w/o the brew, but yeah, sign in through yelp and grab your free coffee.I would come back and try more things here...had a coconut snowball, a chocolate mousse in an edible dark chocolate cup and cream puff...all excellent.After volunteering at Opportunity Village Magical Forest, I dropped by Manan to pick up some pastries.   I was greeted moments later, but no biggie, it gave me time to peruse the so many cakes and bars Manan has to offer.  I ended up with the following;

_ Price - Average - please recognize fresh veggies in your dish, not frozen,, On to my review of the Food !!# 47  - Mi Xao Don Thap Cam

Just like to see the price for fish come down to more acceptable. $7-8 or even $9 /lb is like in a restaurant.

OK, it's a buffet, but a really terrific buffet, with cocktails and the whole deal!

The pastry tasted like a pancake with liquid sugar. It was really good.

Salty Peanut Butter Brownie

Overall, pretty great buffet. Expensive... but what isn't in Vegas? =PVery good buffet.Pros: dim sum and Kobe burgers

Does it really cost the Bellagio so much to stock orange juice to justify pricing a small glass at $6, I don't think so!Assuming you can secure a seat at the Jean Philippe Patisserie, do people-watch, since staring at fellow customers and casino-goers is always fun, right? Like the rest of the Bellagio, the patisserie itself is beautiful, full of works of art (most can be purchased), which their desserts could also be described as.I love ice cream, so I went for a cup of cookies and creme. From the first bite, it was orgasmic bliss, deliciously smooth and creamy, cooling, and not terribly sweet - just enough. It's pricey dessert goodness, but worth it for those with sweet tooths. (I tried a bite of one of their other desserts, but I'm purely an ice cream man.)Coming from a local standpoint, this place is excellent. Even if you don't have a sweet tooth and happened to be in the Bellagio, just check out this place for the world's largest chocolate fountain. The gelato is very creamy and SWEET. I get excited when I come here and order a big cup of gelato, with the hazelnut, tiramisu, and strawberry. However, for me, I could only handle a couple of bites of gelato because it was really sweet! Don't get me wrong, each morsel of gelato is scrumptuous, but I can only handle so much. Next time I will get a small cup.Before, they didn't have crepes, now they have all types. I still need to check it out and try it. But, this is definitely a place to check out, just to say you've tried it and saw the chocolate fountain.First off, the guy who works here with the mustache is a douche.[1] Your sign telling us where to go to buy pastries is facing the register. To read it, we'd already be standing in the right place.[2] Don't interrupt me when I'm telling you what I want to buy. Maybe then, you'd actually get it right.[3] Don't presume that I want my dessert for here, just to give me the stink eye when I ask you to box it up, smashing my macarons in the process.At any rate, the macaron with rose infused cream is delicious. It gets soggy at the bottom, though. So you probably want to chill it at your room if you can.My girlfriend got the raspberry cake with pistachio cream and she enjoyed that as well.I also got a pack of four macarons which cost $8. They were delicious, however, and my girlfriend who normally doesn't like macarons enjoyed them as well.Overall, good pastries, great looking wedding cakes on display, but generally unpleasant staff.====Rubric: 5 = Mindblowing 4 = Excellent 3 = I see the charm 2 = Disappointing 1 = Never againBeautiful bakery in the already stunning hotel/casino. The world's largest fountain of chocolate is as pretty as people makes it out to be and is worth a walk to come by and look. All the pastries and sandwiches are also crafted very artfully. The price is exactly what you would expect in the Bellagio (High).(1) Never again --- (10) Always anytime- Strawberry n Cream Tart (8)

We took our food back home to enjoy on our own sunny patio.  Had we dined in, we may have had a wine or beer.  Nice that they offer those drink options.

J'ai dû faire un gros effort pour revenir au menu du souper qui, lui aussi, était très appétissant. Nous avions droit à un mélange de tapas chauds, froids et de la mer. Je ne me souviens peu des plats choisis, puisque la visite date de plus de 4 mois, mais je me souviens que chaque plat était extrêmement bien présenté, incorporant des fleurs et sauces en déco délicieuse. Tout ce qu'on a mangé était incroyablement bon (dont le tartare de bœuf, lui, je m'en rappelle!) et j'aurais aimé continuer l'expérience en  goûtant à tout! On a tenté, avec le dessert, mais, les faisant maison, il ne restait malheureusement plus nos choix.Nous avons choisi de manger au bar, et nous avions la vue sur la cuisine, presque de maison, où travaillait la chef. Impressionnant de voir d'où sortaient ces merveilleux plats!Petit bémol : Avec notre escompte de 50%, nous trouvions que le prix pour 2 boissons, les taxes et le pourboire était correct, mais sans notre deal, on aurait trouvé ça coûteux.Mission déjeuner un jour!!Delicious brunch!Le resto de l'Institut offre de très bons brunchs le week-end. L'ambiance et le service sont impeccables. Le menu demeure classique mais avec un touche de finesse intéressante pour chaque sélection. Les prix sont abordables et la qualité excellente.

für mich sind das deshalb 4 Sterne.Ich habe im blauen Reiter auf einer Dienstreise übernachtet. Sehr gefreut habe ich mich, dass der Check-In nach entsprechender Reservierung auch nach 22 Uhr möglich war. Die Zimmer sind modern und ästhetisch gestaltet sowie sauber. Leider habe ich nicht besonders gut schlafen können, da mein Bett sehr weich war. Das Frühstücksbuffet war reichhaltig und liebevoll angerichtet. Besonderes Highlight war der Bienenhonig direkt aus der Wabe. Das Personal war freundlich. Die Zimmerpreise sind angemessen. Alles in allem ein stimmiges Gesamtpaket.War hier paar mal essen, meist nach 21 Uhr. Es war abends und relativ wenig los. Im Vergleich zu McD ging die Bestellaufnahme langsamer aber dennoch freundlich. Der Essensraum und die Tische waren sauber. Habe mir einen geeigneten Platz gefunden. Das Menü war frisch aber ich fand nach dem Essen vom Umfang ein bisschen zu wenig, halt Fastfood.Was mir aufgefallen war.

Overall, this is one of the best possible options if you're looking to avoid the hectic whirlwind that is known as Las Vegas Boulevard.Beautiful casino/hotel way off the strip.  The first casino once you get into Vegas city limits, if I am not mistaken.  Much more of a locals hangout due to location but worth the trip for a change of pace from the strip.  The decor is really pleasing and the gaming areas that I frequented was very clean and attractive.  Sign up for their players card and get a t-shirt or a free play on a slot machine.Why is it so far away from society? Looks like it can be part of Aria, Vdara and Cosmo.  Came for the buffet, which was amazing. Very modern look and feel, sign up for the members club card, get free $5 credit, which can turn into thousands of dollars! Just wish it was closer to the strip, but just for the buffet I wouldn't mind the drive.PROS:

The main problem here is quality control in produce. All the garlic was moldy last time we came, onions were covered in fruit flies the time before that. Things that should be very obvious are let go. Never mind the stuff that takes attention to detail like moldy stems on most of the organic avocados.

2nd room: the "main room" was super crowded. So hard to just walk in the door. Music was so loud I couldn not hear a word anyone said. Lol. House music. Hung out maybe 15 min.

Couldn't resist the caramelised onion and goats cheese veggie pizza followed by the nicest pistachio ice cream I have had outside of Nardini's in Largs.  If I wasn't with work colleagues I may have even a pig and ordered seconds! The 20% discount basically bought the wine (happy days)And the night was a success & within budget thanks to my discount. Attentive staff and liked the updated version of the comment card that is a tablet PC. Would recommend this for any business or social event.  I especially love the round booth style seating as it is so social to speak to everyone t the table.I often go to Gusto for lunch, the staff are friendly, the food is good quality Italian fare and the prices are reasonable. In fact it actually seems like it should be more expensive as the interior is quite swanky! Top Tip 1 -  If you take kids in, they'll give them little chef hats and let them make their own pizzas at the table and go meet the Chef too! Top Tip 2 - they have a dining card which gives you up to 40% discount which is free and you can register for it on their website.The carbonara is great, as is the sticky toffee pudding with ice cream (swoon). They are always innovating with new events, menus, wines and cocktails and strongly support Edinburgh Sick Kids too.Another great meal here at Gusto. I can recommend the primavera pasta and the pistachio ice-cream also I can tell you that the make a mean Irish coffee, I know this because my husband got one and I pinched some! YummyGot my 20% food discount as usual for being a Gusto member which always feels good getting a wee discount :0) Check out the pictures I postedhmm this is a rather difficult review to write as i went here for a work xmas lunch and feel like we didn't get to sample their actual menu!  this is of course a gripe of the festive season as instead of offering the normal menu all places think that everyone just wants to eat turkey and christmas pudding....  but anyway, i have to say that while gusto does put on a special menu for their xmas lunch and dinner it's very good!we arrived at 2pm and were seated right away at a long table.  my only problem with this is that you were rather limited in who you could talk to as it was the people immediately across from you or next to you.  one of their round booths would have been nice so i could have seen everyone, but it might have been our party was too big.  also i find sitting under the mezzanine level makes things a bit dark, but perhaps some people see this as atmospheric.from their xmas menu i ordered the butternut squash soup, the turkey with all the trimmings, and the chocolate tart.  although we were a large party and they appeared to have quite a few of these our food was brought out very promptly after our order!  i really appreciated this as two cocktails into the drinks already and a full glass of wine in front of me, i was desperate for some food!!the soup was absolutely delicious!  it was the perfect winter warmer for a cold day with a nice smooth consistency and a warm squashy taste to it.  it was topped with toasted pumpkin seeds and had a side of nice freshly baked bread that i used to wipe the bowl clean.  the turkey was next and i have to say it was really only ok.  i found the meat to be a wee bit dry and my food cooled off far too quickly after it arrived and the brussel sprouts with pancetta were almost cold by the time i finished them.  however, they were still rather tasty and the portion of stuffing was just delicious!!  i also really enjoyed the extra sides of roast potatoes and sauteed veggies.  my chocolate tart was lovely but i was far too full to finish it so it sadly got mostly left over!the service we had was impeccable!  i really could not fault our waiter, he was so lovely and helpful and always checking to make sure we had everything we needed.  he also kindly suggested frangelico instead of amaretto for an after dinner liquor which me and some of my colleauges enjoyed so much we ended up having three!  so excellent suggestion from an excellent waiter!  he also let us sit at the table almost two hours longer than we were told we originally had, which was a great help as our head of department was delayed and only joined us when we had almost finished the meal.  however, this did not phase the waiter and he brought out her meal when she arrived and never rushed her between the courses.i definitely enjoyed my team lunch here and from that experience i'll happily be back to sample more of their normal menu.  i have been here once or twice before and know they do italian food well, so although i enjoyed the meal i do wish that we'd just been able to order off their normal menu because who says you can't have pizza for xmas?!?!Another great meal at Gusto.  This time I went with a school friend of mine.  With a 50% off food January sale there is every reason to be a social butterfly and catch up with everyone!  My friend tried a new pudding this time, the hot chocolate brownie with ice cream rather than the chocolate sauce, I tasted it and it was delicious and I may have to try that the next time that I am in. I always request a booth when I make reservations as I think that they are nicer than the tables, personal preference I suppose but I think that it gives you a wee area for your group, more room. I had to prompt this this time as they automatically went to seat us at a table, but they quickly found us a booth.I think I may be able to squeeze one more visit here before the sale finishes, although going for a catch up with school friends means that the wine bill is higher than the food bill!Gusto delivered more than I had possibly hoped for!  As part of a group I was privileged to be able to sample multiple dishes in one sitting and not one dish was disappointing!As soon as I walked through the door I was immediately taken with the smell of fresh herbs from the kitchen which had me walking on air to my seat.  I simply could not wait for the menu and knew this was going to be an experience.A starter of hand rolled meatballs with grana padano cheese and tomato sauce had me wishing for a second helping.  The meatballs were indeed hand rolled as the texture had a certain unique quality that can only be achieved by hand.A main of smoked italian sausage rigatoni had me hankering for my italian grand mothers cooking again!  I find it rare to come across an italian restaurant that would have good smoked italian sausage but this was the real thing!Decadent, indulgent, there are no words to describe the nutella and mascarpone calzone for dessert.  I am a fan of unusual desserts but I do not exaggerate that this piece of work arrived in front of me and I scrummed myself stupid in a heady haze of chocolate fuelled delight!  If you visit Gusto you have to try this but be warned; if you don't have a big appetite then you had better have a friend to share with!Staff were polite, accommodating, orders were taken and delivered promptly.  There was a minor mistake in one food order for which we were compensated and a new serving delivered very quickly.I have no complaints about this particular venue and I will be back....very very soon!This place is good, not exciting but very good. It is a chain but they are not so big it feels manufactured. As it is right near where we work it is a very handy little local lunch spot. They £9.95 lunch menu has a nice selection on it - I can highly reccommend the Ceasar Salad and the sea bass - plus it includes a glass of wine.

*Fish and Chips

The good thing is that he also made a small shop with an identical menu to the old school joint on Univ & Mesa so that I can get my favs there.So I'm not so much a fan of the fancy joint as I am the old style menu which sits in the same parking lot.

Love that they use Lavazza. My Café Latte was so delicious, smooth and creamy. Sorry Starbucks but this was awesome. Great house blend too!

- the bloody mary and mignonetter sauce have a nice kick to it

I was happy to know that Seviche is a meal that we can have when we want to go somewhere nice that isn't going to break our piggy bank. The first time we added about $40 to our bill trying out all their cocktails so it is a lot more reasonable when you only have a drink or so. I love this place and highly recommend you try it!Their ceviche, mixed drinks, and tapas are superb, and the service we got was even better.  Amazing service :-)   Servers Cory and Christina are the shit, and GM Jeff went above and beyond to be a great host.  Am coming back for my birthday shindig Saturday night.  Thx for a wonderful night tonight, guys!Good food and open late.   Had the triple ceviche - traditional preparation with conch, the agave hamache and tiradito salmon (this one had a kick).Also got the Chorizo wrapped scallops and those were excellent.  From the roasted corn polenta, wilted spinach, the sweet bbq glaze on the scallops and the freshly grated pepper to provide a kick.... everything in this dish was great.You can also get many of their drinks non-alcoholic.  The mango mohito was pretty good --- nothing outrageously different -- but still good for $5Service was friendly, they had a live singer / band on a Thursday nightExcellent cocktails and happy hour seviche and sushi specials!Seviche is great! After attempting reservations at two other places Seviche was one that was willing to take us earlier than 10pm so made a reservation for 8pm on Saturday. We tried to arrive a little early to grab some drinks but they had a high top table available for us in the back of the restaurant. We initially thought it was great since it was quieter than the front but after a few minutes Seviche turned up the music - while great music the volume was a con as I remember shouting during part of our conversation, which makes me laugh now. Our waitress who had a trainee along with her was hands down awesome. I thought I could be friends with her by the end of the night. I ordered the Broadbent Vinho Verde wine which was good (had a little carbonation and you could taste the grapes) so had a second. As for food, we had the fire and ice ceviche, asian tartare, tres quesos, corn and goat cheese croquettas, beef tacos and the fried donut dessert. I thought all were good and it was nice how the dishes were communal, enhancing the eating social experience. I'm not sure if I would come here if I were starving though given how many dishes we had to fill us up. However Seviche had such a fun vibe that I will definitely be back.Ceviche is not often found on a lot of the menus around town. So to now have a ceviche restaurant is a diamond mine.

The PCF has some really good flavors and although I am a provolne fan on mine the american cheese used here was pretty good. I am definately not a wiz kid..lol.  This was the best tasking steak sandwhich I had in Vegas and wouldn't say it's even that close to a Philly.

Would I go again? Living in London may make that difficult but I did prefer this particular branch to the Covent Garden one.Quick and easy!  The staff here is great, polite and chatty. I still prefer the one in city stop, only because I hate going into Albertstons.great happy hour, service was fine, not sure why it's only 1.5 stars but I'm a fanWe have been here several times now, and.our experiences have all been fantastic! The service was better than average, and our food has been consistently and surprisingly good! I expected bar food, since it has a sports bar ambience -- and.they DO have plenty of bar food. But for what this place is, and the cost, the food was very tasty and they have some great salads in generous proportions. We live closeby, and have necome regulars.Been coming here for a couple of months now and really like the atmosphere, plenty of TVs for sports, nice patio with misters and family always welcome. I watched the NBA playoffs here to route for the Celtics come to find out of of the cute bar tenders was from Boston so that made it even better destination LOL. I recommend their pizza, sounds plain as they have a great menu but I was told they make their own dough and I can tell, outstanding. Another item I really liked was the Apple Crisp desert with vanilla ice cream, out of this world!!!! Fat's has become my favorite local sports bar. Also was able to park my Harley near a window so I could easliy keep an eye out, another thing I really liked was their WIFI was free and worked really well, thanks FatsBomb!!!! Live music friendly staff and really good affordable food...and really great prices.  So far so good, I will be checking in on this place from time to time to give you the honest updates you require ...plus there beers where ice cold off the tap.    Update 1.  restrooms where very clean and the place was 75% full.

BFG Chicken Strips is excellent for these reasons:Variety (baked, fried, or grilled chicken strips)

as this Hill of Fluffiness Arrived at my table.

One of my favorite things is the weird random stuff. Sometimes you'll look at the conveyor and there will be a can of Vienna sausage, Spam, mixed fruit, or a cup of chocolate pudding. I'm wondering how many people get dragged to sushi against their will by friends - this way, you can say "MAN, ok, we get it, you don't like sushi, here, have some Spam!" I almost grabbed the pudding because FUNNY, but I'd already had the little ice cream puffs thingies (YUM), so I didn't. Maybe I'll have some Vienna sausage next time. Nah ... too many yummy dishes!Good eats low price. Rotating sushi on a conveyor belt. No soda fountain so no free refills. Fresh fish, only place I can eat sushi till I explode for under 25 bucks for 2 people. YumyumyumFirst time came here.I'm Japanese but taste is good and cheap.My family like!For the longest time I've had my friend Tiffany tell me all about this sushi bar called Teharu that sits right next to NYPD Pizza, at the intersection of Priest and 48th Street. It seemed like a good place for a fun dinner, and I've always been one to open up my appetite to new places, so I gave in on my friend's requests to go. Teharu was fairly close and I wasn't really going out of my way to try this new place. The location was about three or four miles away from where I live, give or take a few miles. When we got there, the exterior of the restaurant looked very plain. With tinted windows and boring, gray letters that read "Teharu" across the top, I was already feeling doubt about this place before I even walked through the door. When we ventured in, it was like a slap in the face. Why? Well everything on the inside completely contradicts everything on the inside. The place was about half full, not too busy it seemed. Lots of faces were smiling and there were a lot of cheerful conversations going on through the atmosphere. In front of us was a little stand that had a sign that said "Sign in and wait to be seated". We were there for no longer than a minute or two before a small waitress with a huge grin came and greeted and seated us. We had seats right in front of the conveyor belt which was really exciting for me.Right when we sat down, the waitress had already been asking for our choice of drinks and anything else we needed. Practically right in front of you, there is a chart, with different colored plates labeled with different prices ranging from 1.50 to 3.00. So right off the bat I already knew that this place wasn't expensive at all, when usual sushi bars are a bit pricey, charging almost 6 or 7 dollars a plate.As I see each plate of sushi coming and going, I certainly didn't know where to begin. I had a few doubts, because with the plates continuously rotating until someone picks them up, you never knew how long the food was sitting there. Yet no one seemed to have a problem with it, so it must've been safe to eat! I've always been a big fan of sushi and the endless combinations of fish and vegetables so I couldn't wait any longer. The first plate I picked up was called a Spicy tuna roll. The plate was blue, so according to the chart in front of me, it was only 2 dollars. The first bite tasted exactly like how the name was, tuna and spicy. It was more delicious than what I expected it to be, so I downed the other 3 rolls right after the other. Another thing that I really loved about this place was that everything was convenient. All the sauces and napkins that you needed was already right at your table, so there was no need on asking a waiter for one. Although the workers came around and asked how we were doing often, there wouldn't be much of a problem to ask them for a thing or two. They were always right there if we had any questions or needed anything.

I would most definitely stay here again.  It's a bit of a walk from the strip, but that doesn't bother me.  It's Vegas.  Who doesn't expect to walk in Vegas?  The smoke-free environment is worth it to me.Another Vegas weekend off the hook!  The Signature at MGM made the stay that much better!!!When planning this weekend, I had to accomodate 7 party people.   This hotel was able to give us a 2bdrm Suite (1=1bdrm suite+Junior Suite) which connected thru a common door from the hallway.  Perfect!!! It had plenty of room for all.  Full Kitchen, I mean FULL, stove, mircrowave, dishwasher and normal size refrigerator.  This allowed us to grocery shop and by booze :)  On top of that we had 3 bathrooms which really helped during that getting ready rush!Our main reason for staying here was to attend Wet Republic.  The only down side was you don't get in free for being a guest.  Fortunately we found a Vegas hook up.I'm completely satisfied and so were all my guest.  We all felt comfortable and enjoyed out stay.  Everyone agreed we would stay again over and over again, so much that we booked an additional night cause we didn't want to leave.Highly recommended for a business stay or vacation away from the madness.  Stayed in June at a Junior Suite.  The Signature is awesome.  Kitchenette is great.  Bathrooms are epic.  Jacuzzi tub was outstanding.Used Luxury Suites to reserve and didn't have any problems at all.  Housekeeping was fine, service was great.  I extended my stay with a late checkout (to 6pm) on the final day.  There was some miscommunication - the security gate wasn't alerted to my extended stay - but it wasn't a big deal.Stayed in Tower 1, which was a good choice.  I was there on Tue/Wed nights so the noise from Wet Republic wasn't a problem as it was closed.As far as proximity to the strip it was just fine.  You can walk through the MGM, which yes is a bit of a hike.  But there is also a shortcut through the back from Tower 1.  If you exit Tower 1 out the front you can walk down to the right and exit through the employee vehicle entrance/exit.  From there you go left down Audrie and walk a couple blocks down and then make a right on Rue De Monte Carlo.  Then just walk down and it takes you right out to the strip by the Hard Rock Cafe.  Maybe a 10 minute walk."Vegas, baby, Vegas!""And she's just like this little bunny, who's just kinda cowering in the corner. You know, you got these claws and you're staring at these claws and your thinking to yourself, and with these claws you're thinking, "How am I supposed to kill this bunny, how am I supposed to kill this bunny?" Damn lions love bunnies! MGM is a fun place to stay on the strip. It's affordable and the pool is loads of fun. No need to pay for Wet Republic. Just hang out by the lazy river for free and you'll have more fun. Guaranteed. Besides, there are lots more interesting people to ogle at instead of watching all the drunken Spring Breakers trying to make an impression at Wet Republic.Stayed here last weekend and have to say it was perfect for our group. The walk to the main MGM pool is all in doors and rather quick, room service prompt, maid service above and beyond even folding clothing. All equipped with refrigerators and microwaves.  Most likely wouldn't stay there again because I prefer Encore, mandarin oriental, Cosmopolitan, Bellagio or Wynn BUT it was perfect for our group of 6 girls in the 2bd suite.If you're willing to sacrifice the convenience of staying right on the strip in exchange for larger apartment-like accomodations, you will find this place to be a good value (check VRBO for the best deals!). A few notes

Everyone mentioned the chips and salsa on their reviews and they are right! the salsa is just perfect and super addicting...

When you walk in, you order at the counter where they make your food assembly style to order.  I stopped in last Friday and walked away with a carnitas torta.  The carnitas were full of pork goodness and tender to the bite.  Topped with your choice of toppings and under $8, it was a solid lunch.Friendly service and great fresh ingredients, especially their homemade hot sauces (most places use the canned stuff, so A+ on this!).  Had a couple filled to the brim tacos and a Mexican Coke and walked out stuffed for less than $7.  I'd like to see a little better seasoning on the carnitas (or even better, some pastor tacos!), but overall a good traditional taco- or if you want to go the American way they build right in front of you, so you can sour cream and lettuce your heart out.  It's in a funky old building in an awkward spot on South Park street, but is a super clean and well kept place. I'll be back for sure!EDIT: they do have tacos al pastor!  They'll be updating the menu soon, until then you'll have to request it.The food isn't bad, almost as good as Taqueria Guadalajara.  The inside of the place isn't very nice though.  The signs in the windows block most of the natural light, and the interior walls and ceiling are all wood paneling giving it a 1950s Wisconsin lodge vibe.I came here for lunch on a Monday at about 12:30p.  I had some tacos - they were good - don't get me wrong.  The place was empty which made me a bit nervous.  I was the only one there.  The ingredients looked super fresh - and the guy behind the counter was very friendly.  I need to go back and sample more - but I wouldn't hesitate.  The tacos were very tasty and made to order and more than affordable.  I look forward to a return visit to sample more...I really like this place.  It's mostly tacos and burritos.  We ordered tacos and the meats were seasoned perfectly.  They top them off with lots of lettuce, cheese and salsa.  We got them in corn tortilla and tacos did not fall apart.  I loved that the spicy salsa was actually spicy!  Be careful!  I believe if you order the 3 taco combo then all toppings come with but if you order single taco then you pay for adding on toppings.  We asked only bc 3 tacos combo was $6.96 but single taco was $2.25 (meaning three single taco would be $6.75?? and staff said combo came with all toppings).Cheese quesodilla was nothing special and nachos were fine.  Ordering is easy- right when you walk in, menu is clearly posted on wall to your right.  You just order and food is made in front of you.  They have canned soda and Mexican sodas to choose from.  I thought prices were reasonable, restaurant was clean and staff was really nice.Really, I would like to give it a 4.5, if that were possible. We stopped in for a late lunch after a day at the zoo, based on the proximity and positive reviews. We were the only customers. The prices are extremely reasonable and the flavors as authentic as any taqueria I've been to in CA. The spicy red salsa is hot, the green is mild and flavorful and both taste very fresh. I love fresh chopped cilantro and it's one of the add-ins on the selection of entree toppings bar. The man who assembled our burrito and taco order was very helpful and definitely generous with the meat fillings. I had a question about the difference between carnitas and pastor pork, and he took the tongs and handed me a large sample of each to try rather than try to explain in detail. I thought that was nice. Both were flavorful and tender and delicious. My daughter didn't care for the chorizo taco too much because of the cinnamon flavor, but the barbacoa was a big hit. I had the carnitas burrito and the meat was absolutely delicious. You definitely get more meat than anything, unlike some other burrito places. I only knock off half a star for having nothing but coke products to drink, and for flimsy plastic silverware that is far too weak to stand up to cutting through a burrito. The interior is small and somewhat dim, with Mexican telenovelas and music videos playing quietly on a TV mounted near the ceiling. My daughter noted that there are outlets at every table, but I'm not sure if they have wifi. Seems like it would be a nice quiet place to have lunch and get some studying or other work done, if they do.We carried out from here and loved the food we got! This included a chicken burrito and 3 tacos. For the tacos we chose 2 with carnitas and one with barbacoa. All of it was really tasty, portions were big, and cost was low. I also got a side of rice. Menu mainly consists of burritos, tacos, quesadillas and nachos...but really, what else do you need? The guys that run the place are friendly and personable. Looks like mostly carry out business, but there are a couple of tables to eat at.Great burrito and service, my only complaints are that the salsa is too watery and they are stingy with the avocado. Otherwise excellent Mexican food!Very nice staff, helpful but not pushy. Large selection, especially the bags. Usually you go somewhere and find only a few, this place had a wall full of them along with all the other 5.11 apparel. Unfortunately my size was sold out in all the stuff I was interested in and as usual, my wife walked out with more stuff than I didGreat place. All the employees were friendly and eager to help. The prices were very low compared to Calvada or American Shooters. The only thing was I wished they had more of a women's selection for tops, but what can you do.I really liked this salon.  Very clean, friendly staff.  Came in the morning when they weren't too busy and had a great organic ginger pedicure. Yen did a great job.  Highly recommend her!This place did an exceptional job on my husbands suits and my curtains. I thought they were a little pricey but quite honestly any place is going to be pricey compared to the DC prices I'm used to (I'm used to paying 1.79 an item). The service was quicker than any dry cleaner I've been to in this area. They have same day and next day dry cleaning which is great. The staff is friendly as well. I'll be coming back!No, this is not near Wild Horse Pass, this restaurant is located at the Talking Stick Golf course in Scottsdale. Happy Hour is from 11- 2 or 3 PM.  After a round of golf, our group decided to have lunch and to our surprise, the servings were a plate full. I had the Club, my friends had the Sliders, Chicken Wrap and last, a burger. The server made sure we had enough water and beer. All the entrees come with one side and I opted for the Home Chips and the others, french fries. For the value, the Chicken Wrap during happy hour was $5 which large enough for me to enjoy compared to my Club.  Everyone was happy and we left stuffed.In a hunt to reward my sweet tooth, I ran across a new addition to downtown. We can never have too much coffee, but this new location also offers Macaroon's. They have a host of preprepared goodies. Can't wait to return for an iced latte.Gave this new coffee house a try --- and I'm glad I did. They just opened 5 days ago, so they're pretty new to the game. I went about 8:30 with a couple people and we ordered a total of 4 beverages and a breakfast sandwich. I think they're still in a little bit of a learning curve as far as drinks and timing goes, because it did take a bit longer than normal for the drinks to get made BUT- they were delicious! There are about 10 flavor options (including cheesecake, ftw) to add to your drinks. I got the iced vanilla chai latte, and it was AWESOME. Very sweet and creamy, and not too spicy like a lot of the other 'big' coffee places in CLT. A definite must try if you're in the area.Side note: they also serve tons of breakfast items. Sandwich, waffles ... even a breakfast sandwich ON a waffle #hangoverheaven. Located inside The Cedar Street Design Center: the building next to Draught, closer to Morehead.This coffee shop is in the foundry building behind draught so it's in a hard to find location because not many business are in the space yet. I've been here twice and have had good experiences. Both times I have had their iced vanilla chai tea and it's equivalent to Nova's! It tastes just like it!!!! They have a large selection of coffee drinks (plus 8 different flavors), teas and smoothies. They also serve some breakfast sandwiches, but keep in mind they make it fresh so it will take around 10+ minutes to make. The workers seemed a little lost, but it's only been open for about a month now. I'm sure that will change. Also due to the location, I think they need to do some external advertising in order to promote the coffee shop.... Not many people know about it.I can't tell ya'll how happy I am that a coffee shop opened up in the Third Ward. It has locally sourced coffee, breakfast, and pastry.   Goodbye Seattle mermaid.The only reason I'm giving these guys four stars is because I didn't get a confirmation call saying they were coming out. I had to call them. Knick was sent to my house and he was great. Very polite and friendly. He told me what I needed done and he fixed the problem very quickly. I think I just found my new plumbing company.My dad was in town to buy me a new car and we had looked at a few Kia dealerships as I wanted a Soul and I looked online and found Precision. When we 1st pulled up, we were a little taken back because it didn't seem as if there were any cars but lo and behold, when we walked in the warehouse, there were hundreds of cars to choose from. The lady at the front desk hooked us up with Ryan and he was really cool. He explained to us that they have a "no hassle"  type of stance on selling cars. We felt no pressure and were able to look around at our leisure. He showed us where the 3 Kias were and we test drove the 2 I liked. I chose one and we paid for it. Period. Done. Ryan sent us into Jack's office for title, registration etc...he was just as cool. They make quite a team! My only complaint would be...no 2nd key (Ryan said on wed morning, I could get a free key cut) no spare tire, chip in the windshield and burn in the seat. I didnt see any of these things as I didn't look for them. I think they should make a list of little things like this and tell the buyer but they're no biggie to me. I still had a great experience. Thanks Team JA!It's pretty much what you would expect given its name. It's good but not great Mexican food. I will continue to go because it's convenient and it's pretty good. But I would not drive out of my way to go.I never write reviews but I want people to know that I have been going to this place for 6 months and they have treated me with respect every time. they worked with me to find the right methods to reduce my pain. The combination of meds and nerve blocks helps me so much. I have testicular issues and as anyman will tell you it's a very sensitive issue but Dr Burgher and Dr Alder have worked hard to help me control my severe pelvic pain.  The only problem is they are so busy every time I go in and the waiting time is to long they need to do a better job on the scheduling to reduce waiting time in the lobby.I crave their chicken salad wrap. It's the best thing on the menu and the only thing I order when I go.I first noticed this location two days ago and finally stopped by today.  It's located in the far rear corner of a shopping center, so the location can easily go unnoticed.  It features both a lobby and a drive-thru!  Today I went with a small Oreo Blizzard and it most definitely satisfied my craving for ice cream.  Unfortunately, I was not able to try the actual food today.  However, the lovely couple that I had the pleasure of speaking with there were huge fans of their burgers and said that this was definitely one of the better locations (DQ fanatics in their words).  I will definitely be back to give the other menu items a shot!  If you're craving fast food (yes, that definitely happens... or maybe it's just me?)  I suggest stopping by.The staff was nice and friendly!  All orders are walked up to you, so nobody is forced to play the standing waiting game, even if take-out was ordered!  P.S. They have a Coca-Cola Freestyle machine!  Yay!  For those who aren't familiar with this, it's a machine that features over 100 drink options!  Winning!DQ has really improved over the years. I come here a couple times a week for the lunch menu items like the chicken strip basket or the sandwiches. The prices are great and the employees are upbeat. The only issue that could use some improvement is the time required to get through the drive-thru during peak times during the day. I have seen people opt to walk inside instead of waiting in the drive-thru, but I don't know if that would make the trip any quicker.Friendly service, quality food, not very busy yet. They seem new to the neighborhood or at least I'd not seen them until recently. Today was my second visit and I enjoyed the Drunken Noodles. I asked for crispy tofu with it and that's exactly what I got - perfect. The larb with chicken was great, overall things could have been spicier but I understand that they try to spice things for the average customer, no problem because they bring a relish dish of four different chili preperations so I easily too the heat up to my liking. My first visit was for Massuman Chicken and Papaya salad....yeah they have brown rice too! I'll return.Went here last night for dinner. For appetizers I got the veggie rolls and they were delicious and perfectly crispy and my husband got the hot and sour soup which was probably the best hot and sour soup we've ever had, it was full of chicken and the broth was extremely flavorful. For our dinners my husband got the Hawaiian fried rice and it was very good and big portion, he ordered it hot and it was the perfect spicy for him. I ordered the yellow curry and it was very good. I can't wait to eat leftovers today. I hope more people realize this place is open because it was pretty empty. The service was great, the menu prices were a little confusing as it looks like they got their menus printed without prices on it and so they had to manually write it in with marker but messed up on a few.I was so excited when I found this place! I ordered Drunken Noodles and Spicy Fried rice, both level "hot". The flat noodles are my favorite! They don't deliver but offered free veggie spring rolls for the inconvenience and they are delicious! I hope people find this place and fall in love. I did not dine in, but it was clean and I was greeted with a smile. Looking forward to my next visit and I'll definitely let my friends know about this little gem.I may have officially converted to this place from a neighborhood competitor, Sala Thai. I've eaten here twice - once dine-in and once to-go, and have enjoyed the red curry with chicken, pad thai and spring rolls. When we dined in we were initially the only customers in the place and we waited forever for our food, so that would be the one caveat. That wasn't the case when I walked in and ordered to-go, however. That order came up in minutes. Hope they make it - the 32nd Street/Bell-Union Hills area is a culinary wasteland.Yelpers!  Score!  Thanks to the previous reviewers for the recommendation.  Very clean location in a "strip mall" - comfortable seating and clean - very clean!!  Score again!  Service was great.  Only "concern" would be if the place got really busy - our server/hostess/cashier would have a hard time keeping up.  For us - she handled things perfectly.  We ordered the Tom Kha Guy (spelling?) chicken coconut soup.  Spot on.  Chicken Satay.  Sauces were great - the chicken was a little overcooked - but still tasted fantastic.  I ordered the green curry and asked for additional veggies.  VERY  good!  Dining companion ordered Red curry and loved his food as well.  A third ordered a ginger stir fry.  Very good.  All of us were very full and took home a little for later snacking.  One of my new favorites for Thai in Phoenix!  This is a hidden gem - check it out!I work nearby and forgot my lunch at home.  A quick search here on Yelp and I was able to peruse the menu, order online, and pick up in minutes.  The lunch special panang chicken was very good.  In fact, my coworkers may have spotted me licking the bowl!  I intended to eat half and save half for dinner, but that somehow didn't happen. Someone on Yelp mentioned that you pay more with the online ordering service, but that was not the case for my lunch special.  It was $8 online and $8 on the menu I picked up there.  I actually found a savings code for the online service and saved 15%, so it was cheaper to order online.  This restaurant is in a strip mall, but I found it to be pleasant inside.  Nothing fancy and not big, but  clean and comfortable.  I'll be back!I've only ever eaten the Pad Thai, but it's always delicious and never fails to delight. It's extremely difficult to order over the phone, so I recommend using the Eat Street app if available.Chow mein is delicious!!! Only been here twice, and  both were very pleasant experiences. Everyone's  friendly and weve liked our meals each timeI like the wow milk the most, especially with red beans or green beans on top.

My husband loves bleu cheese and he says that it is really good.  He is very picky and changes the onions to crispy onions and no lettuce, tomato or pickles.

I really enjoy this casino and I know I'll be back once I move there!Will always be near, if not at the top of my list of fave locals' casinos. Their promotions really haven't slowed as far as gift giveaways, if you're partial to gaming.They also have rotating dining specials. The restaurant variety here has Stations beat, in my opinion. With the addition of an Asian restaurant (Jayde Fuzion), they now have an upscale steakhouse, buffet, deli, casual burger option and Italian. The Hostile Grape wine cellar also serves food though is only open Wed-Sat.  There's also a seasonal grille at the pool and the coffee/dessert shop Baby Cakes. They also have 4 gaming bars (32 Degree draft bar, M Bar, Casino Bar and Ravello Lounge).If you want an ultralounge experience without the $20 plus drink prices, try M Bar. Their specialty cocktail menu is reasonably priced. Their concert venue has a nice variety of shows such as tribute bands and the occasional headliner type. I've been to the pool a few times when there was no charge for locals. That changed and it's worth checking out even if you have to pay. Rooms are nice and some will have a Strip view, albeit a view from miles away.Love this place. Beautiful & really nice staff. Buffet has a great selection of ethnic foods. My complaint--no wifi in the rooms & a $15 charge to use the gym. For the price, that should be included.Love the way the m looks inside and out! The pool area is amazing for families too. I think the scent when you first walk in is a little strong. The veg deli is open 24 hours. The beers are awesome as well at 31 degreesHow have I lived in Las Vegas for as many years as I have and NOT ever been to the M Resort?! Its far is not an excuse I know I know however it really is. Anyways I think that this place is amazing on the outside and inside! The décor is fantastic and on the casino side I found that majority of the staff was pleasant to deal with. I play mostly table games and all of the dealers were great this past weekend. The cocktail waitress's were fast and efficient as well. I encourage all locals to really come experience this at least once! Make the drive even if it's far from you! I originally came to go to the buffet that everybody has been telling me about, however ended up on the casino floor for a little bit. Now that I've been once I can't say that I'd be a regular but I will for sure return!When I learned that we would be staying at M Resort for our latest business trip, I was initially deflated. I'd visited the casino once, and while nice, I knew it was truly out of the way. Fortunately, M Resort defeated nearly all of my low expectations.Food was really solid all-around, and we ate everywhere:Vig Deli - Late night ham, cheese and egg sandwich was heavenly, though I was really starving after a long night.Anthony's Burgers - Breakfast here was also scrumptious, had the french toast, though the cran-orange-almond topping was a little too much. Came back for a beer on another night, enjoyed talking to the bar staff.Anthony's Steakhouse - The only so-so meal we had; not bad, but there are so many other places for a good steak in Vegas.Jayde Fuzion - Killer all-you-can eat sushi deal, sake included.Clearly they put time and effort into crafting appealing menus, and I didn't even get the chance to have their buffet, which is very famous locally but closes super early, 8pm!Service was exceptionally friendly and helpful all around, from the front desk to the valet and restaurant staff. You can tell they put an emphasis on it and it just made our stay that much more pleasant. My first night, the pillows were really really soft so I called and asked for firmer ones - they said they don't make a distinction but would try, and sure enough, the next evening I had four extremely firm pillows waiting for me.The rooms were very spacious, with impressively large bathrooms and comfortable beds. The mountain view toward California has its own charms, but views toward the Strip lights are of course better. The lighting above the bed was a little too harsh to lie under, so I had to use a side lamp and get up to turn it off. They also don't have outlets near the nightstand for phone charging, a small hotel pet peeve of mine in the "phone as an extension of our body" era.No resort fees, but if you want to use wi-fi ($15) and go to the fitness center ($15), you're at $30, basically a resort fee. I am hugely anti-resort fee, but it was interesting to see the shoe on the other foot; I only used wi-fi when I knew I needed to work on my computer, and I did calisthenics in my room. I would have preferred not to have to make the nickel and dime decisions at all, so maybe I'm just anti all fees. Free free free!While the restaurants, service, rooms, facilities, and no resort fees all work in M's favor, that doesn't get the hotel any closer to the Strip. It was relatively convenient to drive into town (15 minutes on the freeway, or a free shuttle to the Tropicana), but you don't really want to schlep back and forth, which explains why we ate on-site so often. It was a very quiet stay, okay because I was on business, but as a tourist, I like the action on the Strip! I'd say if you want the peace and quiet, only want to hit the Strip from time to time, or you come to Vegas frequently and like trying different hotels, definitely go for it.I was surprised to realize that I have never reviewed this place since I've been coming to the M for years. They opened around the same time my sister moved to Anthem and it the closest hotel to her place so I'll stay here when I come out for a visit if I don't want to be down on the strip. When they first opened they were a hot property but still fairly generous with the comps so we could get free or discounted rooms. Then when they changed management they weren't giving hardly any comps for slot players but now it seems they have changed again so hopefully I will start coming here more in the future. As long as it is not a holiday weekend their rates are not too bad anyway. Last weekend we paid $155 a night. I probably would not pay more than that because even though their rooms are very nice and the décor is modern and clean they don't really have many amenities and I don't care for their restaurants or pool area. They do have a spa but I've never been there. We usually go to gamble and when they first open we would always win at least a little but then the slots in the casino got very tight and so we stopped going. We will see what the latest management changes do.The M has everything you will want I love this place. The hostile grape bar is so special and the restaurants have such a variety from Italian to sushi to a steakhouse something for everyone there's also a spa that's great for locals and folks who are staying at the M. When you check in the entrance way is so special its 3 stories high and filled with plants. But if you have a sweet tooth the baby cakes store has ice cream and delicious pastries one of a kind and it's open 24 hours a day it doesn't get any better than that. I love the steak house I've been there several times and it's one of the best steaks I've ever had the service is exceptional and I know you will love it.Wonderful buffet.  We've eaten at this buffet many times and always agree that's it's one of the best.  Wine and beer are available at no extra charge.  Food is always fresh.  If you want variety, freshness, this is the place to go.The M casino spa and resort is located on the very south portion of Las Vegas Boulevard in Henderson. It's a very nice, probably 30 stories high with a great view of Las Vegas and a very nice surrounding area that they've constructed with trees and shrubs and bushes and greenery it's very nice and pleasant with areas that are shaded so you feel kind of like you're in a tropical oasis more than a desert. The rooms are beautiful five-star rooms the only complaint I had was their entertainment is a little dated I saw that Engel Humperdinck was playing and that's not really my cup of tea I'm looking for more of an ac/dc Rolling Stones mix. Nevertheless my time at the M Resort and Spa was pleasurable and it's pretty much like every other casino in Las Vegas only smaller and easier to navigate which for me is total bonus.Stayed for a conference. The room was large and very comfortable. Sometimes I have trouble sleeping in hotels. Not here. I wish the bathroom had a robe. (Did I miss it?)If you catch the times right, there's an airport and strip shuttle. The buffet was as good as everyone says, but it closes early.What a selection!!! Love the location at the way south end of the strip.  Very little traffic and good views.  Food was excellent if it had been a warmer temp would have given 5 star.  Would do again!!!Very nice, away from the strip though. Place looks very tropical.Casino is big, less smoky. Clean.I am very pleased to report that I have been playing M Casino for several months now without encountering any service issues on the casino floor. I am assuming that the new management (i.e., Penn National Gaming) must have focused on correcting operational procedures and employee attitudes. The cocktail service is now absolutely outstanding!!! The waitresses even remember your favorite drinks (Kudos to "Karem" and others). From what I can tell, they got rid of the surly floor men, and the smart-ass (IMHO) that used to run the player rewards center.  The current level of casino service rivals (or exceeds) that of any property on the strip (and the machines are somewhat looser than the casinos on the strip). I can't honestly upgrade my review to 5 stars because the property/facility itself is not quite on a par with the Wynn or the Cosmopolitan (etc.) but this is most certainly an excellent 4 star property!During my visit this past weekend, I had my 8 month old with me. I was a bit hesitant in bringing her with me just from the cigarette smoke pollution alone...and also knowing that most places were not baby friendly. I couldn't find a babysitter for the weekend and had no other choice.  Luckily, our room was booked for us at the M Resort.  It's about 15 miles away from the strip, so close enough to easily drive in and far enough to stay away from the strip madness. The hotel itself was spacious, modern and super clean.  The elevators to the rooms were away from the casino and near the entrance so that I never had to take my daughter through the casino. The room itself (double queen) was a good size with updated furniture and bathrooms.  Bathrooms were pretty large with a nice lighted vanity mirror and even a rain showerhead. Staff was super friendly and accommodating. The casino was pretty quiet compared to the ones on the strip.  The dealers were friendly and nice.Unfortunately, it was raining this weekend so we didn't get to check out the pool.  We saw that there were lounge chairs inside the pool...too bad we couldn't check that out. Next time.I would definitely stay here again.Very clean... Staff was helpful and buffet was very clean. A nice switch from the Vegas strip. We didn't stay there so I can't say how the rooms were, but by the looks of everything else I'd say only the best things.I've come here many times with my family and have always had an excellent experience. Today is the first day ever I've had to complain.  I visit the pool every month because locals are free before noon and weekends are $10 all day. What a steal! My son and husband were playing in the pool all day so I ordered a cheese quesadilla appetizer and 2 ice waters. They've always given  ice waters out without problems in the past. The server, Ashley, comes about 20-30 minutes with our order...no utensils...and two plastic cups of water. No ice. I asked where is the ice? She tells me...she's actually not supposed to serve ice waters at all bc they're complimentary and I'm actually supposed to get them myself at the bar so that's what I should do if I want ice ( By the way, I'm 9 months pregnant). Oh, and no straws. Hm...ok..so I said alright...perhaps the rules have changed. No problem. Paid $11 for our $8.60 bill. Then she leaves for a second and returns to tell me she can bring me some ice on her way back. When she returns I give her another $1. Another waitress comes by later, she was so much nicer. Unfortunately I didn't get her name. She had long brown hair. Anyway, I pre-tipped her $2 and asked for 2 ice waters. She returned in about 5 minutes with 2 iced water with straws. No questions or comments about her doing me a "favor". It's not that big of a deal but I was disappointed. Now I'm curious as to what the real rules are since never before in the past years have I had an issue.This is my new favorite off-strip hotel. Just wish it weren't located across the street from the California border. Okay, I'm exaggerating just a bit, but it's definitely far.The decor in the lobby is absolutely beautiful, such wonderful architectural work. I felt very welcomed as I was promptly greeted by the front desk agent. She was more than helpful and very polite as she answered all of my questions and took her time to explain to me the layout of the hotel.My room was very spacious (550 sq.ft.) unlike most hotels that average 350 sq.ft. Enjoyed the floor to ceiling windows with a mountain view. My children thought that the window looking into the bathtub was hilarious. Fortunately, you can pull down the shades for privacy. Loved the tub and the toiletries.Overall, my family was very pleased with our stay!Great sized room, amazing bathroom, nice views, friendly staff.  Only downside is that you have to pay for WiFi.I am right up the hill, so this is so close to me but most of you Las Vegas ppl this resort casino is at the end of the planet. That's how I feel about Red Rock and Summerlin! It's all good though :)A few things I like about this casino are the M buffet, Baby Cakes, Anthony's Prime Rib and Anthony's burgers.... Ok it's all food related, I see. If you follow me on Yelp then you get me! If you don't, add me ;). I've never had an issue at any of the restaurants and they always seem to be reasonably priced for the quality of food and service. Parking is great here too as there is plenty of it especially in the multi-level parking garage. The ambience of the M is super stylish and trendy. It is clean and up to date, very nice for a local casino off the Strip.I have not stayed in one of the rooms but my best friend did last year with her toddler and husband. I visited them and had room service while there. From what I observed, the rooms were very up to date and clean. My friends are very (x100) picky and they liked the room immensely! So you can take their word for it ;).So if for some reason life brings you to the other end of Las Vegas Strip, stop by the M. The buffet is one of the best in LV, another thing I am grateful for!What a beautiful building! I didn't have a room here, I just ate at studio B. When we were waiting in the 'VIP' line, we noticed a lot of other people in the same line. It kind of defeats the purpose of having a line for special customers if you let everyone go through it. When we finally get to the register we tell her the name of the wedding party who reserved an area she says the person paying hasn't got there yet so we can't go in. This is horrible customer service and starts with a bad impression. I was aggravated, embarrassed, and I felt bad for the people behind us who were waiting while this lady got management for us. Just horrible. The food was acceptable but not anything that left me thinking it was amazing. The oysters didn't seem fresh at all. Overall not the greatest buffet. The servers and the wine lady were great though! They were our silver lining for sure! However, the actual casino is great and parking was super easy!!WOW! These donuts are just delightful!  I took my 7-year old niece there yesterday and was flabbergasted!   The large selection of donuts, the hot, mostly-tasty coffee, and the cleanliness of the store made it a very pleasant experience.Their long-johns are the longest long-johns i've ever seen!  they even have what i think are Texas donuts, not quite as big as my head, but close. The featured 'donut-flavor of the month' is blueberry.  I'm not a fan of blueberry, but I'd be interested in trying a new flavor every month.  My only criticism: it looks like they had an early rush & ran out of the more popular flavors.  Maybe there was a city-wide craving for chocolate sourcream donuts?Can't wait to go back!i love you lamar whoever you are. Discovered these donuts after a co-worker brought a box of a dozen or so into the office.  I couldn't stop myself and am embarassed to admit i ate 3 and probably would've had another if they hadn't disappeared. think the coworkers thought i was eating for two as they laughed in disbelief that all 100lbs of me didn't even bother making excuses. didn't care as i was in heaven. homer simpson wouldve gone mad for these and i'm still kicking myself for not saving 1 for later. If i ate 2 or 3 of the krispy or dunkin i probably would've keeled over.  These donuts look like generic supermarket ones but after you bite into them you realize krispy kreme and dunkin are no match.  There's only 1 location in Arizona but if you love donuts you've got to try these.They are great, great place, great food, great owners.I'm not really the biggest doughnut fan but hey, every so often I want one.  The price of Krispy Kreme scares me away.  The ghettoness of Dunkin Donuts scares me away from there.  Lamars has good deals and great quality.  I really like that their selection is always different.  Went there before the election and they had special McCain and Obama pastries.  There are always plenty of employees so the wait is never bad and it is right off the freeway so it is convenient.  Can't say I'd go anywhere else.A co-worker brought this into work one Friday... I became an instant fan. I am not big on sweet or donuts but this place is sooo good. The donuts are huge and they taste homemade not commercial like Crispy Kreme. I order the manager's dozen for work for Fridays.One of my coworkers brings Lamar's donuts in every couple of weeks. They are AMAZING. Besides being abnormally large, they are also really delicious. My favorite is their BOSTON CREAM.Great place, good donuts, I'm not even a donut person. This place is right across the street from us so it is really convenient for us to get a quick breakfast and some coffee. I usually get the Cinnamon roll cause its the size of a Frisbee and dunk it in coffee. They have a pretty good selection of donuts and coffee, really beats the hell out of krispy kreme.I don't eat a lot of donuts, so I don't have a huge amount of donut "experience" from which to draw. As a side note - I just don't give out 5 stars loosly. In fact I rarly give anyone 5 Stars. 5 Stars to me means everything was above and beyond my expectations. Lamar's is donuts done the way donuts should be. Which is why I didn't give them 5 Stars.There's not much more to say - every flavor they make is delicious - I don't even know if I could pick a favorite.  They are all absolutely delicious (They are not overly sweet like Krispy Kreme ).  I prefer them greatly over Krispy Kreme and of course any grocery store donuts. Let me tell you why we recently stopped here to get some donuts. I was watching a TV called "Shark Tank" .  Shark Tank is an American reality TV series. The show features a panel of "potential investors", called "sharks", who consider offers from "aspiring entrepreneurs" seeking investments for their business or product. The entrepreneur or "contestant" can make a deal on the show if a panel member is interested. I saw a a compay on the show called Tom+Chee. They serve all kinds of grilled cheese sandwiches and old fashioned tomato soup. Anyway the featured a Grilled Cheese Donut ( a glazed donut cooked kije tou would any other grilled cheese sandwich. I was intrigued  by this thus the need to visit Lamar's Donut Shop. Plus I needed a large sized donut and Lamar's are bigger than most other donuts. By the way the donut grilled cheese sandwich we made was a little to sweet for my liking but everyone else who tried it, loved it.FOOD:  Just what you would expect from a fantasic donut shop - delicious.

I have gotten acrylic nails done here twice now, and I was completely happy both times. My only complaint at all is that they are a tad bit overpriced.

We will defiantly be back. This place is awesome.I LOVED the Artisan! First things first is I fell in love with the smell of the place.  Smells so good you don't want to leave. I am an artist so i appreciated the decor and loved the ambiance.   I had dinner with a friend-nobody greeted us so we sat ourselves.  Wes was our server and he was GREAT!  The only negatives I have is that they were out of a lot of products-wine especially.  Wes made some good recommendations so we tried what he suggested and made do... They were also out of some food items so we had to switch courses.  We got the filet-which was fantastic but slightly overcooked.  The lobster mac and cheese was to die for!  I will definetly dine here again and next time will stay in the hotel.  I heard the after hours bar is an awesome place to hang out so i will be going back.I can only speak for the bar, on an off night, on a week day..:) I went there for a drink/ a cup of coffee, with the place nearly deserted, it was the exact vibe I was in the mood for. It's dark, it's artistic, it's plush, and you want to melt into the space. There's outdoor seating as well, that's equally inviting. I hear it gets pretty packed during nights and weekends, and I may not like it as much. But I'd recommend going there on the worst night, and hang out with a friend or two, or even take a date there. Great vibe, great atmosphere, Love it!I love going to The Artisan!  Even when it's a slower night, there's usually still great music.  I like the vibe and the ambiance it's very artsy.  When it is crowded though, I like going outside to the patio area and chill and talk.  The patio is well lit with lots of little lights wrapped around the trees. I LOVE IT!The drinks are okay for the most part, usually there's way too much ice, but still there's usually no lines to get in, no fees to pay extra and it's not overpriced so I don't complain too much.It's the only place that I feel normal because I'm still up at 5am and everyone there is wide awake too lol!! I love the artisan but the drink prices are stupid.What an awesome property this place is. If you enjoy the Haunted Mansion ride at Disney, this spot will so be right up your alley. Walking in, I felt like I had just been transported to that ride. Or perhaps a game of Clue. Or... However you want to put it, this place has some serious atmosphere and ambiance. If nothing else, just stop in here to take a look around.Unfortunately, like its counterpart Rumor, parking can be quite an issue. On a busy night, you basically have no choice but to valet. And the wait for a valet attendant to come give you a ticket thing can be quite long.The lounge / bar / club / whatever you want to call it can be quite loud. It does, though, have a decent vibe to it.Mood - the 24/7 restaurant - is actually off to the side once you enter the lounge / bar / club / whatever you want to call it. Can't say I was blown away by my Mood dining experience, but it is a cool spot and the food was tasty.And be sure to poke your head into the chapel if you can - it's pretty awesome too.So yeah, I'm a fan.Great local spot.  Very cool bar and restaurant.  Nice patio etc.  Great hotel as well.  Awesome spot to hang out.Loved the Artistic theme! Also the smell of the place was heavnly! Super Hip and chill vibe.  Had dinner with a friend - the food was AHHH-MAZING!  The only negative i can say about having dinner there was that they were out of almost everything, from wine to veggiesThe hotel is very cute and trendy. The entire place is covered with artwork. The lighting is very dim and creepy, which was cool. Its not the typical Vegas style hotel. The club is pretty cool and actually plays some good music. The staff was really cool and friendly. The only downside is its far away from the strip (about $15). There's no casino or convenient stores in the lobby which might come in handy if you want to buy water. There was no separate room for the shower which made getting ready a little difficult. The a/c shut off every 5 minutes. There were only 2 outlets in the room in the most random places. There was no fridge or microwave.Looks like a spooky, haunted mansion.

Nigiri: not a number, but fun to say, and I thoroughly enjoyed my yellowtail and fatty salmon ones ($3-4 apiece).Waitress Sophia was so pleasant!  Glad Yelp tipped me off to yet another fine establishment.  Last note: you won't find street parking on Green St.  Look on the side streets, but make sure you have coins to feed the meters!I was waiting for a ramen shop to open up my entire time in undergrad at U of I, so when I came back to visit and heard that one finally opened up (my friends tell me the one across the street doesn't count), I had to check it out.  Came here for lunch with 3 friends on Saturday.  Even though it was mom's weekend, the restaurant was only about half full.  I ordered the tonkotsu ramen.  My expectations were definitely low, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The broth was flavorful and the ingredients seemed fresh.  It wasn't perfect, although admittedly this is just nitpicking.  The noodles were slightly overcooked so they didn't have the springy texture that ramen noodles should, and there were some noodles that were clumped together from overcooking.  The meat wasn't as tender as it should be, although it was not tough by any means.  The most disappointing thing was that the egg was a simple hard boiled egg rather than the soy sauce eggs you typically find in ramen.Sakanaya is one of the few saving grace sushi restaurants in Champaign. It's got a very modern and relaxed atmosphere which is perfect for a cozy dinner.

Geno's                                                           or                                                   PUDGE'S

-Ecstasy Roll

Great service too!

GREAT wine listOutstanding cheeses

That's right, three floors of awesome! Each floor is open at a different hours of the day, and different floors serve different specialty cocktails. The third level is open in the mornings, the second level opens at 6pm, and the bottom level (casino floor level) is always open!Drinks & Pricing:

Old TV's in the room (no LCD)

I enjoyed the the food selection, ranging from salads, pastas, prime rib, turkey, all the fixings, mediterrenean, indian and japanese.

Ok BTW Why do we always get these bad ass cocktail waitresses...Sigh....GIGGIDY!

Very clean

My colleagues and I were fifteen minutes late to our reservation, but were seated quickly: first at the bar to wait for our booth, and then at the booth. 1/3 of the restaurant is table seating, 1/3 is bar seating, and 1/3 is booth seating; it's not a particularly large space. I'm fully committed to the "eat every carbohydrate that your health-conscious peers shy away from" diet in 2016: I ordered arancini, the caprese bruschetta, and the funghi pizza.

Lobster mac n cheese with Ritz cracker crumb crust!  Nummmy!

Miscellaneous rambling - restaurants in Old Town Montreal post a member of their team at the door to welcome (entice?) you in. A nice touch and quite effective.This was my first time eating at this location in the Old City, I had previously eaten at their downtown location several years back so I new what to expect, or did I? For a starter I ordered escargot stuffed mushroom caps with garlic herb butter which I have had in countless locations but nothing like this, the mushrooms and snails worked perfectly together and the garlic butter herbs was more of a rich emulsion, thick, decadent and a flavor that will have you swooning. My Salad was mixed field greens, garden vegetables with a vinaigrette and I asked for goat cheese and walnuts. The dressing didn't have quite enough vinegar for me but I had a lemon wedge from my water which took care of that, still and all, it was a wonderful fresh nicely presented green salad. The Keg is known for it's Canadian beef, especially It's Baseball Cut Top Sirloin which I had not had before, so I ordered it cooked rare with garlic mashed potatoes and green beans. This cut of meat is so thick it can only be guaranteed rare or a medium rare without burning the out side, so don't try to order it any other way. It was cooked to a perfect rare with all the tenderness of a Filet Mignon and the wonderful intense beefy flavor of a sirloin. The garlic mashed potatoes were perfect along with the green beans. This was a very good steak dinner and the escargot...well you will have to go and see for yourself because words are woefully inadequate to describe this rich garlicky buttery herb flavored delightful escargot preparation!!!The host started the evening well when he chose a lovely table for us by the window. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. I must eat gluten-free and they had a special menu available with plenty of choices. Good wine selection. Now the food! You go for the steak, right? I mean, it's a Canadian steakhouse. My blackened sirloin was delicious-perfectly cooked, spicy, with herb butter melting on top. I devoured every bite. Considering the exchange rate, this steak was well worth the price. My husband had the scallops wrapped in bacon and enjoyed them a lot; the Caesar salad was standard. They have two mini desserts that are right sized for a sweet bite at the end of the meal, though the mango creme brulee didn't impress...too thick and not enough sugar brulee on top. Overall, we would eat here again for the steak, wine, location, and great service!Came here for lunch on a quiet Friday afternoon and had a lovely experience.They had a great lunch special for $15- app (soup or salad), entree Steak, chix or veg and dessert- crew brûlée or choc mousse.What a great DEAL! Portions were also very generous. Food was very good. Steak and fries were yummy and cooked perfectly. Broccoli soup very good.Desserts- we got 1 of each. Both were delicious!!

But the food is amazing! Super flavorful chicken grilled up before your eyes, surprisingly cheap too. If you're adventurous, enjoy tasty food, and don't want to break the bank, check El Pollo out.It was very good! Had the Combo Plate-- wish the beans were refried but still good.This place is simple and delicious.A true hole-in-the-wall, El Pollo Supremo offers fresh, hot chicken and beef by the quarter-lb. The food is cheap and you get a whole lot of it. You can even see the cooks in the back grilling mounds of tri-tip and loads of chicken from the counter. The sides to pair with your meat and tortillas are plentiful and flavor, and the food here just tastes authentically mesquite.I do really wish that I could use real utensils here, but unfortunately you only receive plastic. The fact that this place is cash-only is unsurprising, as it seems that all these people really care about is making good food and lots of it. As you can imagine, this place's atmosphere is a bit of an afterthought.In spite of the negatives, I'll definitely be returning. Anywhere this cheap and tasty is worth going back to.I was in the mood for tacos on a Sunday and my regular taco spot was closed.  Yes there were two open taco places between my apartment and el Pollo Supremo but they are for when I'm being lazy and want tacos, not when I want good tacos.  So I put tacos into Yelp and el Pollo Supremo was the closest place that came up that I hadn't been to before.  So I drive over, step inside, and get smacked with the realization that Yelp lied to me.  I had a choice to make, eat here or go find tacos.  Tacos would have to wait another day.  In some ways I'm glad that Yelp lied to me.  I probably never would have even stopped in this plaza let alone this restaurant.  The food was great for what it was.I'm a local. Been going here for years. We just call it "red chicken". Love this little place! Everything is delicious and cheap.Cash only!Was About the Reef the most pristine aquarium store I have been to? No, that would be Aqua Touch. But About the Reef has a number of things going for it. First, they have a more interesting selection of fish than I have seen at most Valley stores, and the prices seem to be quite good. They did not have much live rock when we went today, but they did have some premium pieces with "bonus" corals on them. They have a decent selection of books and magazines, tanks (with lots of custom options), chemical kits, and refrigerated and frozen food. The most impressive of their corals were not for sale, unfortunately, but they had a decent variety of smaller ones. One of the best things About the Reef has going for it is service. Chris was fantastic, and was able to answer everyone's questions in detail about every aspect of reef tanks. It's clear this young man is a professional, not a college kid or casual hobbyist. He also gave me great information about how to save my beloved "special needs" crab Olive, who has cartoonish pop-eyes and a missing claw. We will definitely be returning to About the Reef soon.I really like this place. I found it while bored one Sunday with my Mom. We never knew this place existed before! It isn't the most striking place I've ever been to, but they do have some unsual critters there. Tons of tanks and a lot of custom-made options, huge freezer food selection and there is a whole room dedicated just to live rock. They even have a baby shark there!If it was my store, the place could use a lot of work appearance wise, but the great customer service makes up where they are lacking.I've bought food for my 2 cats here.  A small place with nice people.  They have nice people there, and they'll take the big bag or package of cans of food out to your car.  They have good selection on better pet food (grain-free Innova Evo, etc.), dry and canned.  I also bought a powdered vitamin supplement for animals.  I'm giving them 4 stars because they don't have any of the frozen raw foods.  Because of that, I'm going to Sunflower Pet Supply now, which is closer to my house (Tempe Feed & Tack was close to my workplace).  Not sure about cat litter, but I don't remember seeing cat or dog carriers.  Don't quote me on that one - just call first.I'd give Tempe Feed & Tack five stars for their decent selection of dog food and about 3 for horse stuff.  For the pups, they carry Wellness Fish and Sweet Potato formula; a somewhat hard to find formula that our New Orleans rescue needs for his sensitive stomach.  The staff always helps me carry out the bags, which is nice improvement over big box pet store service.  All in all, a nice basic shop for the dogs.For horses, they carry mostly western, trail oriented supplies.  They seem to have a decent supply of supplements and feed.  You might be able to pick up a few things in a pinch, but I'd suggest going to a tack shop for any kind of tack.I notice that most of the ratings are five stars, and I was torn between four and five. Still, I wouldn't say this awesome store is as good as it gets, please forgive me.I really enjoy coming to this place. My mother has several chickens (as pets) and I sometimes need to pick up some feed for her. This place is pretty good in my book. It has a variety of natural and organic chicken feed and comes in different packaging sizes. The family that runs this place has always been helpful when I drop by. They ask what I might be looking into and quickly point me in the right direction.The shop is pretty small and is pretty crowded (though it's clean) with stuff and that is a good thing in my opinion. I get the feeling they want people in and out (having 20 people mill around would be just too crowded). They ask what you need, ask if you have any questions, and give me what I came for. One of the reasons I like this place is that everyone seems to be goal oriented and time conscious.One other thing. The guys here, actually carry the feed to my car every time. Awesome.great pizza by the slice.  I really don't know why this place isn't more popular, it is quite good pizza!For my money, this is the best pizza in Tempe. If the world was fair, this place would be as popular as Oregano's, although it is tiny. This family-run restaurant is very simple but friendly. The pizza is the main attraction here and it is the thin-crust type featuring excellent sauce. Although they have gourmet-style pizzas, I have always had great success just going for the basics: plain or with mushroom. Although I have never tried the calzones, they look and smell tasty. Once or twice my slices have come slightly more burnt on the crust than I usually like, but I even find this a nice quirk. I've grown to appreciate that type of style now. Warning though, the slices come out piping hot!Otto's daughters are fucking hot. I'm a straight lady and they may or may not be of age. But those girls are cuuuuute. Sometimes they dance to '80s and indie pop mix tapes in the back, too. So, you know, if that's your thing, that's gotta be worth at least a star. Oh, what, you wanted to know about the pizza? It's fucking delicious. It's all thin-crusted and fresh and crispy. For by-the-slice, it blows Slices out of the water. It's also simple -- no Oregano's BS toppings (for the record, I like Oregano's pizza, too. But sometimes you don't want no rosemary-potato-goat cheese concoction; you just want pepperoni and some red pepper flakes).The calzones and pizza rolls are enormous and full of warm goodness.Their soda comes with crushed ice. Fuck you if you don't know why that's awesome. With girls that cute and pizza that good, Otto better watch out.I wanted to try this place for a while, but they close at 9 everyday and I only crave pizza usually after a beer or two.Made it for lunch because of Nick's $5.06 lunch and was pleasantly suprized by the Za.  The place is very, very simple.  I expected a more boutique pizza, but for the money this is good thin crust pizza with a tangy sauce and good cheese.  They could dress it up a bit, but then it wouldn't be so cheap!  I will go back and try the baked sandwiches and calzones soon.This was such a great pizzeria; the very thin and crispy crust. The pizza by the slice is an inexpensive and delicious way to go. Twice now in the last two weeks I have been there. I think next time I am going for their large calzones. Make sure to take advantage of their pizza by the slice with soda specials, there are great.For some reason, every time I am craving ravioli and am willing to trek the massive two miles over here, it's a damn Sunday and this place is closed.  Ah well.Everything I've eaten here has been delicious.  Pizza, calzones, sandwiches, ravioli, salad.. it's a real winner.  Another small, locally owned establishment that will have my business for as long as we're both around.Given the number of trips I've made to Cartel Coffee Lab, it's a little embarrassing to admit that I didn't know Otto's even existed before yesterday.  Thanks to my good friend Austin, however, I not only know where this place is, but had a decent meal out of the experience too.Otto's pizza is good. Big slices, decent quality toppings and all served hot. I didn't see anything sitting under a warming lamp.The slice and drink deals are great. Two big, fresh slices and and a soda was $5 and some change. I'm certain to venture Otto's again; they have a big menu to select from and I'm looking forward to trying out their other offerings.Bottom line, Otto's won't blow you away, but it will satisfy your hunger and will be a place you want to return to.I am so glad that my friend from South Philly reminded me that I needed to put in a few good words regarding Otto's Pizza.  I really thought I had done that right after I ate my two slices of peperoni and sausage with extra oregano!  Was I dreaming about the review I was gonna write because it transported me back to Center City Philly back in the early '80s when I was a wee lass looking for lunch while loitering just off Locust and Broad?  Surely, I would recall the lovely floppiness of this pizza and all its juiciness?  And I really don't care that there is hardly anywhere to sit to eat it because I practically consumed it with my senses the moment it was handed to me over the counter!  And why am I not giving this pizza a five star rating?  Not sure...but maybe I did in my imaginary previous Yelp.  I need to comment on the salads here too.  All nice and fresh and well portioned.  I know they make other things here too but, I clearly could not get past the great slices there to have even remembered to actually Yelp.  All is reasonable and homestyle.  You will NOT be disappointed!If you are in the mood for pizza this is possibly the best pizza, no it is the best pizza that I have had thus far from tempe.  This is a five star if Tempe was the only place in arizona.They have amazing pizza that does not taste like a piece of hot cardboard with tomato past and a sad excuse for cheese.  Unlike other pizza places the owners are some real italians and keeps the company in the family.Recommendation: To anyone living in tempe and enjoys a REAL pizza.Their hours overall are kind of sucky.  Like, I don't think they're open on Sunday.  I love pizza on Sunday.  Oh, how I do.  Sunday is my lazy day (I don't do shit!), so having a nice piece of pizza pie while I dutifully color an Aladdin coloring book or watch MST3K flat on my back is great.They're also not open very late.  If you only want Otto's on a Friday night, you're fucked.However, they are very good.  I love their pizza.  I love it.  I ate there not too long ago and the pizza was not nearly as good as it was in the past, but it was a fluke, thank God.  It's not pizza that's going to be world famous, but there's a certain and specific taste to the crust, the cheese, the toppings... I don't know what.  It's taste made for me and I want to have a large pizza made for me, the size of a car, baked all around me, and I want to eat my way out of it.Also, I love their desserts.The first few years I was eating at this place, I just ate cheese pizza.  When I try a pizza place for the first time, I just get a slice of cheese to see how it is before adding anything.  I fell in love with the plain cheese!  It took me a long time to upgrade to toppings, which I eventually did.My point is, if a pizza place makes a cheese pizza that you can eat over and over again, they are doing something right!I have had many items on the menu, and everything has been great.I like to sit out front at the couple of tables on the sidewalk.  It is on ASH right next to Casey's, so it is an interesting corner to relax and people watch.Otto's is a gem of Tempe. Great ingredients make great pizza and sandwiches. You may have heard that from some other pizza place, that's because they are trying to convince you of something. At Otto's they wouldn't even think to mention their ingredients because you have no question whether or not this is good food!Their Chicken Parmigiana is divine. Simply one of the tastiest I've had here in AZ. Excellent sauce, tender chicken, great cheese...leaves you wishing there were more but unable to figure what you'd do with it.Get Pizzas delivered or to eat there for a group or by the slice for yourself. For dessert try one of their excellent pastries and cakes, it is in the name for a reason!This is a great local pizza spot. It is not too small, yet not too big either. The pizza is great too. I can fill myself up and never feel stuffed or guilty for eating a 14 inch pie by myself. The veggie pizza is my favorite. The owner is a great man and he even has family working there as well. This is one of my favorite pizza places.Good pizza, great steak sandwich, reasonable prices. Big pet peeve, charging for soda refills. Free refills are expected, and the norm at restaurants with soda fountains. Pisses me off when restaurants post the "$.50 for refill" sign on the fountain. Otherwise, they have limited seating, food is ordered at the counter, and their hours seem somewhat limited.So.... this place has some seriously tasty pizza. I picked up a pizza from here the other day and it was very good, it was a saucy pizza, which is the way I prefer it, and the sauce was very flavorful, a little sweet, but not too sweet. The crust also had a lot of flavor and was the perfect golden brown color. Oh, and be sure to visit their website and look at the coupons, there are some great deals! We got a 16 inch pepperoni for 12$ and had half a pizza left over to eat the next day. Yum. I will definitely be back.... and to try the pastry one of these days.... mmmmOtto's has some very good pizza. I tend to order pineapple as the only topping, and sometimes it just doesn't mesh well with the flavours in their default cooking methods, but the cheese went well with the pineapple. It was also well-textured in that melted way. It was a little greasier than I would have liked, but the flavour of the cheese and the sauce both compensated well. The crust was crunchy and flavourful- sometimes very difficult to find in this area.I ate from delivery, so I can't tell you anything about the location. Delivery only took 20-30 minutes.I'm gonna have to side with the 4+ star folks on this one.There really just *IS* something about the pizza that makes it tasty.  I couldn't identify what it was, but it just TASTES GOOD, and that's what pizza should do, right?We had a sausage and onion, and they use red onions, a nice touch.  Everything tasted fresh and the hot wings were pretty darn good too - not too hot and not too fatty.They are on the EAST side of the building.  I walked all the way around before I found them.Definitely going to put them in my pizza rotation for Tempe area.This was my second time here and the calzone was great just as the first time. The place is cozy and the girl working there is very courteous.The pictures made this place look REALLY REALLY good. I'm a little bewildered that my pizza didn't look as good as the photos. Actually, I'm a little disappointed, because I am really into greasy pizza and this pizza was quite the opposite, I suppose my fiancee would be into this place.I also ordered a dozen 'hot' wings, which were pretty interesting. No hot sauce, they seemed to have been just dusted with some spices. It wasn't amazing, and it wasn't bad, just slightly above average.Overall, I liked the pizza, it was pretty good. The crust was simply amazing, the edges were fluffy in the inside and just crusty enough on the outside. The middle of the crust was well done, and extremely thin, but at the same time you could fold it over without having to worry about making a mess. The only complains I have is that the pizza was a little dry, both the sauce and the nongreasiness of the cheese. I'll be back to see if it can get better, because I think this place has a lot of potential.Otto's is awesome. I actually surprised they arent busier than they are. My hubby always has a slice, I always (and I do mean ALWAYS) get the chicken croissant. So so good. and super cheap! The staff is always super super nice.My only complaint is that theyre closed on Sundays.Great pizza! Two slices and a soda for 6 bucks. You can sit outside and smoke to.Nom nom nom.  Sorry...too busy eating my yummy pizza to write a more detailed review!!  LOVE that they have veggie pizza by the slice!!!!!I made an order for delivery one evening and was impressed with this pizza.  I liked the crust and the sauce and the toppings tasted fresh.  I have tried many places for pizza in Tempe and this one is up there with the best ones.We ordered from Otto for dinner today, and I'd have to say that I am pleasantly surprised. The delivery was quick (they said they would be here in 30 and made it in 22 minutes), and the pizza was still warm. I like the crust, it's nice and fluffy but still crispy. The delivery guy was nice as well! Only giving four star right now because this is our first time ordering from here.Went there for the first time. I got a couple of pepperoni & jalapeno slices and a lg drink at a good price. It was under $7 Really good pie! I would definitely go back again.My favorite crust in town! It's perfectly chewy and crispy at the same time. I lived in NYC for a while and I would chose this over Grimaldis or any other "New York style" pizza any day! Always friendly, and always fresh!Good pizza! Grabbed 2 slices and a drink for $5.25 lunch special.  Slices weren't huge but not small either.  Soft foldable slices.This place quickly earned a spot in my weekly lunchtime rotation. I've had the meat pizza roll and a slice of the Otto Frankfurter pizza and both were tasty. The quality of the pizza is solid and they've got a nice, crispy crust that's not too thick. They do sell slices of all their pizzas (see uploaded photos for prices) and I appreciate having a nearby pizza joint where I can get a slice and a drink for $5 or less. Thanks, Otto! I'll be back soon.Finally found a great tasting slice in Tempe. Gus's, Slices, and all the other typical Tempe spots taste great after your fourth Long Island but when I want real slice of pizza for people who know what that means I go to Otto's. Perfectly located next to Cartel for homework, Casey Moore's for drinks and Ash Ave Comics for fun. I haven't tried anything but the slices and that's ok with me. Never had delivery or a whole pie either. If you're from a place where a good slice is important then you should try Otto's. Close enough to Mill that it's worth the walk and next door to Casey's if you just want to grab a slice for your beer.This is the ONLY pizza place in Tempe as far as I'm concerned. Great crust, sauce and cheese. They do skimp on the toppings but they serve Frank's hot sauce. So that is a huge plus. I freggin' love that stuff.The pizza here is amazing and the specials are a great deal! Maleka is always so helpful and nice when we come in. This is definitely our first choice of pizza every time.Pretty good pepperoni & cheese pizzas. Tiramisu & chocolate mousse were alright. Delivered quickly to local hotel. Even returned with ranch dressing for the wings, which were very good!As an eastern transplant, I've been desperate to find a good slice in Tempe. This is it. I can't tell you how many places I've tried to find a good slice and found soggy, flavorless cardboard made purely for Mill Ave drunks. This is not that kind of slice. A lot of people have recommended other places to me but for location next to Casey Moore's, Cartel, Ash Comics, and Mill Ave bars (don't go to Slices if it's early and you actually like pizza) this place is awesome. A good slice exists in Tempe!The food is good. The have multiple specials, all under $8. They give you tons of food. The dough is good and light. Very happy.A family owned pizza place that could be right out of Naples as it is owned by a true Italian family. The pizza is great and you can see right into the kitchen where you order and you can see everything is crafted by hand. I split a pizza last week with a friend and it was delicious - a safe place to come eat if you want to avoid a huge drink bill as they don't serve alcohol - feel free to adjust your drinking to before or after your visit - just a nice place for good food and a chat with friends.:-)Ottos has been around as long as I can remember and has always had the best taste and best deals on slices They also deliver so you can get that deliciousness at home I prefer the restaurant Go to Casey's after a some hot 'za"Wonderful Crispy Crust!!!"Based on a recommendation I stopped in at Otto's for pizza today. I arrived just as they opened and there were no other customers at that point. The young lady behind the counter greeted me with a smile as I entered. I could see Otto behind her by the oven, and was glad he was making my pizza today. There is no table service, so you order at the counter. I placed my order to eat there, and picked a table to sit at. My half Otto's Veggie and half Otto Philly pizza was brought to me fairly quickly, and it looked delicious! The toppings looked fresh, it was piping hot, and the pizza crust around the edges looked puffy, crisp and light. I decided to start with the Otto's Veggie side of the pizza.The crust was light and crisp and thin - even at the center of the pizza! I don't recall ever having a crust like it. It was delicious! Beyond the crust, the balance of toppings was perfect, and the flavor was wonderful. When I finally ate my way to the puffy crispy crust at the edge, it was marvelous. That's the part I don't usually eat, but this was so good that I had to eat it. The Otto's Philly side of the pizza was just as good as the Veggie side, with a nice balance of toppings. By the time I was having my third slice, I noticed that there was a line of customers from the counter all the way back to the door. I had been so absorbed with my pizza that I hadn't noticed them. It was a good move to arrive when they first opened because there are only a few tables, and most everyone was eating there rather than ordering to go. With only Otto and one counter person working, I had to wait until everyone in line had placed their orders to be able to ask for a box to take the rest of my pizza with me. I think that the next time I'll ask to have it served in the box so that when I'm ready to leave, I'm all set and don't have to wait.All in all, I had a great lunch. I'd like to try some of the other items on the menu.Great pizza, I've had the otto white pizza with italian sausage, it was the BOMB. Today I had a calzone with pepperoni, mushrooms, and onion, which was delicious. The calzone is HUGE, basically takes up a med pizza box, but they serve it with like an ounce or marinara sauce which is silly, especially if your sharing, so order extra! This place is legit.The inside of the actual restaurant looks like a total hole-in-the-wall.. in a sort of charming way. I felt like an adventurous hipster eating at some unknown Tempe secret (I later learned that everybody gets Otto's, they just don't dine-in). I've only had the sandwiches, but they're deliciously greasy and REAL tasting, like you're getting them from some grungy New York diner. It's also a nice quiet spot if you want to avoid the chatter of other humans for a while.They had huge calzones that are tasty. Not your typical calzones as they Marinara sauce in side. They are basically a folded pizza, and they are very good. I would absolutely order pizza from here based off their calzone. I had the Otto Calzone with Pepperoni, Pineapple and Jalapenos. The sauce and dough was good. The I like my pizza dough to be a little thick, and it was, just the right amount. Pineapple and Jalapenos were from a can. It was good though. Fresh veggies and it would had been better. Small mom and pop feel inside, not a lot of room to sit and eat. I had my calzone to go.An excellent place to stop if you are in the Tempe/ASU area.  Their Gyro's are overflowing with some of the best Gyro meat I've tasted in AZ.The only reason it isn't a 5 star for me is the distance.  I live in the North West Valley, and it's a conscious, planned decision to go there.ASU Students rejoice. You have one of the cheapest, best tasting Mediterranean food joints in AZ right on your back doorstep!FOOD: This place has some pretty good Middle Eastern food. The hummus was awesome, and the shawermas are always tasty. You get a lot of food on your plate. The meat is actually tasty, as opposed to a lot of places that just throw the some tasteless meat into the shawerma. If you want to try some good low-priced Middle Eastern food, this is the place to come. PRICE: Pretty cheap for all that you get. You can definitely spend under $10. ATMOSPHERE: I love the setup of this place! The restaurant is at the side of a small market that sells all types of Middle Eastern ingredients, foods, and snacks. If you enjoy what you eat in the dining area, walk five feet into the aisles and find the required ingredients! This place is actually run by Middle Easterners, not sure which nationality, but it feels authentic and not too Americanized. SERVICE: No complaints, but not the most outgoing or warm service.SKINNY: Go to Haji-Baba! If not to eat, then to shop for food! Great place for lunch.I ate here today for the first time since I was an ASU student long ago - it was as good as I remember. Better, because i have a more sophisticated palette now.The hummus was yummus.The baba ghanooj nearly made me spooj.The tabouli ruled me.I love the olives. Real olives. Not from a shitty can. I am an olive snob. Trust me. Order the side of olives. Do it!Yes this review is shamelessly blatantly fishing for cool and or funny ratings.Give me one then go to Hajis.Thank You Erica.O and Praise to Allah that I finally found some Baklava worthy of the sacred journey through my Gullet.Now onto the rest of my review, I met a friend for lunch, I started by ordering the Hummus and a Spanakopita (see pics) The hummus was good, although I didn't get the the thick fresh pita I saw everyone else eating? I guess you have to ask for the good stuff,  Newbie mistake #1, the pita I got wasn't too bad though.The Spanakopita wasn't all that it, tasted too "green" not enough flavor of feta, and by microwaving  it  the flaky crust became unflaky and jut soft and chewy, not good.I ordered the Vegetarian Combo she ordered the Shawarma plate (see pics) My plate had babaganoush, falafel (hiding under the tomato salad) Tabbouleh and 2 stuffed grape leaves served with a side of yogurt / tatziki sauce.I thought everything was really good and tasted pretty fresh except the grape leaves, they were atrocious, the rice inside was unrecognizable, it was so overcooked it completely turned to a mushy paste, bummer, grape leaves are my favorite. ( I will make them for us Andrea, I Promise)I wish I had more of their falafel I pretty much filled up on the tatziki, babaganoush and pita. Now I know what to get next time.So our waiter come over and says "Since this is your first time, I'll take care of the bill, just take your ticket to the counter"WOW~ Are you serious, how generous!!We wait in line, give our ticket to the guy and he keeps asking us to pay???Well Apparently  there was a confusion of some sort, I don't know what the waiter meant by that, We though our lunch was going to be free.....it wasn't....but that's OK.That's when I ordered my baklava, one piece.........I go to the car to eat it and went back in for 2 more pieces.....YUM!!4 stars for the Baklava at leastI discovered the delights of Haji-Baba when I was in grad school at ASU (gulp) 10 years ago.  I decided to take the BF for dinner recently when we were in the Tempe area.  I was pleased that Haji-Baba has stood the test of time.The decor was exactly as I remembered it.  The market side was still chock-full of Middle Eastern staples.  The bakery case was filled to the brim with homemade baklava.  The dining area even had the same murals on the walls.  Very little has changed indeed at Haji-Baba in the last 10 years.Haji-Baba offers great value-for-your-dollar.  You get a large quantity of tasty food for a very wallet-friendly price.  Don't get me wrong, this isn't the greatest Middle Eastern food served in the US, but it's very solid.  There's a reason Haji-Baba has been a staple with ASU students over the years.  The hummus was tasty and so were the olives.  The Gyro Plate had so much meat on it that I had to take half to go for lunch the next day.  The gyro meat is very good here, but it's not the best I have ever tasted.  That was at Jimmy's Gyros in Mykonos, Greece.  But I can certainly make do with Haji-Baba.Haji Babba is awesome. The food is good and very well priced, the falfel and the baklava are the best in town. Try it you'll love it. The dolmas, and gyros schwermas are excellent. The market is really cool too. They sells tons of flavors of hashish and beautifully designed hookas and at their prices you will never find yourself in paraphernalia or trails again. They also have excellent teas, boxed goods, dishes and all sorts of cool beauty products. It's a lot of  fun to walk around and look at everything while your waiting for your food.I have always wanted to write one of these reviews as a letter to a personified establishment. Like the cool kids.Sweetest Haji Baba,I am so happy that I waited for you. Had I lost my falafel virginity to anyone but you I surely would have regretted it. Thank you for knowing I was ready to be deflowered. The taste of your falafel lingers on my lips when I think of that day.I thought we may be a fling, but you are so deep. You have two sides, delicious dining, and grocery I think I am in love. The way your staff is friendly and seem to actually appreciate my business leaves me longing for your sweet lunch.Your plate of olives is like a plate of olives, heavenly aroma building my hunger for you. Distance makes the heart grow fonder love, and next time I find myself in Tempe, we will be as though we never parted. Wait for me.Your dearest,

I went to see The Red Chapel on opening night. Not as crowded as I thought, but that's okay. I am not trying to be negative, only relaying my experience. Upon entering I am greeted but not asked for my ticket. It's a kind of a "what do I do now?" feeling. So I want to order a glass of wine, but there is no wine list, so I ask for a Pinot noir. When I go to pay she says $16 and I was stunned, but then she proceeds to tell me the machine is down if it's not fixed soon we'll give you a free drink. Thinking that the drink may be free I decide not to push the I didn't see the wine list and I would not have ordered a $16-3oz. pour! Anyway, the lounge setting was very inviting and plan on coming back to hang out, even if there is no movie playing, there will be drinks served. So I enjoyed the documentary, liked the lighting in the theatre and the seating options, although there are no cup holders for drinks yet, there are tables for groups. However the theatre was a little cold and I was not prepared :-( So when the movie was over, I was told the card machine was fixed and given my $16 bill. It turns out she charged me $8 for the wine and $8 for a ticket. However I had purchased a ticket online, but no one had asked me. So she did put the credit back on my card. The staff is friendly and even eager, but the ticket taking issue may have to be worked out. I will be back as often as I can to support this local & cool business. Thanks for adding life to downtown!This place is still really new, so they're still getting the kinks worked out, but it looks great and the film selection is awesome!  I went there the Sunday of their opening weekend to see Metropolis.  It might be a little confusing the first time you go, but you pay for your movie tickets at the bar.  They don't have paper tickets yet, they just gave me and my date little stickers.The theater has 4 or 5 rows of comfy seats and a few tables in the back for people with drinks.  Metropolis was in Blu-Ray and looked amazing.  The showing went off without a hitch.  They even gave us a free bowl of tasty snack mix to eat during the movie.  I'm not a drinker so I can't comment on the bar offerings, but I think it's great to have a theatre showing rad independent and classic movies downtown.  I really hope this place takes off, I can see myself visiting it often.Finally got a chance to check out this place last Saturday! So glad that I did!We went to see an indie doc and I was really impressed with the calendar. Upcoming films are actual small indie and foreign films that you would never see at Camelview.The bar itself is a bit sparse on the decorations, but the style potential is there. Perhaps they are working on the ambiance? They had a great beer list, and although I didn't try any snacks it was nice to see them on the menu.The theater was extremely comfortable and intimate, and the picture and sound quality were excellent. I enjoyed the film with my beer, although I'm not sure how the cocktail service would work if I had wanted another. Should I have waved the waitress over on one of the few times I saw her pop in the room? I suppose it will become more clear once us Phoenicians get the hang of this new-fangled theater-bar :)I would highly recommend FilmBar for a date or just a group of friends craving an awesome movie-going experience with a great option to stay and chat over a drink after the film. I can't wait to go again!Filmbar is fantastic conceptually. I've been wanting to actually open one up since I was in high school. As far as I got was to host movie nights at my house or apartment and invite groups of people. I even ran one biweekly  for yelpers and friends a few years back and showed indie and foreign movies. So the discovery of filmbar truly piqued my interest. Upon arrival, we were both impressed and confused. We didn't know what we were supposed to do at first and it was a little awkward. If it wasn't for the owner coming out to talk to us, we would've felt uncomfortable the entire time we were there - like uninvited guests at someone's private hipster house party.This isn't just a bar... it's a bar that has a movie theater in it. It would've made a huge difference to have someone who works there to welcome people in and tell them "how it works" or something. Make that happen, filmbar. The decor is classy and refined. The layout is intimate. If you're with a group of people, be prepared to split up into smaller clusters. The atmosphere is dark and cozy. The theater itself is a decent size - larger than home theater and smaller than a screening room. It appears as though they just have some speakers up and a screen and a projector hooked up to a DVD player. The seats are somewhat comfy, but put together cheaply... In a few months, I predict they will start looking kinda beat up... in a year, they will need to be replaced. My biggest gripe is that the acoustics and layout of the theater make it too easy to hear drunk people talking to each other over your shoulder. Also - no cup holders for your wine glasses. Disaster is looming nightly. We saw Spike and Mike's Twisted Animation... number 50? I saw the very first one that played here in Tempe ages ago. Didn't the internet and youtube render this pointless? The sound quality was awful for the film, so it's difficult to judge whether or not the sound in the theater would be good if they played a good film. The video was awful too - film/art school projects - tough to tell given the film shown. We're definitely planning on showing up again for movies and booze. I'd like to see some more options for beverages and nibbles. I'd like to see a greeter or ticket booth or a little more organization. I'd like to see "I Saw the Devil."We tried this place with some friends who were back for seconds and were just stoked to know this was within biking distance for us.  The place is unique and very well thought out.  The owner was this young cat that sincerely cared about our feedback and was very passionate to build this place.  You can have some good beers and wine while watching some great indi films, the theatre itself has some theatre seating and if your wanting more of a table sitting then you have that too. Recommend some pretzels and nachos so I can call this home.I absolutely love this idea and had a great time here.  Since it was kind of confusing what to do, let me break it down for you:- Go in, and order your drink at the bar.  They have happy hour till 7 (woo hoo!) where drinks are $1 off.

-A more expensive than other pho places with arguably competitive quality. Our total for 2 veggie phos and 2 boba drinks was a little under $27. However, it does seem to be pretty far from other cheaper and high quality alternatives (like the ones you  find near asian markets), so the price may just reflect the lack of neighboring competitors in this area.

The food is just fine. The noodles were great! I had knife-sliced noodle (if it's what it's called in English... Anyways it's 刀削面) in lamb soup. The soup was just average. My boyfriend had the beef noodle soup with the 1st kind of noodle on the list... It was pretty tasty too.

Food - Awesome!   $20+ on average per entrée

I love this place because it's healthy, reasonably priced, and gives you an authentic taste of the middle east.YUMMMM!! love this place so good! Place is clean, and in a part of downtown not super busy. I like the ambiance and went for happy hour. The tapas plates were not to generous though next time ill get an actual entree plate. Really good flavored food! yum will be back!Great food - like all of the PJ's. This one is tough during the week for lunch - call ahead and get it to-go otherwise you'll be waiting. If you can get there by 11:30 you'll be ok. Friendly service each time I've been there.I used to live across the way so i ate there a lot.  I'm basing my review on the fact its mixed of all the times I've eaten there... I only had one meal which was very lemony and very salty and ... it was during happy hour, and the waitress brought new and also didn't charge me. GET THE ROASTED VEGETABLES.  AMAZING.  I beg for the dressing recipe everytime I go.  They also have a salad with corn in it which will last for three days its so big. my girlfriend gets salmon everytime and says its the best in the valley.  Shes well traveled.

- Camarones al ajillo- recommended by our waiter was the star of the meal!

As for the pasta, we tried the Linguine and Clam Sauce, that's Clams in a Spicy White Sauce served over Linguine.  This was a great pasta dish.  Overall, good service, good food and will be back.Journeyed to Glendale to see the lights earlier this week. Decided to try this place and see what the fuss is all about. They opened at 5 so we waited out front until they opened. I am sure glad we did as the line grew and went down the block. Well the service was great. Fried Calamari and pizza was really good. The chicken marsala was a bit salty for me, but was decent anyway. The wife had had a chicken and pasta dish which she enjoyed. My mother inlaw(Italian from jersey) actually loved the linguini and clam sauce. Bottom line is great pizza and outstanding service by Michelle.What can you say when you're the 112th to review?  I agree with the above?Four of us for lunch.  Arrived at one and got a table right away.  Nice Waiter, but he did forget we need silverware and napkins.  Nice menu.  I chose the Italian Stallion and it was excellent - except - what happened to the crisp crust I heard about?  Mine was greasy and chewy.  But the flavor of the pie was excellent. Sorry -1 for that crust.  My wife had the Margarita with the homemade mozzarella.  Loved it, except for her crust, as well.  Female friend had a calzone and said it was the best she's had since she was 11 years old in New Jersey!!  Her husband had a Margarita with prociutto and loved every bite.  No complaint about the crust.  And THEN....we had an order of zeppolis (balls of fried pizza dough deep-fried and covered with powdered sugar) and guess what....it was the best she's had since she was 11 in New Jersey!!  Guess if you're from Jersey, you'll love this place.Would I drive here again.  You bet; I'd just ask for the crisp crust version.  Then it will be 5 stars!!So far This is the only True Neapolitan Certified pizza that I tried that taste good to me. This weekend we tried the famous Bianca D.O.C. pizza (white pizza $12) and the Regina Margherita D.O.C. ($14) The margherita was tasty flavorful and very light,the dough was wet but did have some structure and was seasoned perfect so it wasn't necessary to add a thing. I did find the bufala cheese too wet for this pie and prefer the Margherita D.O.C.  (difference is house made mozzarella and a $4 savings $10)

Group C - $3.95Group D - $5.95

Frying Jason

Now I don't really think the food at Max Brenner is all that great but it is cute to get a dessert with a group of friends and just do something different with chocolate.Dear Mr. Chocolate,Why are you so delicious? I could eat you up any time of day :) Your white chocolate hot chocolate in the hug mug warms my hands and warms my heart. And the chocolate pizza with the works fulfills my sweet tooth cravings. You are super addicting and I'm sad that you are 4 hours away from me but I shall be back!This is like a contemporary Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory place! The decor is simply with all shades of browns and neutrals. Entree menu and sweets menu is seperate. The presentation each dish is well thought out and unique.We eat with our eyes, and my eyes were definitely enjoying it.my lunch entree was a Deep Bleu Cobb Salad since I wanted something light and refreshing.I'm being serious when I say this is the most delicious cobb salad I have ever ate. They mix all the ingredients for me instead of separating each into sections so I get a consistent flavor.There was a very generous amount of avocado and chicken, I couldn't even finish the plate. The chocolate here melts in your mouth, definitely worth trying even if you don't have a sweet tooth like me.I forgot what I ordered but anything chocolate is good here.  Just remember to eat dessert before the main meal.If you like chocolate then this is a place to go to. I was a bit skeptical about their onion rings with chocolate ranch, but it was actually very good.. and the crepes are very very good.. especially the hazelnut crepe. its a fun place to go if you are a chocolate lover..I wish I could have tried the restaurant but by the time we got to this place I was a lot broke so we stuck to the fast stuff. Wasn't exactly thrilled with the kind of snotty attitude of the guy working but maybe he was having a bad day. But come on with my love of chocolate how could I not love the place?The cookies are amazing. Fresh, warm and gooey right out of the oven. Chocolate everywhere.Chocolate pizza. Delicious. I was skeptical at first but never again. The chocolate souvenir shop was fantastic too. I wound up splurging on a hug mug but there were so many other things I could have gone for. Loved the whole thing. Will definitely try this restaurant first next time and then gamble.Just a quick update. I went to Max Brenner today for a little snack, and the server had told me they were changing the menu out completely! So, starting Friday, October 28th, the menus will be condensed! You will only be allowed to order the sliders at the bar, not at the tables anymore! Many of your favorites no longer may stay on the menu, so hurry and get your fix on before it's too late and gone!Went last week with a friend to have a food tour of Vegas. We actually ate here 3 times. My friend had been before and had the chocolate spring rolls and was anxious to have them again. I went with my mouth set on the Monte Cristo Sliders I'd seen on their menu and some hot chocolate. We were so disappointed when we got there to find that the spring rolls and Monte Cristo sliders had both been taken off the menu. We got a roasted tomato pizza to share and I got the thick Italian hot chocolate, which was very good. Then we split the Banana split pearl sugar waffle and the churros with chocolate dipping sauce. The churros were way too hard to eat, not soft at all. But, we did enjoy pouring the chocolate and toffee dipping sauces onto our banana split waffle! It took the dessert to a whole other level. We went back again for waffle fries and spicy Mexican hot chocolate. Fries were good, the hot chocolate was too runny. Then a third time we dragged our husbands along and got fondue sampler and some more hot chocolate. Major sugar rush, but so worth it. Highly recommend!Actual Rating: 3.5Hunger struck us a little after grabbing drinks from Fat Tuesdays (which most of us weren't even able to finish). We weren't looking into getting anything too pricey and we just so happened to stumble into Max Brenner. It had a very clean and stylish atmosphere. We were seated very quickly upstairs soon after speaking to the host. However, it seemed like we were the only party up there. Hence, the bad service. It took a really long time for the food to come out (about 20 minutes) and I only ordered potato skins. Granted, I've learned it takes a long time to cook and we had a big group, but these guys are pros compared to my cooking am I right?Once we got the food, I took a nice whiff of the baked potato skins before I dug in. They smelled GREAT. I took a picture before I got to it. Then, I picked one up and started munching away. This was the first time I've had them and I was surprised that something so simple could taste so good! I told myself that once I got back home, I'd try to make some on my own. Turns out that it's a bit harder than expected. I can make bacon cheese fries but I definitely have trouble making baked potato skins.In terms of food quality and taste, I could give these guys a 5 out of 5. Honestly, it was their service that brought the mood down. We were all extremely hungry and the fact that it took 15 minutes for them to come back up and take our orders then another 20 to push out that order was a little too long. I guess that's what we get for ordering real food in a chocolate specialized restaurant. We didn't have time to order dessert at the end, unfortunately. That probably would've upped the rating I'm about to give, but that's not the case. Sorry.The food taste just as good as this place smells :)  Would have rated 5 stars, but knocked down 1 for service.  Everything looked so good on the menu!  Ended up ordering the Double Macchiato with skim milk because I wanted to try out the Kangaroo cup and the Guilt Free Omelet that included a sugar dusted buttermilk biscuit, home fries, and melted chocolate lick.So strike 1 for service- while waiting for our coffee and food our waitress spilled water on my sister when she was serving our glasses.  Good thing we were in a good mood at the time.  Waitress came back with our coffee, but then realized she didn't know which one was with skim milk and which one had whole milk.  2 of us in our party ordered the Double Macchiato.  She had to go back and find out which was which...strike 2.  I also wish she explained how to use the Kangaroo cup for us 1st timers.  Would have enjoyed the "chocolate lick" if I used it correctly.  Guess I should have asked.  Coffee was good though!Guilt Free Omelet was huge and so delicious.  I asked our waitress for some tobasco to put on the home fries.  She quickly went to the back to the kitchen to get some...so I thought.  She came out empty handed and started talking to another customer then helped another party on the way.  I had a feeling she forgot so had to waive her down.  She came over and had to ask for tobasco again.  "Oh yeah" she says...strike 3!  I'm glad the sugar dusted buttermilk biscuit was on my plate to calm me down.  Dipping it in the melted chocolate sauce was awesome!Can't wait to visit this place again when I'm in town!I did a lot of research about Vegas restaurants before this trip, and this one stood out as tops on the list of must-tries.  So when we arrived in Vegas on a Saturday afternoon, this is where we headed first after checking in to our hotel.  We had no problem getting a table and our waitress was excellent.     We decided to share an appetizer and a sandwich.  I started with some kind of lemon martini that I don't see on their menu online.  It was GREAT.  We decided to share an appetizer and a sandwich.  We went with:Molly's White Corn Croquetteshouse seasoned white corn & manchego cheese ballsdusted in panko bread crumbs & lightly friedWe LOVED these...delicious!  Perfectly fried...an excellent combination of sweet from the corn and slightly spicy.  Fortunately our shared sandwich arrived to keep us from fighting over these.Sliced & Diced Steak "Pillow" Panini certified angus beef ®

+ Power-activated curtains!  One button will open or close the curtains for you!

The chocolate cake pop covered in dark chocolate hit the spot. This was the most intense chocolate-y thing we ordered, which by the transitive property might make it the best thing? If you're a fan of chocolate, you're a fan of these. Millions of these.Next time: I still need to try something from the coffee bar, which will undoubtedly be accompanied by banana bread... and probably a cake pop (I mean, I drove all the way out there...)Apparently, they also do a Tsoynami called "The Mash", which is filled with random mashed up baked goods (I was only informed of this afterward.) Now that I've tasted the desserts the old-fashioned way, separately, why not get them combined and smothered in ice cream? It only seems natural (and I mean, come on, I drove all the way out there...)The first time I went here, I didn't come away feeling very satisfied mostly because I'm cheap at times. I spent nearly $7 on a cookie and a "winkie." The winkie was good but it wasn't *that* good. I was sorta sulking about that and didn't think I'd go back. But alas, on my next visit, I got one of their Dairy-Queen-like "Tsoynamis" and damn if that stuff isn't crack. I went back a second time in four days because I had to have some of that cream, non-dairy goodness. I had a PB-Chocolate one and more recently a 'Smores one with marshmallow fluffer. Good stuff. I like the coconut milk better in some ways. Anyway, I have to be careful around that place but I mean that in a good way.MMMMMM tsoynamis! Long story short, we used to drive alllll the way to Scottsdale to enjoy one of these delectable vegan soft serve concoctions. Now, it's a cool ten minute ride from our place! (Not good news for my ass.)They're kind of pricey, but they're huge and should be split. Go for the almond joy or good ol' peanut butter and chocolate (extra pb!) You won't be sorry.Delicous looking pastries, and pleasant atmosphere.  Its a great alternative to have.  I'm not the biggest sweet fan, and definately not sold on all the crap that goes into vegan foods and sweets, but if one must indulge then this ain't a bad way to go.  I love the location and how nice they keep it.  Its so much nicer thant he original Green.Now, I'm not naive enough to think just because it's vegan that it's good for you. But if I'm gonna eat sweets, this is the place to go. The German chocolate cake is awesome! Cool hipster atmosphere and imo there needs to be way more of these types of places in Phoenix.Good lord these folks were super happy to be serving up vegan treats. Always good when a 5YO doesn't want to share his "ice cream."I think ice cream is pretty disastrous, so when I tried the tsoynami, I was in frozen dessert heaven.  I've only tried the fruit blend versions, and crave them regularly.  They're good.  And they're big.  My daughter and I are easily satisfied sharing one.I'm not a coffee drinker, but do enjoy a good chai latte now and then.  This, by far, is the best chai latte in town.  It's got a fairly descent spice (and I love the spice), and I can actually taste the ginger.  And of course, no dairy.On the down side, my mom loves her dose of half n half in her coffee.  The non-dairy options just didn't satisfy her one bit.  I would imagine that most of my dairy loving friends might be reluctant to join me there.  Oh well.P.S. Thanks for the doggie-patio love.  She loves riding over with me.Brunch is awesome.  I've come here on two occasions for Brunch and have left satisfied. I've had the sausage hash as a wet chimichanga and it was delicious (though I don't know how anything deep fried cannot be delicious). Last sunday, I got the benedict arnold and it too was great. Even the fake canadian bacon tasted like real meat (though more like bologna, which I think is still delicious).  But the real star of each brunch was the zeppole. Delicious fried donut balls with an sublime strawberry sauce! HEAVEN! I don't quite understand why they just don't use the space from Green to host brunch, since all the food comes from that kitchen anyway, but I guess it's a branding thingThe rest of the time, nami is fine. Everything is ok to good, such as the drinks, pastries, and tsoynamis. The donuts I've had there (besides the zeppole tend to get stale very quickly.)I do get a kick out of the fact that their symbol looks like a little poo.Vegan desserts in the AZ desert. Is this an episode of the twilight zone? It's just a testament to the growing diversity in body, mind and palette here everyday.I love the fact that I eat their ice cream and don't feel fat afterwards.Great Americanos and lattes. Haven't jumped on their baked good as there is just something off to me about vegan products but I'll leave that stuff to the kids that love it :)Apparently I need to try their frozen soft-serve thang... Soynami...it's where it's at i keep hearing. Great great great job on the renovation of the building and thoughtful material choices and design. A very nice addition to 7th street. Nice to see, said the Phoenix native :)I was in Phoenix for work recently.  After picking up my rental car, I was in dire need for coffee.  I did a quick yelp search and decided to check out Nami, as it was somewhat on the route to my destination.  The barista greeted me when I walked in and was very friendly when letting me know all the milk alternative options.  I decided to be slightly adventurous and try coconut milk with my latte.  I'm not sure if I particularly liked coconut milk, but it was worth a try.It was very hot and toasty in Phoenix and I ordered a hot coffee instead of an iced coffee.  Not sure why I didn't think to order an iced one...  despite the hot coffee on a very hot day, I still enjoyed it.  Thank Nami for providing me with caffeine :)A friend and I ended up at Nami yesterday by some sort of happy accident. Her car was blocked by a delivery truck over at Rice Paper, so we decided to walk over to get a coffee while we waited for the truck to move. I'm very happy we did! This place only serves vegan milks (I think.....no cow's milk, anyway). I was a bit worried that I would not be a fan, as I am not vegan. I ordered a cappuccino with soy milk (their 'base' milk) and my friend had a vanilla latte with rice milk (they said this was closest to 'skim' milk). I didn't try her coffee, but mine was very good! The consistency was right for a cappuccino, the espresso was bold without being bitter or acidic, and the whole thing was very pleasant. While we were there, tons of people came in to get ice cream. Maybe next time I should try some ice cream...it looked tasty. I did have a sample of one of their vegan chocolate baked goods and it was incredible! I was shocked! I have tried lots of vegan baked goods and have not liked them in the least, but this little chocolate nutty baked thing was spot on. There is a definite return trip in my future.tsoynamis (which you an get at both green locations too) are delicious!my boyfriend thoroughly devoured all the other goodies we got with me barely getting a taste - but they were pretty good! especially the butterscotch marshmallow squares.they also make donuts on weds and sunday - i wish we could have tried them!Vegan blizzards! Their tsyonamis are consistently good and you won't miss the dairy. I especially enjoy the cookie dough one, so much that I haven't tried too many others. The staff is always friendly and they even offered to split our tsyonami so my husband and I could share.After stuffing ourselves at Green, my husband and I walked over to Nami to top off our meal. We each ordered a Tsoynami. I had the Cookies 'n' Cream and my husband had Coffee Coco Loco. The Tsoynamis where huge but they were so good and not overly rich like whole milk ice cream. The added ingredients were plentiful and I had cookie pieces and chocolate syrup in every bite. The wooden spoons wigged us out a little, but we worked through it.After sitting in Nami eating our Tsoynamis, we couldn't resist getting a few items to go. My husband was excited to find Ethiopian whole coffee beans at a great price ($10). I got a Nami cake--a chocolate cupcake reminiscent of the traditional Hostess variety with white cream filling and chocolate frosting. My first vegan cupcake and such a great one to start with. We also got a delicious looking oatmeal cream pie cookie that was equally delicious. There were so many cupcakes and delicious baked goods to choose from, it was hard to decide. I think Nami will become a regular stop every time we go to Green.Came here to meet my tutor for some late night studying + ice cream. The ice cream was awesome and they had a ton of things to mix in - delicious! Someone nearby got some curry thing that smelled amazing - really interested in trying some of the food and tofu selections. Looks good! I'd definitely be back sooner if I didn't live so far.rocky road, yum!! I am not vegan, not vegetarian, (considering...) this place helps put a check in the pro's of being vegan for my debate.  It would help ease the pain of not having ice cream, because it was very very good.Very tasty vegan ice cream... tasted incredibly creamy, with a vanilla and coconut base. I loved it. I got the thin mint ice cream and I relished in every bite.They also use wooden spoons, which are a weird dry texture on  your mouth, but still pretty neat.Would definitely go back.I was introduced by a friend and got a "banana cream pie"! in love forever! I also love the red velvet cupcake! (when its in stock). Service there is usually always nice and prompt, this evening the girl working wasn't as friendly as I am used to the other girls working there but that isn't going to make me rate less because I am addicted, muhahahahha!Items sampled across visits:Deez Hazelnuts Tsoynami - Hazelnut Brittle, Dark Chocolate Bar, Chocolate FudgePumpkin Pie Tsoynami - Pumpkin Puree, Pumpkin Spice, Vanilla Wafers, Maple Syrup, Whipped CreamBetterfinger Tsoynami - Chick o Stick, Chocolate Chip, Buttercrunch SyrupSnicker FudgeZucchini DonutBlueberry FritterBlueberry Cream Cheese TurnoverGluten Free Yankee DoodleNamicakeCinnamon RollRed Velvet Champagne CupcakeCoffeeMaple BarNami-o DonutChick o Stick DonutSmiley Face PancakesHaving admitted my fondness for baked goods and a perhaps odd fascination with vegan pastry it was only a matter of time before I visited nami - in part due to the aforementioned interests and good word of mouth from a vegetarian friend and in part due to its location just down the street - but little did I know just how good it would turn out to be...or how many times I'd visit (Three to be exact, the most recent being a breakfast with friends on 12/30/12.)Owned by Damon Brasch and operated on a daily basis by what seems to be a collection of cute college girls that you might see at Whole Foods or a local Co-Op, most of the things that nami does it does very well, perhaps most surprisingly their vegan take on the Blizzard entitled 'tsoynami,' the rich soy-based ice cream lacking any hint of "soy" and fixed with any number of mix-ins, some menu staples and other seasonal.  Available 7:00am to 9:30pm I've had them at both ends of the spectrum and honestly prefer them to any frozen "shake" I've had save for, perhaps, the concretes at Shake Shack - the pumpkin was particularly excellent as part of breakfast.Moving to the baked goods, as much as I wanted to like the donuts I just could not, save for the baked zucchini version and the dense blueberry fritters.  Perhaps it was the glaze or perhaps the actual batter but something about each of them harkened that 'beany' flavor that turns so many off to soy based vegan foods.  More impressive, perhaps due to the intense sweetness or a different glaze, the cinnamon roll was a much better choice, as was the turnover with a light flakey shell, sweet whipped soy, and fresh blueberry puree.Moving on to the rest - I think it is safe to say that anything nami makes with chocolate is a safe bet - the rich organic tablets behind the bar likely 70% cocoa or better and a dominant flavor whether in a tsoynami, drizzled on a pancake, baked into a moist cupcake, or best of all made into dense "snickers" fudge that trumps the original by miles.Last, and certainly not least, for those who don't want chocolate - and all the more so for those unfortunate enough to be gluten intolerant (the real sort, not the trendy Hollywood stuff,) get the Yankee Doodle - a nearly quarter pound snicker doodle sandwich with dense, creamy filling, that is better than any snickerdoodle I've had elsewhere - vegan, veg, gluten free, or otherwise.Prickly pear iced tea, I REPEAT TRY THE PRICKLY PEAR ICED TEA. RIGHT. NOW. The chai tea blew my mind, might have surpassed Lux's (just might have). Tried an apple fritter ball and went to heaven! Okay on a serious note, this is a cute little vegan coffee shop that provides vegan pastries, ice cream (yes to my lactose intolerant friends!), and food. The shop is cute, the two girls that were running the show behind the counter were kickin butt and takin names since they were slammed and they were super helpful to us Nami virgins (my husband and I). We will definitely be back to try the ice cream because we kept on drooling seeing all the people walk by with these amazing looking cups nestled in their hands. OH JYAHHHH.....Had a Banana Cream Pie tSoynami and it was delicious, and grabbed a Vegan Victory Bar and even though it had a dark green color to it, it was still great to top off my Calexico Burger from Green next door...I'm def coming here more oftenHad the cookie dough ice cream and espresso shake (it's not on the menu, but you can request it). Both were good. The cookie dough chunks were HUGE, and the espresso shake was what you expect it to taste like. The portion size for the ice cream is pretty big. One order is share-able in my opinion.While you can find some of my favorites added to my post for Green I just tried an affogoto and I am hooked. I LOVE straight espresso so found myself eating spoon fulls of it straight but by the time i got to the bottom of my cup all that was left was tons of syrup. Next time I'll mix it all up and make myself a vegan flurry for sure. My friend Mariah works in here, if you see her or any of the staff you'll be greeted with a smile and the owners the man too. Definitely come in here for some vegan deliciousness but be ready for the post soy gas as well. Suggestions include peanutbutter chocolate bars, peanut butter frosted banana muffins, tsoynamis, and as stated above AFFOGOTOS! Oh one more tip, if you like chai get their desert haboob ;)Very fun place!  Vegan ice cream is such a novel idea, and they do it well.  I had the chai tiramisu tSoynami and my sister had the almond oy vey.  It was my birthday, so she let me swap with her because I liked hers a lot better!I've been meaning to check out nami for a while now so we finally popped in this past Sunday as we are doing a vegan challenge. They have really yummy vegan desserts! If you are thinking of using the wifi though its pretty spotty but otherwise a great place to chill! On Sunday evenings they have live music as well which is nice.Great little place! Nice to see something different like this in Arizona. The sister restaurant next door is excellent.Had a soy-ft serve sundae, awesome. Had an iced coffee, so delighted by all the options for vegan-friendly milk (soy, almond, rice, etc). Great place, good luck!1 thing - the wood spoons, while I'm sure are biodegradable and all, have a weird texture with the ice cream (at least for me). I think those spoons just kind of freak me out. I didn't ask for plastic or metal, I'm sure they would have accommodated.Good stuff but room for improvement. There is no "wow" factor to their stuff. Wish they had all the toppings/choices listed to make it easier. I still think the Chocolate Sorbet at Sweet Republic tops Nami's choices.I usually only come to Nami for dessert...their delicious Tsoynamis. Today, I came for the vegan Sunday brunch in honour of a friend's birthday. I tried the new special,  the Waffly Tamaffle and it was delicious! Will definitely be eating brunch here again. Back to the desserts...Tsoynamis are the perfect treat for any day! My favourites are the banana wafer flavour and the betterfinger. I'm not vegan, but I love it here, especially when the weather is nice and you can sit on the patios. Sometimes parking can be a hassle if Green is too busy but it's worth it. I've yet to try their vegan donuts, maybe next time!Not a vegetarian or vegan, but I LOVE this place.  The food is amazing enough to convert a carnivore. Recommend to all my friends!My only complaint is that they only have brunch on Sundays.Great customer service! Sunday brunch biscuits n gravy was good. I was in hurry so ill have to try a tsoynami next time. Prices are decent for vegan/vegetarian.  The only bad thing is that the parking is horrible! Looking forward to the next visit!I stop by Nami every single time I eat at Green next door. I have had about 5 of their baked goods. My favorite is the Lavender Cookies (light and yummy!) and my second favorite is their Pumpkin Pie (flaky and just enough sweetness). The ones I didn't like was the white chocolate Gluten Free Cookies because they were super hard and too sweet. The compost bar was suuuuuuper sweet. If you like sweet, than I recommend these, but it was too sweet for me. Of course the Tsoynami(s) are crazy good. Surprisingly, the peanut butter/chocolate is simple, but delish! I love the Almond Quixote! They are kind of big for me, so I always share with a friend. The most exciting part is that EVERYTHING is VEGAN! That is the best part since I am vegan. I am so happy that they opened this in Phoenix. The decor is super modern and neat. I love chillin' with my friends and hanging out here. I am going again soon!Right next door to Green so afterward I took my boys for "ice cream". Fantastic! Still not sure what we had but we all loved it. Price was great too, $8 bucks for all 3 of us.I noticed other Yelpers complained about the service but our experience was great. Very accommodating and they even made chocolate chip (not on menu) for us.I have friends who have been raving about this place, so when we were with them recently, we decided to stop in and try out Nami.  My bf and I were right in the middle of a 30-day vegan challenge and beginning to miss desserts... Bring on the tSoynami! This is a soft serve, soy-based blizzard type of dessert.  They mix in just about anything you can imagine and its all vegan!  I had the cookie dough; bf had the mixed berries.  We got huge portions (I didn't finish mine) and they were both delicious.  They have a great looking pastry case (vegan donuts?!) that I did not indulge in this stop.  I decided I needed an afternoon pick me up, so I got myself a caramel mockiato as I saw they house make their vegan caramel. That caramel was amazing and the soy milk was frothed up to perfection! Wayyy better than anything you've ever had at Starbucks!  I can't imagine any ways to improve... Vegan desserts abound and the tastiest coffee.  Their breakfast and brunch menu looks amazing too.  Next time I'm downtown for breakfast, this place will be in mind!I didn't realize that Nami is the coffeehouse arm of Green. I came for breakfast (okay it might have been more like lunch) and was overwhelmed with the choice of baked goods. I got a pour over coffee (which I wasn't all that wowed by, but it was good), the huevos rancheros, and a blueberry fritter. I definitely didn't need all that food but I had to try it all. The blueberry fritter was awesome. Nami definitely does a great job with their vegan baked goods. The vegan huevos rancheros was an interesting take on the classic dish. It had hash browns, chili-spiced black beans, tofu, and some kind of mystery bean or protein that I couldn't figure out what it was.Nevertheless it was all pretty good. Not to mention, the place was packed, which is always a good sign. However, don't go there on a weekend expecting to get a seat. Very limited seating and for all the people there, it was a slim chance. Especially with loners like me taking up a whole table.Met 3 friends here for what I thought was supposed to be coffee but turned out it was supposed to be lunch. Fitting that I came in confused, because the menu here is the most confusing I've ever seen. Chalkboard, display items, a few specials hand written on signs, and a print menu hidden behind the cash register so we didn't find it until we had waited in line and tried to make our choices from the scribbled notes. They would do well to have one readily available printed menu with all offerings. So we had 2 GF folks and they got the zebra donut and loved it. I got a bagel with herb cream cheese and it was yum. Later we saw the table next to us eating grits and it looked so good we ordered one to share. Very tasty and filling.LOVE pretty much everything here.  The dirty horchata, and Big Ole burrito are my favorites. Picture a creamy horchata frap with espresso, sooooo good on a hot day.I've previously had Nami's products, but yesterday was my first visit visit to their location. I love the variety of their products (baked goods, gluten-free options, etc.) and love that everything is vegan! My boyfriend and I shared the PB & Choco Tsoynami which was amazing. It's a bummer that I live so far from downtown or else I'd be here weekly. :)Quick takeout service and the Oatmeal cream cookie was so much better than I expected. Made me realize I can eat plant based without giving up flavor.Come for breakfast, but come back for the desserts.  A co-worker of mine and her husband are steadfast vegetarians and fell in love with this place almost as fast as they fell in love with Green next door.  This place is owned and run by the same owners as Green, and the space is small just like its counterpart.  Whereas Green is more of a lunch and dinner spot, Nami is more of a breakfast/dessert spot.  We got here around 10am on a Saturday morning and by the time we sat down, it was packed.  Not surprising given how many vegans and vegetarians live around Downtown.My co-worker recommended I get the biscuits and gravy.  I saw a couple of cupcakes that caught my eye in the pastry case (cookie dough cupcake and red velvet cupcake) so I got those and an OJ too.  As with Green, you order at the counter and seat yourselves.  Total for all of my food was $20.  Food came out to us in less than 10 minutes.  Let me first go into the cupcakes.  I've had vegan cupcakes before at Treehouse Bakery just west of here, and these were equally delicious.  The frosting on both was dense, but creamy and decadent.  The cake itself was actually more dense than Treehouse's which made eating two pretty tough, but it was worth it.  As for the biscuits and gravy, I actually loved the tofu eggs as they put enough spice and herbs on those to make me forget I was eating tofu.  It didn't have the texture of an egg at all, but it was still great.  The home fries were also tasty and crispy and light.  As for the biscuits and gravy itself, mixed reactions on this one.  There was a lot of onion on my gravy which seemed to be a little bit of overkill.  The biscuits were also a little dry.  It was okay, but I think Bragg's Diner (also just west of here) does the vegan biscuits and gravy thing a little better.All in all though, I was pleased with my first trip here.  The vibe is super relaxed, the gals behind the counter are super friendly, and the portions of food on every dish I saw were plenty hearty.  Even though the food is all vegan, I can assure you that no one leaves here hungry.  I can't totally recommend the biscuits and gravy for breakfast, but I fully intend to explore other breakfast menu items in the future.  I've also heard a lot of good things about the tsoynamis, so that'll be on my to do list.  Just be warned, once you take one look at that pastry display case, its pretty much impossible not to order one.Yummy-ness in a cup: tsoynami!! My first cup was the ginger snap with lemon...full to the brim and just the right blended texture. Perfect for these hot summer Phoenix days! Then I had a second try because I was craving it this weekend...the Almond Oy vey! Not made as well as it was last week. But I'm going to try to get to each flavor. Can't wait to try the breakfast, brunch, and coffee.The tsoynami is pretty much just a healthy blizzard in my opinion. I like the ice cream and you can totally taste the coconut milk. Yummy! I think it's good but not that great. I drove from Gilbert to try it. It's a good and cute place but I would only go again if I'm in the neighborhood.Wut tha'.  All my friends (vegan/punx/activists/people who are 'conscientious') love Nami.  Yes, Tsoynami!  Uh huh.  So I took my kids there to see if it was the real deal.  My kids aren't vegans (that they've told me), so we were gonna figure it out.  They loved it.  They even loved the atmosphere of the small establishment.  Kooky indie ambient sounds.  A girl with a bun atop her head but with a shaved head around the bottom.  High waisted shorts?  Yeah man.But we got three Tsoynamis.  All different flavors.  They were like $4/5 each.  No biggie.  I'll probably come back.Lots of options, which is great, but they hand mix everything, so the top of my friend's tsoynami tasted like syrup. I had the German chocolate cake tsoynami and the s'more. Both were awesome, but I think the s'more an out.We decided to take a coffee break at this cute little place when we were visiting Phoenix and saw Michael U's review.We had: espresso shake and pistachio donut. I must admin that I'm a fan of their creations.This place was busy.... Good sign usually.  The food wasn't extraordinary to me; but it was nevertheless very good, fresh, healthy, and the staff was nice and place is clean. So it's definitely worth coming backI ordered a tSoynami and really enjoyed it. They have a great selection of creations that you can order from. The only problem I run into here is that this place can be tight squeeze and your order can take awhile on busy nights.The serving size for the "tsoynami" (soy soft serve blended with treats) was pretty generous!  Not Costco yogurt generous but still a nice large size for $4.50 before tax and tip.I chose the mint Newman O one (don't recall the cutesy menu name).  It was really a lot better than I excepted.  It could've used another pump or two of mint syrup/flavor though, and the chocolate syrup tasted a little cheap (like Hershey's).Pulling into the parking lot was not fun, but thankfully they weren't crowded and it wasn't rush hour yet!Overall, a nice non-dairy alternative to the Blizzards and Concrete Mixers of the world.Excellent alternative to froyo and the normal packed coffee house in the neighborhood. Nice atmosphere. Easy place to work on papers or meet with friends. Good coffee, good sweets, and good frozen treats. Try a tsoynami with some frozen fruit and be open to trying some vegan quiches. Parking is scarce, so be sure to carpool. Get your hipster fix in an unpretentious way.Been meaning to get here for ages.Was less selection than I expected (1 lonely slice of cake on the counter) but bunch o cupcakes and I got 1 big bar thingie to take home, was good, but I will have to go back and try other stuff too.Of course I got a tSoynami when I came here after reading about them! Soy-based vegan soft serve with goodies mixed in? Win! I went with one of the gluten-free ones (as noted on the menu), the PB 'n' Chocolate one ... because ... peanut butter. 'Nuff said.Peanut butter and chocolate is always an amazing combination, of course. They went well with the soy soft serve, although my only issue is that the soy soft serve is not really that soft. I don't know if it was just the batch that I got or if that's how it is because it's soy milk-based and therefore lower in fat than traditional dairy soft serve ice cream, but this was rather icy and gritty. The texture more resembled a sorbet than soft serve.But still delicious nonetheless!Service also didn't leave a fantastic impression on me. The ladies behind the counter was a tad busy with previous orders but it wasn't until at least four or five minutes before one of them acknowledged that I was standing there waiting and said that they would be right with me. I don't mind waiting, but I just wish from a customer service standpoint that they would have acknowledged that I was standing there waiting patiently for quite some time.I love the food here and it's pretty much one of 3 vegan/vegetarian spots in Phoenix but the service is UNBELIEVABLY slow. I don't even walk in the door if there is a line. Even with no line it took about 20 minutes to get an acai bowl on a Wednesday at 10:40am. Don't ever come here if you're in a hurry, but it's a lovely place to sit and chat a whole morning away with a friend.Always a line out the door for Nami. The food is incredible! Try the vegan Huevos Rancheros burrito. So filling and fantastically yummy! Knocked one star off because of the unfriendly girl @ the counter. She barely smiled and looked highly annoyed. The rest of the staff is extremely pleasant! Still love the food though and will keep coming back!Nami is really a one-of-a-kind place. I love what they're doing and what they stand for; good vegan restaurants in Phoenix are few and far between. It's rad that they offer a few raw options now- the raw power breakfast is soso good. I will say that some of the staff at Nami is extremely unfriendly and sometimes rude, acting as if the customers are an inconvenience to them. However, Katie is always really nice. Overall, I'm a fan and will continue to come back but their coffee isn't very strong and that makes me sad.Protip - getting a fruit tsoynami with chocolate chip is a great life choice. Right next to Green, Nami has a diverse array of vegan desserts. They're definitely a little over sweet, but if you keep your sweet tooth in tow then you're in for a treat. Just a note that there isn't always a lot of space to sit.Delicious Cappucino & perfect Peanut Butter CookieFor not being a dessert guy and a huge meat guy (could never understand this veggie vegan thing) Nami had some darn good desserts that weren't over sweet and had flavors that I don't normally taste in desserts.Had a coffee and the donuts (vegan ones at that) and the fiancé ordered some chocolate cookie.  Actually for something very simply prepared the taste was really good.The coffee tasted spot on with a good balance of bitterness and smoothness (put 2 sugars and just a splash of what I assume was cream)So if your vegetarian or want a dessert that doesn't overload you with processed sugars, hydrogenated oils and other crap that is in most bulk desserts, check this place out.Stopped in for a quick latte + work session and Nami turned out to be a great choice. Delicious iced latte served up by a friendly team in a cute shop. I may have missed an opportunity by not trying one of their desserts while I was there. It seemed as if every other patron was stopping by for some ice-cream-in-a-cup-with-stuff-on-it gloriousness, but I stuck it out with coffee. Sigh. At least the coffee was on point.Food was great! Staff was very kind. However I did not see any lizards so I give this a 4/5 stars.Was pleasantly surprised with the PB&J tSoynami. Never had tried Vegan soft serve... I would get this again thoughThis place was so amazing. I had a vegan dirty chai doughnut with an iced chai and it was delicious. The staff was really nice and friendly. Cute atmosphere. At first I was confused where to park but there is parking in the back of the building. If you're vegan/vegetarian you need to check this place out.Very interesting place. Not at all what I was expecting. I had an iced mocha (geez was it vegan lol? Now I wonder!) which was pretty good. Only drawback was that there was a tiny layer of melted ice at the top which generally indicates the espresso was poured over the ice instead of the proper way of adding the ice last (which may or may not have happened since I wasn't watching it being made, just my observation after years of being a bit of a coffee snob). I also tried the winkie because it was too novel not to. It was... Hard to explain except although it bore no taste resemblance to its toxic namesake, I would definitely eat one again. Very enjoyable and baby loved it too. I can't give 5 stars simply because I think there are tastier coffee places in town (and whose beans I always buy a crapton of so I can pull shots at home), BUT nevertheless this was a great spot and I'm glad I finally tried it. If you're a diehard vegan this would probably be your favorite coffee place. Also - on a side note - they charge extra for whipped cream. Kinda weird. As a consumer, nickeling customers for those little extras is off putting. Psychologically, I would rather the prices were a touch higher and included the whipped cream. Just the way the consumer mind works lol.Returning to the Coronado neighborhood and have already made Nami our "couple times a week" stop! Whether for coffee, chai, pastries or vegan ice cream, it's a perfect little hipster joint for a break in your day that all your friends - whether paleo or vegan - will be perfectly happy at. Simple 60s mod dining room, groovy eclectic music. The crowd is chill, with a steady influx coming & going regardless of the time of day. Blue haired college girls w/ their bearded boys, multi-generational families & LGBTQ couples -- everyone's seems at home here. Check out Nami!So glad that I found this place. Caters to my no dairy and gluten-free life and even does it while tasting amazing!The coffee is hot and food is so amazing you'd never know there is anything missing.I hit up Nami twice while in Arizona - once for a famed tsoynami (a vegan twist on a Dairy Queen blizzard), second time for breakfast.  It's such a great gem in the desert, and I love that it's right by where my only friend in the area lives, haha.The second I started crossing through Phoenix (after 7 hours on the road!), I found my way to Nami to get a cookies and cream tsoynami.  It's a cute little bungalow with way more parking than I anticipated - except this place is popular so it's still not enough, haha.  Everyone working there is so sweet and upbeat, you can't help but be in a good mood, too.  I got my treat and headed to my final destination in Scottsdale.I found the vanilla soft serve base really disappointing.  It was really icy and melted almost instantly.  It's not the creamy, thick base of blizzards or McFlurries I remember at all.  But it was cold, and I was hot, at the cookie bits throughout were perfect.  I was determined to give them another try on my way out of Phoenix, to grab breakfast before my journey home.This time, I went with a caramel "mockiato" and a McBagel Sandwich.  10 outta 10, on both counts!  The mockiato was a dead ringer for my former favorite at Starbucks, with a little whipped cream and everything!  I'll be real, my sweet tooth has subsided these past few years (maybe thanks to veganism?!), but this was such a treat and the perfect trip down memory lane.  I also looooooved the McBagel Sandwich.  I've got a soft spot for breakfast sandwiches and this was one of the best I've had.  Fried eggy tofu, veg ham, cheddar daiya (I think?),  and spicy aioli on a bagel tasted like something out of my LA favorite, locali, except fully loaded.  I headed on the road to California right after, and didn't need to stop for food the whole way.  That's impressive!I'd definitely come back here when I'm in the area!  They have so many vegan goodies, that even if the tsoynamis don't impress me, I will not leave empty handed (uhhh s'mores bars and twinkies, anybody?).I'm not vegan, but I brought some friends who were visiting and have recently become vegan.  They absolutely loved it.  There was a large group of us there for breakfast so we had the chance to try several different things.  Friends loved their biscuits and gravy and I liked my breakfast burrito, although next time I'll probably skip the melty vegan cheese.  Everything is vegan and they have gluten free options on top of that so I'll definitely be taking some family there when they come to visit (multiple allergies/food sensitivities).  Their donuts were light and fluffy, unlike other vegan pastries I've had.  Can't wait to come back to try some of their other desserts and coffee drinks.  The best surprise was the pitaya bowl.  The purée is so light and refreshing and goes well with the granola and fruit on top.  It was even better than the acai bowl another friend tried.  I don't know that I would go for any savory items again if I didn't have any vegans with me, but I'll definitely be back for coffee, dessert and pastries and probably the pitaya bowl!  We're also sad we missed the special brunch.  I guess they only serve that on certain days.  I would have liked to try their pancakes and French toast.On the same night my friend and I went to Green, we stopped here to get some vegan sweets.  We decided on cookies.  I think she ordered a snickerdoodle, and I ordered a chocolate chip cookie.  The cookies were good; however, it took a bit of time for us to get them.  They were right in the case, and I'd say we waited a good 10 minutes or so, and not sure why it took that long for us to receive them.On my last day in Phoenix, we returned here to each try a tSoynami treat.  She had the banana cream pie flavor, and I ordered the PB and chocolate, and we were both LOVING our treats!  Very yummy and excellent to cool you down on a hot Arizona day!  Will also be back on my next trip.I had the iced banana foster - amazing! And the vegan choco donut was so delicious. It is a little pricey though. My husband just got an iced coffee black and there was nothing really special about it for its price. Would go back again if in the area but only for specialty items.I absolutely love nami! they offer so many so many vegan options which is great if you're like me and you can't eat dairy ;) I especially love their vegan donuts, and they always have new flavors to try. be warned though: they're not like krispy kremes or other regular donuts, because they are vegan, they are much more dense, and coupled with the fact that they are pretty large to begin with, you fill up rather quickly. so you don't need to buy more than one... or maybe two ;) the only downside to this place is that it's very laid back so there's really no sense of urgency in the employees, making time an issue. for example, it took 20 minutes for them to toast a bagel.. that being said this place is still the vegetarian cat's pajamas.Not really into the healthy scene so much but was pleasantly surprised when i tried nami. My family got the chick-o-stick soynami and was delicious.This place is right by work so it is a regular stop. Staff is friendly and service is fast. In the summer the tsoynami is a yummy treat, especially the rocky road. The rest of the year I treat myself to a latte or an Italian soda and a sweet treat like a cupcake or other pastry.Try the strawberry agave Italian soda....delicious!A little pricey for breakfast if you're looking for a weekly routine, but this place has one of the most fun brunches I've had in a long time. My brunch companion is very much NOT a vegan, but loved everything we got on the menu (including the blueberry maple glazed vegan donut)! Good addition to the choices on 7th St. in downtown Phoenix!A great place for vegan desserts and other novelties. My non-vegan kids love their tsoynamis particularly the cookie dough infused Dough Boy.My husband and I had lunch at Green at some point during Thanksgiving week, which is next door to Nami. We had such a terrible experience at Green, that we were hesitant to go over to Nami (I believe they're owned by the same people). Read through Nami's reviews, and decided to take the plunge anyway.No regrets at all! It was such a relief, the two ladies working that day were so nice and accommodating. They took the time to explain their tSoynami menu to us, and they didn't rush us.

The people are extra shy, kind & professional. When it comes to money they can't break large bills so don't take them 100 or 50 dollar bills. It's over all cool because you can get great deals. On items that are home grown such as veggies and eggs. I got tea to help me sleep and also for pain from my fibromyalgia. It's inside the local bus station some people are inside and others are outside. They have live music and even BBQ being sold. This was my first time at D3FM and I will return soon because the tea is really helping me sleep and helping me with my pain.I love love love the Downtown Farmers market! It's on the smaller side, but there are usually about 20 different vendors to choose from.  Lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, jams, relishes, fresh lemonade, fresh coffee, and whatever food trucks are there that week. Last week there were fresh tamales and the arepas truck.  Last week, there was a vendor selling cute crocheted things, and there are usually a few clothing vendors.  One of my favorites is a vendor that sells different flavors of honey (watermelon, root beer, vanilla, chai, raspberry, etc.).The hours are 9-6 Fridays, and you can park right next to it, behind the Mob Museum.  It would be really fun to go for dinner and then go to the mob museum after, if you're looking for date ideas!  Also, some vendors only take cash, so bring some.  They have an ATM down there, and it (usually) works.It's my first time at this location and loved the atmosphere and set up, I'm impressed with the selection of veggies!  I only saw one vendor selling a good sit down meal though, what's up with that?The only place I found in this area to get fresh fruits & vegetables.  One lady shared with me about her one acre farm in Vegas.  The folks selling prepared foods there made me a custom salad, which was exactly what I needed after spending several days without fresh produce.  The prices were on the high end..$8 for a pint of strawberries.  I can get cheaper & fresher strawberries in San Francisco.  Regardless, great place to see in downtown Vegas, especially if you're on the hunt for some fresh produce!Buy honey from the bee keeper. The best part of this market is Hammons honey.

Oh, and remember: this is a Divey Diner in an undesirable section of Downtown Phoenix--so SNOBS BEWARE!

4) EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA cream pleaseNone of these methods yielded the creamy consistency that my little heart desires.  But this Starbucks actually listens to me.  Went through the drive-thru today 11-17-15 at 7:50 AM and OOOOOoooooweee did they deliver!  Thanks for actually listening to me. My iced coffee was perfect this morning.  I live right across the street and have probably been here 20 times or so.  They renovated sometime in the last year and I like their new setup with the refrigerated case across from the counter.  They have recently become much more friendly.This Starbucks was clean, well stocked, with friendly service. I've been receiving poor service at my regular location and now prefer this location ! My drinks are always made properly and taste delicious.Nestled inside The Arts Factory-Trifecta consistently brings interesting, fun, unique, smart and often times very affordable original works of art to the gallery. I guess that formula has paid off because, wah lah...a new spot in the Arts Factory has at least tripled the original space. You will find global and local artists here, often times some of the best names you've never heard of. I recently caught the work of many artists from various Cirque shows. Staff is welcoming and helpful, without being pretentious, or snooty, or high pressure.  I do enjoy the sweet necta' of Trifecta.Since all the galleries oftentimes meld into each other in this building (this is the largest building with a ton of a galleries), I didn't know that we'd been in this one several times on First Friday already. October 7th was the anticipated return of First Friday (after a two month absence, and a change in ownership). Anyway, we came upon this tapestry of the Las Vegas Strip, circa 2007 or so, which was inside of a closet type section; I'm not going to call it a room, because, it wasn't big enough to be called a room, seemed more like a storage closet. It was the most amazing piece of art because the artist used sweaters (!!!!!) from thrift shops, to create this beauty. I saw this article in the local weekly paper a few weeks back. And to see this in person, it's simply amazing. It was a labor of love. And this won my heart over, easily; this was my favorite piece of the entire night.Bravo for showcasing this tapestry. I won't miss this gallery anymore, on First Friday. I will make it a point to visit every nook and cranny.Two visits now under my belt, one on a lazy Saturday and the other during First Fridays and I'm confident to say that Trifecta is my favorite independent gallery in Las Vegas.  Always an interesting display and often featuring works that the beginning or intermediate art collector can afford I particularly enjoyed the recent 10th Anniversary show, a collection of local favorites beautifully curated and arranged to tell a story greater than a simple sum of its parts.  To those who complain of Vegas' lack of culture, sure it isn't New York or Los Angeles, but with galleries like Trifecta and the rest of the Arts Factory I can say it is a heckuva a lot better than other similarly sized cities like Columbus, or larger metropolises such as Phoenix.I've been to Trifecta a few times now and have always been pleasantly surprised with the artists they are featuring. The staff has been friendly with questions about the pieces as well in all my visits. Quite a number of pieces that are for sale were in a range that a "normal person" could purchase and collect. It's the one disagreeable thing I have with art, is that sometimes the value is so inflated, it's untouchable. My most recent visit was Las Vegas / Nevada photography that accompanies the Focus on Nevada spread in this months issue of Desert Companion. There was a contest for submissions and it just so happened one of our own, Anthony M. , was selected. I support anything my best friends do. The one thing is despite being a small space, I feel that the past events I've been to here have all been handled very well with food and drink service. Definitely get lost in the Arts Factory - make a day of it and make sure to stop by the Trifecta. No culture naysayers, just walk around this street and look with your special eyes - there is something growing.I was in Vegas a few days before the 4th and staying at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. After an afternoon by the pool, I decided to get a quick shopping trip in before dinner. I wandered down to the Miracle Mile shops and into the BCBG store. The store is very clean and well laid out....party dresses to the left and other clothes/shoes/handbags to the right. I did find there was a lot of wasted space in the store and it didn't have as much merchandise as I have seen at other stores I have been in.If you shop at BCBG, then you know the stores are good at having awesome sales. The Miracle Mile store is no different...most items were marked down anywhere from 30-70% off. The summer dresses and party dresses were an additional 15% off the markdown price...sweet! The party dress selection was extensive, but finding my size was impossible. I did find a cute navy blue summer dress that ended up being 65% off, which made it an easier sell to my husband when I got back up to the room with my purchases. The customer service was extremely lacking...after I finally was able to get someone to open a door to a dressing room, no one came to check on me or see if I needed a different size, which I did. I literally walked in the first dress to get a smaller size myself. Finally when I needed a smaller size again, a customer service rep helped me out and then rang up my purchase. She was very sweet and gave me lots of compliments. It was the worst service I have ever gotten at a BCBG store.This is really a 3.5 star BCBG store, but since I walked away with a cute find at a really reasonable price, I'll bump it up to 4 stars. Not a bad store to pop in if you are looking for a cute dress to wear to a club that evening, but not the best I have been to.I thought this place was pretty damn good. We were actually trying to eat someplace else and ended up here because the sushi place we wanted to go to wasn't open for lunch. I'm glad we stumbled in here. I think it suffers because of its location in the forum shops; I'm sure they get very little foot traffic walking by. Good drinks, very good chips and salsa and guac, and the enchiladas, tacos, and quesadillas were all quite good - a step above your typical tex-mex fare. The whole menu was texmex essentially so nothing too exotic but what they do prepare they seem to prepare well.The place is pretty small so it's not much of a "scene" but as far as strip restaurants go it's fairly affordable and definitely fills you up.I've been here a couple of time for drinks and this past Vegas trip for food.  Their carne asada was really good, but I wasn't that hungry so I couldn't even eat half the plate.  Prices are not cheap.  It may look like a mexican fast food place, but it's not.  Drinks were good.  The bartender was really nice.  I'd come here again.I have no idea if this place is a cookie cutter chain but we stumbled upon it after an afternoon of wandering the strip and all of us were ravishing and in dire need of hydration and nourishment. This place more than hit the spot.The service was on point, glasses never empty & courteous help all around from the server and other help in the restaurant.We had their guacamole @ $8/order, it was good. I like a little more kick in it, but I can understand needing to tame it for the masses. It was not made table side and served in a nice presentation glass dish with hot chips and some decent salsa.I had the fish tacos which came with 3 sauces, a chipotle, ancho chili and avocado crema. All three sauces were really good but I think I liked the chipotle best. Pricing was average for eating on the strip, about $25/person with tax and tip and no alcohol. I thought this place is worthy of a repeat visit.We bought some show tickets and added was a coupon for 1/2 price entree's to La Salsa. Probably wouldn't have gone there if it weren't for the coupon, but the location was really convenient in relation to the MGM Grand. Food was good, but the best part was margaritas by the yard! And it was pretty darn tasty at that. We ate when it was pretty slow, so the server was there often to check on us. Even without the coupon, it was reasonably priced. Nothing spectacular, but if your a below average joe like me, sometimes it's nice to eat some Mexican food and get a good buzz on without spending a ton. Oh, and you get to keep the yard glass your marg comes in.I have to give some love to this particular slightly-upscale La Salsa. It's one of the few places you can sit outside just a few feet away from the Strip sidewalk, and all the people-watching that affords.Do this on a warm night with a couple friends and a round of margaritas, and it really doesn't matter how good the food or service are.This is a slightly upscale location of the chain. The food is always consistent and they offer vegetarian options which is a  big plus. It is in the quality of Chipolte and Baja Fresh. The food is good for quick Mexican food. I would give the food 3.5 stars. The bar is a great addition and gets the extra star in my rating. Good staff, good food, its worth stopping in if you are on the strip or looking for a  good place to drink/eat without taking  much time..Go to the patio area, get a 1/2 Yard Margarita (or a yard whatever works for you), sit back and enjoy. 1/2 Yards are $20, 2 for $30.This spot on the patio, outside of Caesar's, is perfect for people watching.  And Chuck is a fantastic bartender!  Quick, friendly and full of suggestions and stories.  The bartender that come on after his shift ended (I never got her name), helped us with directions and was very sweet.Make sure you ask Chuck to make you the rainbow shot!!! :)Sat at the bar and had a lunch while at a conference.  the fish tacos were awesome!  Some of the wait staff was great while others were just rude and gave strange looks.  Sitting at the bar with a friend who was personable we had a good time and chatted up the bartender.  She was great, lots of fun and I wish I could remember her name.  She just was sweet!  Well tip well and enjoy the fish tacos if you get a chance! They had indoor and outdoor seating.I stopped to grab a quick lunch here and I really enjoyed the fish tacos.  Grilled mahi, not fried, nice slice of avocado on them, rice and beans were fine.  Wait staff was attentive but not smothering....This place is a great spot for a casual lunch break from shopping. I found out about this place from the Travelzoo deal where 2 people eat an entree and have a margarita for $25 (regularly $58). I was expecting it to be like La Salsa Cantina or an upgraded Taco Bell but I was pleasantly surprised. The setting is nice, reminded me of a more quiet Cheesecake Factory. It's located in the Forum Shops and the windows provide a great spot for people watching. Our waitress was nice and helpful and our food arrived in a timely fashion.We upgraded our margaritas to the premium ones for an extra $2 each and we both enjoyed it. It was not watered down at all and you could taste the tequila in it. I got the fish tacos which were the best fish tacos I have tasted. My boyfriend got the fajitas which he enjoyed but I preferred my fish tacos over his meal. The chips and salsa are no longer complimentary but we paid the extra $4.95 for them which we enjoyed. You get 4 types of salsa with it.Overall, I would visit here again and pay the full price.My girlfriends and I stumbled upon this place with a groupon deal. Even though the walk was far from the MGM hotel, it was so worth it!! I ordered an enchilada, and it tasted like heaven! The bartender was extremely friendly. We sat at the bar because we didn't want to wait for a table. I ordered a blended margarita which was the best I ever had. I just remembered I had an awesome experience at this place. I have two more trips to Vegas this year, and will make sure to stop by again.Love the Forum at Caesars and after craving some mexican food, I was happy to find La Salsa. We started with a salsa mix of 4 different salsa's-all very good as well as some queso which was piping hot and very delicious. The fish taco's I had were really great. I liked the sauce, the grilled fish with cabbage and huge slices of fresh avocado. My husband had soft taco's, requested on flour tortilla versus corn. Came with three so he got one of each-chicken, carne asada and carnitas. All delicious. It was a lot of food and very tasty. Our waitress was very attentive and helpful. The indoor seating is small but we didn't have to wait long. You can sit outside with some misters but wait for the summer months to end.My friend and I were only in Vegas for a day for a wedding and we hadn't eaten all day. The heat just made our hunger and thirst worse! So we stumbled upon La Salsa Cantina at Caesars Palace and were unsure if the outcome would be good or not. Usually places like this are over priced and the quality sucks.Luckily, it wasn't like that! The food was so good. The menu is a small to fair selection. Typical mexican restaurants have pages and pages of food to choose from, but La Salsa only had a couple and they were great dishes to choose from.I had a grande chicken burrito and my friend had street style carne asada tacos. I was indecisive whether to get the burrito or a enchilada stack! I choose the burrito and what a great choice it was. Both of our plates had great portions of beans, rice, and our main entree. I had black beans and my friend had pinto beans. The only complaint I have is they didn't serve chips and salsa for starters. I glanced at a table across and they had chips and salsa, but another table didn't. So I'm guessing they serve them upon request. No big deal. Our meals had us full for the rest of the day. Oh, and the bus boy wouldn't stop hitting on my friend! That was annoying. Anyway, I highly recommend this place to anyone in the mood for great mexican food. I wish they had this place in Southern California!!!Sure, they are a chain. Sure, it is not authentic Mexican Food by a long shot. Still it isn't bad.I had a Taco Salad which was humongous! I barely finished it all! It tasted good though and fresh. The toppings of salsa, sour cream and guacamole tasted like they were supposed to! Steven's tacos were tasty as well!

1. dark

1. Super-duper-cheap

Lamb Bolognese: amazing! Rich and a good amount of lamb. The truffle ricotta on top complement ed the dish very well.

Arry's and the Golden Ox are my gold standard.I was in Vegas and needed a fix so I went to Sammy's. I ordered the standard pastrami and was very happy with the size and flavor. It was not as big as my gold standards but I could never finish those anyways. Sammy's is just the right size.The meat is cut thin and has a bit of a smokey taste. I will definitely be back for more.I came to this place just because my friend wanted to check it out. He said he saw it on the food channel, so I was more inclined to go. When you first arrive, you'll see that it's a very small restaurant with two tables for outside seating and 4 tables inside. Don't let the griminess get to you, because it does appear run down and dirty. I ordered the Philly Subsandwich and it was delicious!!! Hefty portions too! I actually couldn't finish my food, but damn, I'll reiterate. IT WAS DELICIOUS!If you don't mind that LA, NY grimy feel of a restaurant, I suggest checking this place out. You won't be disappointed.Good burger place, and a really good burger.  I have had the chipotle and the chipotle steak burgers.  The steak burger was awesome.  Think it had more steak than burger.  The egg on this burger was a nice touch. Last but not least the Chipotle ketchup is amazing here. I love chipotle and the way this ketchup is made. A must taste of you are in the area.Sammy's reminds me of the old burger shack joints in LA like Tommy's Original and maybe McDonalds in the 50's.  Back in the day, you had real good, big beef patties not the factory pressed pink slime molds full of filler and preservatives and nitrates.  The gourmet burger is all the rage these days.  Back when Carl's came out with the $6 burger, people scoffed at even paying $5 for a "$6" burger.  Today, nobody blinks an eye paying $5 for a sh tty burger.  The pastrami burger here is $8.  Not a big deal, because it's basically a burger and pastrami sandwich mixed together.  So it's like you bought a $4 burger and added a $4 pastrami sandwich and just got ride of two layers of bread.  I really liked it, because you could taste the pastrami, it was thick and meaty.  Some places like Subways I imagine the pastrami is transparent or just nasty fat with some vein of meat.  This was the real deal.  The only reason I heard about this place was because it was next door to Boiling Crab where I ate.  The one next door was closed so I actually looked this one up and drove across town for it.  The fries were also nice and big, not the skinny ones you get at McDonalds.  It was old-school fries.  This is basically all old-school, getting back to the roots of a good hamburger joint before it all went corporate and turned into Disney-sh t that gives us cancer and makes us obese.  I'm coming back here every trip to Vegas.This place is amazing.  Yes, it can use fresh paint, a vacuumed floor, and a bigger dining area.  But if it had all of that, it wouldn't be an awesome hole in the wall place that you don't want to miss.  Though I passed it twice before finding it, if you didn't know this place was here, you would never see it.  But then, it would be your loss.  The prices are a little high, so it's not going to be a regular stop for me - however, the pastrami is amazing and the burger is awesome.  Being always in the search for the perfect burger in Las Vegas, this place is now towards the top of the list.  The garlic fries are as awesome as every body else talked about.  My only disappointment is that I didn't get a double pastrami burger.  Though the single is plenty large, I felt sad as I took my last bite of my burger. I'm looking forward to trying the one closer to my side of town.  Just the thought of it now makes me want to go for lunch - but then again, I value my marriage and won't dear go without my wife!On recommendation, checked out this place. I unfortunately came in right when 10 people were ordering. It's a small joint, so it's just two people working most of the time, so the wait was long (upwards to an hour). However, I got the classic LA Pastrami, and it was worth the wait.A definitive positive is that they take care in everything they make. The sandwich was great. I also got a cherry lemonade and that was also very tasty. I'd say price is justified for the quality. I don't think it's usually busy so you probably won't have to wait as long as I did to get your delicious food.This place was BOMB!! I waited a while for the food, but it was SO worth it. I will def be going back on my next trip to Vegas!!OK so I'm back @ Sammy's Like I said I would when I come back to Vegas. Here for CES with my friend & said We gotta stop @ Sammy's. I've been here before & he only heard of Sammy's from what I've told him plus the pics. Looks Like he's coming back to Sammy's when he returns to Sin City :D SAMMY'S SAMMY'S SAMMY'Sunder impressed about the location and ambiance, but knew that the food and service was all that mattered. We shared the 502 sandwich and sweet potato fries and Oreo custard shake. I would order the sandwich and shake again in a heartbeat. Fries were average.The most memorable part of our visit was the guy running the place for the night. We were sorry we didn't catch his name since he was awesome, kind and made our experience even better .A friend from work and I ate here about a week ago and found out that the good things we heard were definitely true! Only con to me was the wait time for our food, which was a good 45 or so minutes. The pastrami sandwiches were so amazing demolished them fast lol. We also tried their parm and garlic fries, which were crunchy and delicious, also had their Cajun fries, those were pretty good but I liked the others better. All in all I would definitely go back, but make sure I had more time to spend waiting, make sure there's no where important you need to go asap lol.The burgers here are made to order. They are huge and packed with flavors. The patty a bit over cooked though.  This is what took a star away. Other than the patty being over cooked, every layer was fresh and tasty. The garlic fries was so yummie! Must try...While in the area, hubby and I decided to stop here for lunch. They have a drive-thru and chairs/tables outside. Their location on Decatur has only a drive-thru and walk-up window (seating outside), but at this location you can walk inside to order and they also have a dining area. I noticed a $14 for $20 yelp deal upon checking in, so I purchased it. The guy who took my order was very nice, but had some issues figuring out the yelp deal. He called the manager and it all got straightened out. The portions here are big, so hubby and I shared. We started out with "Fried Mozzarella" priced at $8.69 for the large and side if sauce. These weren't bad at all, but not the best I've tasted either, above average. I've had the "Garlic Romano Fries" from the Decatur location and loved them, so at $4.59 I ordered them with a side a Sammy's Sauce. The fries here were consistent with the ones I had previously, so they tasted great! Next I enjoyed my half of "The L.A. Pastrami" priced at $10.79 for the large. The pastrami was very tender and had good flavor. It also has mustard, pickles and cheese on it. This sandwich even comes in a extra large size! Even their small sizes are fair, so if you get a medium size or larger, it's very possible you could share with someone depending on your appetite. This place is definitely worth giving a try!Came late after leaving a WWE event in Las Vegas and they were about to close but we didn't want to take the food all the way back to the Cosmo for it to get cold. They let us take our time to eat and the Pastrami Sandwich was absolutely delicious! I wish I could come back and give it a second try, definitely stopping by the next time I am in Vegas.Incredible menu!  Sooooo many great choices!  I had the Steak Burger which was surprisingly tender and the cheddar/bacon fries.  Super huge portions. Will make this a frequent stop to try EVERYTHING!Okay I visited the location at Decatur & it made me rethink my rating. It's worth a try because the food really is delicious.  I just can't stand how hot it is inside. I think we'll come back when it's not 110 degrees. Towards the Fall or winter.American burger joints are all the same.  Except for Sammy's.  Sammys is better.  If you want a cheap combo and want it fast go McDeezy.  They are not a damn bistro or deli it's a real 'Merican burger joint. With real ice cream or custard shakes.The prices are about 7-12$ for a burger.  The regular fries are about 3-7$ bucks.  There are "meal fries" from 7-15$.  The Large drinks are 2.69. *ask for a vanilla rootbeer or vanilla lemonade*The difference is the burgers are thicker than Fatburger and can have ribeye steak, the thickest bacon anywhere, fried eggs, pastrami, and or Italian sausages in them and on the higher price side that includes 3 patties with those ingredients and soo much cheddar. The regular fries are super rich choosing either of 5 different flavors.  Including garlic romano parmesan, bbq, ranch flavored fries.  Get this, there are "Meal Fries" that consist of about a pound of fries in a number of different styles.  Steak Fries- 1 pound of sliced ribeye 1/2 pound of pastrami and chili cheese jalapenos.  Gyro fries- sliced lamb tszaki cream feta cheese cucumber onions and tomatoes. Then theres the "3 Square Meal" fries it has everything in the steak fries add fried egg italian sausages and thick cut bacon and a kitchen sink.These can all be shared by 3 people and all will be full.  Add a tripple burger and cut it in thirds then all will be over filled.Greasy glutinous and gravely high in cholesterol.  You could only eat here once in a month or you will be prescribed blood pressure meds.Solid grinds, and food.  The sandwiches are delicious and I would like to try more, the greasy spoon in my loves this place.  Hangover, this place will cure it.  Hungry , this place will cure it.  Cheap, its cheap, this is not expensive, but not cheap by any means.   Its next to the Al Phillips old cleaners building, in a little A frame.  between buildings, its stand alone.  A little hard to find, but not if you find it once.  Did I just write that..lol   Go find it, its good..Service is slow as molasses, but the food is really good. That's the trade off. If you can get past the wait, you'll enjoy it. Prices are a bit high, but again the food is good. Garlic Romano fries are awesome!Five stars if the service at night was better.I wouldn't down any of the good tho it's fantastic all the time and the drinks are bomb cityGreat spot to eat after a long night out in Vegas!  Don't miss out order the Pastrami burger and the garlic Romano fries . Only reason I didnt give them 5stars was they charge you one dollar to use your bank card. But overall the food here is fabulous and delicious.Being a native Angelino I can't tell you how frustrating the food scene is in Vegas. Yes we have all the famous chef's and their restaurants no disrespect but sometimes you need that greasy food, shabby decor kinda a place to get your grub on! Sammy's is that, it reminds so much of home and all the neighborhood haunts we would frequent growing up! LOVE IT!A very small place, only can fit about 16 people in their dinning room. Customer service isn't in their agenda. Had to wait about 15mins until someone eventually came up where I can get their attention to place an order BUT their food is amazing. Definitely made up for the lack of customer service.This place was surprisingly very good. I got the philly cheese steak and it very cheesy and good. My friend the pastrami sandwich and he said that it was very good too. The seasoned fries are delicious. The gentleman that helped us was very friendly and he even gave us a drink on the house.It's a must have kinda place. Awesome I had the 502 I believe it's called pastrami steak chili cheese fries jalapeño in a soft hoagie roll. Get your Homer J Simpson on here and the lemonade is refreshing with 4 flavored to enjoy and quench any thirstgo hungry!  big portions, real shakes, so be prepared for sloppy hands and happy mouth.  start with SMALL fries, and if you can finish that - order bigger next time.  as many say here - worth the extra price for quality food.I'm from LA & was visiting a friend, got hungry and came across this bad boy. Haven't eaten a pastrami ANYTHING in a long time, so I decided to try it out. One of the best decisions in my life! Sammy's was so delicious that I'm thinking of making it my "go to" place whenever I'm in Vegas. I gave it 4 stars cause of the food. Only reason why I didn't give it a 5 was because the customer service was awful. The lady attending me seemed as if she had an attitude, maybe hadn't gotten laid. But anyways. Aside from her, the food was delicious. Also, might wanna order ahead if you don't already know. It takes a while for you to get your order in the drive thru.Was craving chili cheese fries, stopped by the drive thru after getting my nails done. Place needs a few repairs, but I was just focused on the food and taste. My first time here, got the medium deluxe chili cheese fries. Let me just say yes, yes and YES! This chili was DELICIOUS. My order was fresh and hot, it was so good, I kept burning my mouth because I couldn't stop eating it! Not a big fan of pastrami but man do they know how to make chili cheese fries. Nummy! Will definitely be back. If you're in  the area, don't let the outside of this place keep you from trying the food. This IS the REAL deal Holyfield.Delicious food. My wife had the bacon cheeseburger. And I had the pastrami burger. We also shared chilly cheese fries and a very good chocolate custard shake. You will wait a while for the food because there was only one person who takes your order and makes the food. Or there was only one person when we went. The wait is with it though. Kind of on the expensive side. We spent $32.00 for what we ordered. Its just a few minutes away from the strip, so it might be a good place to stop by if you want something to eat while you wait to check in your hotel.So this is the best spot that is low key hole in the wall place serving the most juicy amazing pastrami I have had in my life!! Being from Detroit wanting corn beef sandwich all the time. This place suffice oh so well. My daughter had a plain ole cheese burger and ate it all mind you she never eats burgers u less its Mickey d's. So that's saying something. The lemonade is real fresh not sweet with sugar but makes you wanna go to hot dog on a stick and tell them talk slippin!! But serious I am so pleased to have driven by and came across this place bathe only reason I didn't give 5 stars is my table was wobbly with cardboard under but hey I didn't go for the decor I came for the big portion of reasonably priced amazing pastrami. Did I mention they had pastrami!!!In a nutshell, this place is fuckin bomb. The service was a little slow today, but they were swamped with people and only one cute Mexican lady was working. My boyfriend got the flammin pulled pork samdwich, I got a small, I repeat SMALL order of pastrami chili fries with grilled onions. It was actually pretty fast for a little joint and one cook doing register AND drive through. People are just impatient. This place is the awesome.Edit: I vaguely temper getting a terrible stomach ache after this......one that hurt so bad I was doubled over in pain for hours. Coinsidence....or nah?Although the outside of this place looks sketchy, the food was good. I ordered the Pastrami Burger with Egg and my BF ordered the Chipotle Burger, both were pretty tasty and delicious. We also ordered the chili cheese fries. Small size was good enough for both of us and our daughter.For a small place that seats 12 and has a drive through it is understandable to have just one cook/cashier but it will be awhile until you get your food. There was 6 of us in house and 1 in drive through. Wait was about 30-40mins for our food and we were in the middle that ordered.Burgers got messy. I don't mind messy burgers, it happens... But they didn't have a restroom for customers to wash their hands after. They had a sanitizer dispenser but it was empty and we asked for napkins twice. (They literally gave us 2 napkins each time)I'm not complaining at all about these statements I have just said, I'm just trying to give the future customers a heads up. Food was great and customer service was good. Just be prepared for those things that's all :)Garlic fries, onion rings were on point. I had the 502 sandwich which was kind of sweet so I regret getting it but would like to try the other items. Nice hole-in-the-wall food joint with a number of options.3rd time here, favorite sandwich place in the land of V, large pastrami with cheese, among the top 10 places to eat in Las Vegas, i think.Gluttonous. Huge portions and pools of grease. The service was not that great, and I asked for extra crispy garlic fries and got flaccid potatoes, which was dissapointing. The Philly cheesessteak was very tasty, and the BBQ brisket sandwich with provolone was pretty good too. My friend and I each bought one medium sized sandwich and traded halves for maximum variety, which was a solid move. If you ever want to tell your diet to go f**k itself, and enjoy it, this is the place to eat.Their credit card machine was down, and I had no cash on me, and a nice gentleman by the name of Douglas who was sitting at a table close to the register  eating a large pastrami sandwich and fries got up and payed for my meal in cash. I told him that I couldn't accept his generous offer,  but he insisted on the one condition that I one day also spread this pay it forward attitude, because if everybody did this once for someone else, then the world would be a better place. It is clear that their food draws in a genuinely nice crowd as well. Will dine again.I took my cousin here years ago for her birthday and here we are tonight celebrating her birthday and eating  pastrami. I haven't been here in a while and it seems like they have new owner. But I still love it. I always get the same, LA pastrami with cheese and garlic fries. It's a very small whole in the wall place. But it's deliciousSaw this on Diners and Dives so decided to check it out.  Certainly a low rent place. Come here for the food and not the atmosphere.  A great place if you like grease or huge portions. Dont even come here looking for anything vegetarian, it doesn't exist.  A big selection of flavors of milk shakes which go down real easy with all the grease coating your stomach and throatThis is my go to spot in Vegas for a pastrami fry or sandwich. Their lemonades are also good. I have tried other options from the menu like their cheese steaks and I believe anyone would love the garlic fries. This is a good spot for if you have the munchies or just want a good eat but not for everyday consumptionI absolutely love their food. We like to come here every so often since it's close to home. I'll give the quantity and quality of the food 5 stars - we never leave feeling unsatisfied, always freshly cooked, and the portions are HUGE. Unfortunately, because it's a small place on a busy street with so few workers/cooks, the service is usually very slow and sometimes forgetful, which is why I couldn't bring myself to give it 5 stars. We don't go here if we are in any rush or looking for a quick, short meal. But it's actually a nice date spot for us, and it's best to go with our stomachs ready for lots of delicious fries, juicy meaty sandwiches, mile-high burgers, and probably my favorite place for shakes and floats!First of all don't be an idiot and sit in the drive-through and literally took 15 minutes for me to get to the window where you can order the actual menu is not even presented until you get there and when you're at the window there's so many things to choose from do you feel rushed so park and go insideI will say this I tried the original LA pastrami the medium size and got the garlic fries and damn they were both extremely tasty and massive .The only issue I had is it is a very expensive thing to splurge on but you are getting quality so for all these reasons I'm not giving it a three and I'm not give it a five, 4 stars is right where deserves,  unless you move to a better location and lowers the price a little bit then it will be a five but you should go get your grub on if you're dying for a solid pastrami sandwich with some awesome friesThis is NOT a place to practice moderation (I do this during the week), but it's not surprising why this place was featured on the Travel Channel's Food Paradise, "Drive- thru" edition, which I saw recently btw (was on this past weekend; funny, we ate here, before even seeing the feature, thanks to Yelp.com). Amazing Pastrami here!!! The food is made to order (warm, fresh, good eats), but the wait is well worth it. When we visited, there was one other customer besides us (during lunch). We have a favorite sandwich (we've been to the other location as well), the LA Pastrami (pastrami, mustard, pickles, & melted provolone on good quality rolls), so we were able to use our restaurant.com certificate (no longer participating, sad face). Mmm, such "high quality fast food" as the owner stated in the feature. The flavor of the pastrami is delicious, the meat is lean, not fatty or greasy. (I've had pastrami at other places so I have a pretty good frame of reference. My fave growing up was Max's in SF, my uncle worked there and we enjoyed the food, good memories too. I do want to try a famous deli down the line, though.) On one hand, you want to take your time, but on the other, you just want to down it. Ranch fries takes the fries to a higher level, what flavor (it is saltier, though; again, this is where you break all your diet rules). Generous portions on the sandwiches, and fries, for that matter. Such a large menu (so many yummy options and possibilities---burgers, chicken sandwiches, melts, pitas, fries & starters, chili fries, wings, strips and shakes besides drinks), but we've gotten the same items because it is that yummy. And you know, we'd probably get the same things next time, too!The place is small (but clean), could probably be in the "hole in the wall" category" if one just based it on the inside seating (four to six tables, with chairs, maybe?). There is seating outside, as well (umbrellas). And of course, the drive-thru window. The cashier, who was new, was training, but she was very nice. The manager was going through procedures with her. The website is pretty user-friendly (a plus). You can order online from either location and you can also purchase gift cards online too.Home of the 502 Challenge: a 6.5 pound meal, 2 pounds of fries, one pound of chili, one pound of steak, one pound of cheddar cheese, and half a pound of grilled onions and jalapenos, at $24.99. Saw this on the Travel Channel feature, too.OMG This sandwich was so freakin' good. And those garlic fries are so delicious. My boyfriend and I are definitely eating here again.Great food overall. The lady working there is extremely nice. I would have given them 5 stars however it did take them a while to get the sandwiches out to us.I was treated to sammys for lunch, I honestly didn't know what to expect. Just the usual burger joint? Nah, something a bit better. I was actually surprised by the portions. I ordered the Big bacon cheese burger and the ranch fries. It's a bit pricey, but worth it.Great pastrami sandwich. I thought the price was a bit too much. The service was great. My only complaint was that horrible smell. They explained they had a sewer problem that had been fixed and the smell should go away in a couple of days:)It's spring break at McGill University and one of my professors and I decided to go work elsewhere to grab a bite. She suggested Cafe Castel. It was my first time. Very nice interior design, huge windows all around giving on Sherbrooke st. and Peel downtown Montreal, the cafe is part of the Best Western hotel. The most delicious chocolate nut croissant, it was my first time having it. Very nice latte. My only dislike is that they do not take credit card, debit only and with a minimum purchase of 6$. Staff friendly, place clean. Got a little loud around lunch to do work, but overall good experience.Étant étudiante à McGill, je vais presque toujours au café Castel, car il n'est pas commercial comparativement aux autres cafés dans le coin. Ce café se démarque par ses grandes fenêtres, sa décoration particulière et les dessins originaux que les employés font sur presque tous leurs cafés. Les repas servis sont très savoureux et malgré l'achalandage élevé de ce petit café, le service est assez rapide. Cet endroit  est bien situé et est idéal pour faire des travaux ou bien pour prendre un pause avec des amis.Good place to hang out with friends over coffee. Nice atmosphere and consistent coffee.Expensive food, go to Super Sandwich just across if you are hungry.Came here with my partner and the man behind the counter was delightful. Swift and polite. I ordered a cafe mocha while my partner ordered the cafe latte. Great prices especially since we got beautiful art on our beverages! I was pretty floored seeing how fast he made it. Its a cozy place with more seats in side back. I absolutely loved my mocha. Smooth and rich. The cafe latte was not as special to me or my partner. Definitely would come back again though. Especially since they have stamp cards :).Great customer service. I wanted a drink that wasn't on the menu and they gladly accommodated my request. My husband ordered a croissant which was also good. My favorite aspect of this cafe is the ambiance. They have a sun roof and the walls are windows, allowing the light to flood in. Cute little two person tables, so romantic. Definitely a place you want to check out!I admit I was first drawn here because I heard of their amazing latte art and needed to check it out for myself. I ordered a cafe ole, which is like a latte, but with even more milk. I enjoy milky lattes though, so I was content with my drink

-Quiet (and we were there on a busy weekend with a home football game)

The food was good, plenty of it and they have dandy pastries. I don't know the names of all of them but they are good.

Restroom next to playground (standard dirty facility needing toilet paper & soap) bring hand sanitizer

The Generals chicken and Mongolian beef are great and just the right amount of spice for my taste (which is a little bit of heat overall with an occasional zing of hot pepper that takes you by surprise and sends you running to the kitchen for water. Perfect! :)The interactive menu doesn't always work for me, which is a little disappointing, but that could be a browser conflict and there is a PDF menu download that resolves that problem so it really isnt much of a problem at all. I look forward to trying many of the other tasty looking dishes on the menu and I imagine that this is going to become one of my favorite places for takeout during my stay here in Chandler. Highly reccomended.Took my family there because people had recommended it to me; note to oneself..."TAKE OUT"...not dine in! The food was good overall...fried rice was a bit dry and not as flavorful as I would have expected for house fried rice, general tso's chicken was nice and the sticky white rice was good. It deserves another try because it was good!My mom and I ordered delivery a couple nights ago. The man answering the phone was very friendly and accommodating, however it took a while to get my street address and credit card number right because he kept confusing the numbers, and I had to repeat it at least 2-3 times. That was a little frustrating, but other than that, it was so quick, that I was surprised when I heard the doorbell ring. I like that some menu items (on the dinner menu) have a small and large portion available. My mom got the small and that gave her two meals! We got an order of Crab Ragoons (8 for $3.75) my mom got a small portion and I got a large portion, all for $20! SO much food, for a fantastic price. I wish that their whole menu listed descriptions of the meals, what kind of sauce, what specific vegetables were in each dish, etc. Overall, great place, and if I ever want to order in again, I'll go here :)Been getting food to go from here for over 3yrs. My wife usually tend to get the same items. Why fix something when it works.She always gets the Mongolian Beef lunch special, or dinner. Every once in a while we indulge in the Crab Rangoon. I tend to alternate between the Singapore Noodle, Chicken Fried Rice and the Chow Mai Fun.It's not the best Chinese food I've had, but I never had a complaint regarding the quality and quantity of my food. I've never had to wait longer then 10 mins to pick up my food as well.They recently raised the price on their lunch specials by $0.50, but it is still a killer deal at $5.49.Good food, good prices.We love this place. It's awesome delivery service. We have eaten here for 3+ years and the food is always very good, especially for the prices. When we order, they always tell us about 30 min for delivery but then show up in 20 min with very HOT food. The restaurant itself is not anything pretty or nice. If you can look past cosmetics, you will enjoy the food.I always have trouble finding Chinese food places that are good in AZ! However, this place is sooo good, and reasonable priced!1st time& other Chinese rest. didn't seem worth while So I ordered the sesame chicken & general tao with fried rice. My only problem was I expected the general to have a bite to it. I normally need a glass of water right by me. It wasn't the case so I will return and try something else. The large size is made for 2 people!!!!I was born and raised in NYC. This place reminds me of takeout places back home. I have been a customer for a couple years now and will continue to be. By far the best Chinese takeout food in the area.I've been living in the valley for 3 years now and I love everything about this place, except the Chinese food!  I have been nothing but disappointed up to this point.  Everyone claims to have NYC Chinese and none of it is even close.  I just happen to be in chandler and happen to stop by this place.  It was a toss up between the safe bet (the bbq spot next door) and this joint.  After carful thought I decided to give this place a try.  Everything about the inside reminded me of home but I need to try the food to be sure.  I ordered the basics; shrimp fried rice, orange chicken, and beef and broccoli.  To my surprise, the food resembled NYC Chinese food!  The orange chicken looked normal, not like sweet and sour chicken balls.  The sauce had orange peals and red chili peppers.  Could this be?  Is this the real deal? I've learned to inspect and taste the food before I leave.  I'm happy to say that after one small bite I was blown away.  I took one bite and was back in Brooklyn at the So Good Chinese Carry out.  This is hands down the best Chinese food in town, so good that I drive 40 miles to chandler once a week to get a taste of NYC.  If your from the east coast and love NY style Chinese food, this is the place to get it.  NO WHERE  in the Valley can come close to this place, I want them to open more locations around the valley!My husband and I ate here for the 1st time today and we'll definitely be going back. The portions were large and the food was delicious! Not the most aesthetically appealing place to sit down and eat, but I'm there for the food!Hubby and I are pretty satisfied with the food we've been getting from this place.  It just about one of the only 'delivery/take-out/dine-in' fast chinese food place in this part of town, so we were hesitant it would be any good.. .turns out it is!We've had it in the past (like over 4 years ago) but I can't say I recall how it was but recently were craving chinese food delivery and got it already a few times in the past 3 weeks and I gotta say that it is top of our list for to-go/delivery food.Here's what I've ordered:

It's a good place. Lots of neat stuff, and at prices that are actually pretty damn fair compared to what you'd have to pay online (and that's not even counting shipping costs!).

Nächstes Jahr komm ich gerne wieder!

They keep track of what is bought, if you have the little card thingy, so if you don't have a receipt it isn't the end of the world.

The pool areas, common areas, poolside bar, and convention areas are gorgeous though!! You instantly feel right at home in these areas and it was beyond pleasurable just hanging out at the hotel! Really perfect for group gathering and family away-time. And did I mention everything is gorgeous?? Because it really is! Only other negative is that they charge a ridiculous amount for wifi, which is in ADDITION to the daily resort fee, and don't provide complimentary water bottles, which you would think would be a no brainer for a luxury resort in the middle of a desert state.This is classic desert resort at its best.  Mellow and yet with full amenities.  I stayed in the "Oasis" area on the 2nd floor--not a casita--but really liked it.  It was quiet and had a beautiful deck overlooking the Oasis pool area.  Karen at the front desk was terrific too.  Only criticisms were 1) the lack of readily available info on the fitness classes held which I would have liked to have gone to if I had known 2) the water slide at the second (main) pool was out of service.Internet is now included as part of the $18 resort fee.I would stay there again.Slightly 1980's decor, but definitely very large rooms and great service.  The golf courses and resort are very well maintained.  There are two pools and a few restaurants in the area.  It is located pretty close to I-10 which made it very easy to get to other places.  My favorite course was the Blue- and they also have someone pick you up from your room and will drive you to the club house.  The pools are very clean and we saw a lot of families staying here.  I would say I wish they had nicer tv's but I did like the touch screen thing they had in the rooms where you can get information on the resort and local attractions.My husband and I decided to do a little staycation at the Wigwam - just 2 nights.  We had never stayed there before, but had attended a seminar and an office function in the past and we thought it was a pretty cool place.  Lots of history, which we really love!  When we arrived on Monday we asked for a room over by the adult pool, and the person checking us in said, "Oh, the Oasis Pool?" and we said yes.  I had read on their website that it was an adult pool and she confirmed that with her statement.  So we were off to our room and I had lovely visions of laying by the pool with nice music playing and a cabana bar nearby where waitpeople would come by and bring us fruity rum drinks.  So we got our suits on and ventured out to the pool.  There were only 3 other people there, and two of them were teenagers.  No big deal.  They were being quiet.  So we looked around for the cabana bar, and there was one, but it was closed (and there was no music).  I was disappointed, but thought maybe it would open a little later (it was 3:00pm).  Well it didn't open and it was pretty obvious that it would not open anytime in our lifetime.  So my husband found a phone over at the bar with a sign that said you could order over the phone and they would bring the drinks/food to us.  We ordered a Bud Light and a fruity rum drink.  It took about 20 minutes to arrive.  The bill was $24.00.  $24.00!!!!!!  The beer was $5, fruity rum drink was $8, a room service fee of $7 and a delivery fee of $4!  Was it our fault the Cabana bar wasn't open?!?  I asked the server (who could barely speak English) when the Cabana bar would be open.  She said in broken English, "Only open on special occasions".  What?!?  So off she went and then here come the little kiddos all excited and immediately doing cannonballs off the side of the pool!  Woo hoo!!!  OK, now I'm upset.  So I call the resort on my cell and ask if they have an adult pool.  I'm told the main pool is separated by a bridge and one side has the water slide, etc, blah, blah.  Then I say, I heard you have an Oasis Pool that is for adults.  And I'm told, well, most of the kids are at the other pool, so you would only occasionally see children at the Oasis Pool (as I'm being splashed by the latest cannonball).  He says, children are allowed at all the pools, however.  I thanked him.  Ok, so they don't have a specific "adult" pool.  Just another disappointment.  Don't get me wrong, I love kids.  I just don't want to put up with screaming and cannonballs while I'm attempting to enjoy my $12 Mai tai.

They even have lil bits of paper to throw way ur chewing gumMy mojito and salmon were delicious! Plus, our waiter was attentive but not evasive. I will definitely be going back!Great place for dinner or Date Nite.  The food and service is good (sometimes) and the Dessert list needs major improvement and variety.  The Wine list and wine bar is a nice place to join Friends and meet business associates or have a meeting. Wonderful environment and close to our Grayhawk community of not having to drive into the city.Upbeat place with good food and liquor. I had the ahi tuna app and the az egg roll and that was enough for dinner. Decent price and sports on the tv at the bar.This is the place to be apparently!  Excellent service, good food, and heaters on the patio! My experience with the restaurant is from hosting a happy hour for an organization in which I am involved. Parking: easy - it's in this shopping center with all these other stores, similar to one of the other billions of outdoor strip mall type things in the valley. Service: amaze! We had a very handsome guy and lady help us out for the happy hour event. They were attentive, nice, and provided suggestions. This was a happy hour for individuals in the health field, and they provided ideas for veg-based foods.  The waters were refilled every few minutes, and the food came out super quickly and was good. Food:   One can order happy hour foods only at the bar, so we did not.  We ordered: Chips and guac, ahi tuna, chips and artichoke dip, Brusells sprouts, caprese salad, roasted carrots, and a few other items for folks to share.  The grilled artichokes/dip were delicious! This was a unique dish. The caprese salad and roasted carrots were also tasty. The artichoke dip was mostly cheese and very little artichoke or spinach.  The roasted carrots were warm and slightly sweet -soft but not mushy. Ambiance: Chill, seemingly like any other trendy chain place. This place was *packed* on a Tuesday night at 6-6:30pm. I did not realize it was such a happenin' place, but with the service and good food, I can see why!Love their famous chicken salad. Great burgers, salads, and desserts. Service is always great too!Absolutely delicious! One of the best meals I've had in a loong time! Service was great!The food was delicious! I got the parmesan crusted sirloin and my husband got the bbq meat platter (ribs, chicken, pulled pork) and it was all great.  My only complaint was my portion size.  Small steak and a small pile of fries.  It was a good thing my husband got a bit more food because I finished his plate. You would think spending $75 (w/o tip) would mean you'd have some to take home but nope! But it was still delicious.Also, make a reservation.I felt way under dressed in my jeans.  A very nice ambiance and I enjoyed our meal.I had the filet mignon cobb salad and it was the perfect dinner.  The meat was so tender and the combination of additional ingredients was delicious.  (I did not have the bacon on it.)The friends I enjoyed dinner with had:

- Great location

フォレストガンプファンにはたまらないお店です。

The reason we come here and stopped going to hot n juicy is because of the atmosphere... It's simply way more comfortable, especially with young children in tow.If your craving some seafood, this is the place to be. This place stays busy, I highly suggest calling before heading to the restaurant. Service is fast and accurate, we had no issue with our order. A must try while in Vegas.I love this restautant, especially shrimp and oyster.  The service is great, poeple are so nice there.   Every time we have gathering, we always go there.I've been going to Boiling Crab for years, and it's always a solid meal. We seem to always order:Shrimp: Yes, I know it's called Boiling Crab, but you get the best value with shrimp. Medium spice, whole shebang, extra juicy is the way to go! We also line up the heads after we're done eating...it's just quirky tradition. We also ask for the lemon and salt/pepper as an extra dipping sauce. Sides: Corn is love. I always get at least two corns. I also order a side of rice because the sauce with rice is amazing. Cajun Fries: Great spices! Great choice if you love fries as much as I do. Service: Pretty inconsistent. It's hard to get a hold of someone. Most recently, it took forever for us to get our check. I would say their service has the biggest room for improvement. If your friends aren't friends of shellfish, the fried catfish is also pretty good. I love the Vegas location because it's way less crowded without compromised taste!We were in Vegas for a conference for the entire week and had a night off. Since one of us was driving I decided to take my overseas colleagues here for something different. We waited around 20 minutes, which was pretty reasonable. We got the whole shebang at medium spice with a pound of shrimp, which was not quite spicy enough for us but it was good. We also ordered a fried catfish basket, two orders of fried chicken wings and cajun fries. Service is good, as it is with the other locations. Everyone was happy with their dinner and this certainly was a better option than dining in one of the restaurants on the strip.The lineup was lengthy but considering the quality of the food, it was understandable.  This place has about 52 TVs!!  This place is a license to print money. Smart business operation. Tear away paper or some sort of plasticky paper serves as your tablecloth and plates that can just be gathered to haul away the garbage when cleaning up.  I'm a little disappointed in the time it took to get our food. We ordered two dozen raw oysters, 4 lbs of shrimp with no spice and mild spice shebang. There are a few options on how to receive your shrimp from no spice to 10/10 can't feel my face spiciness. Also ordered 5 orders of rice and 6 corn on the cob which was in a bag of beautiful clarified butter. The shrimp arrived in two bags because of the difference in the levels of spice. Delicious flavour!! Suck the heads as you pull them off. Damn good. Refills are free for drinks and even can change to another beverage. The server was friendly and even put our bibs on. I'm so happy to be back here for a 2nd time. The food didn't disappoint the 2nd time around. They could've managed the wait times a bit better as there were a few empty tables and a huge lineup. We'll be back!!Great place for families and groups. Not great for dates unless you want them to see how sloppy you can be. The crab was great. Server helped me with it. Even the mild is spicy so take care.I have never been to a restaurant like this and my first experience was pretty good. Our server Lisa was very nice and efficient. They place bibs on you because it can get quite messy eating with your hands. You order the seafood by the pound but the snow crab was not exactly a pound and I guess they explain this to you. The seasonings were very nice and the food was great. And our waters were filled often which was nice because you can choose what level of hot you want I and I got medium. We ordered fries that took awhile to come out but other than that I would definitely come back.This place is great! One of my favorite places to go to eat. The only downside is the wait to get a table and then the wait to get your food. I'm usually waiting around 40-60 minutes by the time I walk in to the time I get my food. But it's definitely worth the wait. Food is seasoned excellently and the servers are very attentive.Plenty of televisions to keep you entertained. Nice atmosphere Yummy items. Can't make up my mind what to choose . Party of 9 was no problem to seat.Anytime you need a seafood fix, come to Boiling Crab! The whole shabang never leaves my tummy unhappy. Service can get a little challenging especially since I go with big parties but other than that, it's worth the visit. I usually get shrimp with the whole shabang, corn, and lemon pepper fries. So delicious, so worth the extra calories.4.5 Stars. This is the one place in Vegas that I'm willing to go off The Strip for. My buddy introduced me to Boiling Crab a couple of months ago and during my most recent trip, it was a no-brainer that I had to go again. If you've read any of the other reviews for this place, the seafood is obviously bonkers. Boiling Crab specializes in churning out boils not only for crab (duh), but a variety of our delicious crustacean and mollusk friends - shrimp, lobster, crawfish, clams, and oysters.The interior combines the charm of a coastal seafood market (beach wood tables and benches, large chalkboard menu) with some unique original touches (graffiti clad walls, GIANT airplane propellers for ceiling fans). The space itself is HUGE. But even so, the waits can get lengthy during peak hours. To avoid the wait during my last visit, I came around 5:30pm on a weekday and was seated immediately.The Sauce/Spiciness. Once you decide what seafood to order, you have to choose a sauce and heat level. For me, I have only tried the "The Whole She-bang!" which is a combination of all three sauces (Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, and Garlic). You may be cynical, but TRUST me, this sauce is seafood ambrosia. The flavors go with everything on the menu. As for spiciness, I tend to prefer not to let too much spice overpower the flavor of the seafood, so I usually go mild (you'll still get a touch of heat).During my latest visit, I had the clams ($10/lb), snow crabs ($18/lb), king crabs ($27/lb), and shrimp ($12/lb). The clams were great and just the right amount of tender. The ONLY slight slight slight criticism I had - which is why I'm not giving 5 stars - was the crab legs. Given the price I paid, I expected them to taste just a little bit fresher, and a couple legs were a tad overcooked. Don't get me wrong, they were still good, just not to my standards of what "5 star" crab legs should be. As for the shrimp (served shell on), they are my absolute favorite item on the menu. Not only were they the best bang for my buck at $12/lb while also having the best meat to shell ratio, the shrimp were cooked to perfection and pair perfectly with the Whole She-bang! sauce. So yes, you absolutely have to order the shrimp.If you're a seafood junkie and are willing to venture a couple of miles off The Strip, this is the place to hit up. You will get a little messy and dirty (like most things Vegas), but it's damn worth it (unlike most things Vegas).One of our favorite places to eat at. Always a treat!

*People looking for the hip bar, this place is not very crowded

It looked a lot like a small residential dwelling that had been converted into a restaurant. In fact, it looked an awful lot like my Aunt Marion's house when I was growing up. It was warm, friendly, and it had a homey type of comfort to it that made us all feel relaxed.

The staff are typically not only friendly but carry a chatty Italian charm. It's sometimes hard to tell whether they are genuine or if they are in fact displaying well develop stage personas!One of the restaraunt's greatest charms is the upper level, called the Hispania. This part of the restaraunt is no different in what its serves but is decorated differently. Instead of the naked classical forms displayed in the main part, this section of the restaurant has a seven-seas, 18thc century pirate theme (presumably Spanish). It's really quite odd, but all the better for it. Pirate skeletons sit at tables and gazing sinisterly over the land lubber diners. Hanging up above you notice a cage, imprisoned inside another skeleton, peering down. This is clearly a favourite for children and those with child at heart.Keeping with its less flashy feel, Ciao Roma sells Italian standards, with a range of pasta and pizzas, as well as a few more original dishes. Prices are reasonable and a student discount is offered.

This place has become our neighborhood takeout Viet. They've installed window treatments since, it's soften the ambiance a bit which was well needed. Also there's a new takeout menu, which is shorter but no less confusing.Last night we brought home and shared:#13 Pho Do Bien ($9) shrimp, squid, fish ball and fish pate. The shrimp was dry but aside from that an excellent, strong flavored Pho, we loved it.and

[Update: Last weekend we tried #2 - chicken bahn mi and #8- BBQ pork I think. Both were really good. I liked the chicken more than #8, so my top favorites are #6 and #2.]

cold, and wet.Del's Frozen Lemonade. Where to begin? First of all there is this location and the pop-up cart in the Vegas Outlet North. I had just finished shopping so I decided to grab some lunch. What caught my attention of this pop-up is that apparently it has been featured on food network. Now I am not certain of the validity of that but let's get down to the price. For 20 dollars, I received a lobster roll and a peach mango slushy. That is quite a hefty price to pay, but I figured I'm in Vegas, let's just go for it. Portion-wise it is very small probably equivalent to a 6 inch sub at best. The flavors were quite refreshing, the crispiness of the celery bits, the chunks of lobster, and the mayo wasn't too overpowering. Also, the bun is buttered very very well. As for the peach mango slushy, I recommend getting half juice half slushy as in my opinion it quenches your thirst very well on a hot day. The price is the only problem, but honestly it's a nice treat to have once in a while. Definitely a nice cool down on a hot summer day!They have outstanding burgers - juicy and full of flavor. I tried the pretzel burger the other night and it was so delicious!  They often have pretty good coupons in the mail too, so keep your eye out (buy one get one half off makes date night under $20)! We got the chips and quest appetizer last time, loved the chips not so much the queso.It loses its star due to the salad bar. I feel like they make such a huge deal about it when really it doesn't offer much. I'd like to see them add more fruit and maybe some cottage cheese.

Went for the lunch special. I got beef with mushroom, $6.25, hot n sour soup, house salad, fried rice, n fortune cookie. What a deal! Meat was tender, rice was killer as Ryan H. said in his review. Wife had Jalapeno shrimp and chicken, $6.95. Chicken was very tender, sauce sneeks up on you, very good. Same sides as above. Food arrived HOT, not room temp, major plus for me. Place was very clean including restrooms. I think they would be busier in a better location. They are kinda stuck behind other stores in a strip mall.

Whole Foods Market.

Je ne sais pas ce qui était maison ou pas, mais hormis les Margaritas qui n'était pas très fortes, la soirée fût bonne, autant en goût qu'en accueil...

My favorite? The Tuna Sandwich with Arugula on fresh bread.Simple. Delicious. Perfect.I have been coming to Pane Bianco since before the twins were born and before they expanded.  I love my fresh Mozzarella sandwich.  I had an appointment in downtown PHX, so I could finally get a fix.  It had been a few months since I had been able to go and get my sandwich.  I do agree with Iain B.  $10 for a sandwich is pretty hefty, but I cannot help but stop by when I am without the twins.  I was able to sit down at one of the picnic tables outside, yes it was hot, but that is why I live in AZ,  and enjoy my book while I ate my yummy treat.  My husband usually gets the Market sandwich, I had a taste of a few, they are really good, but nothing beats my choice.Went w/ 4 adult friends (and a teen) for a birthday dinner a couple wks ago. Food was really very exceptional, loved the casual ambience (we sat in the separate alcove) and the service was really above and beyond. I usually do not give glowing restaurant critiques but this was a very special night mainly because of the aforementioned. I'm definitely going back. My only detraction was the cost---almost 300$ and yes, we did have wine but NOT excessive amounts. Just be careful with what you wish  for.......We've been coming here for years and it's not new news but over the last year the menu here has changed. For Years I used to order the tuna salad because the sandwiches are too filling for me for lunch and it's gone now so I tried the chicken salad. The chicken salad was made with white meat chicken that was cooked well and was still was moist and tossed with a whole grain mustard lots of  apple and seemed sweetened with something. The greens underneath were very fresh and were garnished with a fresh ripe local tomato and it came with a piece of country bread. The salad was good and an above average salad but it was sweet.My husband always used to enjoy the sopressata sandwich and that one has also been updated to be made with roasted onions instead of the fire roasted red pepper. It's still a good sandwich but it used to be great with the red pepper mostly because of the natural juices the pepper added to the sandwich improved the flavor and the meaty texture of the pepper that made it easier to eat. The onions are good but not the same but it was nice that it came with a small side of apple slaw. They also don't give out the candies anymore with your meal.The bread is special from here as it's made with local heirloom grains.Went here with a friend.    I had the "market salad," which included prosciutto, pomegranates, persimmons, among many other ingredients.   It is amazing  how putting the right ingredients together affects the dish one eats.   It was one of the "specials" of the day.   Marco, the brother of the owner, was most attentive.    The person I went with is from New York.   Marco is from NY.    He is quite friendly, and is very good at making his guests feel welcome.     My friend told me about their pizzas.    Next time I shall not be distracted by their specials of the day and order the pizza.Great place for simple sandwiches and salads.  If you're looking for variety this is not the place for you.Stopped by Pane Bianco with my girlfriend yesterday on our way to the park. We both got the mozzarella, tomato, basil sandwich. It was delicious. The service was great and outside seating was dog friendly. I definitely want to check this place out again to see what else is on their menu!Pros

The bartender were friendly and pretty efficient.The beer selection is average, but the prices are fantastic.

- Found multiple holes in our room's walls and sheets... when we complained, they changed our sheets, but we found burn-holes in the new ones. Yeesh. Front desk was nice about it though and gave us a $50 voucher for in-house food credits

room was modern, clean and very spacious for the 5 of us girls.

3.  Price is reasonableThe hotel is absolutely nice and the buffet ambiance is open and refreshing and clean so you feel good first off.  The food in general is tasty and the service is always quick and polite. The steaks that are cut up and placed in sauce is a bit dry and I would have to give Bellagio Buffet the upper hand in that one.  The sushi isn't all that good, but most buffets in Las Vegas doesn't make it right, maybe except for Rio's Seafood Buffet.  For these reasons I won't give it a 5 star but overall presentation and taste this is my choice of buffet in Vegas.i believe i ate three times at this buffet and I've gotta be honest it's fine by my standard. they have quite the selection from Italian, American, and Mexican cuisines. they can also cook your omelet for you if you like, but i believe it's only during breakfast hours (correct me if i'm wrong) the place is kept well, it was clean when me and my friends dined. the service was fine too, no complaints at all. the only con for me is that they ran out of food fast. i sometimes have to wait for the food that i want. definitely a spot that i would hit up if i'm around Mandalay Bay.Now jumping back to Las Vegas!  City of Sin!  (FOOD! FOOD! FOOD!)  Sometimes I do feel very guilty for eating all that food while I'm in town.... hmmmm....ok.. I'm over my guilt!  What's next?The next up is the Bayside Buffet in Mandalay bay!I'm sort of surprised by some of the so so reviews for this place because every time I've been here whether it's just 2 people or a party of 6+, we've always had great meals.  Although I can understand that buffets starts to look all the same after a while but still, you can taste if the food is done right or not and that should be the main focus of the reviews.  So here is what we've had... (it's a party of 5 this time around for lunch!)Salad:  Little disappointed this time around because they had the bomb spinach salad... it's now nowhere to be found but just make your own salad.  Oh well, that shouldn't be my main focus anyway.Pizza:  Decided to try the BBQ chicken.  Very comparable to CPK's BBQ except it doesn't have all the onions and other little veggie groups like CPK, but still it was tasty.  Hot meat section:  Unlike other buffets where eat stations are named differently, I don't recall there was a name to each of the areas but just simply a wrapped around line of food, so I'll call it the "hot meat section!"  Osso Buco was extremely tender and the flank steak was actually moist and soft!  No dry at all!  Then they had this thick piece of beef (can't recall what it was now) but it literally was so soft that by using you fork you can make it flake off from the entire piece of meat!  Everyone in the group was very much raving about this.  (I think it was part of the shank which is why it's so juicy and soft!)  Then the typical prime rib, ham, etc...Custom pasta station:  A chef is behind 4 stoves with all the toppings you would want on your pasta served with I believe 3 different sauces (Alfredo, Marinara, and olive oil)  Very fresh and delicious looking, but I passed on the carbs to move to bigger and better things... Hot Seafood Section:  Some typical Salmon, fried shrimp, steam halibut, etc.  Everything was decent and tasty, but nothing to get too crazy about except for the battered shrimp.  It was fried to perfection and each of them are XXL sized shrimp!  So you really get to have the shrimp instead of having the breading just like many other places.Ethnic food section:  For some reason wasn't too into this today.... so passed on the Chinese/Mexican/Japanese fare with the exception of having couple pieces of sushi (California roll actually tasted good with fresh rice because some of the sushi in Vegas had Costco-like rice which is really nasty.. so it's refreshing to see at least this buffet is having good rice even though it's not a sushi restaurant)Dessert section:  My only gripe about this dessert is that it didn't offer much of a ice cream selection.  However, they did have this trio of sugar-free purees (tiramisu, Hazelnut, Pastachio)  All were absolutely wonderful tasting with right amount of creaminess and right amount of aroma infused into them.... since they were small so I had like 6 of them!  LOL!  But dessert could be little better than others on the strip for a hotel such as Mandalay bay hosting this buffet.Final Verdict:  Everyone still enjoyed this buffet and again I had no complaints.  I did however had less than usual because I took many small samples of it all and wasn't too hungry at that moment..  (I'm sure you all probably thinks I'm crazy now!  LOL!  Like.. what's up with this guy?  Does he have an endless stomach talkin' about that's not much food?  LOL!)  But Bayside Buffet is still one of the more enjoyable buffets on the strip if you ask me!  (Also, while you are at the casino, make sure you take a nice deep breath of coconut air!  Just stay away from the more smoky part of the casino.  It's actually pretty refreshing!)Pleasantly surprised at this buffet! We got the all-day deal for about $38 drinks except liquor included. All the MGM places have that good deal while Harrah's has the all 24 all u can eat thing. But considering we were staying at Luxor, far from everything, and that the reviews were bad for that buffet, we didn't mind the walk and the extra $8 for Mandalay.Breakfast: To our suprise, we came here the week before Miss Universe and all the contestants were eating breakfast. All the guys in our group were happy. Selection was good. It was def a brunch as well. Fresh fruits, antipasto, and all those cold selections. Crusted salmon was good. Basics like sausage, pancakes, eggs were there along with flavored crepes and pancakes. Cottage cheese crepes were good. They was also a italian and carving station. Overall, pretty satified. Lunch: Miss Universe contestants were there again. Happy campers to all. Food was good. Pretty standard buffet fair for lunch but it was good. They have sushi, not spectacular but if you need a decent sushi fix.. it'll do.Now for Dinner: PRIME RIB is a must. And everyone in our party agrees, it is def worth it for the prime rib alone. No miss universe here tho. haha. The salmon was there again. So i was happy along with the usual basics. Italian, chinese, and mexican buffet items. For ME though, the dessert section on the right side was so worth it. Many cakes, tarts, cookies, and cobblers to give you a sugar rush. Also cute sugar free items that tasted pretty good. Overall, you def get your money's worth. I don't know if it's b/c miss universe was there but I would go back to mandalay bay again.This is a breakfast review.Tasty omelets (although the omelet chef is a tad gruff), horrid coffee, and we breezed right in at 7:30am.Ate here a few times for breakfast and dinner during my stay here.  Overall, not bad, but the Wynn still holds the key to my heart in the buffet world.There was never a wait during the times I went, however, I did go later for each meal, 10am for breakfast and 8pm for dinner.The food was all very fresh, mainly because of the volume of people that travel through the place.  The price was very reasonable, $16 for breakfast and $27 for dinner.  The service was good, always keeping the drinks filled.The omelette station ALWAYS had a line there.  I never got one because of it.  That was a downer, but the prime rib they had sitting out because of the lunch changeover satisfied me enough.Nothing bad to say about Bayside. The payment kiosks are convenient and easy to use. The wait in line is very short. The wait staff was on top of things and was on point with refreshing drinks. I went for a late breakfast / early lunch so I got to sample a little of both. They had some flank steak out which was delicious and I have to mention the watermelon. Bayside had some of the juiciest most flavorful watermelon I've ever had. The only knock is the omelet line. Obviously a very popular station, so if you really want one you are going to have to wait.Dinner Buffet:  This is one of my favorite buffets in town.  It's small, but good.  I love their crab legs, meatballs, the salmon was really good.  I was really surprised, really moist.  I like that the lines generally aren't too long.  I've only been to dinner, always go when my parents come into town.Came here for a free lunch at about 11am. There was both breakfast and lunch food available. No line to get in. Quick seating. Friendly staff. Huge pieces of tender and juicy prime rib, smooth and not too salty mashed potatoes, savory beef gravy, brussels sprouts, soft and creamy small cheesecakes for dessert. A really good meal. The only thing I missed was some shrimp as an appetizer.If there is something I can say about the Bayside Buffet its STEAK TIPS. The steak tips are a must try! Also there is an auto pay system so no more long lines!Bayside Buffet at Mandalay Bay is another buffet I like. Its a nice buffet w/ good quality food, nothing too fancy. I  Heard Breakfast is really good, but only went for dinner. Good carving station (Prime rib, Turkey, sausage etc), good selection of foods (pretty big) -like steak/pork, crab legs and other seafood items. Dessert area is pretty good too. Place is a nice, clean,  wide open place.I'm not usually a buffet fan, but even I liked this one.  Some friends and I went here for brunch, and we left full and happy.  It's at the Mandalay Bay, so you can go in with expectations that it will be high quality.  There is a large selection, and you can bet that there is something for everyone.  They have a great dessert selection (for those with a sweet tooth), a lot of fruit (for the health nuts), and just enough greasy food (for those with a hangover).  I don't eat very much in general, so I typically do not get my money's worth at a buffet.  I'm not positive this time either, but I still feel like it was worth it.I've started coming here since a few years ago for dinner. Great prime rib, good variety of seafood, and excellent dessert.The rest of the food is above average, but nothing really memorable. All in all, this Bayside Buffet is pretty good for its price.Had brunch here and wasn't really expecting much. But dude was I surprised! First of all, the waiter gave us free champagne with free refills which my dad and I quickly capitalized on. Getting buzzed with dad yields some fine quality father-son time indeed!Onwards to brunch. The selection was pretty standard fare. Some pretty neat create-your-own pasta selections. Was very impressed with the squid pasta. Had a very potent taste and at the same time was very delicate and fresh like seafood should be. My dad single-handedly destroyed Mandalay Bay's supply of crab legs as that is his absolute favorite food.I think the highlight of the visit had to be the MOUNTAIN OF BACON. Yes. In the breakfast area, there was a heaping pile of bacon sitting under a heat lamp. I kid you not. Never before in my life had I ever seen such an unquantifiable amount of bacon ever. I think my heart melted from the sight... and then had its arteries subsequently clogged because SO MUCH BACON MMMMM.Also had a couple bagels, very cold and creamy cream cheese with that, and handfuls of smoked salmon. Awesome treats. I'd give this buffet 5 stars if it weren't for the desserts. Bloody hell, those desserts were outrageously bad. Had to spit a good majority of them out. Most of them failed to rise above supermarket freezer standards. It feels like such a wasted opportunity.People always seem to complain about the heavy price that comes with these buffets because they always seem to forget that these places are all-you-can-eat! If you feel you're being cheated, just grab another plate! It's a buffet after all so eat your fill! If you're not hungry, then why are you even at the all-you-can-eat buffet!? Go eat your girly salad elsewhere! =PAnyways, it's definitely not the best buffet in Vegas. Check out Bellagio or Wynn for that kind of fine dining and whatnot. But if you're in the area and you're unwilling to drive to the center of the Strip in that hectic traffic, Bayside Buffet's definitely worth a look! (at least for brunch)Of the various buffets I have had in Las Vegas I would say Mandalay Bay ranks amongst the top! The variety is incredible and they are good about replenishing items that start to run low. The services is probably the best out of the multitude of buffets I have been to. The atmosphere is nice and the wait never seems too long. Just thinking about all the delicious food I have eaten there I am now hungry again...I ate at this buffet on 3/20-3/21 for dinner and brunch. Basically all the food was on point, and they had all types to offer for dinner. I had steak chops, potatoes, shrimp Alfredo pasta, coconut shrimp and crabs legs. I splurged lol! I also enjoyed the brunch, tons of choices but i stuck with the omelette, french toast, corn beef hash, and has browns. It is on the expensive side, but the food is worth the price you pay. Come Hungry and give yourself plenty of time to rest after smashing down that food !This was my first Vegas buffet ever and I must say that I loved it!  The atmosphere was great and the view of "The Beach" pool was awesome.  The service was really good and our waitress kept up to speed with our party of seven.  I also loved the payment option, which was by touch screen computers.  We went around 2 p.m. so we didn't have a wait and it definitely wasn't crowded!I loved all the different options on the buffet.  They ranged from American to Asian to Mexican and all the in-betweens.  Their salad buffet was pretty decent and fresh.  And I absolutely loved their made to order pasta bar.  Delicious!Now, on to my favorite!  The dessert bar was great!  Ice cream, cakes, cookies, cheesecakes and so much more!  It was all very delicious!  This is a must must must in Vegas!  I will definitely return here when I come back to Vegas.  Hopefully I will staying at Mandalay Bay instead of Flamingo anyway :)I was pleasantly suprised with this buffet...it's not as popular as some others but I think it is a good choice for breakfast at least- which is what my review is based on. I really only like breakfast buffets anyway..and there's only so much you can do with breakfast. As long as a place has good bacon, I'm sold. I think Bayside's spread was only slightly less impressive then Bellagio's breakfast spread (Bellagio has more varieties of smoked fish). One thing that ticked me off was when they started changing over to lunch at 10:30. 10:30! They couldn't wait at least til 10:50? Who wants meatballs and chicken quesidillas at 10:30?!This was my first vegas buffet spot many moons ago which made me come back once more. Their sunday bottomless mimosas are always a fave. Their dessert choices weren't as varied as MGM's but their entrees were OMGSOGOODIWANNAGOBACKFORSECONDS good. The downside, the wait can get to be RIDICULOUSLY long!Definetly not a typical buffet that you would go to in boring Ohio. This was the only buffet I went to in Vegas but I was duly impressed. A huge selection of food and all of it was rather good. Especially the prime rib, I recommend you check that out. I went around 11 so it was still breakfast and some lunch. Kind of pricy though..I think I paid around $20? But the server was very friendly and funny.This was a very pleasant place for weekday breakfast and lunch ( 2 separate days). Both times our waitresses were exceptionally pleasant and attentive. Unlike the preoccupied parents of young children who ripped and ran through the room the day I visited. Good selections, with wonderful fruits, omelet station and apple crepes for breakfast. I lvoed the warm Pecan Syrup!!  I'd recommend this if you are on the South Strip, much better than the buffet at the Luxor.If you're looking for a great seafood buffet look no further! Best buffet in LV hands down. Me and my friends lost count of how many plates of crab legs we ate lol. Crab legs and prime rib were great to say the least. Didn't give it 5 stars because its still a buffet after all.The Sunday Champagne Brunch was good. Unlimited champagne for an extra $5. I think I ate my weight in crab legs too. My friends and I also enjoyed the desserts. There's not as much selection as some of the other hotels, but it is less expensive. The self pay machines at the front are simple and fast. And I liked that there wasn't an awful line for brunch. It goes until 2:30. I haven't gone here any other times, but it was a good brunch. Tip, ask for a table in the corner by some of the big windows if you want a nice view while you eat.Once again had to stop at Bayside Buffet at Mandalay Bay before leaving Vegas.  This is still our favorite buffet in Vegas.  For us the price is very reasonable, place is clean, and food is tasty and fresh in general.  Perhaps their spread isn't has exotic or big as Bellagio or Wynne, but they have everything you need and for the price I feel it's the best.  The only thing I wish they would have just because I love them so much are french macaroons in the dessert section.  Bayside Buffet please consider putting out french macaroons.!Excellent selection of food. The set up of the buffet is kind of awkward to me because the dessert is really far from everything else. Clean environment and friendly staff. I would definitely recommend this place and return again only having the buffet passes instead of paying $20+ per person.Because we received two free day passes with our room package, we had to eat here... but it's a good thing we did! The food is really good here. No, it's definitely not a celebrity chef type of restaurant, but I couldn't care less. Everything is fresh and tasty. Not to mention, the service was excellent!I had the pleasure of eating at the Bayside Buffet three times (yes... breakfast, lunch, AND dinner), so I'll share each respective experience.Breakfast

The side of two pancakes are fine,they are fluffy, seems to be real whipped butter, their store-brand maple syrup has a good consistency, the cakes soak in the butter well. Could use some more butter but maybe I'll ask next time.

I would recommend them highly. Very friendly group of people.When we moved here from back east, we naively wondered what concerns we would have with our dog, a lab/shepherd mix, in the desert (scorpions, aridity, etc.).  I called Horizon Vet Clinic, our local vet and, despite Jimmy not being a patient there, they were happy to discuss my concerns.  The tech told me that the first visit was free and he'd be happy to schedule Jimmy for a "meet and greet" and checkup.  Dr. Pflaum was very friendly and patient and answered all of our (silly) questions.  He gave us great advice that's saving us a ton of money, which we're extremely grateful for (re: food, the fact that ticks and fleas aren't a real concern here and we can stop his monthly medications, etc.).  Jimmy was very happy there (except when they took his temperature).  We'll definitely use Horizon Veterinary Clinic for as long as we're in Henderson.Currently taking both of my dogs here. The staff are so nice and very helpful. The price is fair. So far so good, 4 stars!Nice and clean inside, friendly teller, quick service in and out.  I have been a happy Chase customer for about 10 years and they never have let me down.  Thank you!I've been coming to this chase for a while now. On their open hrs its usually empty inside but the drive thru always has a long line. If you don't have a card or forgot it don't use the drive up drive thru. The ladies are slow, it takes them longer to do a transaction than parking and walking inside.When you open up an account students fet special benefits so don't forget to bring your transcript or proof that you are enrolled.I love checking out new places, and Yelp has helped me find some real gems. I have had Emery's on my radar for a bit... but the reviews on Yelp seems to be a bit all over the place, with almost every review being either 5 star or 1 star. So I refrained from visiting until this past weekend. My husband wanted to take me to a new place, and he loves Italian food, so we went to Emery's Saturday evening for dinner.We started out with iced teas and an order of the bruchetta. I noticed there was a birthday party in the next room, and I hope that it would not impact the service we received. Thankfully it did not, our drinks were never empty and our appetizer came out quickly. For dinner, my husband had linguine with marinara sauce and I went with one of the specials for the evening, lobster ravioli. We both got dinner salads with our meals, and my husband added on a bowl of soup. Salads and the soup came out first, and again it was fairly quickly. The salads were basic, with a nice balsamic vinaigrette dressing. My husband was not thrilled with the pasta fagioli soup. He said it was clearly homemade, he just prefers a thicker soup. He would not pay the $5 to add on either the soup or salad again. We were both very pleased with our entrees. My lobster ravoli was stuffed with large chunks of lobster and the pasta was obviously freshly made that evening. My husband's linguine was also freshly made and the marinara sauce was deliciously seasoned. We finished our evening off with an order of tiramisu to go. I am so glad I did not let the bad reviews of Emery's keep me away any longer...  We didn't experience any of the issues mentioned in the bad reviews. Our server was friendly and food came out in a reasonable amount of time, considering we could both see and taste that the pasta was freshly made that night (which takes time). We will definitely be back.Until last night, it had been about 2 years since we had eaten here. This was due to the poor service we had the last time - it was really that bad. That being said, I remembered how good the food was, especially the fettuccine alfredo. That being the case, the hubby and I decided to go back there last night. Wow. The problems that had been there before were nowhere to be seen. Service was quick, efficient, and friendly. The staff was professional. The food was still outstanding, and this time, we did get served within a reasonable amount of time. I had the alfredo, which I still think is the best in town. My husband had their eggplant lasagna special, which he also really liked. Great flavors - they don't skimp on garlic, which I love! This was a redemption visit for us and we were quite happy!I came with a Restaurant.com $25 gift certificate in my hands and I had read the not-so-stellar reviews here on Yelp, but when my husband and I entered this quaint establishment on a Saturday evening around 6:30 PM I was pleasantly surprised. It's a small dining area with bright colors and Italian-esque decorations covering the walls. There's a bunch of wine lining the back walls and only about 10 white-clothed tables. I have to admit I was comparing it to my favorite Italian place in town, which is in Downtown Las Vegas called Chicago Joe's. There's similarities and differences.To start off with I ordered a glass of raspberry iced tea, my husband, sweet tea. The tea was deliciously sweet. Next we were served some nice, warm bread, about half a loaf with some delicious garlic butter. The butter was perfectly spreadable. The bread, although a bit tough on the outside, was still good. We were offered a second helping, but we declined. I ordered the Linquine Clams with a red sauce. When I inquired as to whether or not the red sauce had a little spice, I was told it did not have any spice, but the waitress asked me if I would like the cook to make it spicy and I said yes! So that was very nice of my waitress to cater to my desires. My husband ordered the Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo and we both opted for House Salads with Ranch dressing. The salads came out with very green leaves, shredded carrots, a few tomatoes, and a couple slices of sweet onions. In comparing this salad to the one at Chicago Joe's - this salad wins. Definitely a better variety of green lettuce leaves and a bit fresher in my opinion. Next our entrees arrived. They plate their pastas in bowl-like boat plates. They were hot and fresh, my red sauce had just the enough amount of kick to my liking. What I enjoyed a bit more about this Linquine Clam over Chicago Joe's is that there were actual clam shells with meat along with clam meat actually dispersed throughout the pasta. I think the addition of clam shells gives the dish a nice, rich oceanic flavor. It is nice to dig out the clams and get that bit of sea taste.My husband noted that his pasta was very good, but I did not try any because I was slurping up my own. We ended up taking home leftovers and declined desert because we had a fresh pie waiting for us at home to eat.Overall the food is A+. There's no doubt about the authenticity of whoever is cooking here. The atmosphere is nice, the music was not too loud, and it is a family/casual dining experience. Service was great from our main waitress. The woman who brought us out our drinks and bread was a bit cold, but nothing so much to ruin our experience.I would certainly go back, especially if I happen to be in the Henderson area and I am craving Italian. The plus side here is that you are supporting a local mom and pop business as well. I would and will continue to gladly fork over my money to places like this over Olive Garden and Macaroni Grill.I treated my friend here for her birthday dinner. She chose the place as it is close to both of us and we both had not tried it out before and thoroughly enjoy trying out new places. It is very cute and tiny. There seems to be a little shop located next to it and it also has limited dining hours. The people dining there that night consisted of small families and there was one man eating alone. Our waitress wasn't overly friendly or pleasant, but she did the job just fine. We loved the quaint environment and how it felt like home dining there. The food was very good. Lots of Italian dishes made with great authenticity. I had a pasta dish and she had the eggplant which tasted good and we both had a couple glasses of wine. This restaurant is a great local spot to try out if you aren't into overrated restaurants or chain-like restaurants - definitely a noteworthy mom and pops local business - which I always appreciate.The food is amazing!  The ambiance is intimate.  Would not take kids.  Its nice to go to a local fine dining restaurant away from the strip.  The waiters could use some common sense, but the food is amazing.  The owner comes and checks up and makes sure everything is going well.What a great discovery for local Henderson as they are located at the south end of Water Street! Great ambiance, good service and food of ample portions to share.We have always loved going to this beautiful quiet litte spot. The food and service are very good and unassuming.  We are locals and like the feeling we get here. The food has never been disappointing and really has gotten even better each time we go. Try the lasagne it's my favorite and my wife loves the ravioli.WATER STREET ITALIAN GEMAppetizer:  Coconut Shrimp: Half a dozen served with sweet Thai chile sauce ... good sized and no questions about the coconut shavingsSpecial of the Day:  Stuffed shells with Ricotta cheese and sausage and meatballs in marinara sauce includes  pasta fagoli soup .... added bread to thicken the soup ... marinara sauce thick and spicy ..  two half dollar sized meatballs ... Italian sausage ... three stuffed shells with charred sauce making it more memorable.Chicken Parmesan:  Breaded cutlet, baked with fresh basil, homemade red sauce, topped with fresh mozzarella and served with penne, includes  house  salad with oil and vinegar dressing...Apple Tart and Ice Cream:  Home made tart served piping hot topped with Matterhorn heap of smooth high quality vanilla ice cream.Had an opportunity to spend time talking with Brenda the wife of Emery and she is a real Asian foodie too. Our server Tiffany was wonderful and caring.Being that it was a Thursday,  the restaurant was calm and both Brenda as well asTiffany were able to spoil us. On Fridays and Saturdays, when it's reservations recommended, all bets are off that the waitstaff can do the same. Interior restaurant colors are New Orleans with the purples, green and yellow. Ambiance is suggestive casual but serious Italian cucina presence.Okay. We decided to give it another try, since this location is very convenient. MUCH better experience. We had a 2-for-1 coupon for any sandwich, and decided to get the filet-o-fish. My husband had never tried one, and decided this was his chance. We were greeted cheerfully in the drive through, and quickly got our order. As with the first time, the fries were nice and hot. Yum!When we got home, our food looked great. It was presented nicely, and the sandwich tasted exactly how I remember them to be. My husband was really impressed. Thanks McDs!

- Pizzas! We were a large party so we just got a bunch of thin crust pizzas. They were delicious!

I sit at the counter and Raul was right on top of thing.We had a great server name kat and here for the first time we both had omelette we really enjoyed there potatoes we will return againGreat food and service! Love the chile relleno omelet and hazelnut coffee. Totally worth the Sunday wait! You can always sit at the bar for quick seating. Raul was awesome!!I had the bacon avocado omelette with sour cream and it was delicious! My mom went for the Portuguese sausage egg plate and she loved her meal. Our server Kat was so friendly and helpful! Love this place!*BIG* Servings!!! If you are hungry and want a YUMMY breakfast COME here! The Banana nut muffin is so delicious! This is technically your "free" appetizer. This is not the place for someone who is trying to keep it light - NO WAY! This is definitely for the hungry and the brave!! I had a half serving of French toast and a half serving of the omelet with toast and hashbrowns! MY GOODNESS! Wayyyyy too much food!

Before spending all your money on the slots, this restaurant is a must to try.I am not a big gambler, in fact I came only for the buffet.  I heard great things about the buffet so I thought it was time to give it a try.It was $21 a person with a drink: tea, soda, water.  Not a bad price for a buffet.  Especially considering the food was above average buffet.  I did enjoy rare prime rib, turkey with gravy, mash potatoes, scalloped potatoes, and plenty of duck dishes. Duck pot stickers, duck drumsticks with a great glaze, and duck with a breading.  I enjoyed plenty of duck to get rid of any craving I had for the meat within the last few months. I also noted seafood lo mein, pasta with a basil sauce, sirloin steak, and many deserts.  I noted cheesecake, chocolate cake, and a decent ice cream selection.  Please note this is not as large as a Vegas style buffet.  I also can say it is not as big as a Home-style Buffet.  It does offer higher end food however so It is worth it to sample flavorful cuisine at a decent price.Its Sat morning and the kick off for The Breakfast Club UYE, I had picked Wandering Horse because I have wanted to try there breakfast buffet for months now.Got there about 8:45ish and saw many friendly yelper faces that made to the The Breakfast Club UYE, made me smile, thank you everyone, it was a great dinning experience!When I walked into the area of the food, let me tell you, its overwhelming, you may have had one idea of what you wanted to get, but then your eyes see so many other possibilities and that made your 1st choice seem lame.  I had heard that the breakfast buffet has eggs benedict, but come to find out that's only for the Sunday brunch one, liltte sad about that, because I am a huge fan of hollandaise sauce, love that stuff!! I tried the omelets, hash browns, bacon, waffles & pancakes even the gelato and I have to say everything was just delicious, made me sad that I was full, because there was so much more I wanted to try :)Service was good and for 9.99 plus tip, it's a good bang for my buck! I will be coming back for sure!A bit more than your typical casino buffet.Firstly, its hidden towards the north end of the main casino floor before the lobby w/ elevators to 270 Degrees.The line moved pretty quickly when we were here: 8:30 on a rainy Sat morning. The seating in this place is very lux for a buffet. And theres plenty of it: both tables w/ chairs and booths. Theres a nice patio and view out the floor to ceiling windows at the north side of the dining room. It looks like theres a small bar here as well, but it wasnt open during our visit. The actual buffet room is smaller than a lot of other ones Ive seen, but has a great selection of items. Fruit and breakfast items including slab pepper bacon. Chinese and Mexican items, plenty of breakfast pastries, and cakes/pies. An omelet station (theyre large), and a gelato station (they give you a melon ball sized scoop). The food was pretty good. Id say the omelet was the best thing I had. our waitresses were very attentive at first. There was a 45 minute period where we couldnt find anyone for water or coffee refills though.Overall, a decent breakfast at a decent price ($9.95 on Sat morning, all you can eat).De do do do de da da da

The only negative that I could recall beside the one size fits all slippers was the greasy rice but the rest of my experience was wonderful. I'd definitely return when I'm in Vegas again.Why is Tao averaging only 3 stars, I had a great experience. It's smaller than other major clubs in Vegas, but still fun if you want to venture on smaller venues (or just stop by for open bar before hitting the bigger clubs). I had to stop by here being in Vegas because whenever I introduced myself anywhere, I always get the response "your name is a club in Vegas" so I thought I had to visit the club that was named after me, just kidding. This was my first ever club in Vegas so I was already impressed at how much it is shitting on Seattle's clubs. The decor is cute, classy yet trendy, whatever that means right. I had fun making new friends here that thought it was funny that they are meeting Thao at Club Tao. During the day, I think this is an asian fusion restaurant because you had to walk through the restaurant part of the place to get to the clubbing part.Came here twice now and both times I had a great experience.  Its Vegas so everything is expensive....drinks are $13 - $17 so come prepared to pay or predrink lots ans you will be fine.  Girls sit in bathtubs at the entrance, go go dancers everywhere, and some great music all around.  Tao has been around for awhile now and it does need to update the decor to keep up with the newer ones.Nevertheless it is still a great place to party.Absolutely one of my favorite clubs to hit in vegas. I love the atmosphere, people, and enviornment. On top of that i always find a way to get me and my friends w no hassle And in no time. Drink are wat to expect at any club in vegas, i suggest to hit up the gift shop right outside to pick up your drinks to save u on money heheh. But besides that, tao is definitely a club u need to experience at least once in vegas.My friends and I didn't want to do EDM clubbing all weekend and decided to hit up TAO for some ratchet, hip-hop music. I honestly loved it here and regretted hopping over to XS later on to see Skrillex.TAO is located at the Venetian but once you go inside you'll see a huge lounge area and restaurant seating for guests. The actual club and dance floor is located upstairs, so you'll have to climb dimly lit stairs to reach it. Decorations were awesome but my problem with the setup of the club is that everything is so tight here. The smoking balcony, dance floor, and bar are all aligned with each other almost in a horizontal line so there's people constantly moving past each other to get from one place to the other.Despite the setup and the tiny dance floor, I love everything about TAO. People here are a lot friendlier than at other clubs and it's a more interactive dance floor. Some lady with a free drink wristband kept offering to "buy" my group drinks. So nice! FYI there's a lot of twerking here. Don't be surprised if someone booty bumps you.A mix of EDM and hip hop. Depending on who is DJing and if they have any special guests. Nice place. Warning: bathroom is upstairs with a forever line.Got VIP on my first weekend in Vegas ever and it did not disappoint. Had 4 bottles and plenty to drink also was up top by the pool which was cool to chill and then head down to the club inside. Was a great great time loved it though this was a good 6 years ago. I hope it's still the same when j head back to Vegas.I very much enjoyed my time here. The wait line getting in however was ridiculous but I guess it's typical. It was nice to have free cocktails for an hour with a bracelet. We stayed here for a bit then got a table upstairs at TAO Beach. After a few hours upstairs we went back down stairs. Music was great, very crowded, I would definitely be back. We missed puff daddy and a few other artists. But were there for a short time during Mario's performance. Overall very fun place to dance and have a good time.Free entry if you have dinner there earlier. Worth it. Good music. I was there for a free hour open bar so not sure how expensive drinks are.Clubs may come and go however Tao has established itself in the Vegas nightlife industry, and for very good reason.Like anywhere worthy, the more you have to play with, the better your experience will be.The gorgeous ladies in the bathtubs covered with rose petals and being displayed as art throughout is an appealing visual to both sexes... we all appreciate the human body.The music is a great mix of everything... Perfect since it'll appeal to every type of person in your company. Vegas pricing on cocktails and table service (which is honestly the only way to do Vegas). An FYI to those traveling in mixed company- eat at the restaurant (yummy) and get into the club free although once again must stress that table service is a must to truly have the "Vegas experience".Loved it. I paid for nothing. Aye money was falling from the sky and my girl was picking it up.  I haven't been on this scene  in years so I guess to sit down you have to buy  bottle service. Chile my dawgs was howling by the end of the night.Nestled in the Venitian hotel is a cool club with some Asian flare and hot dj's bumping some of the newest and greatest hits to get your boogie on. Not to mention, the food that they serve here ain't too shabby either. We had a company event here with all the trimmings. Huge buffets, beautiful go go dancers and great DJ's. Our food consisted of Kobe beef sliders, egg rolls, sushi and all the drinks your little body could handle. All of it was awesome! The Kobe beef sliders were the item that stood out the most. They were juicy, meaty and packed with flavor. The bartenders serving up the drinks were super courteous and delivered them quick, fast and strong. The only issue we had for the night was the security which is why I'm giving this place a 4 star. As with many night clubs, security has always been a pain with me and this night was no different. When simply asking these guys where the bathroom is and your get a response filled with attitude, I don't see why that's necessary. Although this occurred to my friends also, that didn't stop us from having a great time at this club.Would I come back? Oh yeah! You can't beat the music and ambiance! It's Vegas, so you know they go big for their clubs. Go get yo club on! Cheers!#daddy33.5-4 stars. One of the more "chill" nightclubs on the strip. By this I mean it's not as crowded, which can be a good or bad thing depending on what you prefer. I had a positive experience here. I stayed at the Palazzo and headed straight to this club first thing after I landed in Vegas. We were two girls and one guy and got there at 1 am. There seemed to be a lot of confusion at the door but one bouncer came up to me immediately. I told him we were on the hotel's guest list and we were waved in instantly. No cover charges. The music was mostly rap/hip hop/pop remixed by the DJ. The crowd was slightly older (late 20s/early 30s) and the dance floor was directly upstairs from the restaurant. The floor is pretty standard sized (perhaps on the smaller side for Vegas). Drinks are $16 a pop. I had a good time but it's not the exact type of vibe I was looking for. Great way to ease into the club scene though, especially if you're staying at the Palazzo/Venetian!This club is aesthetically beautiful. It's located on the 2nd floor of the Tao restaurant. You will literally have to walk through the restaurant entrance lined with flower pedaled filled bathtubs with a couple of glamorous naked girls sitting in the tubs to get to the stairs in the middle of the restaurant to get to the club level. If you decide to have a very late dinner, except to not hear a single word from your dining guest because the music is pumping loud in the open upstairs area. There are bouncers everywhere checking for your club admission tattoo before you enter the club. The music was good, the people beautiful and the club floor small and packed with people having a great time. Most girls were dressed to impressed with tight dresses but I did see a few in jean shorts with bedazzled tank tops. Guys were mostly dressed to impressed too but some had jeans with a simple semi-dress shirt. Drinks are expensive, expect to pay $15 for a 8 oz glass of alcohol. If you stay at the Venetian Resort, talk to the Concierge early to get on their guest-list to get in fast & free. Overall, good time & experience.Shout out to CJ at Tao, my man and I appreciated the pull-out from the line and expeditious entry to da club, woo!I was here with my friends April 23, Saturday. I thought the DJ  was great, love the music and all that. I would really love to dance but the dance floor was just too crowded that night. You cant even walk. I was just basically standing instead of dancing.Pretty great club! I came for the first time during spring break 2016 to see Cash Cash.... Love me some Cash Cash.The decor of this club is interesting. Very aesthetically pleasing and high quality, with etchings in the wall, Buddha statues, etc. Love that there is a balcony/second floor area where one can go to scope the club/take a breather. There is pretty much not an outside balcony (not even comparable to OMNIA's rooftop lounge), and it is mostly filled with smokers.The layout of the club place is not bad. You do have to walk through the Tao restaurant to get upstairs, but once upstairs the place is bumping. Tao is a bit smaller than the big name clubs, so the dance floor is easier to navigate and it's harder to get lost in here (could be good or bad, depending on the scene and crowd you're looking for). As for drinks, the bars are quite accessible and it's easy to get a drink. $15/drink is as expected for a Vegas nightclub.Ladies, use a promoter and get free entry and free drinks from 10:30-11:30. Worth it.Great place good vibe ...buy your tickets online though and have no wait in line as there was a one hour wait line but I got in right away seconds with a simple bar scan from smartphone ...drinks bought 4 drinks paid 50 not that bad ...one thing about TAO it gets really crowded overall very good club if you in LAS VEGAS.Love the theme to this place, too bad you can't see squat during night club lighting. Can't comment on cover charge or drink charges, I didn't experience either :). There's a small balcony area for smoking but it's a good place to chill out because the tiny dance floor gets crowded quick. There's multiple levels but the table areas take up so much space it's ridiculous. We would come back here, it ain't bad, good music played and the people were well dressed (make sure you wear nice shoes)Bottle service is the way to go here. Beautiful decor, staff was great and the DJ was on point. I would have given 5 stars but they need more restrooms!TLDR: definitely one of the better clubs I've been to. Atmosphere was amazing drinks were so-so.We purchased our tickets online $20 for girls if you share on fb/twitter to get that $5 discount. We were able get through the line with minimal wait time. When you first go in, there is a huge lounge area, filled with booths  bar seating. The whole feel kind of reminds me of some of the speakeasys I've been to before. A great place to go take a break when you just can't keep going. We then go upstairs to get to the actual dance floor. The whole place had an Asian theme to it, calligraphy decor, and little laughing Buddhas everywhere.The music was pretty good, they would actually play some older songs too, instead just the ten songs that are beginning played over and over again on the radio.   The light/sound balance was also perfect. They would ring a going every once in a while, which sounds gimmicky, but perfectly matched up with the way the music ramped up. Confetti, snow and light up sucks were also thrown at us at random, that's right SNOW. Definitely a different experience, and I'm glad I got a chance to go there.Was in town for a girls trip and we were staying at the Venetian. My friend wanted to check out Tao and see Kid Ink. We got on the guest list and hardly had to wait in line (granted, we did get there early to make the open bar). That night they had an open bar from 10:30-11:30pm and we intended to make the most of it!  We had a good time dancing and making new friends. The music was pretty good. We were disappointed that Kid Ink's appearance was super brief. Enjoyed the confetti and smoke effects used on the dance floor. A fun time was had by allIt's not the Four Seasons, but more appropriate for a Vegas weekend.This is a beautiful hotel and I would say that if you have a special occasion and want to splurge, this is a good choice.  All the rooms are suites and each room of each suite is beautifully decorated as you would expect from a high end hotel in Vegas.But the way that they're building in Vegas, it's hard for a hotel to maintain its status for long.  The Hotel was amazing when it first opened, continues to be great today, but in a few months there will be at least 3 new hotels vying for top spot honors including a new Mandarin Oriental hotel that's going up and promises to be spectacular accommodations wise.Here's one general observation about hotels in general...does anyone else think that these places don't know how to make a bed?  Has anyone else found the wrong end of the sheets at the head of the bed?  Has anyone else found that the sheets are so tightly tucked in that when you try to open your bed you end up pulling out even the bottom sheet (which isn't fitted for some reason) and exposing the mattress?I'm a huge fan of Top Chef. So when Elia (finished fourth or so) came out after our meal and right to us, it was quite surreal. I am not sure if she thought I was someone else or not. But I got a photo anyway.If not for the Elia experience, perhaps the food wasn't that great. But still above average breakfast fare.i enjoyed my stay at THEhotel. it wasnt all about the glitz and the glam of vegas, but more chic and modern. i cant really compare the price range, cuz i didnt pay for my stay, but at check out, i believe it was roughly $800 for 2 weekday nights. the room i had is probably bigger than any apartment i have lived at! they have this distinct scent all over their soaps and the lobby of their hotel, which is a nice transition from the smoke filled casino to the nonsmoking hotels =) positive:

The patio was OK, they could use a professional architect to come in and make the atmosphere more appealing, but it was OK. The restrooms are interesting, access from the outside, they look like outhouses, but when you walk in they are plumbed and air conditioned, but could use a thorough cleaning, smelled a little....

Business place, all employees moving quickly and working hard! We'll definitly be back....soon!This was my first time coming here. Everyone I have talked to about this place said they use to come here all the time and that the food was really good. Its owned by Russians and despite that the pizza was really good. I will be coming here more often. I recommend coming here if you havent been before.I've been going here late at night now that I get off work at 1am, and the employees have always been nice and the food just as good..... good to see people are in a good mood at 1am when at work.I took my family here for lunch yesterday.  The adults had antipasto salads and soup for lunch (minestrone and wedding) and the kids had pasta and chicken tenders.  We had a lot of good food for a low price.  This place is not far from the strip and this local would recommend it to people who have a car on the strip to try it.This place is casual and good for families.  Around the corner is the bead shack where you can buy beads and take beading classes too if you want a non-Vegas activity for a day.Pretty decent pie here, ordered late night quick delivery nice delivery driver.  Pizza was hot and fresh, sauce was good, toppings were generous, would definatly order from here againThis was my first time ordering from Napoli Pizzeria.I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. They offer pretty decent New York-style pizza, and delivered in a reasonable amount of time (about 60 minutes - that's not bad for quality pizza on a Friday night). My favorite Vegas pizza place for New York-style pizza is the often-crowded Secret Pizza at the Copsmpolitan, but this could definitely be a close second. My friends loved the Caesar Salad too. We'll definitely keep them in mind for next time.This review is for 4.5 stars. We went here for lunch yesterday, and there are so many mon-fri lunch specials for $7.99 (entrée & drink). One of our friends is a regular here, as her day job is around the corner.It was nice outside so we opted for al fresco dining. One of our friends got a calzone, the other got the blackened chicken salad (came with garlic bread), my husband got the philly (came with fries), and I got the ravioli (came with garlic bread). I really liked the pasta- was good size, cheesy, and al dente, I don't get that too much, because we really don't go to Italian restaurants much, except for maybe, Buca Di Beppo or Strings. Our friend says she's tried many of their menu items because her coworkers order from here all the time.  I didn't know what to order, because there were so many lunch special choices. After seeing what we all got (and everyone liked it too), I want to try some other things on the menu. Free refills on the drinks, too.The staff was all very nice. Service was quick. As we were sitting out there, noticed four delivery men walking back to the restaurant. It's a busy place for lunch; it's obvious there is a ton of repeat business. Inside ambiance is very nice. Red checkered table cloths, and looks very Italian-restaurant themed, too. Bathroom is inside as well.  I want to try more! I'm sure we'll be back again.One of the best pizza places in town! Good food and they have great lunch specials.Love, love love their chopped large salad with their great blue cheese dressing.  Pizzas are pretty consistent and the larger one are cut into squares like Chicago....love that.  The garlic knots are perfect not too much oil or garlic and sprinkled with cheese...nicely done.OK, I've been ordering regularly from Napoli for a few years now, and it's about time everyone knew about this place. Starting with the pizza...quite good, not great. Maybe a 7 out of 10, but well worth the carryout special price of $7.99 for a large 1-topping. Fed 3 generations with 3 of them last night for just a shade over $25.So why should you go here? Allow me to continue...I work in a local hospital. We have a pizzeria a block away, and we order lunch from this place, about 1.5 miles away. They have a ton of lunch specials at $7.99 (M-F 9am-3pm) that blow away anyone else's alleged specials. In particular: a hot pastrami and cheese hoagie with lots of both and dee-licious! And did I mention a ton of fries and a drink as well? Don't want a sandwich? They have 7 different HUGE salads in their specials. My favorite is the blackened chicken. I like the vinaigrette dressing with it.Now, for the best part...the WINGS! I'm from the east coast and am very particular about my chicken wings. My opinion: this is the only place in town that gets it right! Huge wings, not those little pigeon wings most places serve. My choice is the hot, and they're perfect! Best combo of fire and flavor I've had since coming out west. We split a half-bucket (20 wings), add fries for a buck, and it comes to $14.99! Best wing deal in town! Look, you wanna split a pitcher and watch 6 games at once in a crowded bar, by all means go to BW3. You want wings, you get them here!Small place, limited seating (at least at the Sahara/Decatur store), pretty much like a classic small family operation. And a correction to a previous review: they're not Russian, they're from Moldova.To sum up: GO, GO, GO!!!I'M IN LOVE WITH THEIR BBQ CHICKEN PIZZA!!! I used to call in my orders from the school I worked at down the street...now that I don't frequent the area much I have to make a trip out of it...FYI lunch is between 9am-3pm...they have some awesomely amazing lunch specials and super affordable prices! Can't go wrong with anything that has BBQ sauce on it...it's like BBQ Crack! Really it's THAT good! Hubs likes the wings lunch special...mounds of chicken wings in whatever sauce you want delicious battered fries and a soda on the side. Wish they had a location on the west side of town :(Fast delivery. Told me it's going to take about an hour and the delivery came 30 minutes right after I hang up the phone.  Great serving amount of food. Friendly, fast, and reasonable cost. One of the few I'll recommend...Ordered delivery. Ordered Boneless wings fries & garlic knots. They told me one hour and I was fine with that. Was delivered in one hour. Had the wings plain and hot and spicy teriyaki onside. The spicy teriyaki buffalo and teriyaki mixed.. not a fan! The garlic knots are bomb. The wings where average. Better then pizza hut or dominos. The prices are not bad. Dislike ordering delivery but this one I didn't regret!Broccoli cheddar soup is awesome!!!! Gotta try it . It's actually white cheese instead of yellow such a great taste !:)Great place fast delivery food is reasonably priced, there pizza and burgers are good here and very fillingThe food is epic and i love their burgers and got sandwiches. The only thing that prevents me from a full 5 start reading is the delivery guy. It's some grumpy old dude with a chip on his shoulder. I don't say shit to em. Only time he had ever been pleasant is if you give him some high tip.In our 3 day stay in Las Vegas, we went to Napoli Pizza twice.  Had the same pizza 2x's (mushroom and sausage).  First time we had the Italian salad ($9.99)...huge!  The second time we thought we'd have smaller salad so we ordered the small anti pasta salad for $6.50 - it was impressive.  I love the chilled lettuce in the salad.  We had the balsamic dressing and totally enjoyed the salad and the amazing pizza.  Highly recommend it!  They definitely get really busy with take out orders from 5pm - the pizza is great the prices are great so go figure....you may have to wait a bit, they can't help that they are so popular!Didnt have the pizza but it looked incredible.  The Italian wedding soup was off the chain. Try the parmesan garlic chick wings, pretty good and great service.Pretty damn good pizza, especially for the walk in price.  I might just check out their pasta next time I order.Our office ordered a 30" pizza for lunch w/ mild hot wings. We got 1/2 meat lovers, 1/2 supreme and it was delicious! Huge ass pizza barely fit through the door when the guy was trying to deliver it. Their wings are bomb! They are fat and juicy. Steroid wings! haha. Will definitely try them again.I would give this place 5 stars if there customer service and their delivery service isn't so long but other then that there food is fantastic! I usually go for the burgers and wings. Definitely a place to try for those with a huge appetite.I have been getting food from here for the past couple of years and hands down their pizza is definitely one of the best at any price-point. It is now my go-to pizza spot. I've also had their wings which are great, they have there own unique flavor that I find myself craving along with the pizza. I can also say that their philly steak and gyro is also consistently good.We went there with s big group and ordered the big 30 inch divided in to four different flavors. We also ordered the Buffalo wings and a hummus plate. The food was reasonably priced, and it came out to us in a reasonable amount if time. The pizza was delicious as was the hummus plate. The wings were tasty, though the sauce came from a bottle. One thing I would like is if the soda machine was accessible so that we don't have to wait for someone to come refill the drunk for us. This was my second time eating here, and I will eat here agIn. I have no experience with the delivery.Great pizza even at 4 in the morning but they are not opened 24 hours. We got there 10 minutes before 5 and they were closing. Business hours is 9am-5am.We ordered the the "Giant" size supreme pizza and had it delivered to the lobby at Vdara. The impressive size sure turned heads as we were carrying the behemoth through the lobby lol!The pizza was huge and tasted awesome! Crust was great, lots of great quality toppings. Their wings were so good too!A pretty fair deal compared to other pizzerias that  deliver at 2am on the strip. $36 for a giant 30 inch loaded pizza.Love getting their take out special of 1 topping pizza at about $8. Also love their wings here. Everything we've had was usually take out. They're always polite over the phone and they have our number saved I guess because they have our name when we call. They let you know how long the food will take so you can pick it up. It's always fresh and hot when we get it. I see where the complaints come from because they get pretty busy on the weekends. Sometimes they say the wait for one pizza is 30 minutes. Anyway, we finally decided to eat at the place instead of taking out. We ordered 40 wings and the 30 inch pizza. They let you do different sauces for the wings and you can have different toppings for each quarter of the pizza. The wings here are huge and meaty! I love the honey BBQ. The pizza came out and it was HUGE!! We thought it would be fun having this giant pizza. There were 7 of us and we didn't get through half of the pizza and still had about 10 wings. I like the pizza here, they're never skimpy on toppings and it's always super cheesy. Our server for the night was a very nice guy who was always checking on us, constantly refilling our drinks, and bringing us more ranch lol it was a fun and great experience. It was really cheap too!I have a love-hate relationship with Napolis. Their food is a bit hit or miss as others have mentioned. Also, it seems like sometimes they switch up their ingredient vendors. But when it's good, it's good. The pizza is thin crust and can be greasy. When delivery takes too long, the bottom tends to get soggy which is gross. So it's definitely better to dine in or pick up.  Also, they have a ridiculously large 30" square pizza that barely fit through the front door!We've ordered other misc items such as zeppolis and the buffalo chicken salad, which are both delicious.  The pasta was okay, but not exceptional, but it tends to be a better option for delivery. The Strombolis and calzones are  super cheesy and don't seem to get soggy like the pizza when delivered. I've ordered via phone and eat24. Usually get put on hold when calling in. And delivery takes a while when delivered both ways. It usually takes then 45min-1hr+ (usually more) to deliver. Bottom line: I like their food, but it's greasy pizza that can backfire (soggy crust) if you're getting it delivered, which can take 1hr+.I had some major issues with the Henderson store when I lived on the east side of town.  However, living on the west side, I've decided to give them a try and I'm glad I did.  I like their pizza.  Is it the best?  No.  But it is very good pizza.  And their 16" one-topping carryout specials for $8.99 are a good deal.  The people at this location are very nice as well.  If you need a lot of pizza for a good price, this is definitely a place you should try.  Not to mention, their delivery zones seem very vast as far as restaurants go.I ordered a pepperoni pizza and the delivery was really fast and the pizza was hot and very goodTheir double bacon cheeseburger is crazy amazing! It's huge and can be shared!!!! They always forget the ketchup mustard and mayo despite the fact I call every time and type it on the online order form. The burger comes with fries, the fries are different every time.I'm a salad person and their salads are fresh, huge, and full of quality ingredients!The double bacon cheeseburger and the large house salad along with an appetizer, has become my usual Saturday night after work treat. It's honestly so much food It's enough to keep me away from the grocery store on my 3 day weekends! I gave them 4 stars because they always forget the condiments, every time I call their staff is rude ( that's why I order online) they cross contaminate their fryer! The fries always taste fishy and they serve fried calamari. As a general rule, they should have 2 fryers, one for fish and meat, one for veggies and cheese. I work on the strip at a high end resteraunt, that being said I tip 15% on delivery and the delivery guy has an attitude every time. But the hours they are open are convenient and the salads and bacon cheeseburger can't be beat at 2:00 AMI literally LOVE napolis! I recommend it to anyone all their food is really great! Everything from the fries and sandwiches to pizza and salads. The ONLY reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the bathrooms are disgusting!! Literally horrible if they would fix that, an easy 5 starsLove Napoli!! We always ordered from here on night shift!! 30 in pizzas !! So good and great specials love their gyros and cheesesteaksThis rating reflects Napoli's wings and fries. Big, juicy wings offered in several flavors. Like, garlic parmesan, teriyaki, lemon pepper, bbq, hot, mild, medium, possibly others. I'm not a fan of hot wings so I get garlic parm and lemon pepper. I love that they come in a white sauce instead of oil (eek).Napoli also has great fries. I hate to order fries to go because by the time I get home it usually get's soggy. Napoli fries surprisingly did not! It's made with some sort of coting which makes it pretty yum. My friend things it's fried in flour and I think it's fried in the same oil as curly fries (YES THEY GOT CURLY FRIES!) and the residue from the curly fries sticks to regular. Either way, the fries is pretty good.I am personally not a fan of their pizza, I find it to be soggy and flavorless. I may give it another try at some point but for now, I will stick to the wings. They are DAMN good!

So not bad with a groupon. Its a little high priced for the quality.  It was tasty but I prefer fresh high quality food. This is your standard American Mexican.  Not bad. Definitely recommend with a Groupon.  Service was great. The guy was very friendly.  I think he may have been the owner. We were served in like 4 min. It was nutz. In and out of there in under 30 min. I left feeling lile a stuffed thanksgiving bird.Checked it out because we had some time to waste. Food is pretty typical mexican cusine, nothing really stood out. The margaritas were cheap which I love. The fried ice cream was totally the best part!We just ate at Manny's  for the first time  and it was wonderful.  Had the Carna Asada Burro. It was delicious and a spinach enchiladas with Baja sauce and they were also very good. We will definitely be back.Sister in town from Ontario Canada and wanted some traditional Mexican food.  Manny's came recommended and the food was great.  Especially liked the Chimi Enchilada Style with the white sauce.  99 cent Margaritas a definite plus.I so enjoyed my enchilada plate.  Their salsa is so fresh and their chips are extra yummy as well.  The server was very friendly and quick to take our order and refill our drinks!This place is easy to sign up for and hard to give up because all the other stuff it has, not just tanning. But the tanning is great!The red light therapy is definitely my favorite. Read all the pros of using red light online. Makes you feel refreshed and rejuvenated just getting out of the bed. The hydra bed definitely helps keep your skin from being dry and the slimcapsule I've only tried once and love. The water pressure massage bed is pretty great too, I can get stuck in that place for hours.I've only done the spray tan at the North Scottsdale location on Bell as it has the HD bed and I've had amazing results, no orange color, doesn't fade bad or streak. Only complaint as everyone here is the costumer service, the Scottsdale location and on 75th ave is much better. I'm not a fan of the "I think I'm better than you" or I lack customer service and people skills so I come across snotty attitudes.No you do not have to buy their products to use their stuff I buy almost all my products NOT from them. Unless they have a 60% off sale, who could resist that. Some of the girls in there are growing on me or I just learned to ignore them and use my membership for the services and use them as a computer check in check out system. I will gladly change the review on the customer service if it gets better however I will still use this for the time beingThese guys know how to make pies! Oh, if you want wings too; come and get it!The pizza sauce is great and I can tell you, you'll love it!

Also, they don't do reservations and the place is buuusy specially on Fri-Sat nights. And if you are thinking, oh not a big deal, I will call and do a take out, umm, good luck with that! Let me know if you can convince this restaurant to change its policy.Never having heard of the Round Corner Cantina, my cousin took me for tacos and bowling next door. The food as fantastic. The tacos were very creative - unlike any I've had in this city. Highly recommend you give it a shot, and be adventurous when ordering.A chilled glass of Dos Equis and fresh fried chips with salsa set the stage for my Cantina experience. I ordered the Chorizo Scramble and S ordered the Chilaquiles. My scramble had sliced avocados with a garnish of tomatoes and queso fresco. The chorizo was nice addition to this dish. What I truly fell in love with was the Chilaquiles. Two perfectly poached eggs nestled on a bed of tasty corn tortillas and salsa verde mix. It was a Round Corner Cantina variation of the classic Chilaquiles dish. I wasn't sure what to expect but was glad we went. I will be returning to try other dishes. Their cocktail menu looks promising as well!Visited the Cantina last Friday night and sat outside because it was a beautiful night. I didn't care for my one drink, Dos Esquis beer, cilantro, jalapeño and salt. The server said it was popular, but not to my taste buds. I did think they had a nice selection of drinks. I had the fish tacos........they were tasty, but not the best I have had. My friend had some chicken and potatoes dish wrapped around corn husks; however after several drinks we weren't aware you don't eat the husks!  It would have been nice for our server to fill us in on this minor detail. The chips and guacamole were excellent and the chips appeared homemade. It is small inside and pretty dark, so I recommend either going for happy hour and/or trying to sit outside.-Outdoor seating, check

The sides of potato wedges were flavorful and hot.The potato salad seemed like it was store bought but was acceptableBiscuits were hot, fluffy and we again were surprised that they served us REAL honey and butter packets and pats.The sandwich we ordered was a turkey panini and was loaded w meat & cheese and was very good.

Fountain View is really beautiful

Server sense of humor?  Check

The waitresses here are absolutely the nicest servers I have encountered in Las Vegas thus far!They first seat you and bring you out corn bread like I've never seen before. I'm used to skillet style cornbread and they brought us out some little cornbread pancakes. We ate ours so quick that the waitress brought us more and she said we should put honey on them, which we did and dadgum it was AMAZING! Once we got our food the sides were in little bowls on a plate to keep them seperated. Then came the chicken. Once I put that food in my mouth, the only things I could keep doing were giggling like a child, shaking my head and repeatedly saying"Mmmmm dam%it!"

Ill be back, order in advance and run in while my bf does a loop around the block. See you soon POP UP PIZZA!Pop Up is DTLV's original upscale pizza joint, and probably the most impressive part of the newly-remodeled Plaza.Last night my wife and I had an inexplicable pizza craving, so I made the trek from The Ogden down to the Plaza, dodging tourists, Elvis impersonators and vagrants to get some delicious slices. This was our fourth or fifth time having Pop Up and it has never failed to impress. We had four slices - an 18b (plain cheese and basil), a Goodman (with potatoes!), some kind of white cheese slice and a tasty, tasty monstrosity with sausage, pepperoni and bacon.The white cheese and spinach slice was a tad boring, but we devoured the other three, along with the amazing parmesan garlic fries. Pop Up kicks the crap out of the "secret" pizza place at Cosmo and shows those strip titans how we do things downtown.A light crispy crust, fresh ingredients and a traditional red sauce, what more do you want in a slice of pizza?  What is amazing about Pop-up?  It is located just off the casino - far to the left as you enter from Fremont and would ordinarily fall into the 'dive casino snack bar' category.  But it is wonderful, and worth a stop if you are roaming Fremont.  It's in the Plaza Hotel.My memories of pop up pizza are fond... and fuzzy.

- My martinis were on point. I had 2 different types of cucumber drinks (The frisk & another one) as well as a vodka based martini which I special ordered into a dirty martini. Both were a little light on the alcohol (half price) but they still tasted great and I kept my mancard intact.- The spinach dip ($5 for half priced apps from 5-7) was really good. Not creamy like you would expect to be, but extremely chunky. The chips were well salted and went well with the dip. We ordered a few..

It's not located too far from the strip. But definitely an area I had never even traveled, even living here 7 years. Inside, it had a nice clean, look. They were fairly busy for lunch, but the wait wasn't terribly long, 15-20min.

The hotel participates in the Starwood Preferred Group's 'Green for a Cause' program which allows you to get $5 or 500 SPG points per day you don't have housekeeping refresh your room. We participated in this program for two days which is great for us, and the environment.

This will definitely be on the lunch place cycle, but I'm not sure I'd try it out after dark since most of the neighboring establishments are embellished with quite the assortment of bars on the windows.I come here for lunch once in a while when I'm at work and craving korean food, it is relatively close to Nellis and the food is good. The other Korean restaurants are too far in spring mountain so this location is perfect, and the owners are really nice people. Food is very filling. Beware, they are cash only and the location is pretty ghetto.Ate there today for the first time.  My husband is stationed at Nellis.  Awesome mom & pop shop.  Yes, cash only!!  I had the bibimbap and it was delicious.  My husband always gets the chicken bulgogi--also delicious.  A little pricey but definitely worth the trip!Yet another decent hole in the wall/mom and pop type of place to check out if you're in the area! Before you come here, let be known that its CASH ONLY!Just like any new place I check out I usually go with the namesake of the place if it applies. So what I got was the Fish, Chicken, and Chips Combo ($8.25). You get two pieces of battered fish and chicken along with potato chips. The fish was tender and flaky. The chicken was bit chewy because it was a bit dry. The potato chips are comparable nilla wafers thicknesswise but were just a tad bigger. Im thinking if dude  makes it with some kind of seasoning, it would surely be a hit for it was already decent the way it was.If you refer to my pic, when the guy brings it out to you on a tray, it comes complete with ranch, ketchup, tartar sauce, and hot sauce. That's awesome! You have all the condiments you need!While I was eating, I noticed that other people that came in ordered Korean dishes mainly Bulgogi and Kim Chi Soup. Man, all it did was give me more incentive to come back and order those very same items. Oh, before I forget, this place is an American/Korean/Chinese type of cuisine. So basically, you can eat here every day for about 6 months and not have the same thing. Here are just some of the things that you would probably catch your eye after looking over the menu. Frog Legs, Oxtail Soup, Fried Pineapple, Kalbi Short Ribs, and Deep Fried Eggplant.Minus 1 star because of the cash only policy and the location. Quick story. As I park my car and get out, this guy comes out of nowhere asking me if I wanted to buy some weed from him. I said, no thanks, I am here for the fish and chips. He responded with oh yeah, the fish and chips are bomb here. Then off he went like nothing happened.In closing, food and service here is great. I just dont think coming here at night would be a good idea especially if you are alone. Which reminds me. The business hours are Monday thru Saturday 10:30 am to 8 pm. Closed sundays. These guys are located in a strip mall on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Cheyenne Ave. Check them out.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #129 "Fish n Chips and other stuff"Just introduced to this place.  Great chicken bulgogi!!!  I got it at a medium.  Good spice, but I will try the hot next time.  I'll be back.One of my favorite lunch places when I'm on the area. They have a nice variety of food. My favorite is the combination fried rice. Everything is made to order and prices are reasonable.Ignacio wanted chinese & of course I wanted Fried food so off to yelp & found this place based on the reviews.  It is a true Mom & pop.  I had the fish & chips and Ignacio have the Korean Beef Bul Gogi.  They only have can/bottle soda and juices so we shared a bottle of pepsi.  We asked for cups with ice and mom provided them for the asking.  We sat at 1 of 6-7 tables and pop comes with a tray full of all the condiments and sauces that you would ever want for your meal.  Shortly after we sat our food came out.  Ignacio loved the big bowl of rice and a sizzling skillet of beef Bul Gogi.  His first time having it and he said he would def come back again for the same thing.  I had 3 pieces of fish & fries.  The fist was a very thin filet with a great crispy & flaky batter.  The fries were a thick waffle cut and were also nice and crisp just the way I like them. Tarter sauce was obviously home made with lots of pickle and was in a huge squeeze bottle.  There was also a fish sauce if you wanted that instead.  I posted pics of the menu and we will be coming back to this place soon to try something new.

I hadn't had In-N-Out for 9 years, so call me deprived.  The last time I had it was in 2000 next to the UC Irvine campus.  I had no clue In-N-Out existed in Vegas, but my friends suggested it and off we went in our cab after I had run the 1st ever Rock N Roll Las Vegas Marathon.

-Assigned seating

8. Dessert? Yes -- the caramel apple upside down cake. Worth all calories, very sharable. Note that the last dessert, house made ice cream and shakes, does not exist, darn it, and probably will be removed from the menu.

Gatorade7 Up

-Kickboxing Class at 6:00pm with Nancy:  My brother lost 70 lbs with kickboxing alone, so I needed to start chasing this class...it's high paced and a lot of work!Wednesday:

Ive also had their gumbo which I wouldn't recommend. Has a kind of asian medicine taste to it.

Friendly, knowledgeable  staff always willing to help out

After we sat down and ordered we watched our onion rings, along with the tables behind us, and another short stack sit under the heat lamp for a honest 15 minutes.

Steakburgers are actually very good, they look very thin, and smashed. But the flavor are very good. Should at least try them!

I've never gotten anything else from here for dessert other than their gazillion layer chocolate fudge cake. it's one of the best chocolate cakes I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing. Moist, rich, dark, and sweet...it's incredibly difficult to finish when you eat everything that was mentioned above, but if you push yourself hard enough, you can finish it, and feel extremely guilty afterwards as you walk back to your hotel stuffed with hundreds of dollars of food in your belly thinking about all the hungry people in the world.Had lunch again at the Palm, and once again it didn't disappoint.  The food is consistently excellent, and the service is, too.  The wait staff here are real pros who know how to deliver an excellent dining experience.  You are going to get terrific old school food and terrific old school service.  Be forewarned, though, this place can get pricey quick.  Lunch for two with tip was about $220.00 for drinks, salads, steaks, one side split two ways, and coffee.  The specials are often good bets.  See my previous review below.the rating and the following was based on my experience in 2009.  i heard the menu has since changed, and the meals i had are no longer on the menu.  bummer.********************************************

We had to come again the next day before leaving Phoenix back home. This time I wanted the full order for myself so I didn't  have to share it! I would give it 5 stars because of the OMG French toasts, the Benedicts were great and tasty. The MMM mimosa was great too. The service is great and friendly. However, my only complaint was that I ordered an OJ and asked the waiter whether it was freshly squeezed OJ, he said that it was, but when I tried it, it tasted like tropicana orange juice, which is good but not what I wanted or had in mind. Other than that it is the perfect place for your breakfast and brunch cravings.My boss took me here for lunch.  The service was fast and friendly.  The food was awesome.  The hash browns freaked me out a bit when they came molded in a little dome shape.  Overall the food was good.  It was really filling.  Unfortunately not enough for leftovers.  Another one of those places I wish was open all day.Good bfast option. Everything on the menu seems to be good except for the chicken sausage. Coffee is good but doesn't blow me awayStopped by Snooze AM Tempe last weekend, second visit to the chain and the first at this location.Atmosphere - Nice layout, we had a table inside but would look to sit outside as the weather changes. My only dislike was having the A/C vents pointed right at some tables which made it too cold when it kicked on.Service - Great. The estimated wait time was exactly what they quoted. The waitress was great in her very positive demeanor and her speed. Food came out very quick which was a plus.Food - Really good and creative menu. Breakfast Pot Pie - Tasty and the perfect size for my wife, the crust is very flakey and gravy is good. Snooze Spuds Deluxe - Good dish and if I were to re-order I'd make two changes to my order. First, don't order the chorizo, it tasted nothing like chorizo and I even asked the waitress if it wasn't the chicken sausage but she confirmed it was chorizo. Second, take their recommendation to put an egg or two on top, without them it is a little too dry. I'd like to them to put on a little more cheese on it.Overall, a very good place and I'm going up to four stars based on the service.Came for brunch and was not disappointed. I ordered the Chilaquiles Benedict with a spicy Bloody Mary. The Chilaquiles were served as two croquet type servings, two tortillas with the toppings piled high on top. The helping of Barbacoa was fairly generous and really tender. The egg was done perfectly and the fresh chopped tomato salsa was really fresh. They aren't spicy but some Jalapeño Tobasco helped with that. I felt the portion was just right but if you're really hungry make sure you get hash browns on the side to fill up. The Bloody Mary was OK. The mix they use is somewhat thick and spicy wasn't really that spicy. They also use a lot of pepper which I'm not personally a big fan of. My wife got the Pot Pie which she devoured. The crust was soft and flaky and the gravy had great consistency as well. She had a mimosa with cranberry and lemonade and absolutely loved it. We will definitely be back!Snooze is always consistent with their food and service. We came here before heading to the airport to leave AZ. We had snooze in Pheonix the day before and really enjoyed our experience there. We had to wait 45 mins for a table at this one. Something I like about Snooze is that their timelines are accurate for a wait. They also text you when your table is about to be ready. This location of this one is pretty small and it's right on campus. We made the mistake of saying first available and it was a hot day. They strategized well with with umbrellas and each table was under an umbrella. The still air didn't help the situation though and we were pretty hot while we ate. It really just took from our experience a bit since the food and service were still great. I had the lower east sider (I'm not sure if it's lower or upper) and it was great. My husband had the build your own omelette which he really enjoyed (again). We both shared the cinnamon roll pancake which is thee best pancake ever! It melts in your mouth and has some sort of warm frosting filling. Oh man, it's divine.So yeah good food, service, ambiance and I recommend sitting inside!By far the best was the Benny Goodman.Lox style salmon and cream cheese served over toasted rye and topped with poached cage free eggs, cream cheese hollandaise blended with sun dried tomato and caper relish.Another great item was the sweet potato pancake with caramel and pecans on top...Mmm..Great breakfast menu, awesome location. Ordered  3 egg omelet with three fillings. Their cop of coffee is like a small vase, you probably won't ask for a refill.Snooze is hit or miss. The tofu is terrible. I love that they have t but it's so undercooked even when I order it well done. Hashbrowns and pancakes are amazing. Mimosas are great. Great service this time.Stopped in for breakfast/lunch before a Monday afternoon tour of ASU (new "Future Sun Devil Welcome Center" is right across the street). Our group did both sweet (pancake flights-- both highly recommended the Drunken Punk'n option) and savory (Havana Daydreaming and B.E.A.T. Sammies). The food was fantastic. Delicious OJ and coffee. Only complaint was that food delivery was slow.I started to wonder if someone forgot to fire our order given the number of guests that arrived at the same time or after us that not only received their orders but also finished them before we were served. Our server handled it well though and had plenty of time to get to our tour. Will definitely visit again when looking for food in Tempe.Such an awesome selection of food and always high quality. Their soy chai's are amazing! If you haven't been... You should! Your tummy will thank you.Outstanding food. Sunday brunch was very good. Prices aren't too bad. The Coffee Doughnut Pancakes are really good. The Chilaquiles Benedict was good, but hoped for better. You know when I restaurant goes the extra mile for quality, Snooze AM does that. Hipster ambiance, which isn't my style, but I don't mind it either. Will be back soon!Very good breakfast. We didn't want to wait 20 minutes for a table so we grabbed a couple seats at the breakfast bar. The ham Benedict was delicious. The environment was fun, retro decor and lively colors.We love Snooze absolutely, but the problem is so does everyone else! Last visit was a 2 hour wait. Definitely recommend but pick your times.  Only been there for breakfast but food is consistently good as well as the service.Been meaning to write this since Sunday when we came in, just now getting a chance. I came in with my girlfriend and her sisters for the first time. We heard good things and wanted to try it out. I am not a university kid, I am a community college, rock n roll kid and I couldn't help but to scoff at some of the belligerent college bros stumbling out of some of the locations near by. No big deal, they need to have fun too I suppose! The wait was about 40 minutes, but the weather was nice and they gave us coffee. Some of the staff were nice, some seemed blah, but Kate (gosh I hope that is her name!) behind the bar was serving us and she was an A fucking + server. Best server I have had in probably years. Her suggestions were amazing, her knowledge about the food and drinks was ample and her smile was so contagious. Great service, nice mid century feel, and good food! The food was great, but not amazing (I know it is hard to do that with breakfast food) so Snooze gets 4 stars from me. If I could do 4.5, I would... Just cause the service was so good.I was hungry for pancakes but decided against them. They have all sweet toppings, soI chose the Bella Bella Benny hollandaise instead. It was good though wary since the meat was prosciutto.  Other party members had the Ham Benedict III and Juan's Breakfast Tacos.We arrived early at 9:15 amenity a 30 minute wait, we were told. The wait was much longer and they lost new business  and the restaurant next door received those customers. There is complementary coffee while you wait which is a major plus!  The food was very tasty and we'd definitely return! I had the option to substitute pancakes for the hash browns for a $3.50 surcharge. That's quite a hefty substitute fee!Great breakfast find while on vacation. Corned beef hash was excellent and OMG French toast was as good as advertised. Great environment and service to boot.I like to try out the pancakes of the day ussually really goodGenerally I try to stick to local spots when I eat out, but snooze is a breakfast joint and I love breakfast. Anyway, my first time there the waitstaff was having a competition to see who could drink the most bloody Mary's on shift; my group found this hilarious and the feeling in the restaurant was fun and professional. The food was 4/5 stars, the service was great, the prices were kind of high, and I will definitely go back. Oh! Also, they allow pets on the patio which is great for my dog -- he loves it! There are better local spots, but you probably won't be too disappointed here either way.Amazing buttermilk pineapple upside down pancakes with cinnamon butter.  Unique and delicious. Fun, bright orange and airy ambience at the new edge of the Tempe ASU campus.  Serves a variety of interesting bloody Mary's if so inclined including fresh gazpacho. Ordered the Benny Goodman eggs Benedict with salmon locks.  Scrumptious!  Fresh squeezed OJ too.  Big crowds, but move fast and will text you when table is ready.  Can hang out for free coffee while waiting or enjoy a nice stroll if the nearby ASU campus.Solid food, decent wait staff, would def go again.  My omelet was very good, but would go with the breakfast burrito next time!Our server was very attentive and explained everything very well and we only waited about 15 minutes.....they have done great flavors of pancakes....I enjoyed the pineapple upside down pancakes.....along with the corned beef hash.....a very nice stop....My boyfriend and I both had work off yesterday, which happened to be a Monday (we typically don't have Mondays off so we wanted to take advantage!). Based on a quick Yelp search, we decided to try breakfast at Snooze. Being a Monday at 10:30, I didn't anticipate how busy this place would be! Granted, we are in a college town and in the thick of things at ASU where most students don't have a traditional schedule, but looking around there were people of all ages filling up the place. The wait was only about 10 minutes and while I would have loved to sit on their beautiful, tree-filled patio, we settled for a booth in the corner inside as we were both famished. I decided to go with the 3 egg omelet and added avocado, garlic and tomato. This came with a choice of toast (I picked sour dough) and hash browns. The boyfriend had one of their several unique eggs benedict options, choosing the Chili Verde Benny. I can't speak for him entirely, but he cleaned his plate in under 10 minutes. The hashbrowns arrived in a neat stack and the presentation was almost as great as the meal itself. The ingredients were incredibly fresh and well prepared. I realize this is breakfast and not a gourmet dining experience, but it was certainly one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Being a Monday, I decided to dry-out and opted for coffee - although they had a lot of enticing breakfast cocktail items. My breakfast date was a little more adventurous and tried the "Snooze Fashioned": Cyrus Noble Bourbon, Cold Brewed Coffee, Cherry Shurb and Bitters, which he very much enjoyed!Lest I forget, the service was pretty spot on as well. I believe our servers name was Flip. He seemed almost as excited about the place as we were, and that was refreshing! He offered suggestions for future visits and was fun/attentive without being at all overbearing.Needless to say, we will definitely be back. A great spot to bring family or friends who might be visiting from out of town :)I've eaten here a number of times since it opened and found the service to be great and the belly bacon always delicious. The one thing that always bugged me though is I've always hated the hash browns molded into a tour. Well today, while doing breakfast with some friends, the waiter let us know we could get the hash browns mashed down and fried crispy. i didn't get any but some of my friends did and they are everything a breakfast hash brown should be, flattened out and crispy all over. I asked if this was a new thing and the wait person told me no, it was always available and not listed so you have to ask for it.Well Snooze, knowing that I can get my hash browns the way I want them kicks you up a star. In addition, it was my first time eating at the outside tables and wow, it was so nice outside, what a great way to start the day.Food is usually fantastic. Today was not quite up to par. Server was a bit preoccupied. We ordered strawberries on the pancakes ask specifically for fresh not soaked in sugar. We didn't want them if soaked. Typically have always come fresh but last week they weren't so we asked. They came soaked in sugar again:( also two of us ordered hash browns flat and crispy only one of us got then that way:( server was refilling waters one in my part covered his glass and said none for me thanks. She the preceded to refill his glass. We will still come back but hope for different server.Service was slow. I ordered Benedict Ham III or whatever they call their Eggs Benedict.  It came wish a side of hash browns. I found the presentation excellent but I took two issues with the meal. First, the ham was dry and didn't cut easily with a knife. Second, it was a little light on the hollandaise sauce, which makes or breaks the entire dish itself.A co-worker ordered French Toast and side of bacon. Both were on point!I have now been to all the Snooze locations and enjoy their breakfast offerings. The pancakes are always sweet and delicious, and the bennies are very flavorful. I love the mix and match menu options for both pancakes and eggs benedict. That makes it easier for us. But this place is SO crowded. Plan on waiting up to 45 minutes on the weekend for sure. But hit them up - really fine breakfast goodies ... skip the hash browns though (they're kinda meh.)Long wait but boy is it worth it. The service was perfect, the food left my boyfriend and I craving it for weeks. First time we sat on the patio and enjoyed the weather. Perfect spot for a mimosa or bloody Mary and brunch. Second time we waited for an hour and sat near the bathrooms, which awkwardly enough have a bit of a view to the men's room.Incredibly friendly staff; they all seem like they love working there & have a nice team-atmosphere. The wait can be a pain, but they offer a self-serve station with yummy free coffee which helps. Cute retro decor & decent food/selection. The portions are quite large & great for sharing.Delicious. Some of the best breakfast food I've had. Get the French toast. It's to die for!Traveling through Tempe again and stopped here for breakfast once again. They always cook pouched eggs perfect, not to mention the sweet potato pancakes just melt in your mouth with flavor. My husband and I always share plates to taste different things. Service, also great.

Scallop / Excargots

WHEW...lolThis place has good cheap food.  No complaints...the service was a LITTLE slow considering there we're a ton of people in there, but they did go BUY jallapeno's when I asked for more which was WAY above and beyond. We got the veggie spring rolls, thia tea and pho...it was all really good.  I got a yep appetizer for free and a buy 2 get one free thia tea, which was exciting!Bottom Line: This is definitely a good Vietnamese place...I'll be going again.So I found this place via the EAT24 app as I have two young kids and taking them anywhere is just a joke at this point. So I haven't been into the actual restaurant but I have ordered delivery a half a dozen times. I have one word for the food.. PHO!! I might have a slight addiction to asian noodle soup and theres is exceptionally good! Ive had it 4 times this week and will probably be getting it again tomorrow! I also ordered the Pad Thai and it was pretty good. About a 3 out of 5 for the Pad Thai.I'm very excited that I found this place! North LV is not exactly known for excellent Asian cuisine.I actually stumbled upon this place by sheer accident  (or lazyness, i'll let you be the judge of that).the day i ran into this place, i was feeling tired and under the weather. All I really wanted was some comfort food, some Tinola with rice and some fish sauce :) (tinola ~ vegetable, ginger, soupy strew, usually made with chicken) but the only way i was going to get that is if i made it myself, so i headed to smith's. once i got there i changed my mind, and decided i was so not in the mood to cook at all, but that was not gong to fix my hunger issues. so i walked into jasmine express, and was pleasantly surprised to see pho on the menu. Of course that is exactly what I got and it was actually very good!Besides Vietnamese food, i was very excited to discover that they offer Thai food as well. It's about time!!They have some decent pad Thai, pad si ew, and thai tea boba.

Chocolate Glazed

It's great food, decently priced though it's a tad expensive so I rarely order from there or visit. Also, being that I'm not a drunk 20 year old with a fake ID and a stomach full of jager bombs...I HATE the south side... so that usually keeps me away as well.Best fish and chips ever! Tons of character .

- You can't have waffles without warm syrup! The Cons:

2/16/11Both the beef brisket and smoked chicken offered at the butcher's counter are fantastic - tender, juicy, and thoroughly WOW!  I wish they'd cook more than one brisket a day, though. Some days they run out early!________________________________________________Whole Foods

Pannacotta - way too sweetPerson who greeted us was very welcoming

2. shrimp

Situated right opposite the Omni Centre and Edinburgh Playhouse, Cafe Habana would be an ideal place to go for a drink after a performance or before going on to Mood.  Further, it does plenty of its own entertainment with big screens showing sporting events and it even does its own karaoke night. Cafe Habana, although not the cheapest pub, is in an excellent location and has something to suit just about everyone.I tend to go here on the quiter nights Which is usually a Sunday. If you like wild partys with no room to move go on a Friday or a Saturday by all means. This palce sells brilaint pints with some of the best beers.I popped in here with my partner on our anniversary tour of Scotland. Honestly - it is the friendliest pub we have been to so far in Edinburgh. We were early on a Saturday night and stopped in b/c I had recognized it from searching gay friendly pubs online. We were very pleased with the bartenders and beer prices and will stop back in before we leave the country. Good mix of people and age groups - friendly staff, good atmosphere. Really good time (minus the one Really drunk guy  - but that happens)Good value and a very good meal.  I had the whole sea bass which was very good and fresh.  In general, this place is busy but was able to find us a table without a reservation.Cafe Marlayne is a great little place to head to for a down to earth, doesn't cost the earth, high quality French meal.I've been in here quite a few times for lunch, and it's great if you're looking for something slightly more formal than a cafe, but still really chilled out and relaxed. The premises are miniature, so be aware that just wandering in at peak times could mean you'll be disappointed, so I would recommend just phoning ahead and enquiring about table space. The French menu choices are fairly traditional, with a twist, and the choices change really regularly, so you won't really ever get bored with the menu selection.Thistle St does have its fair share of remarkably good restaurants, and Cafe Marlayne is definitely one of the most reliably decent establishments.Sunday Bloody Sunday......so says the song.....finding a restaurant for a Sunday is a challenge I come up against way more than I would like but finally I have found a superb Sunday offering that inst a Sunday roast.Cafe Marlayne is a wonderfully quaint and cosy restaurant  adding some French flare to the international gastronomy that can be found of Thistle Street.On entering you immediately feel relaxed and as if you could be at home, the ambiance is great. The menu comes as a printed page reflecting the seasonal approach to produce they have and the ever changing options to be enjoyed. For starter I opted for the boudin noir (black sausage), with apple puree, and sauteed potatoes. Lovely dish that I have to say could have been taken to another level with a little scallop.My scallop cravings still in mine my main soon rectified this, pork belly with queen scallops and herb salad, Was delightful. The fat on the pork was very well cooked down to just  leave tender succulent meat. Presentation was lovely and the tastes delightful.Add a bottle of wine, 3 coffees, one desert and 2 drambuies and to have a bill come in under £100 for 3 people was a pleasant surprise.A great place for a great meal, highly JD Recommended.-We visited because of the favorable Yelp reviews and were not disappointed.  The ambiance was lovely and even our pickiest eater found something he enjoyed.  Our group enjoyed the lamb, pork, duck and the cheese plate along with a nice bottle of Sancerre.  The sticky toffee pudding was amazing!!!Modern presentations of classic french fare. Hearty portions as well (you're in Scotland). Small restaurant with quaint decor and staffed with some very friendly folks. This was my dinner after a long day of travel and a battle with jet lag and it pretty much hit the spot. Pate. Lamb. Decent wine list.I read great things about Cafe Marlayne in advance and it certainly lived up to expectations. They took us as a walk in on a Friday night. Even though we had no reservation and they were super busy, they made us feel welcome and were very gracious. The food was outstanding and relatively cheap for the large portion sizes and outstanding quality. I had the baked cod and spring peas and both were brilliant. They brought complimentary bread pre-meal which was appreciated as we were all starving from being tourists all day. One of the girls got a chocolate torte desert.  We all tasted and it was heavenly. I would love to return. Our dishes were simply prepared, savory, and delicious. The hand-written menus were super cute, but also nearly illegible to us, so that was the only negative thing I have to say, but otherwise, I highly recommend Cafe Marlayne if you're in Edinburgh.Caffe Espresso is a tiny wee hidden gem tucked away just off the Royal Mile.Serving up some more unusual fillings and toppings for bread based snacks, this family run Italian cafe serve up some really good quality food at a fraction of the price you'd pay just around the corner.There are a couple of seats inside, but you'll soon learn if you stop by that it's not really fit for sitting in. It's simply too small for big hordes of people. But don't let that deter you - if it's a sunny day I would sit outside and have a wee munch on your sandwich there instead. It's definitely worth it - their food is fresh, zesty and full of goodness. They also make a mean latte - cheaper than Starbucks, and more robust!I happened to stop by on a very dreary day, and can honestly say their food and coffee brightened me up! For next time, I'd bare in mind they had some more unusual salad offerings, featuring my favourite - anchovies! Those little fishies don't float everyone's boat but if you haven't tried them, I would strongly recommend it. Plus, it was nice to se a sandwich shop selling more than just a chicken melt panini. Nom, nom.Quite surprised that there s only one review here;jean michel is an excellent chef, and the food tastes''real''

The staff is super friendly! Probably one of the nicest staff in Charlotte!! Very accompanying and attentive :) not sure many people know about this place! Just be prepared to dish out 15$ for a pizza!!This is a very nice, clean, friendly restaurant. I enjoyed the 11 inch Omaggio Special pizza. The toppings were all fresh and the sauce was well prepared.  I liked that the crust was lite and not over filling. The pizza could have used a bit more seasoning for me! The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. Because I checked in with the Yelp App, we enjoyed a complimentary dessert of canolli.I will definitely return to try other items on the menu.While we were trying to decide where to grab dinner on a low-energy, errand running kind of night, we realized as many times as we have been around it, we had yet to try Pizzeria Omaggio! It was a bit later in the evening so it was fairly quiet inside but we were promptly greeted by friendly faces and asked if it was our first time visiting. The young lady handed us menus at the register and walked us through the process kindly. A gentleman, who appeared to be the owner or someone close to that title, then approached and greeted us and spent a couple minutes talking about the menu and  joking with us. So friendly! We finally decided and ordered our food and sat down. The seating area is clean as is the kitchen that you can visualize the cooking process due to it being open. All ingredients are fresh and you can definitely tell. Creative menu choices, keep an eye on the specials because they can help you choose outside the box!  For a gal that eats pizza folded in half, the crust does not quite hold up, but that does not reflect in my review ;) great place, good food, nice people! Great option to have close to home.Very clean and nice atmosphere for a quiet dinner with my husband. Food was yummy! I ate the margherita pizza and he has meat-lovers. Both were good.I had the opportunity to try Pizzeria Omaggio, and was VERY IMPRESSED with the Customer Service.  The Venue was very clean and well taken care of.  PIZZA WAS AMAZING!  I ordered the Vegetarian Pizza, with pepperoni added.  The Crust tasted fresh and was delicious.  I'm not a fan of the Garlic Bread, but the Pizza was on point.I am in love with this place! I'm so glad I took a trip out to the Met and this shop? It actually makes that horrible parking deck worth it. Seriously.The staff is great. They are friendly, will offer suggestions and are very quick to bring you any items you need. They work very hard to keep the interior clean and check on your progress, without being obtrusive. Good grief. Look, I gave up sandwiches, potatoes and candy for Lent this year. Since it was over last night, I was so excited to grab a sandwich somewhere. I had the Italiano panini here and it was amazeballs. The bread *has* to be freshly made here. Oh. My. Gosh. It was so soft, but it had this perfect crust on the exterior. It was just the right amount of warmth. Not insanely hot, but not room temp. The balsamic vinaigrette on the sandwich was a fabulous balance. You could taste it on the sandwich, but it wasn't so much that it made the bread soggy. Y'all know how I hate soggy bread. Ugh. The Rosemary chips are awesome. If you're looking for a comparison, they're like Papi Queso's, but without the truffle oil. Rosemary isn't my favorite herb, so I was wary, but since I haven't had potatoes in FOR-EV-ER, I went for it. They were seasoned very well. You got more rosemary than salt or pepper and it was blissful. I really enjoy the places with open kitchens. I fancy myself a home chef, so I like to see how people get down in a kitchen! It's fun to me. I didn't get a pizza this time, but it's definitely on the menu for the next visit. And there definitely will be one here. What a great experience, Pizzeria Omaggio! Cheers to you!I am honestly so torn on this review, It's Ok (3 stars) or Yay, I'm a fan (4 stars)..tough call. I have decided on 4 stars.  The pizza was good, but the owner was so nice and I enjoy the atmosphere.I have been wanting to check out this place for a while, but due to the parking situation, I always continue to drive by.  Luckily this past weekend, after a Target visit, I decided to check it out.  I was a little thrown off that you order at the counter and receive a number, should have read the other reviews, being that I wanted to sit down and enjoy a glass of wine, etc.  No big deal though.  I decided to start with the tortellini soup and a cheese pizza, added grilled chicken. And, of course a glass of pinot grigio.  The wine was crisp, perfect for my liking and a great price.As for the food, the soup was okay, very bland broth, I actually added salt for some flavor. The meat tortellini were great, the three or four I received.  (Check out my photo, mainly onions and broth.) However, the tortellini actually reminded me of when I was a kid, and ate my Italian grandmother's tortellini/ravioli.

Nous conseillons fortement. Et 2 ado capricieux compris ;)We had the this platter with calamari, mussels, prawns, fish, sweet onions and tomatoes, was soooo good!!This is one of the nicer spas in Downtown Montreal. Located right in Old Montreal, it just as easy to combine your spa trip with a hotel night stay at the Hotel Place D'Armes.

1. I ordered the veal shank in a tomato, celery base soup, cooked for 5 hours with the bone in which meant that there was bone marrow. This was a special for that night.2. Stuffed veal with prosciutto and mushroom with a side of gnocchi, another special.

ie. Prive, Pure, Tabu, Tao, and that  other one in Venetian...Bank was okay-but need more Bank theme going on, Tryst and Jet I hear are still good.I stuck with the Patron shots, it's not too bad @ $13/shot.if you like Tao Beach, you will like this club as much or maybe more.

Love this place, and I'm sure I'll come back once a month or whenever they get new clothes.This is an awesome store if you are looking for a fresh fashion look on a ramen noodle budget. The average skirt is about $12, shoes are about $22 and dresses are about $20. Everything is arranged by color/shade. The quality of the clothes? Don't expect a steak dinner for a ramen price... If you are happy getting a cute dress that will only last 3 or 4 washes? If so, this is a great place to shop. I have found the items that I try to hold onto longer do not wash well, they often lose their form quickly and look stretched out. I recommend having patience for hand washing and keeping a sewing kit around for quick repairs if you would like to stretch the life out of your clothes here. I have had NO luck shoe shopping here. Although there is a great deal of variety and it is affordable, I ALWAYS regret buying the shoes 40 minutes into wearing them. The cheap Pleather always leaves me with blisters and the quality sucks. The fashion jewelry rack is reasonably priced and a great value. They do not take AMEX, so bring cash or a Visa. Also, they have a horrid return policy and a ground dressing room. Wear a bra/panties so you feel comfortable trying all of your items on before buying them.I hate their return policy but if im in a pitch I'll buy a $25.00 club hooker dress to wear once and pitch it!  PERFECT for that dress you only wanna wear once and don't care about or if you're broke!!!  You're shy this fitting room is definitely not for you!Love the clothes!! My fave place to shop. Affordable and trendy.. almost like forever 21 but with cheaper prices....I just love how this store, as well as the other location is color coordinated ! It's so easy to find anything you want . The prices are great as well .Only thing I dont like is the return policy;as well as the open dressing room (only at this location), not everybody is comfortable undressing in front of a room full of peopl ! Centennial location has seperate dressing rooms with DOORS.Everything is fine here, just not a fan of the open fitting room. It's one large room with mirrors, and all the girls are in there changing. No privacy at all.Found out there's a new location at downtown Summerlin under the pavilion it's just a lot smaller than this one. I get most of my work clothes here, as they're decent quality and cheaper than anywhere else. Their heel selection is awesome, they have a lot of stuff fashion nova and lolashoetique sells but you can actually try them on in person here. They also always have new stuff every week or so it seems like. Everything is organized by color which makes my life easier. To everyone complaining about the girls that work here: they are making minimum wage lol what do you expect.I wasn't expecting much for a $70/night hotel that offers a kitchenette and a large room, for the same price as the Super8 on the other side of I-10.  However, I was pleasantly surprised!  At ESA, you get a two burner stove, a full size refrigerator, a bed, a couch, tiny dining table, and small bathroom.  Best of all, it doesn't smell like stale cigarette smoke, and it's pretty quiet even though it's right off the freeway.  There isn't free breakfast, but there is free wifi.  It's certainly not as nice as the Residence Inn, but for the price, it's hard to beat.  If you're on a budget, it's much better than Super8 or Motel 6.Vista Del Camino DGC (also known as the Shelly Sharpe Memorial DGC) is one of the two courses featured as part of the annual Memorial tournament held every late Febuary / Early March. The other course being Fountain Hills. The course is situated in a public park located smack dab in the middle of Scottsdale. There are two lakes that come into play, which for a So. Cal player who rarely deals with water holes for the most part makes playing here a bit more tricky and challenging. The first hole is adjacent to a parking lot off of Roosevelt. It's best to either have a map of the course handy when playing or at least take a picture of the posted map so you are aware of where to head next, as this course does have an odd flow if any at all. On this visit (mind you it was also my first), I arrived around 8:30 AM and the park was mostly empty minus a few early morning joggers, people walking their dogs and the occasional senior citizen taking a stroll. I am told that the park does get busy with non-golfers, so be mindful of others who are using the park. There was only one other golfer on the course, who started shortly after I tee'd off on hole 1. You are immediately confronted with a water hazard on the first hole, which according to Ashley who works at Spinners On The Green (disc golf store located near the tee on hole #12), he's witnessed many just move on to hole two because the water shakes their confidence. I personally ended up nearly acing the hole using a Blizzard Destroyer (158 gram)...it's definitely a hole that is meant to intimidate you right away but rewarding if you play it well.  The majority of the course is quite open and flat, playing around some decent sized trees, grassy fields and pedestrian pathways that are considered out of bounds. Again, it's important to know what basket your throwing at as each hole has many different pin positions. A few holes play on the side of slopes near a school and some holes play near apartment buildings, so be careful not to shank discs or they will end up lost or hitting someone's window. Hole 8 was personally one of my favorite holes since it plays rather short with it being on a slope...shoot it too hard and your disc may skip out of bounds (onto the walkway or into the lake)...shoot it too far right and you may end up out of bounds onto the sidewalk / street. Hole 9 is likely the most trickiest drives of the course as the lake is to your right and the walkway to your left is out of bounds, leaving a small landing field in between. This is where the basket is. I had a nice drive with my Blizzard Katana (157 gram) but it stayed stable (straight) for too long over the lake, missing the grass by maybe 15 feet...landing in the lake. I attempted to get the disc out with one of the iron rake devices (which is sold at Spinners, I borrowed mine from a buddy of mine who used to live in AZ and gave it to me for my trip) but had no luck. The back end of the course plays along the flat short grass fields of the park until you make it to hole 18 which does bring the water into play. This course was quite fun in all, but I actually found it to be quite easy, minus the out of bounds pathways and the water hazards. I ended my round 3+ (including a lost disc in the water and missing a mandatory...pretty much par'd everything else...plus 2 or 3 birdies). I bet the course becomes more difficult with wind and people enjoying the park, but today I found the course really relaxing and fun. This is definitely a go-to course if you are in the Phoenix area.I'm new to the disc golf scene.  I played in early May 2012 and it is a nice course situated in a public park.  It was very green and the water was flowing.  The trees provided some decent shade in the heat.   I was there on a Monday morning and there were several other golfers but not overly crowded.   Good vibe, other players were friendly.  I highly recommended this course.Played at Shelly Sharpe, a.k.a. Vista Del Camino yesterday with a buddy of mine. I hadn't played here in a few years but it was great to get out, walk the course, and hurl the Frisbee's around the park.I really enjoy playing here as its an easy walk and the park is nice. They change up the location of the baskets from time to time which makes it an interesting play whenever you get out. The most challenging part is the #1 hole which you have to toss over the water as well as a few other holes where the water is in play. I'd recommend that you are equipped with footwear you can remove fairly quickly just in case you have to get in that nasty pond to find a disk you let get away from you on an errant drive (if you're willing to do that). My buddy and I both had to dip our feet into the water to rescue our discs yesterday. Despite the pond hazard, this is a great place to get in a quick round of disc golf in Scottsdale as the park is in great shape and it is tended to pretty well.An added bonus of playing here is that Spinners on the Green is located in the shopping center adjacent to the park. If and when you lose a disc to a tree or the pond, they're right there for you to scoop up a new Frisbee or two before or after a round.Beautiful park, good distance course, water and building hazards too! Additionally you have access to restaurants and Spinners Disc Golf if you need a new or used disc.After playing in the dirt courses in Tucson, like Santa Cruz Disc Golf Course, this was a welcome change. In spite of playing in 100 degree weather, playing in a grass park felt like low to middle 90s at Santa Cruz. What a difference grass makes! I've forgotten how nice it is.This course is in a park, but there are not that many people in the park, at least when we were there in early afternoon, to compete with. There is a very nice bike/roller skate/jogging/walking path around the waterway/ponds in the park as well as a nice playground for kids complete with splash pad. We even played last week on Memorial Day and we didn't have to watch out once or wait for a pedestrian to make a throw.There are mature trees so it makes it nice to park oneself in the shade while you are waiting for your partner to make his throw. That said, there are only a few baskets where the trees really are an obstacle. Many of the baskets are wide-open, making this a good course to practice your drives and if you are a sub 300' thrower like I am, a good course to also practice your approach shots as most baskets are placed beyond 300'.The park is in a wash typography so there are grassy berms on both sides of the park. The course uses these berms, with at least five baskets on the side of the fairly steep berms.Water hazards come into play on four or five baskets. Basket #1 starts off that way. An errant flight line or hitting one of those trees on the bank will land your disc in the murky, muddy water. The water is not deep, though, and will come up 4" or 5" above your knee. There is just concrete covered by mud in there. If you can't find your disc, the staff at the disc golf store off of basket #12, Spinners on the Green, troll the waters every week and post their find. Or they'll call you if your name and phone number is on your disc.Not too challenging as far as obstacles go, but a very pleasant experience.Fun little place. Everyone was friendly and food was tasty. Large variety of food at reasonable prices. Something nice for east valleyMy wife and I are so happy we tried Bin 68 for our date night.  It was such a refreshing change to the usual hang outs.  We had the bruchetta and let Tracy pick our meat and cheese from the MarketBoard.  He was right on spot!  Everything was delicious.  We had so much fun talking with Tracy and alot of help from Matt with the wines.  Can't wait to go back and bring our friends.I have a feeling some of the initial poor reviews that were released  were due to growing pains, as it happens with lots of new restaurants. I think there's even been some shift in management and staff. I had a wonderful experience at Bin 86.The ambiance was relaxed and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The food was tasty and served promptly and they had a nice selection of quality wines. My guest and I ordered a selection of meats and cheeses, which were presented very delicately, followed by some Bruscetta and beef skewers. None of the food disappointed. I also got to have a really great conversation with one of the managers, Matt, about his history in the wine business while we sampled some delicious Red's and dessert wine.If you've been here before and had a bad experience, I'd recommend giving it a second try, and if you haven't been, you should check it out!It's amazing how people are so quick to judge.....as if they all think they can do better.  I've been to Bin 68 twice and both times I had a great experience.  If you're looking for Snottsdale people then go there.  Service was wonderful and let me remind you all we are in east Mesa.  Tracy and Elsie were very friendly and I will continue to support them.By far one of the best hot dogs in Madison. Too bad they're not open late. Terrific spot for a noon time lunch during the weekOh hey Fib's! Not certain why it took me nearly two years to try a cart I was destined to adore simply by it's name (it's true, it's true... yours truly is a FIB) but I'm sure glad it's out Saturday's on the square because I was haaaaangry (angry hungry) and didn't want to sit down somewhere. The wait was a touch on the long side for what seemed like little to no line, but that didn't matter once I sunk my teeth into the tender, authentic, Chicago style Italian beef. It's not quite on par with Portillo's (the undisputed king of Italian beef sammies in the city), but it's pretty damn tasty! They were nice enough to send me with some gravy so I could dip, but the sandwich itself is pretty wet. I look forward to exploring more of the menu, pretty extensive when you consider the amount of space they're working with!This is one of my favorite places to stop at the farmers market. Try a hot beef sandwich with hot peppers!I tried Fib's for lunch today.  I was there early, so no wait at all.  The folks working the truck were super friendly and helpful.  They have a variety of sandwiches (roast beef, Italian sausage, meatball, polish sausage, chicken breast, hot-dogs, veggie dogs) with a variety of condiments (gravy, peppers, marinara, cheese, onions, etc).  I asked for a recommendation and they suggested the Beef Sandwich.  I had it with provolone and both sweet and hot peppers.  The beef was super tasty.  It comes on a large loaf of Italian Bread.  I was skeptical about the bread at first, it's a little hard and crusty, but the beef was soaked in gravy (it's really the consistency of a french dip au jus, rather than gravy) and that soaked into the bread softening it up and making it quite delicious.  They suggested I grab napkins and I'm glad I did  as the au just did make it a little messy.  If you are i the mood for one of these types of sandwiches this is a  good place to go.We went here for a toddler-level 'hike' this weekend and I can't believe that in all my life of living in the Valley I haven't stopped here to enjoy this park.  I'm almost embarrassed to admit that!  In my defense, I have hiked up to Governor Hunt's white pyramid tomb that overlooks the Phoenix Zoo, which I *think* is still technically park of Papago Park...no?  But this time I was on the side of the park with the buttes and I've definitely never been on this side of the park before.It was very pleasant and the brisk weather was great for outdoor exercise, and ensuring no snakes.  That no snakes thing is a BIG plus in my book.  The paved trails all seemed well maintained and stroller friendly.  The unpaved trails were even perfect for my large wheeled, jogging stroller, but no bueno for some tiny wheeled, umbrella stroller.  The sole picnic ramada area I saw at the base of the buttes was very large and well kept too.  I liked how clean the park was and how you can experience a very basic outdoor hike while still being in the city with a full cell signal.  In fact I saw someone rappelling down the side of the one of the buttes and numerous people enjoying the cool weather on the bikes; it's nice that people can do that right in the center of the Valley. All in all, it made it the perfect place to take my baby daughter for her first little 'hike' so she could wander around and pick up rocks and see the view of Phoenix, but if needed we were a mere 20 minutes from home.  The only complaint was that I didn't see any public restrooms at the entrance to the trail by the parking lot, just a water fountain.  By the time we were leaving all that water I drank back there on the trail had gone right though me, and I would have even welcomed a smelly porta-potty.

MI got a good haircut and style at a decent price. The girl did what i asked when i showed her a picture. Theres a special right now - 7 foil highlights,cut, dry, waxed brows all for $60!Good cookies for a decent price.  My son loves to look at all the huge cookies, but we only get the normal ones!This review is for the cookbook section only.I stopped here today to kill time before attending a UYE on this side of town.I really enjoy cooking and reading about food, so I spent the vast majority of my time in the cookbook section. I was impressed with the number and variety of cookbooks they had. There were three cookbooks in particular that I had recently looked for at another Borders and a Barnes & Noble near my house. Neither store had what I was looking for. However, this store had two out of the three: Momofuku and James Beard's American Cookery. They didn't have the third, Invitation to Indian Cooking, but they did have a couple of other cookbooks by Madhur Jaffrey. Also, they had Julia Child's My Life in France on sale for $3.99.I can't speak for the rest of the store, but this location of Borders has one of the best cookbook sections I've found in Las Vegas/Henderson.Borders RIP.

Fast Service

+ price ... (although it's probably average for this type of places but still) .. my bill was like $7

4-Star restaurant for dinner.YELPY DETAILS:

Moving on...

Aside from the few negative points, I still feel the season pass is worth it if you like theme parks! I definitely will be going a lot this summer!!C'est la 2e année que j'achète le passeport saison. Je le prends au cours de la promotion du mois de mai, ou il faut être au minimum 2 acheteurs afin de payer environ une cinquantaine de dollars plus taxes pour le passeport et afin d'être surclassé au passeport or (qui donne le droit à un pamphlet plein de rabais, entrées gratuites, le parking ainsi que la gourde rose afin d'effectuer des remplissages à 1$ chaque fois). J'aime aller à la ronde, en particulier avec ma nièce qui m'entraîne dans tous pleins de manèges dans la section ribambelle, on va se faire mouiller dans les jeux d'eaux, il y en a plusieurs ce qui est génial lorsqu'on est avec des enfants. Petit conseil évidemment la nourriture coûte cher et il y a plein de radins pour se plaindre qu'on ne peut pas amener sa nourriture (allo c'est partout pareil que vous alliez voir un match de hockey au centre bell, ou un match de soccer au stade FAUT PAYER....) un option pas des plus saines mais des plus économiques pour les familles aller au MCDO, ils offrent une formule pour famille (2 trio et 2 happy meal) pour moins de 30$.Le seul bé mol à la Ronde c'est la multitude de manèges qui sont constamment en panne comme le Diable qui chaque fois plante et nécessite l'intervention de technicien.This is a great family restaurant - a little quiet sanity in the craziness of Crescent St. in Montreal.  This place really feels like a legit small family Italian place.  I kept it simple - an antipasti plate and pasta with marinara sauce, plus a glass of House red wine.The antipasti plate was exactly what I expected.  Very good.  The fresh tomato was *really* good.  Just a bite, but now in August, it was everything a good tomato should be, and did not taste like an industrial product (sad joke, given just how bad grocery store tomatoes in the U.S. are these days).  The mozzarella went with it very well.The bread was a bit of a disappointment - it would have been great to have some really fresh bread, but it was okay.The pasta and sauce was just fine, with fresh grated parmigiana cheese and fresh cracked pepper on top.  Just the way I like it.   I go for the simple straight forward dishes.  If they can get these right, then the more complex stuff is usually good as well.  Again, the sauce was great, and the pasta was cooked just right.So I would suggest this place if you are looking for a good place in Montreal with that family-run Italian feeling.BTW, I looked at the selection of wines and it looked great.Love this little Italian restaurant! After walking the city all day we were tired and starving. The comfy, home-style Italian food from this place was just what we needed! The waiter said that they stay open for as long as people come in, so it's a great place for a late night bite!Cozy and romantic atmosphere. Fancier but still reasonably priced. Really enjoyed the food.We had dinner here on a recent visit to Montreal. Food was very good overall a little salty. Pasta and sauce were fresh we had the chicken fettuccini and veal parmesan . The place doesn't look like much from the outside but it's got a cozy feeling to it inside. At the end of your meal you get a bowl of walnuts and clementines which was a nice touch :) overall it was good!alwayscome for a late quick lunch alone and then everything is fast. Their fries are the best.This Loblaws is good. Avoid peek times because the queues become unbearable.As a tourist, Brasserie Capri is not in the usual path of interests.  However, if you're reading this, you're probably interested in Quebec pork knuckles and you're probably thinking about going out of the way for it.  It's not actually a knuckle, but the shank portion above the foot.  It's braised in a slightly sour brine for hours until it's pretty much falling apart.  What you get is a lump that would have you wondering if you do have some cannibalistic tendencies, some boiled potatoes and kraut.It is the most porky meal I've ever had.  It just exudes the robust flavor of the pig, the smell of cooked swine just radiates in all directions.  You navigate through gelatinous skin and fat to softened meat with simply a fork.  Gobs and gobs of pork fat and meat, tinged with a slight sourness of vinegar.  Bonus:  Suck that marrow out of the bone.  Glorious.Classic "Tavern" style brasserie.  Tucked away next to new (repurposed industrial) residential condo developments along the Lachine Canal.  It's mostly frequented by locals.  Had a great lunch!  Hamburger Steak with Pepper Sauce & fries & steamed veg.   Friend had the Pigs Knuckles and they just don't come any better than here at the Capri.  French is the principal language. Cold beer was perfect.  Manon was our server and she is terrific,  bilingual, professional and friendly.  Bon appetit!!J'ai pris fantaisie de fraises. C'était bon mais je n'ai pas eu de fantaisies. Ça aurait du s'appeler fantaisies aux canneberges quand le goût principal est le canneberge.D'un autre côté, si je serais en prison, je voudrais de cette boisson!Stopped in this place for some poutine and some pre-dinner drinks during our quick trip to Montreal. It was a fun little bar. Julia, the bartender was very helpful and friendly. We had some good laughs with her. The poutine was great, though it was our first so I'm certainly not an expert. I'd definitely go back.We stopped in Les 3 Brasseurs today for lunch after passing it on Ste. Cat shopping this morning. We were both hungry and ready to be out of the cold for a few minutes, and Les 3 Brasseurs was a great spot.We both had a beer... I had the la blonde and Etienne had the la brune. Both were good (tasted like beer, yo). For lunch, I had the "La Spéciale Brasseur" pizza (onions, mushrooms, bacon and gruyere cheese) and Etienne had La choucroute 3 Brasseurs (Smoked sausage, frankfurter, grilled ham and potato with sauerkraut). Both were good. My pizza was tasty, but the crust was NOT as crunchy as it looked on the menu. The edges had a bit of crunch but the middle was super mushy. It had good flavor though. I loved my husband's smoked sausage. But I tend to LOVE sausage and beer together. I was wondering while we were sitting there in the restaurant... how many stars would I give this place? Compared to other Sainte Catherine Street eateries, it's about par with Reuben's, and that Italian restaurant (Angela & Vito's?)... other higher-end chains. Nice decor, decent food, cool atmosphere... It's not haute cuisine, but it's a fun place to go while you're shopping.Without access to a computer to access Yelp, I trusted the advice of the hotel and tried Les 3 Brasseurs for dinner and a couple of drinks.Although I did not try the beer, which looked exciting with mixes, I was just weary of not liking beer cocktails so i stuck with wine. I was excited to spot brie fondue, and was a little disappointed when it was more baked brie than brie fondue.  Perhaps I would have known better had they been kind enough to provide us Anglo diners with an English menu. Me and my dining partner also split a pepperoni pizza which was actually really good, it was very thin doughy crust, which I liked, and there was a nice hint of garlic in the cheese.I must say, I really liked the atmosphere and admired the microbrewery equipment. Service was also good and things came quickly and as requested despite a language barrier with our server.All in all it wsas a decent dining experience, just nothing to call home about.We went here for a happy hour with friends.  I had yummy mojitos and hubby tried several beers.  We also had some appetizers.  Everything was delicious, the waitress friendly and patient (since we want to split the bill 100 different ways). A nice place to hang out with friends and chat and drink :)Good beer, friendly waiters who are used to English speakers, and good food.  This was my second trip (though different location) to Les 3 Brasseurs.  Even though there are many nearby restaurants, I chose this restaurant for the fresh amber.  Outdoor seating is a plus.My friends and I kept calling this the 'Chilis of Montreal". Everywhere we turned, we found one of these places. We visited this locale twice since it was in walking distance of our hotel. First things first, the beer here...delicious. They brew it themselves and have a couple of flavors to choose from. Both times, I went with the Blanche, which has a hint of fruit in it and it was delicious. For the better bang for your buck, get the liter. It's massive and quite heavy, but worth it for less than $10! We also had various plates here for lunch one day. We tried their burgers, flat pizza, poutine and pasta. Everyone seemed quite satisfied and to top it off, we had great service when we were there both times.5 stars for the beer & drinks

Rooms with 2 beds come with a fridge

These thoughts are really minor however, considering the lovely meal we had at Novanta and the great service.I love this place. Anytime I'm craving quick/casual Italian this is where I go. The staff are extremely friendly and always willing to answer any questions about the menu. The pizza is delicious...I've tried a few different kinds and all have been tasty (i highly recommend trying the buffalo milk mozzarella). Also, the price is so reasonable....I mean I can't complain when date night costs less than $25.So, let's be clear - I hate working out.  I don't like to break a sweat.  I don't like to run, or row, or lift weights.  However, it has recently come to my attention that after having children and passing 30 that I just might not be able to eat whatever I want and stay skinny forever.  I might actually have to work for it.  Lame.Since OrangeTheory was opening up this brand spankin' new location right by my house, I figured that I would try it out.  While I can't exactly say that I "enjoyed" myself... I do think that they do a great job running the workouts.  Their trainers were upbeat and did a nice job adjusting my movements so I didn't hurt myself.  If you like gym-type workouts, but need the structure and push of a trainer to get you to the next level (or even just off the couch), definitely give them a go.Had a bit of a rough start with my first few sessions: overcrowded class, broken equipment. Now, over two months later I can say this is the best workout I've had without a personal trainer. Your really need to have some discipline to push yourself. (I need discipline to get out of bed!) The best part of the workout for me is the heart monitor stats being projected. I like to guess who's who. ;)For a year I was seeing advertisement for Orange Theory and then I finally decided to take a chance. The first month was hard but after the second month it got easier. I could run and I wasn't out of breath. The staff is great and I like that there are classes all hours of the day to fit your fitness needs.Ordered grilled chicken salad. It was pretty darn good and satisfying for a fast food taco joint. Not chincy on the cheese on top (which i was disappointed due to dieting, yet delicious) or the chicken inside. Chicken was not bone dry and inedible, pretty moist as fast food goes. Lettuce was leafy, green and fresh.What stood out to me was there was a young lady empolyee that had finished her shift that had noticed my my eyes wandering (people watching is a hobby of mine, dont pretend you dont as well) and asked if all was ok and if I needed more dressing. Well, in fact I was fine but thanked her and said no. Never have I seen an employee in a fast food place ask so politely AND on their own time, as she was obviously off the clock. So hey, all you America's Taco Shop head-honcho's, this girl is management material. Or at least a shining example of how all employees should treat all customers.I'll be back for sure.I did take the time to point it out to the head-honcho who was there at the time of my meal to ensure she was given props!We were there for our monthly Smunch.  Only about half the folks who said they were coming showed up.  Their bad.  Somehow the restaurant had started following Smunch on Twitter so they knew we were coming.  They didn't know all the adults there were also Yelpers.  I think the front of the house was over staffed for anything less than a full house, which it never came close to.Never having been to another America's location I had nothing to compare it too.  Two of our party are regulars at the 7th St and 7th Ave locations.  All of us liked the food and the service.  Fast casual is not a place I would normally tip but the service throughout was good enough all of us tipped on the way out.  I had the taco trio and a Cochata.  Very good stuff.  If you go in and start moving tables around for a group they will actually bring out larger chip bowls and a large serving of each of the 3 dips for the table to share rather than the small serving with one salsa that normally comes with an entree.  I am pretty sure we decided in order that the guacamole, then the spicier salsa then the mild salsa.  In fact the mild hardly got touched.So maybe it is only a 3-1/2 but it was so much better than the previous reviews had led us to believe that I rounded up instead of down this time.Honestly I didn't want to eat at the corporate version of the original Americas taco but it was just convenience at the time. I went in there expecting the worst and already have it one less star for it looking like the typical chain. To my surprise my breakfast I burrito used the same recipe as the original on 7th ave. the horchata... Not so much but I can't complain overall. I still will choose the 7th ave over all of them.I really love this spot.  It's one of my go-to places for lunch on the weekends.  The El Pastor (pork) burrito is fantastic.  I've always had great service here and the quality and freshness of the food is terrific.At times, when they are busy, the service can be a little on the slower side every now and then but overall I like this place a lot.Love the location on 7th st. I passed by it after 5pm and saw that it was closed so I went to this one instead. Ordered an XL bean and cheese burrito America's way! So good. Don't know why this spot only has a 2 star review.Mexican style tacos, Tortas, and other Mexican fare but inside a chain restaurant. I love that you can get horchata and the guacamole is better than most Mexican traditional restaurants and I can't complain about the tacos...better than average. Salsa is pretty bomb (amazing!)! Would go there again but wish it was cheaperI don't see why America's gets such a low average rating. Prices are within a dollar or two of a cookie cutter 'bertos where the food you receive is questionable at best.  But food here is fresh, tasty, and unique. Is it unbelievable or absurdly cheap? No, by its darn good. I got 4 tacos today for $2 each. Carne Asada is the best.I've stopped by two different locations now.  One off 7th st which is in an old run down house.  And his location which looks like a commercial cookie cutter version. So far I've only had the large breakfast burrito with carne Assad. Not sure why this location only has 2 stars but I've enjoyed the burrito with scratch tortillas and salsa. There has to be a reason. The burrito is pretty dang good and came out in less than 4min. I don't know about the other items yet but I'll def give them a shot soon.  Maybe it's the name? LolI don't know why this place only has 2 stars but I really enjoyed my tacos. I got the taco trio and it sure is tastey! It came with an al pastor taco, chicken and carne asada. It came with salsa and a verde sauce. They are the size of street tacos and is the perfect meal. They have one of those cool Coke machines that have different flavors of every Coke product. I came here on a taco Tuesday and it wasn't too busy, which was awesome, for my one hour lunch! I will definitely come back again.These Tacos Pack A PunchI am a self-proclaimed Mexican food junkie. However, I am spoiled.  Having lived  in the southwest, where we tend to, critique our Mexican Cuisine harshly at times. As for.me, I demand high-quality Mexican food, that is well-prepared, and well-seasoned, and America's Taco doesn't disappoint. I have eaten at America's Taco at least a dozen times at various locations and all locations served delicious food. America's Taco offers a small menu and an even smaller seating area however, the food is really good. America's Taco is a no frills establishment.  You place your order at the counter, take a seat, and your entrée is brought to your table. I have tried many of the menu items at America's Taco and have never been disappointed.  America's Taco Shop has some of the best Carne Asada I have found in the Phoenix Metro Area. However,  as delicious as the Carne Asada is, my favorite are the Tacos Al Pastor.  These tacos are just so savory. The Tacos Al Pastor are street style tacos, served on corn tortillas, with sweet and tangy pork, fresh cilantro, and pineapple, these tacos pack quite a punch. I enjoy the Taco Trio (a Chicken, Al Pastor, Carne Asada).If you find yourself in the area, you should stop by, you won't be disappointed.Really flavorful food here.Update:

Baked Salmon Roll - it was good but nothing special about it, loved that it didn't have so much rice nor cheese on top!Tofu Poke - so simple, yet sooo good! Fried tofu in their poke sauce with onions! (SOOO GOOD! Lol)

Peanut Sauté. When I mentioned that the edamame was way over cooked (inedible) the response was "That's too bad."  I do expect more action then sympathy at a restaurant when I indicate a problem. Sigh.If you're jonesing for some noodles, head to Noodles & Company. This business is basically what it sounds like: it's a chain that specializes in serving multiple styles of noodle-based dishes. It has everything from spaghetti to pesto to plain old buttered noodles with meatballs. It also serves a couple soups as well and it looks like they're expanding and may be offering more sandwiches soon, too.So yeah, if you like noodles and carbs, Noodles is the place to hit for a quick bite. It's not the fanciest food ever, but really, for what it is - a quick and relatively cheap lunch or dinner - it's just fine. Every time I've been here or any of its other locations, my friends and I have not been disappointed. The servers I've run into have always been nice and quick to correct any problems I've had with my meal.Personally, I think this location may be my favorite. Out of all of the locations for this chain I've visited, this one (downtown) is the best; it's the biggest and has the most seating, it felt the most welcoming, and I wonder if the menu and drink options are a bit more varied than the ones at smaller places. It's been a while since I visited the alternate locations so I won't say this is a definitive, but at the very least, the downtown location gives the sense that it has more options, and that's a positive whether it's a feeling or a fact.It does seem to have its off-days given the state of the other reviews, but hopefully you can catch the place on a good day!Went here for lunch with some people I work with.  They do a really good job with putting the menu not just behind the registers, but also right after you walk in o you can decide what you want while you are in line.They have one of those Coke machines that let you customize your drink, but a lot of the flavors were not working when I was there.There is a lot of seating which is nice since this location is in an area that gets really crowded at lunch time.The food itself was not bad.  I had Indonesian Peanut Sauté with chicken.  It came with a fresh lime, I thought that was a nice touch.Crazy busy at lunch time!!!

- The 'security gates' don't do much. Almost every time I used my gate opener to get into the complex at night, another car (sometimes two) followed me in. You have no idea if the people coming in after you are actually residents. I even saw cars enter via the 'exit only' gate, meaning they drove the wrong way down a one-way, when other people left. If someone really wanted to enter without being a resident, they could, and they could easily. Supposedly there was a home intrusion in late December here and a resident shot someone. I felt safe here but the gate provided very little security. Like any house or apartment, you need to be aware of your surroundings and be vigilant. Ultimately, I think most of the cons are things I could have lived with long term. The random water shut off was my only real complaint. I lived here for too short of a period to use the gym or pool so I can't offer any feedback on those.Located inside of Legend Cleaners is Kathy's Alteration's, this review is for her as I have never had my clothes laundered here.I took a bride's maid dress, a cocktail dress and a few pair of pants to Kathy last week. I was immediately impressed that she had been in business for 27+ years and she knew exactly what she was doing.She really went above and beyond when I asked her if there was any way she could fix the cocktail dress for me that day. Same day repairs are hard to do, but she was able to wave her magic wand and I picked the dress up later that day.She did an excellent job with the bride's maid dress and both pairs of jeans. She works fast, knows her stuff and is very reasonably priced.My only complaint is that she wanted to be paid in cash or check, they really should tell you that when you make the appointment.. Who still carries checks?Excellent pizza; decent wines (esp. the Cecchi Chianti); great salads (Ceasar and Caprese are excellent).  Nice, friendly wait staff.  The dining room is nice, a bit bare and the bar is small but the pizza and salads keep us coming back.I've been going to Florencia for a few years now....and overall I really like it.  I'm from the east coast so I find it difficult to find really good pizza here.  I think the quality is great....and the atmosphere is pretty cool too.  The owner, not sure who it is, staff's it with mostly local high school kids, which I find great.  He or she is helping employ locals.Overall, I like this one a lot!!!!Now this is good pizza! My fiancé's dad and wife discovered this little place in the foothills. We walked in and everyone knew them, and I swear everyone who walked through the door after us knew them too. We had a spinach salad, which was sooo yummy, fresh mozzarella, really good dressing and pieces of bacon, yea bacon! Then we had some pizza, and I've been craving more since. There is a pizza I want to try next time we go, it was like chicken and raspberry chipotle. Sounds interesting, I bet it's awesome.I have never actually eaten in the restaurant - just take out.I LOVE the caprese salad, the plentiful antipasto salad, and the Mykanos pizza. The pesto pizzas are delish as well. This is perfect thin crust pizza - not that doughy pizza. Such yummy food. Highly recommend this place!One note on take out: They tend to say "20 minutes", which really means 30-40 minutes. But who cares when the food is so good!Met up with a couple friends for a double date at this Ahwatukee pizza place. They frequent this joint fairly often, so I knew it had to be good. We ordered the caprese salad, and a made-to-order pizza. Both were delicious and worth eating again. The wait staff were very friendly and we actually sat and had a drink with one of the managers before we left at the end of the night. The only thing that prevented me from giving this place 5 stars was the price- a little more than I would generally feel comfortable paying for a pizza. But, it was so good that I'd go back.With as many good pizzas as there are in Phoenix you would think that we share a border with the wrong country.  Florencia is another great example of the good pies that are adorning our eateries.  While not quite in the same league as Bianco, LGO, or Humble Pie they still make the trip to Ahwatukee worth it. The crust is light and very tasty.  It holds up very well against the big boys with their coal or wood fired ovens.  The margherita is simple and allows the crust to shine.  My only complaint would be that the sauce can really make the end of the piece very soggy.  We've tried several combination's and they all pass muster.

That was 2009.Four years and one great recession later, BAMC is still in business. Kudos to BAMC for surviving the great recession. As it relates to my former banker, I hope she's now homeless and no longer has access to feminine hygiene products, or even soap and water for that matter.And, vinegar too.A fitting salute for that stinky lending-whore.We tried this place for the first time on Monday night.  DELICIOUS!  I had the Tres Enchiladas and one of their margaritas.  The server was very sweet and the food came out in a timely manner.  The only downfall is that on the Kids Eat Free app, this place is listed as a Monday night choice.  They do NOT offer kids eat free.  The server was apologetic and explained that they are taking that off their website.  They had a great happy hour and I can't wait to go back.  There were about five other dishes I wanted to try..Let's keep it simple. Good food, good prices, and The Agave Margarita (5 stars on the rocks thank you!) with fresh lime juice, tequila and a splash of something else I can't remember. Good experience, friendly service, tolerant of my 3 year old.That sums it up.We found this joint thanks to Groupon last year.  Since that first visit, we've been here a couple more times.  It's in a shopping center just off Mayo & Scottsdale Rd....for some reason, this shopping center doesn't do very well, places close down frequently.  We're happy that this hasn't. Here are some items we've had here:Mexican Bean Dip, $4.99Spinach Con Queso, $5.99 Nachos, $8.99

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rosatis-pizza-scottsdale-3?select=4pbanx3TwID22I8rZ8-b8A#4pbanx3TwID22I8rZ8-b8A

* The bathrooms are up stairs. A real bummer when your all cocktailed up and have to navigate carpeted stairs. There is an elevator, but you kind of feel odd waiting for an elevator to go up one floor.The Pro's:* Staff is always top notch, from the hostess, to the bus guys, all are great and seem to have been trained very well. Anyone can help you with anything. Never do you hear "I will tell your waiter". They just get things done and do it well.* Food I always top notch. Never had a better steak on the strip. * Great vibe and crowd. Upscale and nice looking crowd. No torn jeans and camo here. It's nice seeing folks get cleaned up and dressed for dinner.I will keep this review short as I have already reviewed them several times and don't want to repeat comments. If you have not tried this place, you should. Top notch for sure.this was my first time trying mastro's and I'm glad it was in vegas.  and let me tell you, everything here was expensive.  I probably won't be coming back but I'm glad I finally got to try it.lobster mashed potatoes - it was actually pretty good!  the lobster taste and the mashed potatoes really mixed in well together.  I've heard that this dish wasn't as good in the costa mesa onebone-in-filet - very tender and very good!bone-in-kc strip - i loved iti loved everything that was bone in.  I didn't get to try the bone-in-ribeye because it was too bigwe also got a side of asparagus which is like $10 (not worth it).  although it was good, it tasted like I can cook this at home for so much cheaper, and it would taste the same.  nothing special at allWe've been to the maestros in Newport beach and Beverly hills a few times each. They are both better than the one next to aria that we ate at tonight. The bread was delicious, the crab appetizer was also fantastic. We got the escargot and it was actually terrible. It wasn't hot and the snails didn't taste good at all. I was very disappointed, because usually its one of my favorite things to order at other fine dining restaurants. My husband ordered lamb chops and they were very good. I got the prawn special. Each prawn was 8oz. Don't order this dish. Prawns aren't suppose to be that big. They tasted like bottom feeders. Our friends got the filet and the tuna, both were very good. Service was good.  Dessert was good. They brought us the butter cake for our anniversary. It was delicious. Overall it was good and management was great!!!!As soon as I walked in the adorable blonde at the front desk was so sweet and welcoming. I sat at the bar to wait for the rest of my girls to arrive. While there my bartender ( Randy I believe his name was) was so nice and made my time sitting alone and waiting much more enjoyable. Our server Trista was awesome. She talked to us like friend not some table she was waiting on. She was very knowledgable and playful. Just a complete delight. The food is a little pricy but for the amount of food,great service and beautiful atmosphere you get it was worth it. I'm obsessed with the cran gnocchi ! It was one of our girls birthdays and she sent out the butter cake. Very sweet of her and yummmmmmm!The place is really cool.  Although it opens up to an enclosed high end retail, they do an excellent job of making the place very interesting. We did that surf and turf for 2 and it was delicious!Service: 5/5 (From beginning of planning the event to attending the event)

6. Group text of Hotel address and room number...Check Tickets in hand, we took to the club!  What an experience.  The music was amazing, the vibe was all energy and the scene was...EPIC!!!  Plenty of bars, the drinks were standard Vegas pricing...way too much for not much drink...the dance floor was small but the club is sooooo big when you include the pool area and the music is all around so you can party just about anywhere you want!!  The only bad part of my experience was my fault...I broke a cardinal rule and allowed the ladies to do the group bathroom thing which left my hommie and I outside alone...they decided to stay in the club and as expected...when we tried to get in, the bouncer looked at the two of us and said...sorry, capacity crowd...then proceeded to let a group of 5 lone ladies in as he pushed us aside....errrrr!!!  Never split up the group!!  The ladies came out to continue partying in the pool area so we continued to have a great time!!Love the music, and the vibe!My favorite nightclub in Las Vegas, thus far!Why?1. No line.  Like I'm talkin' zero wait time EVEN DURING Memorial Day Weekend 2013.  There was a fast-moving line just to get your ID's checked and get your hand stamped, but other than that, very smooth sailing.  This is a DREAM in contrast to pretty much all other nightclubs during MDW2013.2. Venue is HUGE.  Or maybe the layout just seems huge?  There's a gigantic pool with bottle service tables surrounding it, upstairs tables that overlook the pool area, a bar outside, a bar inside, dance floor, (some) lasers/lights, and beautiful men/women errwhere.  There were even some (very few) places for us ladies to sit and rest our feet.  I'm not sure if we were allowed to sit in these places, so I won't be naming them on here for now.3. Dress code.  More casual than normal Las Vegas attire, which is awesome for girls tired of tight dresses and sky-high stilettos.  We came here on our last night in Vegas, so we were definitely ready to get comfortable and party up!4. Drinks.  The bar actually wasn't as crowded as other places we went to during MDW2013, and the pours were heavy.  5. Clean bathrooms and private stalls.  I'm talkin' about stalls that actually have walls that go up to nearly the roof, and a real door with a handle and a lock.  I love how I can't hear everything going on in the stall next to me, and that they make the stalls look more homey, which makes me more comfortable being in it!6. Variety.  There seemed to be a large variety of people.  Older and younger, dressy and more casual, in groups and in pairs, girls and guys, and in every race you can think of.7. Guest DJ.  As one of the more popular venues in Vegas, they bring in the popular DJs.  For instance, we came to XS specifically to see David Guetta, one of my faves!One interesting rule is you cannot bring any drinks (even in water bottles or anything) anywhere near the line.  I was trying to finish some stuff we were pregaming and the guy at the entrance to the line said I had to be walking in order to drink.  So....I paced up and down the hallway until I was done.  I really didn't think that was necessary since I was still in plain sight to everyone entering the club.The view from above: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xs-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=dxl73BrAqECoRSscEBNT8A#dxl73BrAqECoRSscEBNT8ADance floor inside: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xs-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=IibFs9UiOZ9Z4vPbSIzD3g#IibFs9UiOZ9Z4vPbSIzD3gNearly everyone in our party agreed that XS was their favorite, and everyone had a blast here!  Definitely will be coming back on my next trip to Vegas!!good looking nightclub with good looking people. I really like pool side area, which is important to me cause i'm there more than half the time since the inside always gets too crowded and stuffy.Would definitely come here again!  Had a great time!! Half the club is indoors and the other half is outside with a pool.  You can either dress up or come in a bathing suit which is cool.  I had on some shorts and stilettos and fit in perfect!  DJ was mixing nice and I'm not some house junkie but I liked how he threw in a lil hip hop every now and then.  Ended up chilling in a cabana with a nice group of peeps.  The cabana was gorgeous!  Plenty of room and intimate yet still close enough to the music and people that you could mingle.  Self park for $8!! I'm not being cheap but it wasn't a far walk at all.  The line for valet ended in Narnia or Middle Earth...just saying...XS was a beautiful nightclub that had lots of areas to explore, a relatively fun crowd and (although it took some time) a great DJ.  Your mileage may vary as in any club but it definitely was one of the better clubs in Vegas that I really enjoyed.  In terms of costs, guys (unless you're getting a table) should expect to have to get tickets online or brave the lines - expect paying around $30 or more (we paid $50).  Girls should expect to get in either for free or much cheaper depending on your promoter/method of entry.  The line was a breeze though as long as you get there around 9:30-10:00 PM.  The venue is pretty awesome.  The main dance floor has a cool spinning chandelier on top along with two go-go dancers on the sides and a not-too small main dance floor.  There are a few bars on the side as well along with an entire outdoor section to explore right behind the dance floor (to get to these sections though requires traversing the edges).  The outside is also gorgeous with several pool areas, bars and a gambling section at the very back that doesn't interfere with the main club section along with it's own go-go dancer.  Drinks were pretty normal fare for a club, nothing special about the taste/price.  The DJ set was kind of strange before the main act, Avicii and a lot of my party did not enjoy it.  Avicii himself was awesome and put on a great show (and even from the outside, it was pretty sweet).  However, be warned, again like in most packed clubs, getting on/off the dance floor is a pain and felt at times worse than Marquee in which traffic control was chaos.  Stick to a location and bring lots of drinks or have a table if you have the money.  Again, XS was a great-looking club that unfortunately on our night had a ho-hum DJ before Avicii and some crowd control issues within the dance floor itself.  Definitely do want to come back and see more including the night swim!From what I remember lol this club was very nice but the night I went it was very packed but it's Vegas what big nightclub isn't. The music and crowd here are great.Located at the Encore and Wynn hotels (pretty much in the tunnel that connects them), XS is a swanky, sexy, classy club that's one of the better clubs in Vegas.  It's a huge venue with a pool and gaming area on the other side of the DJ booth, as well as bars lined up around the sides.  They even have cabana tables IN the pool!  The sound system and lights aren't as great as other clubs, but whatever they have now definitely does the job!If you're on a guestlist, you should arrive around 9:45/10PM for guaranteed admission.  On the other hand, if you have a table (or know someone with one), you have comped admission until 12:30/1.  I've thankfully had a table here each time and every time was awesome!  The cocktail servers are accommodating and friendly, and they're quick to mix you up a drink.  (Tip: If you're getting a table, getting one inside is better than outside!)They typically have a great DJ lineup and the overall atmosphere and vibe of the entire club is always fun!  I've never heard anybody have a bad time at XS so if you're in Vegas -- it's worth checking out!We bought pre-sale tickets for Afrojack. Tickets for guys was $30 and gals it was $20. Venue is pretty cool, inside you could see the dj and the dance floor, lights. Lots of places to sit and stand around. It gets crowded but you could go outside and enjoy fresh air, dip your feet in the water as well. Drinks are expensive as to be expected, but really a fun atmosphere and vibe. Lights not as good as Hakkasan, but more room to move around and it was interesting people watching. We had a great time.This place was the jump off. It was one of the better clubs that I have been to.I really liked that it had an outside area by the pool. The inside was not that large, but with the outside space was plentiful.The negatives start with the entrances. We had prepay tickets which made things go fast once we found the entrance. But we had to swing all of the way around to the back of this big club, and signage was not that great.Once in, you can expect to pay a hefty price for drinks, but that's how it is at any of the top clubs in Vegas.will.i.am was the DJ for the night. A couple of big bouncers blocked the path to the center of the floor. At first, I was not sure if this was temporary or not. So, I asked one of the guys. It was not a huge deal to me, I just wanted to know. His answer, "I'm not really supposed to do this, but if you take care of me, I will take care of you." Not the answer I cared to know, and it seemed he had a plan. Sketchy.But a couple of quirks aside, this is a good joint to party at.I would've given it 5 stars because I did have a lot of fun! However, the boys I were with were dying! It's hot enough as it is in Vegas, they definitely need to add some fans in the outside areas. Drinks are pricy, but that's the same anywhere in Vegas. Other than the heat situation, the ambiance was great! Music was great, no other complaints here.I finally made it out to XS on my most recent trip to Vegas! I went on a Saturday and Diplo was the headliner. I bought my ticket presale and printed it out. I arrived at around 10:30pm and found out that they were letting people in very slowly since they blamed it on the rain. We ended up standing in line for over 2 hours! It was ridiculous! **The security here was very chill with me though. After waiting in line for so long a couple of my friends had to go to the bathroom. The security guy said it was okay, but after they left I asked the guy if he could do me a favor and prank my friends. So when my friends came back they were about to jump the rope and the security guy went up to them and said "The f***?! We don't do that here. Get to the back of the line." My friends faces were hilarious! It made it even more funny since it was the same guy that said it was okay if they leave the line. I couldn't keep a straight face at all. That guy was definitely chill! Anyway, we eventually made it in. It was a good time being with good friends and making new ones. Diplo was great as always. EXPRESS YOURSELF!!!! I'll definitely be back, but next time I'm going straight to my promoter since he said he can get us in without waiting as long as we buy our ticket from him!XS is the best nightclub in Vegas.

-Great flavors with the salmon filling. Salmon was also cooked perfectly.

The Pizza was well balanced and the toppings were extremely fresh.  The crust was fine, but nothing super.  Yes, it was better than CPK pizza, but still not the best that I've had (in OC or Phx).  But perhaps that was the down fall.

We ordered a bottle of a full bodied dry cab which blew my mind. Paired with the meats it really pulled everything together. We also ordered a delicious bottle of pinot gris for paring with the seafood. Solid wine list. You'll be happy if you're a wino here.I must admit that at first we were a bit hesitant in giving this place a try. There haven't been too many reviews yet for this restaurant, which made us a little uneasy about choosing this place. All we knew is that we wanted to try a restaurant in the Cosmopolitan and both the vibe & menu of STK got our attention. We checked out the Chandelier Bar & managed to lose some money on the tables before heading over for our 8:00 reservation. My first impression of this place was that it was a bit smaller than I expected, and other reviewers are right in saying the music is bumping. We sat at the bar for about 10 mins. before being seated. Although I would have rather sat back further in the actual dining area we were seated in another dining section right off the bar...I guess it made for some good people watching at the bar (like guys with lucky poker pants...see pics)! Also, I thought it might be a little hard at first to hold a conversation over the music but to my surprise it wasn't at all...but maybe that's because the more I drink the louder I naturally get, and so goes for my spouse and probably just about everyone else out there, haha ; ) The bread is amazing, so amazing I took one bite and just stopped so I wouldn't get full off of just bread.  For starters, we had their foie gras french toast and beef tartare. Both were exceptional....the foie gras french toast had a very interesting flavor while being sweet at the same time and the beef tartare was actually the best I have tasted. I have only ever tried like 3 in my life, but it just surprised me how fresh, light, and tasty this one was! I ordered a filet, which was a bit over cooked for medium but I didn't want to send it back and just enjoyed what I could of it. My husband's ribeye was cooked a perfect rare and he just about ate the whole thing! On the side, we enjoyed maple glazed carrots and sweet corn pudding. The sweet corn pudding tasted like a dessert to me, almost not like a side at all. We passed on actual dessert and just enjoyed our wine. Our server was great! Usually, when we go to restaurants we are often attended to by a team of servers. And, sometimes it's even hard to figure out who the head-server is, but at STK our server stayed with us the whole time, which we enjoyed. One thing I wanted to note was that the music was definitely bumping and other reviewers are correct in saying if you are looking for a quiet, romantic dinner for two...this isn't the place for you. If you are looking for an upbeat space with some great service & food then you STK might be just what you are looking for.As a loyal fan of STK in West Hollywood, I was a bit skeptical to venture away and try STK Vegas in The Cosmopolitan Hotel, but my friends at VegasGoodBuys.com recommended I try it on a recent vacation. Pumping with club beats and complete with a boozed up bachelorette crew, the scene was definitively Vegas. I was brought back to home when the fresh skillet of bread with side of chive olive oil arrived. I kept it simple and ordered the hamachi, the pear salad with endive, and beef tartare with black truffles to start. Delivered, as usual. I finished it up with the organic chicken breast and a side of asparagus. Skipping the dessert was hard to do, but satisfaction has to end somewhere! I highly recommend STK in Vegas, and a big thank you to VegasGoodBuys.com for always leading me in the right direction for anything Vegas!The porterhouse steak was just average but its topping and the side that made it! We had some kind of topping that wasnt on the menu...it was a asparagus lobster topping but it made that steak! The mushroom pot pie is an absolute must order!!Our waiter made all of his suggestions and made our dinner all the more delicious.The restaurant is a little too loud for a Las Vegas steakhouseFood, service, atmosphere... Everything was perfect... except for the volume of the music. It's a really cool atmosphere. I promise that it won't hurt the vibe to turn it down just a little. Seriously...My first experience with STK was at the NYC location, and I was hardly surprised when they decided to bring an STK to my current digs in Los Angeles -- a city that has its fair share of trendy restaurants that lack culinary inspiration. Suffices to say I was less than shocked when I heard the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas would also feature an STK restaurant. My experiences at all three locations have been markedly different. The NYC location boasted good food and a classy atmosphere in the Meatpacking District (an area which wasn't hurting for culinary hot-spots at the time) and was able to deliver consistently, even in its nascent stages (I moved out of NYC shortly after it opened so I wasn't able to see how the restaurant fared in the later stages of its existence). While the steaks left something to be desired, the restaurant was trendy and the overall experience was fun. I'll unabashedly add that, hands down, the best steaks still come from Texas. When the Los Angeles restaurant opened, I was happy to see that same ambiance maintained, but unfortunately, the food was inconsistent at best (definitely nothing to write home about) and it's "trendiness" quickly declined within its first year. STK LA's biggest redeeming quality was (and still is) its proximity to other LA nightlife hotspots, and the location is enough to get me there with a group of friends for some cocktails and light appetizers to kick the night off. Fast forward to 2011 and the latest trendy hotel in Vegas, the Cosmopolitan, now boasts its very own STK. A group of us made up of my closest friends from Texas, New York and California were staying at the hotel for the weekend to celebrate my birthday, so we decided to check out STK. I tried making a resie through the hotel but, annoyingly, the restaurant handles its own reservations and my call was promptly directed to their hostess. Getting a reservation was easy enough -- I called 4 days in advance of our arrival -- and we figured 9:30pm would be a good time to eat before an insanely late night of dancing. Our group of 4 arrived on time and the hostess informed us that the wait would be half an hour...with a reservation. Disgruntled, but determined not to let the unfortunate news spoil our mood, we proceeded to the bar to have some very expensive, very plain drinks -- if you are price-sensitive and like to imbibe, then this is not the restaurant for you. 45 minutes later, we were seated and STARVING. This is when things got exponentially better. Our servers were incredibly fun, enthusiastic and attentive. Throughout the entire meal, our waitress helped us by making great recommendations, taking photos of us to help commemorate the trip, and showering us with an endless supply of complimentary birthday shots as well as a celebratory dessert plate, replete with delectable bite-sized cake and ice-cream lollipops. Crisis averted. Be sure to request Raquel M. as your server -- Raquel and her fellow cohorts will make sure you have a blast. The restaurant manager even let us explore the kitchen, meet the chef, observe the plating ritual and peruse all the fresh ingredients. The kitchen was very clean and well managed and the staff was very friendly. The giant seafood platter we ordered was thoroughly enjoyed by everyone but me (I'm picky, obvi) --  the king crab was a little soggy for my taste and the oysters left me underwhelmed -- and the steaks were actually better than the ones I had at the NYC and LA locations. I ordered the ribeye medium rare and the cut and flavor were excellent. Still not on par with Texas steaks, but as far as the STK chain goes, I really enjoyed my meal.Net/net, while the steaks at STK restaurants are not my favorite, the ambiance is usually pretty fun and the staff at the Las Vegas location absolutely made this experience worthwhile. If you are staying at the Cosmopolitan and/or looking for a fun/trendy place to eat before you head to Marquee, this is the place to go.LOVE this place. LOVE it! Came here for a Bachelorette Party dinner for my bestie and I made my reservations as soon as I found out we where going to Vegas. I was just at the Cosmo a few months back and wanted to have the girls have dinner here and enjoy the lounge and atmosphere of STK and the Cosmopolitian. Because I'm a planning nazi, I downloaded the menu and picked out what I was going to get 2 months ahead of time (I'm a little picky). I quickly saw that it was a pricey place, but I checked they YELP reviews and decided it was worth the try.We arrived on time for our reservations and we were asked to wait in the "lounge" which was a couple of tables beside the bar that was already taken by other parities that were waiting. We stood around for a brief minute and was ushered to our table on the second level of the restaurant. First thing I have to say is how beautiful this place was. It was hip, artsy, dark colors complimented by white, all that frou frou Cosmo/Vegas stuff.We met our server, Isaac, who was SOOOO GREAT, which is a relief because I was a little worried that since it was so busy that the staff would be subpar on the service front. But Isaac totally showed us that he is excellent at what he does, and my girlfriends loved him! THe food was fantastic, I got the Shrimp Rice Crispies, a few people got steak or tartare. The sides were good too, esp the Lobster Macaroni! YUM! Again, it is a bit pricey but you are paying for the service, food, ambience, and location.If you are visiting the Cosmopolitian with friends, on a date, etc, I would highly recommend going to the Vesper or Chandelier Lounge before dinner and have a drink! Take the time to enjoy the super beautiful hotel! Then have a great dinner at STK!The food and service at STK are impeccable. The clientele was a bit dodgy for such an upscale restaurant/bar but overall the vibe was good. The music was a bit loud and made casual conversation with my party near impossible although the mix of music was excellent. Considering I'm a bit anti-social this actually suited me fine. The bathroom situation is a bit rough - there are only two restrooms (men/women) and each is set-up for one person to use at a time. Needless to say, there was quite a line and it didn't help that women kept walking into the mens room. Overall my visit was good but considering I dropped over $500 for a party of four it could have been better, quieter and taking a leak shouldn't have required so much effort.Had dinner here Friday night with a group of 7 friends.  We had a 9:45pm reservation and had to wait 45 minutes to be seated.  The vibe was super cool, lots of eye candy, the filet cooked perfectly, service great.  Love the Cosmopolitan Hotel, class. End of story.This is the place to go to if you're looking for a steakhouse that isn't stuffy, conservative, or quiet. Other places around town try to pull off the same "cool kid" vibe but, unlike those spots, STK has some great food. I've heard from others how loud it can get, but we dined on a Tuesday night and, while it was busy, the music was at a decent volume -- low enough that we didn't have to yell at each other to have a conversation. I was hoping to sit in the main dining area where they have nothing but booths, but we were seated in front of the bar in a loungey-type area with mostly 2- and 4-tops.The bleu butter bread that they start you out with was warm, fresh, and delicious. The half-dozen Kusshi oysters ($18) we had next were mild, meaty, and excellent. The pea agnolotti ($15) had an overpowering pea taste and, unfortunately, not enough of the goat cheese or pistachios that accompanied it. The final appetizer we had was their tuna tartare ($19). Sure, it's a common dish found in almost every restaurant these days, but their version is very good. Fresh chunks of tuna were sitting in a corn tuille, which added a bit of sweetness to the dish and a crunchy texture. The avocado cream under the tuille had cayenne pepper (I think?) that added a kick.My wife has been eating less and less lately, so we split the 14 oz. bone-in filet ($52). Wow! You had me at "bone-in"... drool-worthy, nom-worthy... hell, it's even sponge-worthy. One of the most tender and amazing filets I've had. We got the blue butter sauce with it, but really there was no need to put anything else on the steak.We got a side of haricot vert ($10) -- or green beans as ordinary folk like me call it -- that was tasty and firm. Not the slightest bit overcooked or soggy. The portions are large, so plan on sharing among three or four.Service was a bit spotty. Our waiter was nice enough, but he had at least six tables and was constantly running around. Meaning we didn't see him often. We sat around for almost half an hour before ordering our food. A little help for the wait staff might not be a bad idea.For all you Top Chef fans, Stephen Hopcraft (formerly of Michael Mina's Seablue) is the executive chef. But, whether you're a fan of the show or not, the bone-in filet is reason enough to stop by.4.5 StarsI couldn't place a reservation on Open Table for some reason so I called the restaurant directly.  When we got there, it took a little bit for one of the 5 hostesses to recognize that we were there, they were a little bit snobby.  The other downer was that I wanted to bring a cake for our 5 year wedding anniversary but when I called to check, they said they did not allow outside cakes because it was against food code.  Ok fine.  Then they offered to have their pastry chef recreate it but they wanted an arm and a leg for a tiny cake.  This is why I give them 4 stars instead of 5.  Our server on the other hand was wonderful!  She had great recommendations and was really friendly.  We went with the beef tartare, hamachi, foie gras french toast, bone-in rib steak and the sweet corn pudding.  Everything was perfect and delicious except that the sweet corn pudding was a little too sweet for my taste.  I would go back to STK, the food was great!Monday nights are industry night, 25% off for locals, you gotta love that. 8 different dipping sauces accompany any steak choice. Great people watching, dj rocked the house! Request Donnie he's a good ole' boy.Pear and endive salad- YUM.  I would order that for take out next time and just eat it in the room.  It's chilled and fresh and a little creamy.  YUM.I had a wonderful time here.  But then again, it was a bit of a drunken haze... But from what I can remember, the hostesses were friendly, the waiter was cool (he was from Hawaii too), the food was delish, the other patrons were uber friendly (neighboring table shared their bottle of Opus One with us!), and it was really just the kind of dining experience I would expect in Vegas.  I'd go back in a heartbeat!It was a little difficult to get a reservation here but I figured that since it was, it may be a great restaurant!  I selected this restaurant because I'm always reading about it on Twitter or Us Mag, etc., and maybe I would get lucky and see a celebrity.  LOL.  Anyhow, we had an early reservation before our Vegas show.  When we got to the Cosmopolitan hotel, we had to go up 3 levels on escalators to get there.  I just felt that the restaurant was part of a mall... not the hotel.  It was kind of awkward seeing all the other restaurants on the same floor, like a Food Court!  We were seated right away and served the baked bread with blue cheese butter and chive oil.  I wasn't a fan but it was okay.  I think its more of an acquired taste.  Our waiter was very nice and gave good recommendations.  We ordered the caesar salad (it's standard for us), which was good.  I had the Filet Medallions and my husband ordered the Skirt Steak with a side of Mac and Cheese (good) and the Mushroom Pot Pie (excellent)!  The dinner was okay, not to die for or anything.  By this time the restaurant was definitely filling up with parties, bachelorette parties, etc., so it was fun to people watch. It was a cool restaurant but I wouldn't rave about the food, its more about the ambiance IMO.Excellent food and atmosphere.  Seated on-time and our waiter was very attentive. Had Pear & Endive Salad and Sole. Only complaint is one bathroom for men and one for women. First time ever saw a line for mens room!CAme here after the Magic show and I thoroughly enjoyed myself! It felt more like a bar than a restaurant with music blasting but I didn't mind because hey... its freaken Vegas! We had the pear endive salad, beef tartare, bone in filet, and a few sides that I cant really recall. I'm not usually a big meat person but the bone in filet was melt in your mouth goodness!!! The pinot noir (forget the name) was excellent and the service was top notch. My water was never empty and the busboys came around often to check up on us. I was very happy with the service as I never had to call over the waiter for anything (def adds a star). Even though I had steak the night before and wasn't too excited about STK the following day, it definitely blew the previous night's dinner away. I would recomment if you are taking in easy and aren't planning to party after. Trust me.... you will get food coma and since it's trendy and lively, you won't feel like such a loser going to sleep before 12 :)First, I want to say that this restaurant has the most beautiful hostesses and waitresses working in Las Vegas. It felt like you were on the set of Entourage or something. Pretty dope. first, came the bread. i thought the complimentary loaf of parmesan glazed bread was pretty good. i liked the pesto olive oil dipping sauce it came with. good starter i suppose.   3-stars for the ribeye. While the first couple of bites were juicy and delicious, the steak got dry over time and the salt was a bit overbearing. I'm guessing they served the steak to me without adequate rest and oversalted the meat a bit.5-stars for the mac n cheese and yukon gold potato puree side dishes. i thoroughly enjoyed these side dishes. of all the steak places i've eaten, it is nearly on par with Craftsteak's side dishes. overall it was a good dining experience.I had a pretty stellar experience here. The decor is sleek, beautiful and modern. It's nice and intimate feeling, but with loud rockin' music. An in house dj even--if you're there late enough!My medium mignon was tender as can be and hit the spot perfectly. I had it with their blue cheese sauce and savored every ounce of it. I had the parmesan fries as a side. They were good, strange plating though. It's like fry jenga. The staff is awesome and friendly. Tip--go to the side bar for a stiff drink to kick off the night. ;)Not as good as 'real' STK locations (since I don't consider anything in Vegas to be real), but definitely a serviceable steakhouse if you're willing to drop some cash.Word of warning, the garlic-parm fries are amazing but loaded beyond belief with nearly whole cloves of the stuff. If you're a lesser man who's planning to go out after your meal, you might have some difficulties.STK isn't for everyone. It's hip, chic, expensive, and loud.The food is very, very good. Interesting menu choices, prepared with care.  And the service matches the expertise in the kitchen - knowledgeable, attentive, and professional.I ordered steak with the bleu butter. Yum-my. And my heirloom tomato salad that preceded it was fresh and delicious. Our table of four split two desserts. Each were excellent.I struggled with the wine list though, in that wines that I normally bypass as "not good enough" cost more per glass than I would normally pay for a bottle. I had a hard time justifying the expense of most of them, eventually settling on a $80 Malbec, which may have been the least expensive of the lot.The dj and his music selections help keep STK moving. He's responsible for a lot of the ambiance of the place but the loud music did make dinner conversation tough.If STK isn't in your budget for dinner, consider it for a drink or dessert. It's a neat place, worth experiencing.Delicious food. Filet cooked to perfection, difficult to do when you order rare. Their oysters are so good we had a second order for dessert! Service was great and very helpful. It can get loud, but is a fun atmosphere.went for Magnum Mondays which is a version of the Goddess Dinners at TAO and LAVO. super chic place. Have always wanted to try it ever since I heard of it's LA location. Went with a group of total of 5 girls. They brought a magnum bottle of Moet for the table, we were VERY happy girls. Had the organic chicken for dinner but I wish I would've gotten the tuna. Only thing I didn't like about the restaurant was the music was SO loud, especially for a dinner. It was almost as loud as a nightclub. Good music but we had to scream to each other to be able to hear what we were sayingEverything was great here....EXCEPT THE STEAK!! I ordered a 10 oz filet mignon medium rare with truffle butter and it was overcooked. It seemed more like a medium to medium well. Since this is a steak house, I had to take off points for overcooking the steak. I had the garden salad and our table shared broccolini, spiced maple carrots, and the lobster mac and cheese. Delicious. The service was great. The ambiance and music was fantastic. But seriously?? If I'm paying that much for a steak, grill it the way I want it.Went here for the final night of our Vegas trip. Had a great meal, much better than 35 Steak + Martini's. Beautifully designed space but the music was deafening. Had the skirt steak & mac and cheese. Friends had the short ribs, lamb chops, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes and filet. They all loved their meals. Prices are not for the faint of heart. Definitely a place you should give a try.For starters, understand that if you want quality food and service, you must pay the price. It isn't cheap, but our experience was well worth it. My girl and me were contemplating where to find a great steak in Vegas for our vacation and found this spot. Very trendy place with a simple, but eye-popping menu.Recommend: Seafood Platter Appetizer. Jumbo Shrimp, crab legs, and lobster tail. Really good. Also, Filet steak(med/rare) with foie gras. Stay away from: Lobster Mac-n-cheese. Taste like plain mac-cheese with frozen pieces of lobster mixed in there. Good, but not worth the $30 price tag. If you are a late diner, they have a DJ so the restaurant is loud. We went during opening dinner hours, around 6:30pm, so we didn't have to battle the noise. BUT, ITS VEGAS, SO PARTY UP!If you're in California, your foie gras eating days are numbered. It seems that my home state will outlaw the selling of the delicacy in a few weeks. Anyhow, with that in mind, read on...While visiting over this past Labor Day weekend, a few friends and I decided to give STK a try.Stymied in deciding what to eat for dinner one day, we went online and found out it was actually Restaurant Week in Las Vegas the weekend we were there.After going through the list of participating restaurants, one of my friends indicated that he always wanted to try STK and that he only heard good things about it.We then made a reservation for four and actually planned the rest of our day in getting there on time.We were split during the good part of the day, but as the reservation time approached, we started arriving at the Cosmopolitan to go upstairs to the restaurant.The service was very professional and it was good to see waiters who can joke around, make good recommendations and still be attentive.The funny thing was that I asked the hostess for a Restaurant Week menu all around, but after glancing at the actual dinner menu, we abandoned that pre-fixed menu pretty quickly and went all out.I ended up getting some filet medallions with bleu cheese spread, and others had the prime rib. Though the portions were on the smaller size (definitely not Lawry's or Mastro's sized), it was well made and actually left you wanting more...which is probably the whole idea behind the smaller portions anyway.The brought out our sides on ironcast bowls, which helped keep things hot. The mashed potatoes were really whipped well...to the point of it being almost a thick liquid. It was buttered, which was nice.One of the items we got was foie gras to be spread over slices of baguette. I've had foie gras sparingly, but I have to admit that that was pretty good. Good smooth texture and a crunchy bread created a nice combination. It gives that duck-ish aftertaste, but I recommend it, if you don't really mind that. This was one of the better instances of it, and I'm disappointed that California will be placing a ban on serving the delicacy. I suppose I can only really have it if I go back to Las Vegas in the future (which happens often enough, I guess).The truffle mac and cheese was okay. I actually used it to clear the palate. It was definitely cheesy, but I felt it lacked a bit of salt or richness.For such a classy steakhouse, being in Las Vegas does have its downside. The highlight of the evening had to be leaving STK. As the four of us were walking out, right outside the restaurant was a dude dressed up in only his boxer shorts. Nothing else. I could tell the mater d' and the host staff wanted to say something to the man, like GTFO, but since he wasn't technically inside STK (just outside of it), they couldn't do anything. It was just such a contrast to have this pretty much naked man greeting the well-heeled people entering and leaving the place.Excellent food!  Very rich....waiters will try and upsell you so be prepared.  The bread was the best I have ever had & the mushroom pot pie was bomb!A long & overdue review to a dinner with great company...Righteous dudes in Vegas (don't even try to make sense of it).  As we were in Vegas for various birthdays, one of the birthday boys decided the group should have one nice dinner together.  Most of us stayed at the Cosmopolitan.  My friend and I looked at the menu and thought this would be a nice place for dinner.  Knowing that you have to work with a coordinator for any parties over a certain number, I contacted our celebrations contact at the Cosmopolitan who said she'd pass on my information. GROUP RESERVATIONS:

I think we have had their coffee only on one occasion, since I don't normally enjoy specialty drinks and would prefer to make a pot of coffee at home. They also have other options for hot breakfast and lunch items that we have yet to try and hope to, somedayFriendly service, and tasty baked goods. We just got donuts and scones to go, so will have to come back another time to try their other offerings. The almond scone was a particular favorite. We will be back!*Disclaimer: I actually visited back in March; this review has been in my unfinished drafts for awhile. Aaaaanyway....*Big band music was playing when I visited, always a favorite. The overall vibe is of having stepped back in time a bit, helped along by the large black and white photos of the owner's family weddings of the past; very sweet and charming.The accent walls are painted in wide horizontal stripes in beige and brown, suggesting (to me, anyway) the layers of a mocha cake. There's a lot of subliminal messaging going on here.I came for lunch, and ordered a Smokey's Beef sandwich. It was really good, with a super delicious dense bun. Maybe house made? They are a bakery. It was a hard decision because the menu items all sound amazing. Somewhat pricey compared to similar local places with similar offerings, but not too outrageous.After my meal, which did not include dessert, I chatted with the owner, a delightful lady clearly devoted to her business and her craft. Found out she uses only butter from Switzerland which has a very low moisture content in her baked goods, and only King Arthur flour which is the only flour that the European Union allows to be imported from the US due to its quality standards. Also, they were soon going to be installing a new kind of coffee process, some Victorian era thing, which sounded intriguing. I need to go back soon and check that out. As well as some sweets, which is their forté, after all.Great coffee, I might add! Cheerful service, overall pleasant atmosphere.Weird things:Odd placement of bar/counters and cases, no indication that they serve anything but baked goods from the small glass case placed right smack in front of the door upon entering. I didn't realize they served actual food ,too, 'til I walked around to the side.An old lady patron complimented me on the perfect fit of my jeans. Awkward.Quite remarkable donuts and good coffee. Found this place via Yelp and I'm sure glad I stopped by. I do often seek out donut shops and enjoy the gourmet options and unique twists. This donut shop is pretty awesome. The standout donuts are a type of filled/pocket hybrid.  They essentially make a oval shaped pastry, slice it like a bun, and squeeze some amazingly fluffy frosting up inside. The Oreo one was omg amaze balls, and I don't even know exactly what the chocolate one was but it was equally amazing. In the words of my family member: "I don't even normally like donuts but these are amazing!".As for the coffee, it was good but the service was disjointed from the baked goods area. It took 5mins or so to make my coffee which is pretty slow. And the store was empty so I'm not sure why it would take so long to push some espresso out and into a cup. Overall, great donuts! Would like to see a few more raised donuts with holes in the future.I'm surprised by some of the bad reviews.  I've only been here twice, but both times were great.  Here are my highlights.Service - I had courteous, quick service both times. Food - I had coffee both times. Once I had a donut and another time,  a cupcake.  The coffee is good.  I got a nitro cold brew last time and it was yummy.  The donuts are fabulous!  They are very fancy, more like french pastry than a typical donut. The cupcake was just ok.Atmosphere - the space is nothing special, but I think they did a good job with what they have.  Cost - no surprises here.  Exactly what you would expect.  Less than $5 for a cold press and donut.If there is one thing they are great at, let it be the cinnamon rolls! To die for :)Love the coffee bar, so creative to use the space this way.People are friendly and you're supporting a local business owned by a woman! Way to go Rosie's!!!UPDATE: my family has visited this location a few times since the original review and the attitude has improved. Sometimes it's just the way people are. I don't want this message preventing others from checking this place out. Their coffee is great and they have some wonderful meals. They do cakes too! Checkout Rosie's. Original Review:Don't order your latte while you're on your way to Rosies because the older man who answers the phone may not only make you feel horrible for doing so, when you get there to pick up your coffee and you ask for a pumpkin square, he may act like you're an oaf while he tries to figure out what you mean by a pumpkin square by rudely asking, "what do you want?" And when you point to the item you want in the case he says, "oh a pumpkin bar" as if there is a considerable difference between the meaning of a baked item in square or bar form. I love Rosie's, have visited quite often and have previously ordered while on the way to work, but this time was different. The older man was definitely not in a good mood--I'd rather believe that than think he's just a mean person--and then passed that having a bad day feeling right on to me. Thanks. Not really. Take my money, I'm outta here. Maybe I'll stop at Starbucks next time. I get it, sometimes you just have a bad day, but this was cold. Not cool. Not cool at all. 2 stars for great coffee and food.After traveling for almost 12 hours we searched in earnest for a good place to eat. The selections along 90 in this area were limited and we decided just to get off the highway and drive around until something popped up on the map that sounded interesting.  The maple bacon filled donut offering made us turn around and go back! We got the last one today!!! And soooo glad we did.  My daughter called it but she was nice enough to give us all a taste. The smoky, salty, meaty crunch was the perfect foil for the maple icing.  The filling was more similar to what I remember European buttercream filling to be - lightly sweet, rich and buttery. It was enough to make any pastry lover melt. We all got egg sandwiches in different varieties - ham on biscuit, ham on croissant, sausage on biscuit and bacon on croissant.  Though the baked goods are all made in house and delicious we all agreed that the biscuit was the best. All their meats were great and the eggs were perfectly done.  Service was friendly and quick. Though the prices seemed a little steep at first once we took a bite we understood how they could totally justify their prices.I popped in without an appointment this evening. Everyone was nice & friendly and took me right in. Penny took her time and did a great job! Only gave 4 stars as I paid more than most salons charge for the same service.Well after running some errands last week I noticed a express nail sign for Angelic Nails & Spa.  I thought why not stop in, I was long over due for a pedicure.  They left me to pick a nail polish from a extremely large collection of polishes. Then escorted me to a massage chair with Tim, a friendly but quiet man.  I looked over the menu of selections they had available and chose the Deluxe pedicure for $30.  The pedicure included hot stone treatments, callus removal, heated lotions, towel wraps and much more.  Tim took great care to deal with my extremely cracked feet due to diabetes.  I was so impressed with the length of time he took, the great effort to bring my feet back into health and the wonderful massage that I booked another appt.  I gave them 4 out of 5 stars only for the unusual approach at multiple cameras everyone lol.  That I have to admit was a little unnerving.  Especially since the room for waxing had the tv screen posted on the wall so she could view all the cameras.  If you get a chance to go definitely ask for Tim!Stopped in today for the second time to get a fill and sat at station 1 both times.  The gentleman there is great and listens to how you want your nails done. I will definitely be back and have the same guy do my nails because both times they looked great!! The staff is also friendly and very welcoming.Love the service and special attention given here.  I had gel nails done and a couple chipped after about a week and a half an they repaired it without charging me. I have been here other times and have always received great service.Been coming here for years along with several friends and family members. Theresa does quality work and always makes a strong effort to accommodate everyone's needs. Very clean and comfortable environment.i think this is such a great workout, i have tried many other group classes and i feel that this is the most effective. i wish they would offer a 4:30/5pm class.Orange Theory gets it's name from the scientific concept of the Afterburn Effect, which holds that your body burns more calories at rest following sustained high-intensity exercise. To ensure that you achieve this effect, you are provided with a heart monitor and a color-coded TV screen visual aid to show how hard you are working out. The setup is actually pretty techie here, with a PDF of your workout data emailed to you after your sweat sesh.Tech stuff aside, no two workouts are the same here, which is awesome for someone like me who gets used to a workout quickly (and then plateaus). The classes are typically 60 minutes, and have less than 20 participants. The instructor leads groups stationed at different equipment, much like a circus ringleader: treadmills, rowing machines, TRX straps, and weights are used, for a mix of strength and cardio.So far, I'm a fan. Call or signup on their website, and you'll get two free sessions. Classes are a bit high at $15/each but they have various packages with monthly rates ranging from $50-$150 for those who wish to go frequently.Staff are stellar here, from Edwin at the front desk to Nick (head trainer and location manager, great personality!) and Rob (whose drill sergeant style is intimidating but effective!), they clearly all know their stuff and are happy to help you have the best workout ever, every time you walk in the door.NOTE: They offer a teacher discount that knocks a few bucks off the higher-priced monthly packages!Friendly people, great customer service, great concept...not my cup of tea but that is just personal preference. I work out regularly--about 4 - 5x a week at the gym--but primarily focus on strength training (free weights, machines, body weight, resistance bands, etc.) although I also do cardio 25%-30% of the time (mostly elliptical or Zumba since I have bad knees and can't jump / run or do other high impact stuff). However, I am getting a bit bored with the elliptical and hoping to supplement my training with a different type of cardio so I don't plateau...thus the search began.I seriously loved the concept of how they track everything and the goal of maximizing afterburn. Coming from a consulting background, I love the e-mail summary with the overview & charts they sent after the class. I also loved how you can see your calories burned, heart rate, and minutes in the "orange" zone throughout your workout by looking up at the screen.However, here comes the but...

Overall service rating would be 3 starsAfter reading the reviews I was a little skeptical of this place.  But it surprised me with great food.  From our hummus plate & sweet potato tots to the steak and the finish with cheese cake.   It was great.  The only reason I dinged them a star was that the service was a little slow.  Waiting for drinks was a little annoying.  Otherwise the food was too notch!This has become a staple of mine, it's a great place to have a good lunch and conversation.  The noise level is pretty low that it's easy to have a conversations.  The staff is always friendly and easy to work with.  Some of my favorites include the pork taco special and the grilled cheese (three cheeses and avacodo, yummy).I just recently tried Tryst Café and was very pleasantly surprised! I got the Hawaiian breakfast (pork, cabbage, two eggs, and I subbed sweet potato tots for the jasmine rice). SO delicious. The restaurant is clean, the wait staff is friendly and the service is great.I went in today for the second time and ordered the same dish which did not disappoint. When I tried paying, their credit card system was glitching so I waited a little while for them to figure it out. They provided a $10 gift card for the inconvenience, which was totally unnecessary but extremely thoughtful. I will be back to try something on their dinner menu.I went for Sunday brunch with two friends. I had the GF Eggs Benedict and really enjoyed it. The sweet potato tots were really good. I loved that they offered so many GF options, as I am gluten intolerant. One friend had the Monte Cristo and said that it was too much bread, not enough filling, and felt the raspberry jam should have been served on the side. My other friend enjoyed her eggs and potatoes. The coffee was really good and I was impressed that they serve stevia and not aspartame. We waited about 5 minutes for a table at about 10 am and it was quite busy. Food came out timely and our server was attentive. Overall I enjoyed the food and the ambiance and would go back again. My friend with the Monte Cristo would go again and try something different.I have been in for brunch a few times and enjoyed the food a lot.  I ordered the steak and eggs which was awesome.  I would recommend the breakfast sandwich as well. Service has always been nice but can be slow at times.We went for brunch and were all pleased with our meals.  I ordered the Tryst Omelet and it was amazing.  The pesto was fresh and the sweet potato tots were pretty amazing.  They offered several gluten free options, which is great fo rme too.  We sat outside though and there were tons of flys.  Not sure how to prevent that, but it was very annoying.  Our waitress was realy nice and knew her stuff.  Parking was also pretty horrible.  It took about 10 minutes to find a spot.This place was such a surprise! Delicious food that ended up being pretty healthy with lots of gluten free options! I had the Huevos Rancheros, which were honestly the strips of crispy corn tortillas made it little hard to eat with a fork. I can't complain too much, they were delicious! Whether or not you have dietary restrictions, this place is fantastic. Check them out!Good and service.I've been here a lot for brunch, the male companion loves their sweet potato tots, which they serve until 2PM. I usually stick to getting chorizo & eggs (ask for them to make it a scramble with cheddar), but have also had their oatmeal (HUGE FREAKIN PORTION) and most recently tried the biscuits and gravy (a little sweet, could have used more MEAT!). I'm a fan of their mimosas. They also have a ton of fresh smoothies, salads, and healthy options. There is also a wine flight that is catching my eye every time. I am interested in coming back for their lunch menu too, some of the sandwiches sounds great! They also apparently have live music throughout the week, which is pretty cool! Will have to check it out some time. Overall, I think it's decently priced, always have great service, and the food is pretty good. I just wish they had hash browns.Oh my goodness, what a find this was! The creative menu will stop you in your tracks. I was paralyzed with indecision for a good 10 minutes, because everything looks AMAZING.I ended up opting for the Tryst Benedict, which had a sort of Anaheim cream sauce on it, as well as spinach and ham. Though delicious, it didn't deliver enough of a flavor punch (more seasoning? cayenne/arbol pepper?)My only other grievance was the gravy (yes, a gravy-grievance); it fell in the "average- below average" spectrum, tasting heavily of flour and water and not much else (where are the pan drippings at??). Since they make their biscuits homemade, they should also make a homemade gravy IMHO. All else considered, this versatile menu has me super excited and looking forward to coming back!We walked over from the HIE and was looking for a somewhat healthy options for breakfast.  Tryst did not disappoint.  He both had the steel cut oats and they were fantastic.  We did split the sweet potato tots since we love sweet potato anything and they were really tasty.

Service: 3.5

P'tit cheddar (it's a cheddar version of the pain au chocolat)

ontime--mostly

Very approachable and talkative staffSolid Chilli Burger.  Solid fries.  If you are looking for health food you came to the wrong restaurant.Like Tommy's in Los Angeles. If you love chili and burgers or hot dogs, this is for you.This is not the kind of thing you can eat every week, but when you feel like a burger or hot dog or fries, they do a great job. It's a local owner, so supporting that is good.If you like In N Out, Five Guys, Tommy's, Louis's (for my LBC crew) this place is a good stop in and they are on Foodie Call too.Being from Los Angeles, you have tons of good options for a good burger when ever you want... but here in Charlotte finding a good (non-gourmet) grill em all style burger is not as easy - so I give them 4 stars.Super casual.I've read about Chubz several times over the years and have always wanted to try them. Today on a blustery wet Sunday I got my chance.The shopping center it's in is a bit run down but don't let that stop you from going. The Chiliburger which is their specialty (#1 on the Combo menu) is outstanding. With the Chili, it tends to slide apart so care must be taken in eating but with that aside, prepare yourself for a great burger.Comes with french fries and they are some of the best I've found in Charlotte. Hand cut, properly cooked with a crisp outside and a moist but not mushy interior. I'm very picky about french fries and few places do them well and this is one of them.Service is basic.  You order at the counter and pickup on the other end.  In my case, since I was seated and they were not busy, they delivered my order to my table.Outside of the strip mall they are in, the atmosphere is excellent. Not fancy but attention is taken with cleanliness and sanitation.It's gotten a number of good reviews over the years and now I know they are justified and with good reason.The fries are fresh cut but I prefer crinkle cut. I had the chilli cheeseburger, it was worth the money. Wish the burger patty was a little thicker. Overall it was delicious!Once again, another very good experience!! The burgers are hot off the grill and juicy with fresh toppings. The fries were tasty and so hot that you had to let them cool a bit before tackling the huge portion. This is one of my daughter's favorite places to eat. The owner seems to always be onsite and the passion he has shows in both the quality of the food and in the speed of service. We will definitely be back!!!!You know what I almost didn't eat here after seeing the  90 score but all in all I had a good experience. The only reason I came was for the chili cheeseburger and it was a decent one. Chili was pretty good burger was hand formed nothing frozen decent lunch spot I'd eat here again. Cook was friendly as well as the managerGreat spot, a nice little gem if your from California or been to California you'll know what I'm talking about. This place is kinda like an In-N-Out and Tommy's combined they have chili cheese burgers, and what's equivalent to a double double, also chili dogs even complete with your choice of chili cheese fries. Or animal style fries. Best part they also serve beer can't get that back home. The staff is really friendly and informative don't know how many times I've been to a new restaurant for the first time. Have to try a figure out what I want or if I'll like it. The staff came right out to help identify what was what. So, I got the double chili cheese burger with chili cheese fries. And let me tell you was even better then the Original Tommy's back home on California Tommy's chili is a little to greasy at Chubz it was perfect for me. Pricing was reasonable and a good value Wish there was a Chubz in Ventura county Ca. I'd for sure be a regular. But next time I'm in Charlotte i'm definitely coming back Ps they have a chalkboard wall at the sit down bar where you can leave a little message behindI'll start with the pros: super delicious burger, crispy French fries, and wonderfully battered onion rings.Cons: they messed up my order. I ordered two burgers, one with chili on the side, and both with just meat, bread, and cheese. Both burgers also had toppings on them. Then, when I bit into my onion ring, the onion still had the skin on it! Definitely not something you like to get.All in all, my first experience with Chubz was pretty good, but not great. I would go back and double check my order (should've done that this time)!The food is great.   The employees not so great.   The female complained about everything she was asked to do and was complaining about having to work in general.   They were arguing loudly.Great lunch spot. The staff was friendly, the food was great. I ordered the number 1 (double chilli cheese burger, fries and a drink). It reminded me of five guys but, a little less grease on the burger. Still messy due to the chilli but, they wrap the burgers so that they are easy to eat even though sloppy (awesome!). The fries appear to be fresh cut and they give you plenty - I got through about half the fries and I was hungry!Great burger! Cool small burger joint with great chili and delicious fries! Definitely coming back.Ordered mushroom swiss burger, protein style (no bun) with a side of fries and a soda.  fries were a huge portion, they had different dipping sauces.  burger was great although a bit too pink for what I typically eat.  noone asked me how I liked it cooked so this must be their style of doing it.one tip:  the burger was extremely salty.  it wasn't the cheese, onions, or mushrooms so it had to be the burger.  we would come back again if the salt factor was modified.As a local, I feel this place is a little pricey but that's the Strip for you.. It's to make a dollar off the tourists. BUT, the Veggie Burger was very good. I loved the Sweet Potato fries, and I never thought to try Sriracha ketchup- that was Amazeballs. I wouldn't PLAN to go here... But if I were around the area, I would definitely eat here again.I really like the bar area, and the bartender was really cool. All of the ketchups were really good. Good fries, good burger. Cool cool place. Prices are really not bad given its location. Wouldn't mind going to the miracle mile shops again for this place alone.Probably 3 1/2 stars, but I'm gonna round up for the three dollar 25oz Rolling Rocks. I've been here twice for some late night eats. Yes, I was less than sober each time, so maybe only drunk people should read my opinion of this place. First time, I don't remember which burger I got, but it was good. After all, it's a burger. Even the ones that come in a paper bag that someone hands you through a hole in the side of a building are usually pretty good. On my burger scale, I'd probably rate it at the same level as like... Fatburger, only with more topping options and a bunch of different ketchup flavors.The poutine fries were pretty good. When you're drunk, fries covered with gravy and cheese curds sounds awesome. Wasn't a huge let down, but ya know, it's a Canadian dish, and much like Canada, it sounds better than it is.Second time, I got a crunch dog. I liked that too. It was like a Costco polish sausage with some Funyuns, bacon, and ketchup on it. That's not an insult. I like Costco hot dogs, but Costco hot dogs are a buck fifty and that includes a soda with a free refill. My crunch dog was about ten bucks I think. Maybe next time I go to Costco, I'll bring one home and make my own crunch dog.I went to that other Cheeseburger place in the miracle mile a few years ago. That place sucked. If you're at Planet Hollywood and want a burger, go to Ketchup if you don't want to wait in the Gordon Ramsay line.Had lunch at Ketchup today with friends visiting from Seattle. Anyone who knows me knows I love a good burger, and this place didn't let me down. I ordered their special, their basic burger (aka the Ketchup Burger) with a Brooklyn Beer for 11.99. The burger was 100% Angus Beef, and 100% delicious. The beer was a tasty brown ale that went perfectly with the burger and fries.For just a bit more than you would spend at Fatburger and about as much as you might spend at Red Robin, you can get a true gourmet burger. Worth checking out. (Planning to try one of their shakes next time.)This was our best meal in Vegas and the cheapest. Sweet potatoe fries were amazing and we loved all the different ketchups to try. The hamburgers were huge and amazing. We will be going back.Conveniently located right by the self parking of miracle mile. Enticing menu of unique spiked milkshakes.  I grabbed a quick Angry Orchard. I noticed the different flavored ketchup... Siracha, balsamic.... Hence the name!  Very cool. JENNIFER was bar-tending and she is AWESOME!  She put up with the drunk goofballs pretty well.  Very nice and she made us some delicious fruit loop shots!  Loopy Three Olives Vodka and ice cream. Wow! I've got to come back for the fireball milkshake.The BUNS! i think that was the best part of the burger. Super soft chewy buns ! Had the mushroom swiss burger and the western one (had onion rings and bacon in it). And the sauce selection was bomb digs! They even have the nifty coke machine with a bajillion flavors. I would totally go back!I got a turkey burger and strawberry shortcake alcoholic milkshake, my boyfriend got a burger and fruit loops milkshake. My burger was okay, turkey burgers are usually hit or miss, but she let me make a few substitutions which was nice. My boyfriend loved his burger. However, after getting our burgers we wondered where our drinks were. The cashier didn't tell us that after ordering and paying we had to go to the bar and ask the bartender to make our drinks.Speaking of the drinks, they were delicious! His shake tasted just like fruit loops but I have to say that my strawberry shortcake shake was even better. I would recommend that two people split a shake though if you're both getting a burger (or sharing a burger if you're both getting a shake?), the combination left me so full.What really caught my eye were the different kinds of ketchup they had!! Sriracha, balsamic, hickory...super unique!

Yes, locating this restaurant was a little difficult, as there is no obvious signage visible from the street and the only indication of their name was in small print on the front door. However, the food here was excellent and the service was amazing (although perhaps that was because my friend was wearing her yelp shirt.... nah.) The wait staff was helpful and efficient. The environment itself was calm and clean. And then there's the food... I had chicken pho, which was very tasty, and one of my friends had a chicken and noodle dish (and her left overs were very good the next day as she left them in my fridge :) Large portions of quality food at fairly cheap prices... Just thinking about it is making me hungry.I want to re-name Wendy's Noodle Cafe to AUNT Wendy's Noodle Cafe because by the time we were finished eating, it felt like I was leaving a family member's home!  Wendy's Noodle Cafe is not like your other Chinese restaurants.  It's nice and clean in there, which most Chinese food connoisseurs know is not the case and the service was good!  More on that as you read... but first about the food:1.  Seafood Tofu Hot Pot - This was small sizzling clay pot full of goodies.  Though a small complaint on the ratio of tofu being more than the seafood, the components were all tasty.  Crispy nuggets of tofu, nice tasty bites of fish, bamboo, squid sizzling in a smooth brown sauce.

I stopped at TJ's since I had not been there in a while.

-Plates are clean

keep it up ladies!

They have 2 pools......well 1 pool and 1 lazy river.  I didn't get to check out the river but the pool is a nice size! I was able to get 1 day of sun (since it was raining most of the week).

2 stars for food service.Great place to have a drink with many TV's (does not matter where you sit). Not my best choice for lunch during work, or even dinner. Food here takes a while to arrive!Friendly staff always making you feel welcomed!Nearly 5 stars, which is ridiculous for this type of restaurant, but they get it right! Twin Peaks is located two blocks from my job, so I'm there a couple of times a month for lunch. There aren't a ton of food options, but what they do have is really good. I've tried just about everything on the menu, and have no complaints. The service is amazing. You'll never wait for a drink refill, and just about everyone who walks by checks on you. If you're looking to catch a game, they have a ton of TVs. There are even booths with personal TVs. This place definitely doesn't have the Hooters vibe. Yes, the girls are nearly naked, but it just doesn't seem trashy. If you're in the area, I highly recommend stopping by.I had the steak salad, but had blackened chicken instead with house dressing. It was a very good choice. I took half home for dinner and it held up well. Everyone else at the table had chicken fingers and they were quite delicious. The server was friendly. She was a little off with her abilities, but I guess it's all about the "twin peaks". I'll definitely return.We stopped by to check out the happy hour specialsThey have a great draft selection on tap, and the beer was extremely cold.I ended ip getting the Mom's Pot Roast, fantastic!! We will be backAlright. My first time here and it was different. I anticipated the menu to consist of  variety of wings, I was wrong. I guest I stereotyped it with hooters lol.What we ordered:

So, it started out awesome. And the theater is awesome. But the movie (Dumb and dumberer 2) was horrible.They serve beer and wine (maybe liquor?) and a bottle of the Cab was only $32. Yea, it's expensive, and not a great brand, but hey, I can get a bottle of wine at the movies! That sounds good, I'll have that (get it, it's a line from the first movie!)

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-scottsdale?select=uzjQ397lgcf3lgwwRTarrQ#uzjQ397lgcf3lgwwRTarrQKiddo had the O-Lineman Burger, which was massive!  He's a growing boy though and easily man-handled it.  He loved it.I had the Open Pit Burger...it had a lot of flavor.  The BBQ Sauce complimented the Burger well.Mom had the Prime Rib Sliders....she really enjoyed them too.We all split a side of Hot & Smokey Mac n Cheese....the diced Jalapeños that were mixed into it gave it a nice spicy bite....yum!  It's a healthy portion that can easily be shared between 2 or 3 people.Service here was so/so....I had to flag down the server to refill my Beer glass....food came out hot and fast and our orders were taken right after we sat down....it was the refills that were problematic.Overall, I like this location.  It's more laid back than the Old Town location, which is more of a party atmosphere.Return Factor - 95%This place has either gotten rid of old management or had a come to jesus moment because its done a complete flip from previous experience.  Keep up the good work.5 stars for food. Knocked one off for sour puss server. Would it kill you to smile?We got the sleepy dog red rover irish ale and kilt lifter beers. Both were so good and chilled to perfection. The mac and cheese burger was calling our name which we answered with a pretzel bun, of course. The best burger I've ever had,  no joke. We will be back and hopefully we won't get the same debby downer server.This place was pretty good.  I am a big burger person. We brought the little guy and he loved it.   Service was good.   It's kind of dive bearish, and the first high chair we picked was broken, but overall food good service good so no complaints here.   I would def go backPretty good burger.  Service was friendly and attentive and I really love those brioche buns. I will say, the whole food challenge thing, while not for me (the last thing I need is a bunch of people gathering around to watch me eat)  creates quite the hoopla.  The hungry bear of a man attempting it while I was there attracted quite the crowd.  Good times.Good food good choice of beers pretty good with kids and the service isn't to bad. I would recommend them do lunch dinner or a happy hour event.I've been here 4 times.  I've had Juicy Lucy twice, 1000 Islands, & Speedy Gonzalez.The service is really spotty, when its good its real good and when its bad, its among the worst.The really bad service makes for the loss of one star - that is how over the top good the kitchen/grill is.  I've had a million good burgers - these are the best.  Not just the great menu combinations but the perfect cook.  I plan on making my way through the entire burger list.If you go for just a beer and apps - try the "Totcho's"  Tater tots done up as nacho's - not bad at all.  Also, their onion rings are addictive.They provide exactly what they say, cold beer and cheeseburgers. The variety of cheeseburgers is refreshing and a nice chage from the same ol' same ol'. I had the o-lineman which is a cheese stuffed patty sandwiched between 2 grilled cheese sandwiches. Despite the threat of a sever colon backup, I went ahead and ate that beast and it was glorious. The burger itself aside, the grilled cheese was fantastic on its own. What prevents them from getting that 5th star is that the patty itself was a little tough and wasn't as flavorful as I would have expected a sit down cheeseburger place to have, but don't let that deter you. Good ambience, good food. Go for it. Last point: tots are insanely delicious here. Get them. Hey. You. Get the tots.For me, what gets me excited to go to this place is their loaded tots. Highly recommended! It is a large portion, though. Four of us share each time, and it's a healthy portion for each. I also do their veggie burger, which is good, along with their fries.I love the 1000 island burger and my husband loves the open-pit burger! Mozzarella sticks are amazingggggGreat burgers and super original styles. Very chill neighborhood joint. Perfect for watching a game, hang with friends, or a quick bite with the family.  The service is also a big plus. Big smiles and on top of their game.Steak house truffle burger was the BOMB! Recommend this place if going out straight from work or just a chill night with your boo. Awesome!Glad I stumbled upon this place. Great place to grab a beer & cheeseburger and catch a game. Lots of TVs with all games playing. Staff is always friendly and accommodating. Place is normally quite busy with a variety of people. Only down fall for me is they don't deliver.Great Food. Great Atmosphere. Enjoyable time. I had a build your own chicken sandwich on a GF bun and tots. It was great. Husband had an American Burger, no burger remained on his plate. Thursday's are kids eat free. So, our kids had Mac and Cheese and a grilled cheese. Also, enjoyed the amazing Brownie Sunday. All for $60 and we enjoyed a COLD BEER (or two) as well.The staff was very friendly and the food was great. The restaurant was very clean.Amazing burgers!!!  I had the steak burger and my hubby had the Juicy Lucy.  The burgers were flavorful and delicious.  Unfortunately the wait staff was friendly, but busy and a bit slow.  Not enough to prevent us from coming back and bringing the kiddos.  Definitely recommend!This is a smaller location from the Old Town one, but it's a perfect place to grab some drinks, some hearty All American food and watch sports! Be warned that it does get crowded on the weekends. I'm a big fan of the food and drinks here. The name says it all in terms of the type of food they specialize in...burgers! They have a wide-variety of burgers to choose from, including sliders. You can also build your own burger. In addition, I'm a huge fan of their buffalo chicken and I encourage you to order their buffalo chicken dip or buffalo chicken egg rolls. For drinks, they offer great specialty cocktails as well as a wide selection of beer. If you can't decided what to get, you can also order the beer and a shot combo where they pair a shot that tastes good with the beer you order.This is a sport's bar-but our grandsons love it!  Loud, TVs, French fries and lots of kid friendly food and servers.  We love going on create your own burger night.  service was very thoughtful and helped out wherever they could to get our toddler grandson his food asap!Came here for a business lunch with my boss a few weeks back and wasn't looking forward to seeing that I don't eat cheeseburgers and we couldn't drink. I was wrong though. Their menu is huge - I got a turkey burger and it was delicious. I loved it. Their drink selection is huge and had everything imaginable on it. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it is a bit small, love outside seating but this place doesn't offer a ton of it.This place was great!  We went here the other day for dinner and had a really good experience.  The place itself is smaller than I thought it would be but has a very nice outside area, there is plenty of bar access and the inside has many a TV to watch the game on.  A lot of other people seem to dock them for service but we were served perfectly.  They seemed to be around whenever we needed them while not hawking over our shoulders the whole time.  Everything was spot on as ordered and nothing was forgotten.  The beer list is grand as it should be if you have cold beers in the name.  I tried the Maui brewed coconut porter, it was fantastic.  The food was good as well.  I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 since it wasn't the freshest ingredients but it's fried and greasy so it doesn't really need to be.  It all tasted very well.  We had the buffalo tot chos and a couple burgers.  Everything was hot and as advertised.The beer selection was extensive,  but I wish there were more options on tap. My burger was delicious. You definitely have to a eat these with a fork - there was no chance of eating it as a burger. Service was decent,  not great.Good food, good service!  Gotta love a place where a pretzel bun is one of your choices.  They have lots of TVs so it's a good place to watch a game.Went here for lunch w a coworker. Food was great.  It took a little longer than my hour but it was amazing.   I will be back for happy hour I think.Been wanting to try this place for a while so I decided to stop in.  Right away I notice all the tv's and games on.  Already loving it.  Took my seat and was greeted by a gal named Kim.  Wow!!  She was a looker!  This place is getting better.  Kim went over all the beer offerings and answered all my menu questions.  I went with the Juicy Lucy and fries.Kim had my order out in no time and the burger did not disappoint.   And the fries were some of the best I have had.  Kim delivered a second beer to round out the meal.Overall great experience.  I'll be back.Manager sent an apology and a gift card for our next visit. I appreciate good customer service.Their new steakhouse truffle burger has to be one of the top burgers I've ever had!  The meat was cooked precisely as ordered.  The seasoning and toppings were balanced to near perfection.  My wife and I weren't very hungry, and she isn't a fan of burgers, so we split the it. This amazing burger left us both wanting more. We'll definitely stop in the next time we're in town!Busy friday. Typical. Was able to get 2 seats at the bar.  Brittany. Fabulous and friendly . We ate buffalo chicken dip. Good. But spicy. But the cb cb burger. Perfect. I asked Brittany for beer suggestion. She was spot on with the red hook brewery. Cheers. Keep up. The good work.The food was absolutely AMAZING!! However, once the lunch rush came in, the service was a bit slow. I chose to make my own burger. This allowed me to add everything I wanted, while leaving out the things I didn't. The restaurant has a good amount of outside seating that is cooled by misters.

-big portions (when a sandwich and a drink cost $12 it better be good)

Alchemy could plunk down in any city and please everyone.

I don't mean to sound whiny, the hotel was really beautiful and great in many respects, but our welcome left a sour taste.  I would stay there again for sure, but would call to confirm the reservation ahead of time.  You may not get a free drink, but you will peace of mind.Perfect hotel for a quick getaway. We booked our room on priceline for 100 bucks for 2 nights. The staff is extremely accommodating and super friendly. The building itself looks a bit old, but honestly, it is in the BEST location. You are connected to the "underground city" right off the Place-Des-Arts metro stop. It is a short walk to the major tourist attractions and you are basically connected to the museum of contemporary arts as well as all major theatres.They have nice, comfy beds too. Always a plus after walking home at 3am from the Village in shoes that look fierce, but are hurting your feet more than you let on.  The hotel also has a really cute bar and restaurant. However, prices are CRAZY steep! Seriously skip the hotel restaurants and hit up the food court in the mall under the hotel. Honestly, they have killer food for 6bucks. Please, its the college student in me. Always saving a buck!I, too, got a pretty killer deal on this hotel from Priceline.  The hotel is located right in downtown Montreal down the street from Eaton Center, across the street from the modern art museum, and a few short blocks from the Vieux Port area.  The location is fairly central to everything, though I wish I'd stayed closer to the plateau (I was more interested in the restaurants, shops, etc. there)This hotel is totally passable.  The rooms are big enough, the bed was super comfy, and everything was very clean if slightly "worn" looking - they could definitely stand to repaint and refresh the rooms.  The hallways are badly in need of a lighting upgrade - they're very dark.  The pool is okay and there are wet and dry saunas, though no hot tub that I could locate.  The pool area shares a gorgeous deck that runs along the front of the the hotel with, oddly, the bar/lounge.  The deck gives a great view of Mount Royal and the activity on the street below.  Speaking of the bar, it was completely dead the Thursday-Saturday nights I stayed here.  I'd considered grabbing a drink here before bed, but it was too depressing.  The staff was fairly sub-par.  They were fine, but neither overly helpful nor enthusiastic.  The hotel also lacks a concierge, which I find really odd for a downtown hotel this size.One HUGE advantage of the Hyatt, that I'd never expected, is that is located as part of a shopping mall.  It was fantastic to be able to just run down to the food court for a quick snack rather than being saddled with standard hotel issue vending machines.  Even better, there's an IGA (supermarket) right in the building.  I was able to buy large bottles of water for far cheaper than the aforementioned vending machines and, best of all, a case of Kinder Eggs to smuggle back into the US.  Take THAT Consumer Product Safety Commission!All in all, I was pleased with this hotel.  I was terrified after reading these reviews, but the hotel was a pretty standard Hyatt that I was able to stay at for a good price.  If I returned to Montreal, I'd probably try to stay in another neighborhood, but I'd definitely recommend the Hyatt to anyone.Although the hotel was under construction, everything was well run and under control. They offered me a choice of several things to make up for the construction - I chose the 1000 points. My room was nice and clean. The bar is open until midnight. Love that the hotel is above the Complexe Desjardin - very convenient, especially if you want to take the underground pathway to the convention center at Palais des Congres.I booked my trip to Montreal at the last minute and I wasn't sure what route I wanted to take in terms of accomodations.  I was thinking one of the chic hotels in Vieux Montreal, but at the end of the day I knew I'd be out too much for the hotel to matter so I tried the "Name Your Price" option on Priceline.  The hotel I got was the Hyatt Regency in Montreal. I got the hotel at a great price.  I got it for less than half what it was advertised for.  Now at the advertised price I wouldn't recommend it at all as you can get a real designer hotel for less.  However at the Priceline price I would definitely recommend it.  The best thing about the hotel is the location.  It's located in the downtown area literally right next to Place des Arts.  The square is really nice during the day and amazing at night.  So you're literally a block from the Place des Arts Metro station and the green Metro line.  Better yet you're only a block from the 747 bus from the airport.  The of course you've got the Starbucks across the street.  I'm not a huge coffee person and I certainly prefer local cafes to Starbucks, but I frequented this Starbucks for bottled water and it was great to have across the street.  Oh, and it's right next to an Eggspectation which is supposed to be great for breakfast.The hotel looks a bit dated.  Think back in the day when Hyatt Regencys were the new hotel.  However despite the outward appearance, the lobby seemed newly remodeled.  Also the room seemed to have had a recent enough decorative face lift.  For me though what I liked was that the room and the bathroom were both really clean and the bed was comfortable.  In fact the room was cleaned every day and even one day well after the normal cleaning time as I had left the room late that day.  What was great about that was that I didn't have to call and ask for the room to be cleaned.  The best thing though was the service I received post stay.  I was lazy in packing when it was time to head home and I left a couple of shirts in the hotel room.  Well I called them up and within days they sent them to me.  I of course had to pay for them to be shipped, but I wholly expected the shirts to be lost. So at the end of the day I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're looking for a great location and a nice clean room at a good price (if you get it with Priceline).A clean comfortable hotel with modern rooms including flat panel TVs and comfortable beds. I recently spent 2 nights here during a business trip to Montreal and stayed in a king room. The hotel is located just a couple of blocks from the conversion centre (Palais de Congress) and is connected to an large multilevel shopping I must admit I almost cancelled after reading a couple of the reviews on this site but am glad I didn't. The hotel was quite comfortable, modern and very clean. I was assigned a room on the 8th floor which was quite large and pretty quiet. Location-wise it was great. There is a large open area in front of the hotel which was the sight of a totally fun summer festival - the just for laughs festival - with tons of free, family friendly entertainment. In short, wouldn't hesitate to book this hotel again.I'm not so positive that "Yay! I'm a fan." is how I am feeling about this hotel, but I feel that they should get some points for effort in fixing the "mistake"  that they made.To begin with, we booked through priceline, which should not make us "lesser" than other clientele.  After all, when you book through them you cannot back out once your offer is accepted.  If I cannot back out, the hotel should not be able to back out, which is what they did.  We stopped into the Hyatt on Thursday morning, and confirmed that we had a room there Monday night.  They found our booking and confirmed we had a king sized bed.  Yet when we showed up on Monday, after a long drive, we no longer had a room.  They booted us, and many other unhappy priceline customers.  Here is where I will split my experience into the good, and the bad.I'll start with the bad, as I'd like to finish on a high note in thanks to Margaret (I think her name was) who tried to make things right.The bad: We were never contacted by price line, or the Hyatt about losing our room.  I overheard another desk clerk telling other bumped customers multiple stories about why they didn't have a room.  They put us in a hotel "whose regular price is comparable to what we paid", which is actually irrelevant.  They needed to put us in a hotel comparable to what we were buying, which was a night in a 4 star hotel.  The fact that we got a good deal on what we were buying is meaningless.The hotel (which I will review later) was not even close to being close to what the Hyatt is.   We were told he room would be the same, as far as having a king sized bed, a pool, etc.  This hotel didn't even HAVE king sized beds.  Nor a pool, for that matter.We lost two hours of our last night of our trip, trying to get this resolved.  Now the good:I don't think Margaret knew that the hotel they put us in was as... strange as it was.  When we got to the replacement hotel and called her, she authorized the hotel to charge her for a room upgrade.  I think she was genuinely surprised to hear that the hotel had no king sized beds, etc.She reimbursed our parking (which was a no brainer)She reimbursed us for dinner that night.  That was the big thing that makes me feel comfortable booking a night there again.  The hotel lobby looked amazing.. really, I think that was part of what made it so hard to go to the other hotel.  I can't review the rooms, or the hotel food, or anything else, but I will say that the lobby and bar looked like a place I wanted to spend time.  Overall, while the experience here was very upsetting in an otherwise amazing trip, I do feel that they tried to make it right, and that is almost as important as not having the mistake made at all.Je suis restée au Hyatt il y a quelques années pour une fin de semaine de fille. C'est via Hotwire.com qu'on avait loué notre chambre, donc la surprise a été assez bonne quand on a vu que l'on était pour rester au Hyatt. La chambre était assez grande pour une chambre ordinaire et les couvertes en plume étaient divines. J'adore les hôtels où la literie est tellement bonne qu'on a l'impression de flotter dans un nuage lorsqu'on dort. L'hôtel comme tel est central donc il est facile de se déplacer un peu partout en ville lorsqu'on y est. Notre but était de magasiner, et on n'avait même pas besoin de sortir dehors pour ça! Plus récemment, j'y suis retournée pour un événement sur la terrasse. Ce qui est le plus amusant de la terrasse, c'est la vu sur la Place des spectacles. La piscine donne sur la terrasse donc en été, ça doit être assez amusant. Par contre, un peu comme le reste de l'immeuble, il y a beaucoup de béton. Ils ont fait une bonne job de rendre ça plus "chaleureux avec les bars en bois et des plantes, mais il manque encore un petit quelque chose pour que ça soit encore plus tentant. Des belles chaises confortable de patio peut-être? Le bar à l'intérieur est vraiment cool, et très grand mais j'espère y retourner une autre fois pour écrire un avis spécifique sur ce bar-lounge!The Hyatt Regency earns my praise for employing a very friendly and helpful staff that speaks both French and English.  Which is definitely needed when you are planning a large event and have booked a substantial room block on their property.  Though the rooms are not unique or very large, they are clean, new and do the job in a fantastic location.  They include all of the amenities you'd expect from a quality hotel and do not disappoint when it comes to housekeeping.  The lobby and bar area, SIX Resto Lounge, is pretty swanky and you can tell was just redone for the modern, sophisticated clientele which was perfect for what we needed.  And at the end of our conference, when we needed some last minute shipping help, their employees were wonderful in helping us in a pinch.  Their Regency Club rooms are nice as they come with special access to things otherwise not included in the standard room rate.  The mall underneath the hotel and it's location on St. Catherine really do make it enticing for the out of town and out of country traveler.Cet hotel se trouve au dessus du centre desjardins qui est  un centre d'achat entre autres choses , en plein centre ville et plus précisément dans le quartier des spectacles de Montréal. Un emplacement parfait , à cinq mins du centre Eaton et tous les autres centres commerciaux autours, en face du musé d'art contemporain de Montréal , tout près de nombreux restaurants et pas trop loin du vieux port ! En fait il y a tellement d'avantages et d'attractions que je pourrais en cité pendant longtemps. Quand à l'hotel lui même, il se trouve au 6ieme etage du centre desjardins ( si je ne me trompe pas) et il a été récemment rénové. Je voudrais particulièrement parlé de leur lounge et de la terrasse car ce sont les seuls endroits de l'hotel que j'ai visité ! Le lounge est vraiment beau, avec des lumières tamisées aux reflets bleue et mauve! Il comporte une table de billard, un bar au centre et plein de pièces de déco interessantes ! Le lounge donne accès direct à la terrasse et je crois qu'il est aussi connecté à la piscine bien que je n'ai jamais encore essayer d'y accéder! La terrasse donne une vue sur le quartier des spectacles, juste en face du musé d'art contemportain, sur la rue St-catherine !Sur cette terasse, on retrouve quelques  chaises allonger , des petites tables et   meme parfois des fauteuils . Il y a également une section vers le coté nord qui donne une vue direct sur la rue Jeanne Mance, là bas il se trouve un petit ruisseau d'eau et une petite végétation avec plus de tables et de chaises.Le Hyatt est très beau et j'aimerais bien séjourner dans une des chambres un jour! Il parait que l'hotel a également un centre de fitness, un restaurant et un spa ! Hotel à découvrir !Wonderful hotel in the middle of everything.  Very comfortable beds/rooms.  Club lounge is very nice with a nice patio that can be enjoyed in good weather.  Breakfast buffet is well stocked with a variety of options.Booked on Hotwire for a super deal. Great location and great service. The staff was very attentive. Room service was busy and they made a point to make sure we were taken care of. I would definitely come back and recommend this hotel.Hôtel confortable et surtout très bien placé dans Montréal ! Les chambres sont très "standards" et mériteraient d'être modernisées pour correspondre au standing des autres Hyatt du groupe. Sinon... Le personnel est agréable et serviable ! De vrais professionnels de l'hôtellerie ! Rien a dire si ce n'est que Bravo pour l'accueil chaleureux et agréable !!! Je retrouve cet hôtel et Montréal avec plaisir... :-)Large rooms, adequately furnished in central location. Friendly service, reasonable price.I'm mostly giving this hotel four stars because of the fabulous location. The hotel itself would be about a 3.5, but the fact that it was walking distance from our concert venue bumped it up to a 4! It's close to Old Montreal, Chinatown and St. Catherine, so it's a great place to stay no matter what you're looking for in Montreal.Driving in Montreal is never an easy feat for this Ottawan, but it wasn't too hard to find this place. They offer valet parking for around $30 a day, but on a tip from the valet manager, we parked underground, which is $10 a day on weekends.The hotel is attached to a mall, which is super convenient (especially in the winter!), when you want to shop a bit, or grab some junk food from Jean Coutu!So, the hotel itself. Not super impressive, but not awful either. I don't like how you have to enter on a ground level, but that you have to take the elevator to the second floor for reception - it just felt a bit strange. The reception staff were lovely and accommodating. The lobby decor is lovely and modern, and the lounge is gorgeous. They've clearly made an effort on the main level. There's a restaurant, Saveur, where we had our breakfast (see separate review!), a wine bar, and another restaurant, I believe.The room itself wasn't anything too special. Standard double beds, desk and tv. Everything was super clean though, which was nice. I have to agree with some of the other reviews stating the rooms could use an update. The walls are looking a bit tired, and the bathroom could use some hardware updates. That being said, the bed was super comfy, and it was everything we needed for the night. Also, the view was incredible!I would absolutely stay here again. We paid around $120 for a Friday night, and I felt this was absolutely worth it for the location and convenience.Pros: Nice rooms, decent conference center and lots of seating in the lobby and outside, proximity to the arts district, IGA grocery in the mall if you need some provisions, underground city can get you anywhere. Quiet. Cons: Long elevator waits, check in had long lines at random times. My room looked over a parking lot, so nothing special there. Overall, met/slightly exceeded expectations for a conference hotel and at the conference rate. If I were visiting Montreal again I would opt for an Airbnb.Centrally located in Montreal and walking distance to old Montreal!  A  bunch of great restaurants nearby and plenty to see. If you're looking for a good location to explore Montreal come stay here.Location!!This place has a great location!Desjardins shopping complex connected underneath, entertainment district within walking distance, touristy spots blocks away. Can't complain.Hotel amenities are your typical offerings. The bar/lounge was cool. Very stylish and modern. Plus they had a wine tasting type of machine that was really cool too! Indoor pool, pool table but wish they had a gym!Room was the standard 2 double bed. Modern, nothing crazy. They offer lots of room types and the suites look pretty good!With the hotel being connected to the shopping complex, there's a BUNCH of food options just floors below you at the food court. There's a grocery, bank and shops connected as well!Only downside to this place is the inconvenience of having the front desk/concierge so small, could be a long wait at times. Also being on the 6th floor is inconvenient. You have two elevator rides to get to your room. One up to the 6th floor where the lobby is, and another to get up to the rooms.There are only two elevators in the lobby areas, recommended you go behind the valet stand and take the elevator from the shopping complex up to the lounge behind the reception area. Much faster!Train Station is across the street at Places De Artes so transportation throughout the city is easy! Hotel points were used so can't speak of it budget wise opposed to other hotels, but this was a great place to stay!Had a lovely experience at this hotel, primarily because I feel like we were treated like people and not just customers. We were given some accommodations above and beyond what most other hotels have been willing to provide. These accommodations had to do with peculiarities around our uncertain schedule (eg. changing reservations on short notice). Bed was extremely comfortable, room was spacious and clean, breakfast was great, and the location of the hotel is fantastic. We'll be staying here again the next time we're in Montreal.During my first trip to Montreal for a combination of business and pleasure, this hotel was ideally, centrally, and visibly located...the tall buildings beside it made it easy to find while walking, even without GPS.  The complex beneath is pleasant (but some businesses close early), and it's possible to walk underground the entire way to the Convention Center several blocks away.  China Town is on one side (some restaurants are open very late), shopping and coffee (Second Cup...yum!) are further down St. Catherine in the business district, and The Village in the opposite direction is fun.  Old Port and Notre Dame are a 15 minute walk, and the streets that way are good.  The easy to use subway is also accessible via the underground complex below.  Casino is over on the island, accessible by subway/bus combo or $20 taxi ride.  My advice is to have the concierge arrange for Westin Limousine to take you to the airport.  It's around $60 US.This is a nice hotel, but it's more business oriented than of a romantic nature.  I found it to be pleasant and relaxing, though, with good views of the Art Museum and the crowds below.  Our room was clean, quiet, and comfortable.  I found a decent deal online, and the hotel was a good value for that price.Thank you for making my first visit to Montreal a very pleasant one, despite the chilly weather of late March!Along with a variety of wines and micro brew beers, this place had a very impressive lunch and dinner menu.  They do very delicious panini sandwiches, and have a wide variety of cheese to go with the wine.  If you're planning a party, they do catering platters and can help pick the perfect wine to go with them.  The only down side is that they don't start serving food until 3:00.  The upside is that they have free wine tasting on Saturdays noon-5:00.Ever heard of Bitch?  No, not your ex-girlfriend or the woman who ripped off your man.  I mean a nice bottle of red wine from South Australia.  Vintner Wine Market has more wine than I knew existed.  The knowledgeable gentleman who helped me took my vague "I like X wine, but not Y wine..." explanation and led me straight to two bottles he thought I'd enjoy.  And boy did I!They have free wine tasting on Saturdays and a lunch & dinner menu.  You can also buy wine glasses here.Close second in terms of beer selection behind Brawley's, occasionally they have something Brawley's doesn't, and vice versa.  Sometimes they have a few more lambics and gueuzes than Brawley's but that has reversed lately.  That said, prices are a bit higher, and the employees are both snootier and less knowledgable than Mike Brawley.  Brawley's also concentrates more on North Carolina offerings.  In contrast, Vintner's does have a wine bar and offers a ~10 beers on tap and several wines by the glass - you can imbibe while you shop.  Wine prices are also a bit high, I am not knowledgeable enough to comment on selection in that area but noticed things there are $3-$4 more than other spots in Charlotte.I have heard good things about this place so I figured that I would check it out for myself. Located in a strip center, it is easy to overlook with all of the other nondescript shops. The place has a small European boutique feel. More focused on wine than beer, they still have a very respectable beer selection. The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable. All of the beer is priced as singles, with the prices clearly marked, which is a huge plus. The selction is quite extensive, if fact it may be as good as Brawleys in that aspect. I think the biggest draw is the bar with around 16 taps, all of them devoted to craft. The draft prices are fairly reasonable, but the bottle prices seem a little high. Overall, this is a terrific place to come have a couple of beers and buy a hard to find bottle or two. I think Brawleys may still have the edge for my normal everyday purchases, but this is a nice place to have a beer while shopping.Jeremy was behind the bar and extremely knowledgable and understanding of all my questions. I was offered samples and educated on the nuiances of each particular selection. Where else in Charlotte can you try out the beer before you grab a six pack to go? I was extremely impressed. I will be back often. Great handcrafted brews and excellent wines. Next time I will try the food. Yes they serve food as well. I am very excitied about this place. I wish they had something like this a little closer to home and my designated driver.This is an excellent place to stop in for a superb selection of beers and wines by the glass.  They have excellent appetizers and I highly recommend the cheese plate that comes with assorted nuts, olives, jams, etc.  The interior is beautifully decorated. I generally find a bottle or two to take home as well.What an exciting new find. The Vintner Wine Market is not just a place to buy wine it is also a place where you can grab "small plate sharing dishes" and drink a bottle of wine with a few friends. If you're looking for a place with tons of sit down service and fancy dinners this is not your place. BUT, if you looking to relax, crack open a bottle of wine and share some delicious appetizers this is the place to be. And that's just the type of scene I was looking for last night with a few of my gal pals. I had never been to the Vintner Wine Market and honestly I thought it was just an upscale place where you shopped for wine. What I discovered last night was that this place is not only a wine shop ... it is also so much more. It looks like a fancy wine store inside with scattered tables and a bar in the far right corner. When you walk in, go to the back bar and ask for a menu. That's where you'll place all your orders and you'll leave a credit card with them till you're ready to check out. It reminded me of my college days where you'd go to a bar/restaurant and have to do the same thing. Main difference was this scene was much fancier. So for the grown up who still likes to feel free this is your place!We decided since it was so hot out to go down the white wine route. The three of us started off with a bottle of Edgebaston "The Honey Pot" 2011 Sauvignon Blanc white wine. Mmmm this wine is delish.Here's some info about that particular bottle that we stated out with straight from some wine site: It has a lovely yellow green tinged color with a brilliant reflection of light. Nose of Papaya, melon and litchi. Palate is smooth and creamy with soft, tropical fruit notes of papaya, litchi and mango and ends with a fresh, long finish.Well, anyway that bottle was so refreshing and easy to sip it magically turned into a second bottle ... this night was turning into quite the adventure. Luckily we had the husbands drive us over so we could really kick back and have fun. Along with our gossip and wine we ordered some small plates to share. Here's what we ordered:Pimento Cheese Plate 7

The Forth Boat Tours trip, aboard the Forth Belle, leaves from Hawes Pier and takes you first towards the west, past the Forth Road Bridge, before turning around and heading towards the mouth of the Estuary and stopping at the stunning Inchcolm Island. You can choose to get off at Inchcolm (at a cost of £5 per adult  which goes to Historic Scotland for access to the island) or to stay on board and return to Hawes Pier. If you choose to get off at Inchcolm Island, you have 90 minutes (not quite enough to thoroughly explore the Augustinian Abbey and world War II embattlements). Take a picnic if you do get off, as the only shop on the island does not sell drinks or food.

On your walk to the buffet, you see marble floors and walls galore. Gold layering accents and pools fit for monarchs.

Huge selection of wine, lot's to drool over!

Sweet potato fries were average, nothing special here.

3rd dish was the Salmon surf. Pretty hard to screw up Salmon but it was over salted, sorry.

butter chicken

I liked their lobster sandwitch, you can really taste the lobster and feels very fresh.

This store has absouluty everything. They have a pharmacy,gift cards,lottery tickets,deli, bakery, hot foods,cards,toys, furniture even.

We had no problem with the house cleaning staff. Our room was cleaned daily and usually before 2pm. Great job!

Service was impeccable.  Great ambiance.

Service is usually good. Maria is one of the best waitress there and always a 5 star for service when she the waitress. Another woman with long brown hair is usually a 3 star when we get her.

The service is always quick.

That was nice, but there were a ton of people.

Try their beef tongue, beef livers, beef tataki, grilled salmon belly, grilled mackerel, and garlic chicken gizzards.

Roasted Sweet Potato w/House-Made Marshmallow

They didn't know me and I didn't know them,

Also, love Wednesday "Double Coffee Points" day... with your frequent shopper card if you buy on Wednesday you get double credit towards your next free bag of coffee.  :)We like Cost Plus generally, but we never usually go there. Prices are high unless stuff is on sale, and not much we really need from there... but they do have some awesome stuff! Especially back in the foods/coffees/wines/beers section :)Lately, however, we've discovered that Total Wine has all of our alcoholic needs satisfied for a much better price. However, Cost Plus is close to home and we love to just visit sometimes... even if we don't really buy much there. They do a ton of wine tasting weekends here too, and they even had a cool event right after Thanksgiving where they gave away free movie tickets and ornaments to the first 100 customers of the day. We arrived pretty late in the morning and still got our ornament/tickets because not that many people shop at this location :)The wine tasting weekends are where it's at though. The employees here are awesome--extremely polite and friendly, and it doesn't even seem fake! :) They seem to actually enjoy their job, and it doesn't really feel like they are being forced to talk to the customers like at some places (Starbucks, for example... they are literally forced to strike up a conversation with customers by upper management. I feel so bad for them because most customers want no interaction whatsoever... like me :P) But yes, even though I don't really like talking to people when I'm out and about shopping, I actually do feel inclined to make eye contact with these employees, smile back at them, and respond in whatever way the social situation requires me to do. Nice location though. We love going here :)Nice folks who work there, cute things to buy.  I'd say though they are not as big as other World Markets but they do have a lot of stuff to sell.  We enjoy coming here and getting cute specialty items.We usually shop here to get those harder to find import food items, but they also have a variety of other fun items, stationary, hats, furniture, etc.This location is clean, organized, and has friendly staff. I don't come here as often as I'd like because I will spend too much money! I've shipped at world market for years- I still have my Akio dining set that I purchased in 2001 and I get compliments on how beautiful it is. Well made furniture for fair prices. Fun imported candies for holiday gifts, nic-nacs galore.I've brought several of my cars and trucks here. Sometimes they do great work, other times the work performed is so-so. Best value is the "Mini-Detail" which you can get for $89.95 if you tell them you saw their coupon in New Times. Today they did an excellent job on my Ford Expedition "Urban Assault Vehicle", which I am pleasantly surprised did not result in an up-charge due to size!I'm a Realtor and specialize in selling homes through out the East Valley, Scottsdale, and parts of Phoenix. I try to find reliable car washes to use when I find myself showing buyers in different areas. This particular car wash, the few times I've been there, has always done a great job when I'm only in need of a wash. I've not used any of their additional services to date, but for a regular wash they do a pretty decent job. All car wash places these days try to up-sell you on additional services and it's always up to you to say yes or no. If I feel like having my car waxed, my carpets cleaned, or my leather interior conditioned I know this prior to my wash. If you do this; try and haggle with the guy a bit before giving in. These guys, and the same goes for all car wash places, get paid bonuses for up-selling you so they will negotiate to get the sale. If you don't want additional services say no thank you and they'll leave you alone.My car was clean! That in itself is amazing since they have to get through kid debris and dog fur.I was happy with the friendly service at the counter and the speedy wash. I particularly happy with their hours as they close at 6pm and most places close around 6 during this time of year. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I can always nit-pick places they missed in the interior, but that's going to be most places. Overall good experience!Let me start this with a 'tip'.  If you get a coupon from either Groupon or "Living Social", you save a LOT.  Yes, this place is expensive.  But when you get the "deal" the cost falls into the same range as other car washes.This was my first visit here.  I did get the Living Social deal.  When I pulled-up a young man walked over and explained their system (I was going to go inside and ask since I had the coupon deal thing).  You pick your wash (my coupon picked that for me), your scent and then go inside to the register.  Inside I could see how the wash worked, and I liked it.  There are no spinning brushes or flopping strips of material.  There are arches with sprayers, and as the car goes under each it gets wet, then soaped, then rinsed, and probably a spray wax too.  In between each arch are people washing by hand.  So after you get soap they move in and work the soap in by hand.  I lost sight of it after the rinse, so not sure about the spray wax.Next the vehicle is taken to a finishing station outside where they vacuum it, do the windows, dry it off (blowing compressed air into all the crevices to get out all the water), and then they put something on the plastic pieces and dashboard to make them shiny.Given the amount of by-hand labor involved, the pricing isn't too bad here.  All the cheaper places have spinning brushes and such (hope you remembered to take down your antenna!).  If anyone does anything by hand it's only the finishing at the end.  But Classic Car Spa is all by hand, so you should expect to pay a bit more.When it was done the car seemed clean.  They did it reasonably quickly, and I haven't found anything that they missed.  My coupon gives me two more washes, and I will be using them happily.Really good hand washed service for a decent price. Definitely sign up for their reward card and get 5% back each time- it's like free money! I love how their outside area is covered so it's not as hot in the AZ heat and you can watch every minute of your wash. Usually car washes aren't very stocked with random car goodies (no one needs these anyways) but they seem to have them all!Good enough job. Better than Danny's. They are relentless on the up sales though. I dropped a car off to have it detailed and the guy had the stones to call me 15 minutes later trying to up sale me.I've got to say this place has impressed me more than once. The wash is standard as far as I've seen going to the different places, however, this place bends over backwards to make sure the customer is satisfied. I have nothing but the best things to say about Mario (Manager) and the various other folks I have dealt with. Detail I got on the truck looked amazing. Yes, they try to upsell you, all places do, it's how they make money but I've never had to say anything more than "no thank you". Folks on the line are very hard working!I drive half an hour to go to go this carwash, it's worth the drive. I like this carwash because they don't use harsh brushes, it's hand wash only. They always do a great job!Great car wash! They did a thorough job inside and outside of my truck .  Finally a Carwash that puts time into your car..Love how clean my car is after stopping at The Claasic Car spa!! My only choice when its time for a good cleaning.The hand wash is why I chose the car spa over the competitors. They don't normally miss spot however if you notice something a correction will be made. My car always comes out with that brand new shine!Gonna wait to offer judgement...and here it is:Had a suweet old plan in which I had unlimited DATA for three smart phones, but I was buying data for two iPads. The sales staff was able to get us moved over to a plan that included data for the two phones, add another iPhone and three iPads for the same cost as the original plan!!!  And to be clear, I am saying we bought the third iPhone...bought three iPads...and added data for those 4 new devices AND keep data for the two existing iPads...ALL FOR THE SAME PRICE AS THE ORIGINAL PLAN! All of these devices collectively use less than 10 gigs monthly.Customer service was excellent.This is a review for the 28th St. & Indian School store.  I recently had an A/C check-up on my house, and the technician wanted crazy money for some work that is quite DIY.  So, I did my research, learned what parts I need for the work and, instead of ordering online, decided to pick them up in town.  A little googling led me to Indoor Comfort Supply.Stopped in there this morning (they're open from 8-12 on Saturdays, which is great for the weekend DIY warrior), and the service was awesome.  I'm not entirely sure what the other reviewer was looking for when they said 'not much product in stock' - they appeared to have all the commonly-needed HVAC repair parts.  They certainly had everything I needed, and more.I found the service to be extremely friendly.  The fellow working - I assume he was the owner/manager - got the parts I knew I needed, and talked me through how to do another part of the job and made sure I had everything necessary for that, as well.  While I hope I don't have to make a habit out of repairing my A/C units, I will -definitely- be coming back here to get parts if I do need to do more repairs.  I couldn't be happier with my experience here.Was referred to this location from another location because there are on-site tech support people here.

The place itself is relaxed and has a strange old churchy smell about it. Tons of space and a huge bar that looks well stocked for a good night out. Coffee's good and service is reassuringly laid back. Prices are reasonable so all in all a pretty sound place to unwind after a hectic weekend. Would have gone all the way with 5 stars but it was a tad on the cold side heating-wise. Going to have to return for an evening meal and a couple of pints.I have to admit....I would not have normally contemplated a bar on Constitution St as a drinking option. Have to say this a cracking pub.With a splinter cell of yelpers who had broken away from Victorias I foudn the decor to be really nice, staff seemed friendly enough. Nice seating areas and a "dude on a guitar" all good.Importantly at this time of year for me they have a good malt selection so have to say while I am Leith resident I will be back!JD = happy man!I had the pleasure of being introduced to Nobles last night for the first time, and what a treat I was in for.  It has been a good while since I ventured down Constitution Street and nobles has never really been on my radar, but once I entered I immediately seen what all the fuss was about.This stunning Victorian Era bar doesn't look like much from the outside but it has a large bar area and plenty of seating - although the majority of it was taken when we arrived, despite being a Wednesday night, showing just how popular it is!  With so many of the original features intact and preserved, including staind-glass windows and carved wood everywhere, it has a massively authentic feel to it.  You can just tell that if you walked in 100 years ago, it would have been the exact same.The bar had a great range of drafts beers and lagers, including many independent Scottish brewers which is always nice to see.  This place is all about its live music it seems, and with a great little stage at the front its well equipped to do this.  I believe they have live music every night, and last night was in the form of a solo artist with an acoustic guitar (with the occasional help of his pal, who provided light drumming on a box and washboard)  doing a range of covers that was a pleasure to watch but wasn't so loud that you couldn't talk over him if you just preferred background music.I'm sure anyone living locally will already know and love this place but for anyone else, the decor, atmosphere, staff, music and drinks all make this place well worth venturing out the way for and one I will be making the effort to seek out again very soon.Very Nice Establishment. We enjoyed Dinner here which was simply a club sandwich and Duck sandwich, with bread and oil as a side, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. Great location too as not far from the shore. Service was good and very nice atmosphere. Loved the stained glass &  cosy, old fashioned interior.This is such a gorgeous pub, all cosy with dark wood, delicious-sounding menu choices, comfy sofas for drinks or tables with candles to eat. And good wifi! Yet it seems to have some sort of memory force-field at the door that means I leave and forget how much I like it, until the next time I stroll in and I think, "oh, of course! This place is great!" and then I leave and forget again. So this is my Note To Self - Nobles is lovely! go there!Not in the evening, though - unfortunately it suffers from the blight that is Live Music, and I can't be bothered shouting over some amateur guitar racket... But in the afternoons, spot on! I'll be back soon. If I remember.Although I used to live a 20 minute walk from Nobles, I never actually visited it until I moved away from Leith. I went for a drink one evening last year and it was packed but great fun. When we went for the Yelp brunch on Saturday I saw a very different side to it. During the day it is very chilled and and nice to relax in. I would happily just go there for a coffee, their cappuccinos were surprisingly good. I had the Eggs Benedict to eat and it was great. It came with a really generous amount of bacon, the poached eggs were well cooked and the English muffins were fresh and soft.The staff were also very friendly and helpful despite being faced with such a huge table of people, they coped just fine.I will have to go back soon for lunch/dinner!So glad to be introduced to Nobles at a recent Yelp brunch. Gorgeous interior, inviting atmosphere. Will definitely keep it in mind next time I'm in Leith. It seemed like a great place to stop in for a drink, and brunch was definitely a hit, as well. I had the full vegetarian breakfast, which was huge and very well done. I appreciated the big pile of spinach - a creative addition to the standard inclusions of veggie sausage, veggie haggis, mushrooms, tomatoes, potato scone, and eggs. (Did I leave anything out? I feel like I did. It was a lot of food.) Coffee was good, and the waitstaff kept the big carafes of ice water on our table full. I will never get tired of free ice water.A visit to Nobles is worth it for the stunning interior alone. Gorgeous old Victorian building, tiled floor, stained glass, leather couches, brass, ceramic, beautiful.They do a great job here of walking the line between cosy old pub and brunch destination du jour. They do a good list of brunch favourites with some more hearty and original dishes like shredded duck sandwiches and rabbit burgers. A couple of cask ales complement the decent on-tap beer selection. It's an excellent choice for a quiet drink or a stylish lunch.My standard brunch of eggs benedict and Bloody Mary was excellent. Not quite able to knock Treacle off the top spot but very good nonetheless. I'll be back to try some of their other choices and will certainly include it on my list of staging posts during weekend afternoon rambles around Leith.the plan was to go to brunch, but plans change and we ended up heading to nobles bar for a late lunch instead.  however, it was good to note that nobles serve their brunch menu until 4:30pm on sunday!! so anyone that wants some breakfast for lunch, this is definitely the place to go.  we entered the bar and it was comfortably busy for a sunday afternoon.  after checking with the bartender, we found our own seats and had menus brought over.  while brunch was on offer, i was more tempted by the awesome burgers they had on the menu.  i went for the black isle beef burger with blue cheese and mushrooms while the boy went for the rabbit burger with bacon and mushrooms.  it looked like they had a decent selection of beers on tap and in bottles along with a nice wine menu, however we just went for some soft drinks.while waiting for our food, it was nice to sort of sit and observe the bar.  it's a cool layout, with a big main area in front of the bar, but then a nice little raised bit that has cosy tables and little stools. we were sat in the raised bit and i think this gave us a little extra privacy as there was only one other party there and we had a whole corner to ourselves.  the stained glass above the doorway to the toilets is also really nice and i liked the candles in empty spirits bottles as well.food arrived and the burgers looks tremendous!!  a handmade beef patty encased in a nicely toasted bun with a good helping of tomato relish a whole portabello mushroom and melted blue cheese.  it was a very messy meal but the excellent burger was totally worth a well used napkin!!  the toppings combined perfectly and the beef patty was moist and very tasty.  and the hand cut chips...OMG!! these were actually some of the best chips i've had in awhile.  chunky with skins on and crispy, my glutton side wished there had been more on the plate!  my stomach thankful that there wasn't as this was a massive meal that certainly served as breakfast, lunch, and most of dinner.  my boyfriend was equally pleased with his rabbit burger which he throughly enjoyed although i did get to try a bite.after paying, we managed to roll ourselves out the door but i think after this initial first impression we will be back.  hopefully to try their brunch offerings next time as if the burgers were this good, i'm sure the brunch will be equally as delicious!I hadn't heard of Nobles until i reviewed it for Bite magazine earlier in the year and have to say, I've been back several times since.The menu has a great selection of seasonal dishes and is clearly all made fresh and with care.On a mission to find the best burgers in Edinburgh, i went for the Lothian rabbit burger with mustard mayo and gruyere (£9.95)  (our waiter's recommendation) while Sarah went for the Black Isle beef with tomato chutney (£8.95) option.The rabbit was well cooked and seasoned and the buns used were truly excellent.  I liked the way they didn't just fall apart under a river of grease and added to the dish, rather than just be a vehicle for the meat element.The gruyere added a slight nuttiness to the rabbit and the hand cut chips (you can also have fries) were equally as good as the burger.  Fluffy and light inside but nice and crisp on the outside, next time i'm in for a pint, I'll find it seriously hard to resist ordering a portion to nibble on.Sarah's burger was just as well made and seasoned and great value for the price compared to some other places that charge slightly more but don't deliver on the quality as much.Nobles is always spotlessly clean and a great place to sit and relax.Toppling Nobles in my best burger quest will be no mean feat.Writing this review seems to be troubling me. I don't think I can actually find fault with Nobles in anyway, but I also can't bring myself to give it 5 stars...It's a really cool bar, gorgeous stained glass everywhere. The bar serves a decent spread of everything, no claims of craft this or artisan that but definitely far from poorly stocked. The food here is bloody excellent. I was with my family a few weeks back and everyone loved their food. I had the pork burger and it was mad tasty. Clearly I have mad high standards for bars these days, because I really can't find anything I dislike about Nobles, but I appear not to have a huge amount to say.Brilliant brunch menu!Went for a breakfast hangover cure and Nobles definitely hit the mark! I opted for the Scottish breakfast, swayed by the Stornoway blackpudding and Findlays haggis this is a quality breakfast - cooked beautifully! My friends ate the steak sandwich (which looked lovely) and eggs Benedict & Florentine - poached eggs were amazing (something I am very fussy over!) We also went for a cheeky little bloody Mary -  when asked if they served this they said 'oh yes! we do a very nice bloody Mary!' - they were not wrong!All in all a great brunch! - friendly, obliging staff, pleasant interior with contemporary and traditional features, Nobles is a brilliant wee bar!A great pub in Leith. Fantastic scotch selection, great food, friendly staff. What's not to like :)I like this bar. Has the feel of somewhere traditional in terms of wood paneling and stained glass but with a contemporary twist with gastro food and beer.  It's an Edinburgh-wide favourite for brunch with an extensive range available all weekend. Full Scottish, Eggs Benedict, steak sandwich with chorizo and chili scrambled eggs a favourite of mine.   Improved beer selection in recent years with the mark of excellence being a Tempest tap (Long White Cloud etc) with good guest ales (Fallen, Cromarty etc).  Friendly enough staff. WiFi.Now this is what I'm talking about!It's bad that I've only ever been here twice, but from now on this will be the place I suggest- if I get a choice!They have a great selection of beers- my personal favourite is the inkie pinkie. And for only £2.30 per half pint I'd say that is a bargain worth having.They have really gone that extra mile with the interior. From comfy cushions all the way to one-of paintings on the wall, there's something for everyone.Definitely have to check this place out!I love paletas. I found this place through Yelp and loved what everyone said. I grew up in South Phoenix and I do remember the paleta carts rolling around. Since those aren't around I had to find an alternative. I do recommend this place however for me $3 / paleta is quite high. They used to be $1.  FYI: It's cash only.I tried the "Peach-Mint" and it was delicious. It has actual chunks of ripe peach in it ...I want to try the "Blackberry-Lavender" next ...Simple and quaint little shop around the corner from the main downtown chandler strip.  They make Paletas (popsicles) with real fruit and have a pretty interesting variety of flavors that seems to change quite often.The stuff is cheap, couple bucks each but oh so good.  Went with a group from Gangplank on one of our "let's go check out another small biz downtown" tours and I can say that I'm stoked to go back and try the other flavors.  Had the raspberry one and it was good... real good.I'll be back.This is a nice treat for pretty much anyone in your party. Fresh, tasty and simple treats that will satisfy your craving without setting you back 700 calories.If you are in downtown Chandler, you have to try these.Great Paletas! I had the Arroz con Leche, which tasted exactly like that. It was thick and creamy and not watered down. The rice was a little more crunchy than I'd like, but the flavor was great. The store was clean and the cashier ready, but they need to be a little more upfront about their product and more energetic. The stickers on the popsicles peel off! I think its a great marketing idea.Tasty treats in downtown Chandler!  I got the cucumber mint and it was soooo refreshing on a warm spring day.  My husband got the mango but ate it so fast that I didn't get a taste but he said it was like pure mango fruit that was frozen.  Delicious!  There were so many other flavors that sounded good, we will definitely be back.The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they only take cash.  Even though the paletas don't cost a lot, we live off our cards and rarely carry cash.  The other thing is that I wish that they had the nutritional information available.  I know they are healthy since they are all natural but still fruit has a lot of natural sugar in it that can be problematic for a diabetic or someone else with dietary restrictions.Very inviting atmosphere. I wanted to try all the flavors but I restrained the gluttonous side of me. I ate the one that tasted like banana fosters it was amazing. Great fresh flavor and texture. I'm a little cheap so I knocked it down to 4 stars because $ 3 is still a little steep for a popsicle.Lovely little shop in a quaint little part of old town Chandler. It was very clean and fresh inside and the paletas were simply delicious. Refreshing, fresh-tasting and definitely something special and out of the ordinary. We all tried different flavors (family of five) and each of us enjoyed our flavor of choice- mine was Pura Pina...YUM! The only downsides? They are a little pricey (though not unjustifiably so...these are handmade and unique and not your standard Good Humor fare) and they don't take cards...cash only. This was not a problem as I happened to have cash on hand, however, this is never the surprise you want to find when you happen to be without bills on a given day! Definitely worth a try! We will be back again!I've been wanting to try this place and am so glad we did! I had the arroz con leche, my daughter had the fresa con crema and my husband got the pina con chile. I LOVED all of them! Mine was cinnamon-y and had actual rice in it, my daughter's was creamy and delicious, and my husbands was refreshing but surprisingly spicy! I thought they were reasonably priced for what they were. Only reasons why I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because they only take cash and the available parking wasn't great. Plus, I wish it was in a better area where you might already be walking around, it would be perfect for an outdoor mall.Pineapple Chili is my favorite flavor...Well, it's actually the only one I've tried because I like it so much. It is so fresh with chunks of pineapple and flakes of chilies roasted in house. Its cool and refreshing with a zing of spice.Check it out if you are downtown Chandler.Perfect treat on a hot day!One lick and I'm hooked. These Popsicle are a real treat and the spicy kick seals the deal. After lunching with fellow yelper Anna M, she took me on a tour of Downtown Chandler. As we browsed the adorable shops in the corridor, my sweet tooth kicked in so Anna introduced me to Paletas. I had heard about these Mexican Popsicles but I'd never actually tasted one. We walked inside and I was pleased with the fresh and clean decor. The menu was extensive which is bad for someone like me who has menu anxiety. But the owner was extremely friendly and happily explained each flavor in depth. After pondering my choice, I decided to go with the pineapple and raspberry combination, two of my favorite flavors! The choice was right on! It was refreshing, fruity, fresh and just the right way to cool down on this hot 112 degree day. I can't wait to come back and try the chocolate, banana fosters and all the other flavors. Plus, they are about to open a location up on Mill! I feel like these Popsicles are going to be the next big thing and I'll be first in line!We went far out of our way to go to this frozen treats shop, and glad we did.  Not only were the paletas wonderful, but the store is located in an attractive village-type area in downtown Chandler. There were plenty of restaurants and interesting boutiques.  Betty was out of the mango with chile flavor, so I bought the "pure mango".  My husband settled for Mexican chocolate.  He is pretty darn picky, so I was surprised when he said how good it was.  The hint of cinnamon and spice that gave the chocolate a bit of a zing made it a memorable taste treat.  The mango was delicious and included just the right amount of small fruit chunks.The only reason I didn't give this shop the full 5 points is that the interior is pretty stark, not very warm and inviting.  However, kudos to whoever designed the business car and logo. It was appealing, distinctive, and colorful front and back.  The store needs to incorporate the color scheme on walls and furnishings.I went to this place last friday as I got a wonderful Groupon now deal... 1$ for 10$. Sweet! The place is very cute and I appreciate that they make all of the paletas in house and use fresh ingredients. We got an orange creamsicle, nuez (pecan), arroz con leche, and banana/rum one. Some were better than others... the BF loved the orange and I thought the nuez was excellent. The banana was not as awesome as I expected, but it was still good. The arroz con leche was also good, but not my fave. The paletas are super cute, with a little 'bite' taken out of each one. They are affordable and you can get a few and keep them in your freezer. I'll definitely be back.We came here with some friends who love this place. We're not huge huge sweet people, but I enjoyed trying it. I love the variety of flavors they have on their menu. In the last month and a half, we've been there about 2 times and have only tried 2. (Again, neither I nor my husband can really finish a whole popsicle.) The first time we tried the limon - it's kinda like key lime pie. With half of it having the really really tart lemon taste and the other half made of graham crackers. My husband likes the tartness, but for me it was too much. I liked the "crust" part. The second time we came we tried the limon amarillo. That was very good. Very refreshing. It's not too tart. Has a good balance of sweet and tart. That's been my favorite so far. We've always come late in the evening and it's pretty chill there. There's not a lot of seating, but has always been sufficient for the groups that we've gone with. I also like that they have free water with lime, lemon, or orange in it. When the weather warms up again, I'll look forward to trying some other flavors. Also, I think the groupon deals are helpful. I'm not sure if I would come that often if I were just paying regular price. But we'll see what comes when it gets warmer!My kids thoroughly enjoyed having dessert here.  I am not too big on desserts, but the paletas they serve there tastes as natural as can be..  It's a pretty healthy alternative to to other desserts.  Paletas Betty has a great selection of flavors.  I rather enjoy that they have a rotating menu.Their facility is simple and clean.  The kids and I will be coming here a lot as the temperature skyrockets.Went here one night after searching yelp for some form of late night ice cream. I walked in close to closing time and the girl working behind the freezers was super helpful when I said, "I have no clue what you guys are, but I want to buy something." After hearing the sales pitch, I purchased a mango flavored Popsicle. I proceeded to wolf that down because it tasted SO GOOD. If I'm down in Chandler, I'll be coming back.Got to enjoy the Zarzamora and Fresas con Crema at the Mcdowell Mountain Music Festival. A nice refreshing treat between bands.  Glad that they set up as one of the vendors for the festival.  Love the signature trade mark of a fake bite out of the popI stopped by today to get a key lime bar, but it was sold out.  I decided to go with the Pineapple/Raspberry.  My first impressions: the product is high quality, very tasty, and survived a 7 minute ride home in 106 degrees (my vehicle's AC is lacking).  The staff was attentive, friendly, and informative.  There is a branded sticker on the wrapper, and my daughter wanted it for the back of her phone.They do have another location in Tempe, but if you are familiar with Porkopolis, at the north-east corner of Arizona and Willis, you'll be able to find Paletas Betty there as well.The only reason I didn't award 5 stars, was the price.  $3.04 including tax, seems just a bit steep, but you do get what you pay for.  I'll pay it to try the key lime bar...Great popsicles for sure!  I think the price is a little steep as well (about $3), but they are very good and taste fresh.  I have had about 4 different flavors.  The fresas con crema (strawberries and cream), as well as the Mango were both delicious.  I had one that had pecans in it and there were way too many for my liking.  The peaches and mint was pretty good, but too much mint as well.  Overall, I think their product is great, but those two things (cost and some flavor combos) have me give it 4 stars.After eating a hearty Korean BBQ lunch, we all wanted something sweet and light . Our friend, recommended Paletas Betty, which my eyes lit up at  the moment  he said "Paletas". I've never had the chance to try paletas,so today was perfect for it.The store is spare and modern with pops of color accents, which instantly drew me in. As a chocolate lover, I chose the chocolate, which is a take on Mexican hot chocolate and spices. Wow, it's just like eating frozen hot chocolate on a stick. My husband chose the Mango con Chili and by the time I turned around to have a taste, it was gone! My other cohorts chose different flavors, but overall, everyone raved about their paletas.  Because we are all pigs, we decided to go for round #2, with different flavors this time around. I was nothing but happy and pleased with my choice of the mango and chili. I think if we hadn't eaten lunch before our dessert, we most likely would have attempted round #3.This place is now a favorite of mine and will make time and effort to go back again, and again, and again...This place is wonderful. The people working there are always friendly. I have tried several flavors and have enjoyed them all. The pecan flavored one and the rice pudding are my favorites!!The Coco is my favorite! Pure coconut- not too sweet, very refreshing! Definitely a great compliment to the other businesses in the area.I think i have yelped their other location on Mill.This one is exponentially better because there are no crazies or drunk college students here. YAY!I normally get pretty standard flavors here. Nothing fancy. I got the naranja and my wife the coconut (don't know the name of that one). They were good as we knew they would be and expected them to be.They have stickers all over their wall that you can slap one up there. mine is the upside down one on the speaker.After a long day outside in the AZ heat, this was just the thing I needed to cool down and relax. The store is quaint, but very clean and comfortable. There are paintings on both sides of the walls which I thought was cute. It's great that fresh popsicles without any artificial ingredients or preservitives exist these days. I really wanted to try the arroz con leche since it seems to be very popular, but sadly it wasn't being sold that day. They sell seasonal items which I think is awesome. I decided on the Limon(Key Lime Pie) which was good, but not spectacular. It's very sweet, and tart which I didn't like. The popsicle has homemade graham cracker crust on one side of it, which made it taste way better. If there was no crust, I probably couldn't stand the sweetness of the popsicle. Although I wasn't very satisfied with the flavor I chose, I will definitely go again to try other flavors!This place is pretty neat.  Nestled in the heart of historic downtown Chandler. Paletas Betty have a great selection of frozen deserts.  My favorite being the pineapple con chile popsicle, its the pefect treat on these hot summer days!  A definite must try!Not a big fan of Popsicles however I will say these are pretty amazing. Had the cucumber with mint and it tastes like a cross between Yoplait lime yogurt and sugarcane. Loved it! Family loved it too.

* Discount coupons provided at check-in to encourage guests to stay on premises.

Poor guy was so traumatized he picked out a queen high rise plus a twin.

- pickled vegables, tasty and interesting

Normal rooms

Longbone chopToffee pudding

A bar

I found the rooms a bit dated but very clean, well organized and the iron/ ironing board is great.  The queen size bed was fine for two big guys.  The towels a bit skimpy and scratchy.

The basic size (with extra shot....always get that extra shot!) will make you feel good and you don't have to worry about forcing yourself to gag down hot, melted, rum, sugar sludge when you get to the bottom. There's just too much dang sugar in those huge yard-long drinks. Only get one if you intend to recycle it and MacGuyver it into a bong later on.This place is pretty awesome...I really like the pina colada but the hurricane is pretty good too.  I have tried the strawberry daquiri but it is just too sugary.Note: if you want the hurricane, I'm pretty sure this Fat Tuesday uses crappy 151 but the Fat Tuesday in the Forum shops uses Bacardi...so keep that in mind.Half of the time there is a LONG line and half of the time it's empty.  If there's a line, I usually just come back later.I try to write reviews on establishments based on what they try to be.

The other one with the seafood was very tasty as well, but had a more creamy, fresh taste, which actually reminded me a little of the flavor one will get when eating a soup with coconut milk in it, making the dish quite the oppsite of mine.We ordered some cold Saki, were very well taken care of by the friendly and efficient wait staff, while we chatted away.  We ended up paying about 45 dollars each, (including tax and generous tip), which was quite reasonable given that almost half the bill was for the bottle of Sake,  I am happily adding this to the must tell people to try list, so enjoy.Delicious broth and gyoza,  generous portions and cheap prices.   What more could you want from a ramen restaurant?Sympathique endroit pour un bon ramen et takoyaki.Les ramens sont bien, ce n'est pas les meilleurs, mais nous ne sommes pas au Japon non plus. Il y a plusieurs variations aux choix ; bouillons, nouilles, viandes, etc.Il y a d'autres plats que du ramen, mais j'y vais toujours que pour ça. J'aime accompagner mon plat avec des takoyakis. Une sorte de boule de pâte frite avec des morceaux de poulpe/pieuvre) ou des croquettes. C'est comme une mccroquette, mais avec des patates, des légumes et de la viande hachée (très peu ici).Pour le prix, j'aime bien. C'est raisonnable et agréable. C'est un restau style salle à manger, mais jamais trop bruyant.Mais, on ne saura jamais sans essayer sois-même !I'm always on the hunt for delicious Japanese foodz, whether it's in my home cities - Boston and Montreal or when I'm on a day trip to New York City, or touring through the  West Coast; though I'm quite satisfied with my sushi and yakitori finds, I always felt a lack of great ramen-ness in my Japanese food experience. Though I cannot comment on its authenticity, since I don't consider myself a ramen expert. A bowl of sizzling hot and spicy volcano ramen at Sumo is delicious and satisfying. The menu is comprised picking your choice of noodle, soup and then 'toppings'. I took the volcano soup (spiciest on the menu, naturally) with ground pork, topped with scallions and seaweed, and being Chinese, I committed the sin of taking Chinese noodles in ramen. I love the flavor of the broth, intense but not overly rich and the perfect spiciness is numbing and warms the heart (perfect for a winter day in Montreal). The noodles are delicious, perfect texture and consistency. I quickly gobbled down the whole (giant) bowl of noodles.I thought the ramen prices were reasonable, but other appetizers (i.e. yakitori) seems rather expensive for the portions. Overall, it was a yummy experience for me and I'll be back for more.I often run-into here for a quick ramen fix when I'm in the area walking around in the cold. Service is fast and attentive. I've tried two different types of ramen and both weekend delish. Everything else on the menu looks really good too but the ramen portions are big so i never got the chance to try anything else on the menu.Sumo Ramen was a pretty good experience- I had never been to a place that sold solely ramen until I went there.The server was very nice and friendly. He made suggestions for appetizers. We decided on octopus balls. I've never had those either until then. They were pretty good!The ramen is also very good. It was a bit blend for me but they do have sauces on the table for extra taste to it.Why people find this place bad? I rather like it. The price isn't pho cheap but it's worth what it is. It's one of my fav place in china town and it's very clean. Service is good enough.Awesome ramen soups! Cheap, nothing too fancy but really tasty! The raviolis are ok but nothing to die for. Udon noodles and pepper broth are really good. Its a really nice spot for lunch or quick dinner. Cheap and spicy!!Love.first time i went it was good but the service was a little slow but now it's better i recommand for all japanese food lovers to go there :)Many choices of ramen ! Their apetizers are also very good :) My favourites are the beef stew ramen and the cha chu pork apetizer. Good size and they take cards. The only reason why I do not give them 5 stars is because of the service... I always get the same waitress who has a bad attitudeContrary to other comments, the service I had was good! Prompt, friendly service - what more could I ask for? The food was delicious. We tried the pork belly steamed bun and the grilled chicken steamed bun - they were served hot. The meat was melt-in-your-mouth tender. The steamed buns were a win! I ordered the Kimchee Ramen with shoyu broth, handmade ramen noodles and Chashu pork - the pork was so tender and so good. The broth was flavorful and the portion was generous. I will be back!I'll admit it. I came here because Naruto likes ramen and I've rarely had it outside those really cheap bags of noodles you boil when you're in college. Or at work for lunch. I was a solo lunch diner, as I had dipped out of a conference for some better food than the conference center was offering. This place delivered. It was clean and the service was FAST. The ramen was delicious, and the recommendation of the server was spot on. Decor was modern and had several nods to anime. If I lived in the area I would probably be back here. Naruto was right, ramen is yummy!While this wasn't the best ramen that I've ever had, Sumo Ramen definitely deserves major props for being one of the only restaurants to be open for lunch on Christmas Eve in Montreal. After getting turned away by at least a dozen other restaurants, my family and I were more than grateful that we finally stumbled upon this little ramen place that was actually open (Pro Tip: don't trust Open Table when booking reservations in Montreal--we made so many reservations at places that were supposedly open, but in actuality, were not GRRR). I ordered the Kimchi Ramen, which was definitely tasty, but not mind-blowing, like ramen I've had at some other places. I got the combo, which included a soft drink and a side--the takoyaki octopus balls--but was still hungry after. I definitely thought the portions could have been bigger. The flavor was definitely there in the soup, but the ramen itself could have been tastier. While my ramen was good, my brother's Volcano Poutine was better. The fries were crunchy and flavorful on their own, so when topped with the gravy, seaweed, Sriracha and cheese, they only became better. I was skeptical about how good an Asian-inspired poutine could be, but I shouldn't have been, because it was delicious.I was definitely initially deterred from coming to Sumo Ramen because of the 3-star rating, but I'm glad my family and I stopped by for lunch on Christmas Eve. Thanks again for actually being open and for feeding this lot of ravenous Asians, Sumo Ramen!Very good Ramen with lots of unique meat options (spicy beef was good).. However I was really looking forward to the volcano Poutine however the 1007 upstairs location doesn't have this.. Some other location owned by the same owners does? Shucks..Easy dining on a week night with a friend. Good spot for conversation and relaxation. Lots of ramen options. It's not the best I've ever had, but it was very tasty with fresh ingredients, and I would return. The dumplings were also very good.If you are looking for a good ramen noodle experience in Montreal's Chinatown, I highly recommend Sumo Ramen. I had the wanton ramen in spicy hot pepper broth which I found flavorful and absolutely satisfying. The Imperial Rolls were quite good as was the dipping sauce they were served with. I wouldn't hesitate to return and try some of their other menu selections on a future visit to Montreal.Are you a fan of 80's Hong Kong action films? I sure am. What I like the most about them is without a doubt the fact that they kick ASS. Wanna know what else kicks as much (if more) ass? This god damn joint. I ordered ramen with grilled chicken. It came under 10 minutes. The service was quick and professional.The food itself is GREAT. The ramen were delicious and the bouillon was so creamy and tasty that I almost felt like slurping the bowl. The chicken was also good. well-cooked and well-seasoned. If you're looking for a good ramen spot in chinatown, look no further, friends.Satisfying food and pretty authentic (recently got back from a month in Japan). I was pleasantly surprised to discover that they had okonomiyaki and that it was good! I wish it was bigger though, I miss the Japanese size. This one was more of an appetizer. The ramen was filling, thankfully not too salty and flavourful. I am so happy to have found this spot. Yum!At Skyharbor, the car rental agencies have been combined into one gigantic off-site location. They are housed in an opulent palacial estate at the margin of the airport. A number of shuttle buses stand ready at the terminal exits to whisk you away to this monument of temporary automobile ownership. Suffice it to say, the place is huge. Most rental places that I go to seem to be housed in tin shacks that look like they could double as a mobile home. Considering its' size, I assumed that some sort of politician must have gathered the money to build this edifice: I searched for an Ozymandias-type poem at the entrance, but sadly could not find it. Yet, the place does run smoothly; from the quick shuttles to the numerous employees at the counter, they will have you off and away in a matter of minutes. I will hand it to Thrifty, they were renting economy cars at a $15/day rate that beat all of their competitors. A rental car for the same price that you may pay for lunch isn't a bad deal. Be wary of the typical mark-ups (e.g. if the tank isn't full, they will charge you over $7/gallon to refill, etc.)They have all the cars for the different agencies stored on the level below: a mixture of escalators and signs will guide you to the appropriate part of the cavernous storage floor. In the storage area, the staff were housed in small metal shacks ("now that's more like it") but were also quick and efficient. I had the keys to my quasi-stylish Chevy Aveo in moments and was rolling off the ramp onto I-10. As far as rental return, this is close to as easy as you get. Anywhere within a short distance of the return hall has a blizzard of signs pointing you in the correct direction. There are so many signs that I was looking for a pamphlet that had some sort of bizarre factoid like "more steel was used in the signs to the Skyharbor Rental Return than in the entire Empire State Building" or something of that sort. Again, I could not find such a thing (although I'm convinced it's true).These signs will guide you back to the rental return floor where you will use the reverse escalators to take you back to the mammoth greeting hall. Shuttles will once again take you back to Skyharbor for your return flight. Now, they have three separate terminals (2,3 and 4) which are both color-coded as well as identified with desert type creatures (e.g. one is "roadrunner" another something like "gecko", etc.). I'm not sure why you'd correlate "roadrunner" with terminal three (or was it four?), but you can always ask the helpful drivers: they know which flights go to which terminals.No problems here. Car choice was pretty good, no lines, out in 8 minutes. On return charges were EXACTLY as quoted online. To the penny.As with everything, Arizona has to be different, so instead of the usual airport car rental setup, all agencies renting out of Sky Harbor are in this monstrous rental car facility that's akin to a giant parking garage, and like everything in Phoenix, it's spread way far away from the airport. Hop on a car rental bus and head over to this terminal of automobiles to claim your car. Thrifty has always been fairly quick and efficient, and on the Friday I arrived, the office wasn't busy at all. I was able to get to my car and on the road right quick. But not without passing through some tough-but-friendly security on the way out of the facility. I guess it's that way because some of the rental companies just let you pick your own car from a bank of autos. I do find this cool - getting to choose my vehicle from a set of available cars. The Ford Fusion SEL with stereo device hookup was plenty of car for the $16/day rate I scored, and to top it off, the fill-in-advance offering was only about $.20/gal more than your average local station. Not feeling ripped at all. Return process was pretty quick as well. It was much busier, for some reason, on the Thursday afternoon I was departing than the Friday evening I was arriving, but they got my car checked in right quick. Overall, solid service. The car I rented could have been a little more clean, but at the rate, I was fine with it. And I guess I could have always checked in other available cars to see if there was a cleaner one.  Oh well. Lazy happens.After piss poor customer service from Advantage my husband and I were becoming desperate to find a rental car for my husband to drive to see his son for Father's Day. Not only did Abdi (I think that was his name) come through with great customer service, he worked with us to get the best deal for 2 days.

~~~~~

All of our entrees were delicious. The special of the evening was a lamb shank cooked in a tomato sauce served with green beans, The meat fell from the bone and was fairly tasty. I thought the sauce could have been more generously seasoned. One of my companions had a salmon dish which she really loved. She had it with rice and salad. Also served was the spinach pie. Four nice sized squares of golden brown stuffed phyllo dough. The filling was light and delicious. I love to cook but this is not something I would make at home. I plan to order this the next time I return.....That is if I can hold myself back from ordering the Moussaka. I had eaten this lovely dish before at The Nile and I refused to order anything else. The eggplant is so well seasoned, a bit spicy and topped with an ooey-gooey cheese that is held under a flame to create a slight crust. This was also served with rice.We left the restaurant with full tummies and a doggie bag. I just ate my eggplant for lunch and it tasted even better the second time around!I love this place. Excellent vegetarian and vegan options. I'm partial to the spinach pie (which is surprisingly vegan) and vegetarian platter with hummus, falafel and grape leaves (which are the best in Madison in my opinion).The only negative to this'd place is that the service can be very slow at times. I've come at off hours when we're the only ones there and it takes too long to even get our waters.This Mediterranean restaurant was amazing.  Our waiter was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the food.  We ordered the fattoush salad, which was pretty good.  We thought it was a bit sour, but still enjoyable. With that came pita bread with this amazing dip - olive oil with spices and sesame seeds.  I have no clue what was in that but it was simply divine!  My future mother-in-law wanted Majadra but the menu didn't have it.  When asked, the waiter said that they didn't have this dish because not a lot of people enjoyed the garlic sauce that came with it (who doesn't like garlic?!?!?!!) but he did recommend a dish that was very similar to the Majadra, which she very much enjoyed. She also ordered the Split Pea soup, which she said was delicious. My future father-in-law ordered the Egyptian Canneloni, which was very tasty, a bit too much cheese for me (but I have high cholesterol so I can't enjoy those types of dishes too much), but the taste I had, put atop a piece of pita bread was delicious. The accompanying Lentil soup he ordered was quite enjoyable as well. My fiance ordered the Musakka with Bechamel, which again, amazing.  I ordered the Spinach Pie, my first time, and was impressed with the melody of flavors.  We didn't get dessert because we were satisfying full after the appetizers. THe water is flavored with orange-blossom flowers. A very pleasant surprise.The atmosphere was casual and intimate, which was great.  I would come back to eat here.Four stars for the amazing food. The fifth star not given for the price.Ok, so I've been dining here for awhile. I almost always go around lunch time. They're almost always dead. Either my group is the only group or there's only one other. It's sad, because they're really good. More people need to know about this place. I've tried spreading the word, but my friends never seem to be interested in checking it out. I've only gotten a few people to eat here, but when they do they're hooked!I wish I could remember the first sandwich I got here. I keep trying to figure it out, but I never have been able to. It was easily one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Every other sandwich has been fantastic, so my exploration of the menu hasn't been a bad one.One of my favorite things here is the rose or lavender water, depending on the day. I love it so much. I had to go out and get a bottle of rose water so that I could have it at home.The look of the place is great. I envy the fancy section that seems to be closed off during the day. I would love to be able come back here some time for the belly dancing, but I always end up going to the hookah lounge.Great food .. quick service .. ordered falafel and grill mix for two .. lots of food .. fresh off the grill .. and hummus comes with it which was a plus .. Will definitely come back here n bring more friendsVery good, period. Visiting from NM and having grown up in Detroit, it's fair for me say I certainly know good middle-eastern food from bad. The pea soup was excellent. The hummus was also very good. I had the center cut lamb chops and a skewer of shrimp, also excellent. My only very small observation was the pita bread. I prefer the smaller freshly naked square pockets verses the heavier style they serve. Not a deal breaker - just what I'm use to from Detroit. I'd go back here in a heartbeat and I sincerely recommend the Nile as well.The dip they gave us at the beginning of the meal to dip our pita in was amazing! We all loved it! The workers were friendly, asked how our meal was! Loved the falafel, which isn't hard because it is my favorite food! Would defiantly suggest this place! My boyfriend loved his lentil soup and Schwartz and my mom throughly enjoyed her lamb!Good as fuck mediterranean food, especially the hummus. A bit expensive for what you are getting. Fast service. There is a reason the service is fast: it's a fucking ghost town. I have never seen more than 1/3 of the restaurant filled. I don't know how they manage to stay in business but it's fine by me as long as they keep pumping out the falafels.I am not optimistic about this location, since I was a fan of the previous occupant as well (an Indian restaurant), which obviously didn't survive. The interior is unremarkable, but I can't say the same about the food! Their hummus is fantastic, as is their falafel and lentil soup. For lunch, my favorite thing is the kefta kabob, which comes with hummus, rice, and grilled vegetables. Delish! Mohammed et al. are very courteous, and, when I have ordered takeout, the orders have always been completed promptly. I hope this place makes it. After all, where else can you tell a dining partner to meet you "in de Nile"? Go ahead. Say it out loud. You'll get it.It was a rainy day and my mother and I were starving. I checked yelp to see what we were nearby that was good. The Nile showed up right next to where we were. It was Mediterranean and super close by. When we got there the place was open but empty. The server was eating at one of the tables , I think we might've interrupted his lunch. Once he saw that we were entering he quickly sat us and quickly took our order. Everything was very quick. The hummus was yummy. I had never heard of Egyptian cannoli so I had to try it. It was phenomenal! While the service was decent, it kind of felt like he was trying to rush us out of there. I would definitely go back as the food was fantastic!Food is good and fresh but kind of over priced. $5.50 for a tiny plate of hummus with one piece of pita cut up is a bit extreme. The average cost of making hummus in bulk is around $0.95. Fill the plate up. Expect dinner prices to be between $12-22. Vegetarian dishes are all $11.95 and are quite filling, but I'd have loved to try the lamb or chicken. $16.95 a plate is just a bit much, if the vegetarian portions are anything to judge off of. We were the only two diners, which was slightly daunting, but we did come in right between the lunch and dinner rush, around 3:30-4pm. So service was good. All in all I'd return, but we came under the expectation that the price would be lower. On yelp it shows as $$ when realistically it's closer to $$$. However, that's a yelp problem, not the restaurant. Plates between $11-$30 are not 2 dollar signs. Their reasonable price and mine differ greatly.With one of my favorite restaurants being Kabul downtown, I was slightly skeptical of coming to another Mediterranean place. However, The Nile quickly eliminated any lingering doubts. I had the Chicken Shawirma, and the combination of flavors was amazing. Also, the Spinach Lentil soup was one of the best soups I've ever had! I will definitely be coming back!Great service, Vegetarian plate was nice portion. We both ordered so we could choose all options.  We liked all items. The Grape Leaves were different than what we are accustomed to.  The had a bit of tomato in them which made them a little mushy. Flavor was still good. Both lentil soups were delicious. We will be back!Excelent mediterranean food  A friend from Egipt recommended me this restaurant. The flavors and foods is very good.I recommend "the mix" is a combination of different kind of beefFresh food, decent prices, and decently sized portions. Went here one Saturday afternoon late and no one else was there. The waiter was friendly. We got a tabouleh salad with chicken and a few appetizers. The salad was large and fresh tasting. The apps were a bit overpriced for what they were.I adore everything about this restaurant. I came here the other day with my parents, and everything was amazing.To start off, the decor of The Nile is adorable and fits with the theme of the restaurant. The baba ghanoush is superb as well as their hummus.The Nile also has a great variety of foods for every bodies dietary needs. They have seafood and meat to vegetarian options.The service was also top notch. My parents and I felt extremely taken care of. This is the best place for middle eastern food in madisonAte here for the first time today. Our waiter was extremely friendly and was helpful in guiding the menu. Food was good, nice and hot. I will be back again.I would have never thought to pull into this strip mall in search of food. Thank goodness for Yelp! The selection was great with moderate prices and the flavors were fantastic! The hummus and baba ganoush are toddler approved and we loved the Egyptian crepe (so rich...impossible to finish the whole thing). Very nice service, quiet, comfy atmosphere, and generous portions. We will be back.We were a party of five. Had the mix grill for four and there was plenty to eat. The lamb, beef and shrimp kebab were very juicy and good. The chicken kebab was a bit dry. The hummus, red pepper and baba ganush was awesome. The service was wonderful as well. We had the rice pudding and it was a distinct flavor. Orange blossom and rose water!!!!I went here for lunch with co-workers and the food was very good. I had the falafel sandwich and ordered a bowl of the Egyptian lentil soup. The soup was wonderful, creamy and flavorful. The sandwich was very good, but it could have had a side of tahini or some additional dressing.Surprisingly good. I had the Shawirma and my vegan brother had some manner of vegetarian combo. I found the Shawirma to be very flavorful, and the two of us agreed that the dipping sauce they had--whatever it was, something with sesame?--was really good. Brother also generally favored the food, although he preferred his lentil soup on the spicy side rather than the sour side.Food is definitely their strong point. I get mixed messages from their image. Their website seems to have been taken over by a URL parker. The menu has typos in dish names and fails to specify important things about dishes like the fact that you could order the Shawirma with chicken or beef. I went to use the bathroom, and the waiter apologized for the fact that they hadn't totally gotten everything set up yet an hour after opening time (to be fair, it was New Year's Day) and stumbled around to turn on the lights in a dark hallway leading to the bathroom.I'm all for hole-in-the-wall restaurants, but entrees with meat run at about $17 here, and little appetizer plates are about $6.... I'd come again with my brother for the food, but probably wouldn't choose this place if I'm eating with anyone less dorky than my brother.Best gyro in madison. Who would have thought... I havent been here in awhile. I need to check back in.Love the hummus...Really yummy food!  We had the Mixed Grill for two and really enjoyed it!  The hummus was very tasty.  It's not five star because of the service. A smile everyone once in awhile would have gone a long way. But the food was good enough that we'll be back!Place just opened not to long ago, Wife and I wanted something simple, so we tried quite a few things! I had their Italian Beef sandwich, it was very tasty, nice cut on the beef and you have a options with hot peppers or sweet peppers, I tried it with the sweet so my wife can try it. One of the best sandwich I have had for a very long time. Wife had their cheeseburger, this was also very good, Then we shared their hot dog, its a Vienna beef dog, served on a kysor bun. Place is a Chicago style food joint, which I am not very accustom to, but what ever it is, it's very good. We will diffidently eat here often.Very good Chicago dog.I've read several reviews of this place and others and I'm getting mighty tired of people from Chicago or New York or wherever blasting local restaurants because they don't have "authentic" food from their home town; pizza, hotdogs or whatever. This is PHOENIX. It's not Chicago. It's not New York. It's not St Paul, Minnesota (although for half the freakin' year it's hard to believe that last one). If you want authentic stuff from your home town then why the heck did you move here? I'm an Aussie and I never shoot places down simply because the hamburgers and fries don't taste like what I grew up with. If I don't like the food I say so. If I don't like the restaurant or service I say so, and vice versa. If only people could judge based on the individual pros or cons of restaurants and their ~local~ competition, and not some rose-coloured memory they have of sometime years ago or someplace three thousand miles away, things would be a lot fairer. Plus, this is a HOT DOG place, not some haute cuisine dining establishment! Exactly how different do Chicago buns or pickles taste?! If I maintained this same philosophy, every single Indian restaurant I've eaten at in Phoenix would get a single star rating. See how this works?Rant over. Went here for dinner the other night, arrived at just after 6pm. A lady with iridescent blue eyes greeted us and was very friendly in discussing the different options. Truth to tell, there aren't many - Chicago Style, one or two other styles, and a kids menu with three or four combo options. The lady noticed our toddler and said that if he sat on the other side of the table she would turn cartoons on for him on one of the tellys. We ordered our stuff and out it came in a few minutes. First plus were the fries. If you've read my talk thread here (http://j.mp/ovV41z) you'll know how I feel about crispy fries. Props to this place for serving actually fresh fries (albeit with the skin on). Yes, they were a bit oily - you get that when fries are fried in oil. Yes, they were a bit soggy - you get that when fries aren't pre-processed by blanching. These fries are what you get when 1) you chop a potato and 2) fry it thereafter. Try it sometime. Go to In-N-Out, same thing. If you want crispy fries, go somewhere else. Me, I could have eaten them all. day. long.Hotdogs were okay - it was my first go at Chicago style. I got two. Pickle, tomato was fine. The relish was sort of a bright fluorescent green - bizarre, but tasted ok. I didn't get the sport peppers as I had had jalapeno for lunch. One mistake was to forget to ask for no celery salt - I hate the taste of celery and the salt spoiled the dogs for me. I wiped off what I could. Still finished both. The wife enjoyed hers. She had a tray of chili fries - very good indeed. The kid wolfed down his dog and half his fries, as expected.All in all, a great meal. I was checking in on Yelp when the wife told me that they had already closed. Sure as shinola it was after 7. I read on their facebook page that they're planning to stay open a little longer. 7pm shutdown is definitely way too early and puts this place dangerously close to White Eagle IMO in terms of stupid business hour planning. But, 6pm is fine for us for a family dinner and it's not like we got bounced out at closing time. Anyone looking to have dinner later, just stand in front of this place and then turn your heads left and right. Several options. You know, or else just move back to Chicago where everything is so much better.I would have given this place a solid 3 star average, but it nosed up to 4 due to the thoughtfulness of the counter gal and the quality of the fries. Screw authentic, the food was good. And now I've half a mind to go eat at Portillo's in Chicago and then slam it on Yelp because the hotdogs didn't taste like the dogs I ate back in Phoenix. Oh wait, I said rant over, didn't I? (sips peppermint tea expressionlessly)I love the hot dogs at this place. I wish they had crinkle cut fries but the hot dog is actually better than Portillo's which is my favorite back in Chicago. So glad this place opened so I can get my fix!I thought this place was pretty darn good. My wife and I happened to stop in on the way to Phoenix to get a quick bite to eat. The employees (I think the owners) were very friendly and helpful.I thought the food was great. Didn't have the "limp" fry issue that some have mentioned. Everything seemed fresh and not like it was sitting under a heat lamp for hours. I should mention that I've never had a "Chicago style" hot dog before, but if what they serve in Fran N Steins is a good example, count me as a fan.Been awhile since I ate a great hotdog. Reminded me when i was in Chicago and took a bite, I was like OMG WTF THIS IS AWESOME. I'm definitely coming back here. Be sure to grab a Chicago style hotdog, you won't regret it.Just good Chicago foods! Great Chicago Dogs and Italian Beef (make sure you get it dipped)...We were so sorry you closed, we really miss your terrific dog's and great fries!!I attended a free class and absolutely felt challenged but I loved it!  The monthly price is not in my budget today, but there is a new customer special that I will probably take advantage.My only gripe is that the music is a little more in line with the up-beat rhythm of the workout.Had a good experience at the private barre class that my friends and I went to. Sara was our instructor and she did a fabulous job! I would definitely recommend the place to people who live close by! Just be ready for a tough leg workout!!!I've been lifting, toning and burning at Pure Barre Phoenix for almost three months. My initial experience/impression was, this is so challenging? Why can't I figure out which muscle I'm supposed to be working? Why can't I look like that slim leggy gal (15 years my junior) in my activewear? (Not going to happen. I'm petite. I've got a mom body.) I asked questions. If I'm doing something wrong, the instructors adjust my form. The instructors are so nice, so encouraging, so fit, and flexible. I'm in awe. I'm super motivated to stretch a little longer, drop a little deeper. The atmosphere of the workout studio is very franchise/corporate. (I don't mind the beige paint, black & white photos, but sometimes I need something else to look at while I'm internally cursing the quick tempo.) I attend about 4 classes a week and appreciate that while the first 5-10 minutes are the same, the instructors really mix up the workout. I am stronger. I am more flexible. I've got noticeable definition in my arms, abs, and legs. If you can take a "breaking down the barre" class, do it. I had a couple breakthroughs at the class I took last weekend.Cant pass up on a double shot lattè & a linzer biscuit! Seating is very cramped though, so its 4/5 for this one...Came here with my husband for dinner while looking into the latest joint in town,Tivoli Village.

Food: 4/5

Great place to grab a quick snack before a show or even a fun date night.I almost forgot, check out their deal on Groupon too!I was given a groupon for the ELF, so we ordered a large cheese and small dessert. The food was a great value and the owners were really nice!!! We will come back for sure!!!!Came in for lunch with my family. Had the Large (Swiss) Cheese for $18.99 with bread, a large pretzel, cauliflower, salami, apples, and a drink. It took about 20 minutes to prepare which seemed slightly long since the restaurant wasn't busy, but everything was good. We also had the Small Dessert with white chocolate, pineapple, bananas, and apples. In my opinion the portion size for dessert was more generous than lunch. The owners were super friendly. The place is clean but needs a TV or something fun to look at, as it is a bit bare. We will be back because the kids liked it a lot and it sure is less expensive than other fondue restaurants.I have seriously mixed feelings about this place, so I am going to separate the good from the not so good and give an explanation for my rating. A little background: I came here with my 4 year old son and 11 year old daughter. We got the large cheddar cheese with a pretzel, focaccia/French bread, broccoli, cauliflower, and ham. For dessert, we got a medium milk chocolate with marshmallows, Rice Krispie treats, strawberries, and apples.The good: My son says he loves this place "as big as the sky." The chocolate "fondue" is delicious. Like really, really delicious. The fruit was really fresh and delicious as well. My kids and I all genuinely loved the dessert, even though my daughter didn't eat the chocolate. The large soft pretzel was hot,fresh, and really good as well. The not so good: The cheese was pretty bland. Like, almost tasteless. The bread was also a little stale, but super fresh bread would have been hard to work with. I think a better solution would be really crusty French bread. The veggies were raw, which was fine, but it would have been a lot better had they been very lightly steamed. The service was also pretty slow, but they were busy and it's a locally owned mom and pop place. We were in no hurry so it didn't impact my rating at all, but it's worth noting in case someone else is in a hurry.I struggled with how to rate this place because I didn't really like the savory part, but I reeeeally loved the dessert. I also have to take into account that my 4 year old loved every part of it. My 11 year old was a bit indifferent, but she doesn't particularly like cheese and she hates chocolate, so I didn't really take her viewpoint into consideration. All in all, I think this place deserves a solid 4 if you have kids you are trying to please.  If I could separate the ratings, I'd give it a 2 for the savory part of the meal and a 5 for the sweet.I am giving 4 stars because the ladies were so friendly and sweet at the counter. Maybe I'm not the fondue type? We ordered the medium meal with Swiss cheese, pretzels, bread, and salami.  Then for dessert we ordered the chocolate mixed with peanut butter, pineapples, strawberries, bananas, Angel food cake, and cream puffs.  Everything was fresh. But I would never go back. It was nothing special to me. And just tasted average.Service is A+

Blackchip Porter

an upgrade from the previous Seahawks bar Torino's that is probably as bad as it could be.We're not pub people since most of the time the food sucks at these kinds of places, (at least is been my experience) but I have to say that these guys got it down. My husband always orders the the blt chicken avocado wrap and it's amazing!!....I like coming down here on a Tuesday or Thursday night for a drink, late meal and karaoke. The food here is actually quite good - I've had their build it yourself burger (which was yummy and filling) and the chicken strips. Gotta say the chicken strips were less than impressive, but I did like the burger. The beer is good too, and they have good drink specials during karaoke. Thursday is ladies' night too, so having a vagina definitely helps there.Speaking of karaoke - I love coming down here for Karate Karaoke. Ali Raccoon runs it on Tuesday and Big Sexy takes care of the ladies on Thursday, plus it's usually a pretty short queue.All in all, if you want to relax and sing a bit come on down and check it out.Sports Bar. What else can I say. The bar area is huge with some gaming machines. This place gets crowded at times. The bartenders are cool and the vibe is friendly. I ordered the kobe dog. Footlong hot dog with all the trimmings. It was really really good. The chicken wings are also pretty good. I browsed through the menu and everything looks so appetizing. I like this place; 4 stars for food, service and fun.3 words - Chicken parm sliders!! :)Rapidly becoming one of my favorite pubs to chill at in Vegas... to me, pricing, food, service... they're pretty much everything. The bartenders here are personable, especially the graveyard shift ;) and the chef is also friendly. They have Big Buck Hunter, one of my all time favorite bar games... plus pool tables, karaoke, shuffleboard, etc. Food never disappoints and the pricing is not a steal but reasonable.I love Scooter's Pub! All the bartenders are amazing. Always on top of it, i never have to wait around for my drink. They also have good bar food and affordable. Their Mac and Cheese was perfect comfy food for me. The wraps are also delicious. They have a lot of beers to try. Great gaming bar, excellent bartenders, and good bar food. My kind of chill place!Good food, good atmosphere, could use some more veggie options on the menu.I originally stopped in for a meal and to watch the Wranglers' hockey game.  I brought along several of my children and their spouses (who love hockey).  Expecting standard fare bar food, I was more than pleasantly surprised.  Our meal began with several appetizers.  The roasted artichokes are beyond delicious!  My kids raved repeatedly about both the spicy green beans and the jalapeno strips.  They were delightfully flavorful with just a hint of spice.Our main courses included the bacon pizza, a philly steak sandwich, cajun penne and the spicy BBQ burger.I tasted all but the burger.  The food was creative, unique and interesting.  The onion rings were fried perfectly and the fries were crisp.In the third period, they decided to have dessert.  Fried Oreos and Chocolate Brownie.  The Oreos were not impressive, but that is not my style of eating.  The brownie, however, was spot on!The staff was pleasant, helpful, prompt and courteous.  Like I said, I came to nosh while watching a hockey game, but left telling everyone I know if they want a great little place to eat really quality food (and watch sporting events at the same time), Scooter is a MUST-DO!!!A group of Yelpers came here after an event at Shine. I was not expecting this place to be anything different than any other bar. For the most part, they serve the same kind of food as the rest, but how much I enjoyed it surprised me. Carolyn M. had ordered the french dip with curly fries and I kept sneaking a few bites here and there. The fries were crispy and not drenched in oil. Win! The sandwich was also delicious. The meat was tender. The bread had a garlic bread flavor to it and soaked up all the au jus. They also have fried oreos here. Going downtown for this treat is for the experience. Coming to Scooter's is for quality. Each order comes with six of these fatty morsels and ice cream. I ate half of one and stopped. It was ungodly. The cookie inside softens, but still retains a chewiness. It was so good. I might drink green smoothies, practice yoga, and exercise five times a week, and eat healthy 75% of the time, but I do it to let myself indulge in these types of days. I might make fun of my friend for her working out to feed her horrible eating habits, but I am really no better. My body is a temple. It clearly loves me for giving it deep fried anything and hates me for putting it through hell to make up for it.Ok, I gave Scooter's another shot and I think it's safe to say that I can retract most of the discrepancies that I listed from my previous review. Food remains decent if not slightly better. Great service. But just the crowds that literally P-I-S-S me off.As said before, NOT management's fault for allowing such idiots into this pub. I'm always sitting around a bunch of morons who are only there to ignite their belligerence and wait for a highlight-reel knockout. But that doesn't happen every fight and because of that dread, these idiots insult and disrespect the event so publicly that it makes me want to make them the victim of their own desires. I'm so disgusted with that brawl till you fall attitude. And intoxication is never an excuse. Someone just needs to buy these idiots more drinks so that they can pass out and cuss at the toilet instead.Otherwise, I won a free long sleeve UFC shirt last Saturday :DFood was good...  quick food all night.  Nothing amazing but it did the trickThis tends to be a group happy hour spot with my coworkers, so I've become pseudo-regular.  Not to the point where "everybody knows your name" just yet, but it's becoming familiar.Just good ol' sports bar fun.  The 2 bartenders I see when we go are both great.  Good service and friendly.  The waitress on our happy hour day is awesome.  Pretty good bar food.  Cold beers in clean glasses.  Comps for gaming.  And a shuffle board table to top it all off.  Any games you can play without having to put your drink down rank high in my book o' fun!Had the BLT with curly fries. It was really good. I'm also a ranch freak and dip everything in ranch. Best ranch I've had in vegas. Now if only I could bring the ranch from here when I go to hooters....Me and my buddy went here on a whim trying to find some new places around the neighborhood and we were pleased with the service as well as the food. Although it was a Sunday so it wasn't busy, we were given more than enough attention by the staff who made sure we were happy with the food.Their burger is tasty, as is there chicken avocado sandwich, though they could both use considerably more avocado (I ordered avocado for my burger). I had a potato salad and my friend had curly fries. Nothing was special, but everything was good. We also had some wings which were drenched in spicy garlic sauce (a good thing).We will definitely be trying some more stuff here because its 24 hours and has a decent number of options to try.At first glance from the outside, you aren't sure what to make of this establishment.  GO INSIDE.  The venue is split into some (private) dining tables when you first walk in and then the bar area behind double glass doors to the left.  Once you walk to the left you are normally greeted by the friendly bartender and have a wide range of options to sit / game / dine / imbibe.  At the bar, with numerous options on draft (Stone IPA - we have a winner), you can't go wrong while playing your favorite video poker game.  If gambling isn't your strong suite, walk over to their ULTIMATE MAN CAVERN.  They have the following available:  Darts, Shuffleboard, OFF ROAD (best game ever), NBA Jam, Street Fighter, Deer Hunter and of course every drinking establishment's GO-TO, Golden Tee.We come by here at least once a week for lunch and the Crispy Flat bread pizza w/ Buffalo Chicken and Blue Cheese Spread is a staple, however their chicken tenders (never frozen) and Burgers have never let me down.There is an abundance of flat screen TV's available and this is a Seahawk's Bar so I already know come Sunday, this place will be teaming with Russell Wilson and Marshawn Lynch fans.  Great place to just hang out and unwind after a long day / week / month / year.  Sunni is an extremely friendly and knowledgeable bartender there so if she's working, go with her recommendations.I come here to watch the UFC on pay-per-view and love the way the bar is set up for it. You have a bunch of high boy tables and chairs in one room and the bar in the other. The room with the tables/ chairs starts filling up about 3 hours before the main event. I like to get there early to make sure I get a good spot. I also don't pay a cover by coming that early... though I more than make up for the money on my bar tab :)Waitresses are friendly and attentive. Though they get really busy by the main event and the entire bar area is full of patrons.Friends of mine who are big Seahawks fans come here whenever they're in town to watch the games. I hear it's a riot and the bar is filled with Seahawk fans. Food is good but standard bar food. Nothing extraordinary. The portions are quite big.Great place to stop by when your hungry and have been out having to much fun yes I took a cab there it's close to my place. they serve open menu it's 24hours and drinks the bartender was very attentive and had great costumer service skills and ofcourse the cocktail servers where in full affect and looking good the venue is big a lot of space for a good party and plenty of TVs on the walls they have a great all night special buy 10wings get 10free I will be back soon.One of the bars that has ufc! Good drinks but chicken wings could be more spicy than sweetGreat place to grab a few drinks with friends  . I went yesterday and I had a great time I recommend this place to anyone in the area .Was here over the weekend to watch the UFC fight since it was close to the house. Everyone that works in the bar is friendly and their chicken wings weren't too bad either. The place is pretty chill to watch games or fights & it was the cheapest entry fee ($5) for the main event fight compare to ($20 & up) for most bars. Well most likely come back :)The service is Excellent.  Food is very good.  Great beer on tap  If you are Seahawks fan they have some views for you.

As if you were ordering wine, ask for a menu with a description of the daily beer choices, which tells you it's name, brewer, predominant style or flavor, and even alchohol % content.  Watch out for those high % beers; it doesn't take much before you've over done your intentions!Considering anything except sushi, the menu offers a wide assortment, from usual to unusual.  I can't judge the sushi, becaue I don't eat it, but it sure looks neat and it's fun to watch being made.  Take some time reading the menu, because 1.It's full of funny (in a rude style) humorous tidbits, and 2. you'll find original dishes like the Thai chicken quesadilla, buffalo burger, and a cool build-it-yer-self meal for your own ultimate original combination of carb, protein, sauce, and veggies.Become a regular here, and as long as you're not a complete tool, you'll feel like one of the family.  If you are a complete tool, this is the kind of place that you might be shown a sign that says something like:

By The RuePopped into Yucca Tap Room,

Allow me to Captain Obvious this for ya.Seven glasses of this fine spirited brew, or approximately 140 ounces, (just a little over a gallon) will only cost you fourteen bucks, under twenty with the tip.And you don't even have to wait until happy hour!For me, this means a BAL somewhere in the 1.2 vicinity, or as I like to put it; legally fun.For you, (my bragging little co-worker)  at 125 pounds and seven beers, you'll be a skosh higher than this, say around 3.25 and fast approaching legally embarrassing.But you still have a few motor skills remaining and there are plenty of activities you can partake in at this BAL, such as:*Spastic dancing on the concrete counter at the bar.

I think there is a lot to be said for making this yourself - its almost like being at home making your own dessert. I had the Dolce de Leche yogurt with chocolate sauce, oreos and choc chips - no one can say that's a bad combination....because I made it for myself - I think that's the magic here.The first time I experienced this 'build your own yogurt' concept was in San Diego over the summer. I  couldn't wait for something like this to open up in Phoenix and now I'm so glad it did. What I like about Yogurt Builderz is that it's very spacious and has a great selection of yogurt and toppings. My husband also pointed out that he likes how they have various sizes of cups you can choose from (other similar shops only offer one size.)I personally like to mix all the flavors, skip the fruit toppings and load up on the cookie dough and brownie chunks. Yum! I will be back again and YOU should go visit them!I have an addiction to frozen yogurt these days and Yogurt Builderz is a place I have been frequenting. I love how that you can choose your own cup size, your not stuck with a huge bucket to fill up.The coconut is def my fav but the oreo cookie and vanilla bean are very tasty as well. I guess its all low fat but at this point I really don't care since I will be adding all the sinful toppings! I'm a topping maniac and I pretty much add everything that has chocolate in it. And the mochi which I love! I just pick it off the top of my yogurt and pop them in my mouth and let them melt.....mmmmmm.

B. Red Wine

- Chocolate Macaron - if you like chocolate, this will be your jam.

Two thumbs up, Wayne.I love Next.  I love the coffee and I love the atmosphere.  I can sit there for hours.  One of the best little hideouts in Glendale.Pretty cool coffee shop. This is definitely the place to go for getting work done (or in my case grading papers) and is VERY student friendly. The food is really good and pretty much made in house but I have to say is quite over priced.So I'm a Starbucks fan for the to-go coffee and aquick bite but this is the place if you actually

Really good maintenance of the interior (not a speck of dirt in sight!)

However, here's my complaint... chilled glasses!

Roomy for 1 adult and 1 toddlerComfy beds and pillows

- arnold palmers

Glass of wine, plate of bruschetta

Their food is DELICIOUS! but the way they charge for every single addition is just a rip off.I very much prefer the tacos from here, than that of the competitors that happen to be in the same parking lot. Tacos here are always good, but some times are a bit spotty of the level of guacamole the put on each taco. For the most part the flavor is good, is you get the al pastor taco or even the beef lengua. But don't forget to get green salsa for your tacos, which in my opinion is the best salsa that they have there. Price here is pretty decent in my opinion, however I have also learned that the total can climb pretty fast when ordering carelessly.The food here is really good. This place is probably one of the best taco shops in Las Vegas. All the ingredients are super flavorful. Definitely not bland at all. The atmosphere is pretty standard for a taco shop not great not bad. I would of gave five stars based on how good the food is but I still think they are a little pricy for what your are getting. Four tacos can set you back $27 easily.The best tacos i have tried.... I ordered carne asada tacos and carne asada nachos.... The taste was great... You could taste the freshness of their food!I come here for their shrimp cocktail which is the BEST in town! I've tried other places in Vegas, even in Arizona and Utah and I am always coming back to Los Tacos. Unfortunately, their other food selections is only meh, but the shrimp cocktail is SO GOOD that it makes up for it.Order the carne asada taco with cheese, beans, sour cream and guacamole.

The ladies in the office are always pleasant and have taken care of anything I needed. Oh, they also have a new security company working now.

The chicken is great and the rice taste really special!!

Today I decided on the Roast Beef Debris, for one.. its profiled on DDD this month.. its a bit different from all of the Gulf seafood offerings. It was tasty but the gravy on top appeared to be like gravy in a jar. I have never tasted it, but that's what it sure looked like.. gelatin like.Sweet potato fries were great!I was here the week before and loved the gumbo as usual and the peel and eat shrimp. It would be nice if they were deveined, did it myself.Have never been disappointed with anything on the menu!Had some wine and shrimp to start.  Thought the feel was very french quarter.  It is small and had a few guys just hanging out and drinking beers together.  But there aren't many tables so I could see if it starts getting busy it would be hard to handle that.  The gumbo was great!  It wasn't mush or bland.  Of course I put tons of hot sauce on it but I really enjoyed it.  I never get dessert but the waiter encourage me to and boy was it delish.  My favorite part of the restaurant was the service. The waiters were so attentive and friendly.  We ended up talking to our server for probably 15 minutes.  I will definitely go back if I'm in the  mood for some cajun.The grilled chicken po boy was very tasty!  From the bread to how the chicken was seasoned.  I also tried the catfish with grits and it was amazing.  Not a fan of grits so my opinion on it would be very bias.  Next time I want to try the catfish po boy.Yes we went because we saw Lola's on Triple D. Was it good? You bet. We went for lunch - my wife had the blackened shrimp po boy; I had the soft shell crab po boy. She was not over the top with the shrimp but I love soft shell crab and this was perfect, not greasy and tasty.The service was attentive and friendly even though the place was packed. Lucky for us we got there about 10 minutes before the rush. Prices aren't cheap but they weren't too bad.We had the sweet potato pie and it was delicious. I took home a piece of bread pudding and it was over the top, one of the best bread puddings I have ever had.My wife and I agree we'll be back, probably for dinner sometime. It's so nice to find a great, single owner restaurant in Vegas, the mecca of chains. Thank's to Guy F for turning the world on to Lola's.Food is great just wish it was bigger and you didnt have to call to make a reservationDiscovered this little gem by accident.  Saw it out of the corner of my eye while trying to get back to the strip from our North Vegas hotel.  The have everything from the south, or rather, almost everything.  Their specialty is Louisiana cooking, mostly fish, crawfish, shrimp, and all the fixin's.  Decor quaint, service friendly, food excellent.  A nice place for family, a nice alternative to the pretentious restaurants in the casinos along the strip.Small joint, but some great southern cooking.  Had the shrimp po-boy and 1/2 dozen oysters.  Yum yum!  Be sure to make reservations though as its a tiny restaurant with just over 35 seats.  Might have to wait for a table and the bar seats 6.  Worth the wait though.Blackened catfish poboy! Nom nom!!!!!  I could have done without the craw puppies though. Very attentive service!During my last trip to Vegas, I had to stop and try Lola's.  Another Triple D joint.  Plus it's New Orleans cuisine which I love. Since Lola's was on Triple D we decided to go after the lunch rush.  Triple D dives are notoriously busy after being aired.    Lola's is a nice and quint place. The décor is purely Louisiana flair, all things New Orleans are on the walls and hanging from ceiling.  As you walk in there's a small two or three person bar on your right and the dining area straight ahead, which appears to seat about 25-30.  There were a few people still seated from lunch and a couple arriving after we had been seated at our table.  Considering they had just finished lunch rush, the empty tables were clean and ready to be seated.  The menu has all the standard New Orleans fair, as it was around lunch we settled on a Shrimp Po Boy and I had the Soft Shell Crab Po Boy.  Our waiter was very attentive and friendly along with a waitress who wasn't busy at the time we sat down.  Between the two of them, we were very well taken care of without actually being hovered over.  I love New Orleans' food.  I go to NOLA every chance I get, two or three times a year, mainly to just eat!  So when I say the Soft Shell Crab was every bit the Po Boy as those I've had in NOLA, I'm telling you the truth, Lola's takes you right back there!  My po boy was seasoned just right and the batter was light and crispy.  Better yet, the crab was fresh!  The crab was prepared properly, so all you could taste was the sweetness of the crab.  The Shrimp PB was also a wonderful surprise.  The shrimp were medium-sized, plump and sweet. Way more than could fit between the bread halves. Once again, very fresh and lightly breaded so you could enjoy the flavor of the shrimp.  I didn't get the gumbo, but the couple at the table next to us did.  The gumbo looked and smelled delicious.  So next time, I will be getting some gumbo.  The prices are very reasonable. Especially considering the freshness of the seafood and French bread which is flown in.  Triple D didn't let me down, Lola's is off the chain!  And I will be back!Ate at 7 pm on a Wednesday night.  After reading all of the reviews, made a reservation just to be safe, but it wasn't necessary.  Had 2-4 tables open the whole time we were there, plus outside.I had the fried shrimp po boy.  This comes with 8 good size shrimp.  I thought the roll did not handle the sandwich well.  Also, it was a tad small for $12.  However, the tartar sauce is excellent.  I would eat this again, but not before trying other dishes.  I may get it blackened next time, but the server recommended fried.I got the potato salad and a side of red beans and rice.  The potato salad was basic mustard.  It was good and homemade, but the flavor was standard.  The red beans and rice needed more spice to it.  I used the louisiana hot at the table.   It was good, but lacked in seasoning.  I tried the gouda grits my buddy got with his shrimp and grits.  Excellent.  I will definitely be back, likely to try the bronzed catfish next time...Easily the most enjoying meal I had while in LV for 4 days.  If you are the type like me who disdains chain restaurants, including the much hyped celebrity chef ones, then give this off-the Strip place a try.  The bowl of jambalaya and crab cake salad were fresh and delicious.  Place was jammed pack already at 11:30am with mostly locals, so come get some.It has been one of those nights when I was hungry but couldn't figure out what I was hungry for.  Looking back on recent trips, I decided I want some New Orleanian food.  So, off to Lola's I went.  The place was busy (always a good sign) and I was greeted by a friendly server.  With all the fleur de lis, Abita logo, paintings of antebellums...I was in Saints country without a doubt.  I sat under Guy Fieri's signed picture.I got a sweet tea (as I should) and my sister ordered some char-grilled oysters.  According to her, they were good but not similar to Acme Oyster House's grilled oysters.  Since I'm allergic to shellfish, I have to believe it.  She had the shrimp and grits and she loved it.  I like their grits too...really cheesy!  I got the roast beef debris po' boy with fries (featured on Guy Fieri's show on the Food Network: Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives).  My fries were salty so I had to dust off the salt and dip them in lots of ketchup.  They're like the fries from Five Guys but 3 times the salt.For dessert, we had the sweet potato pecan pie and the BANANAS FOSTER BREAD PUDDING.  The pie was quite good.  The bread pudding with the homemade caramel sauce was out of this world - I don't recommend sharing it.They have oysters, po' boys, sweet potato, bananas foster, sweet tea, gumbo, étouffée, gumbo...all they need are beignets and alligator.Best Cajun food in townIf you can deal with fried food and like fish and sea food, don't miss a chance to have lunch or supper at Lola's.  I had the Oyster Poor Boy and my friend had the cat fish and they were both excellent.  Service was great and friendly.  We had come into LV from Texas for a four day visit and were determined to find some local places and not give the gambling trade all of our business.Do your self a favor and try Lola'sThis restaurant is small, casual and very busy on the Tuesday evening of our visit.  We chose this restaurant based on its proximity to the Smith Center where we would be seeing the Dr. John show later that evening - talk about synergy.  We were fortunate to score an outside table overlooking Charleston Blvd on this comfortable evening.  Even though it was busy, the wait staff took good care of us so we were out in a more than reasonable time.  My wife ordered the shrimp etouffee which was tasty but a little thinner than she would have preferred.  I chose a house specialty, bronzed catfish over Gouda grits served with an Andouille sausage and mushroom ragout.  The fresh catfish were by far the best I have experienced as were the grits - a 5 Star experience.If you've ever been to New Orleans then you've probably eaten in a small restaurant in an old building.  I've been to New Orleans twice and Lola's has recreated the feel of New Orleans so much I was almost tearfully sentimental.  I had the BBQ shrimp with rice and french bread which was awesome.  I can't wait to go again and try something new.  This time I'll be sipping on a Turbo Dog.  My only complaint is they are a Saints bar yet they are closed Sundays!Really like this place right off the 15 on Charleston - in the same center as the old Holsum bread place.  The owner is usually hanging around and is very friendly and easy to talk to.  I go mostly for lunch and usually sit at the bar, which is small but sufficient.  I can only speak for the sandwiches, but they have all been delicious.  Good bread and everything else falls in line.  They also have Abita beer which is a plus!  Give this place a shot.Lola's had always come highly recommended by my co-workers from the New Orleans/Laffeyette area so I was eager to try it. I went there with a big group of friends and found it to be as good as I had heard. I have a hard time passing up gumbo if it's on the menu, so that is what I ordered here. Although it was made from a darker roux than I have previously had, it was still delicious with a lot of andouille in the mix. I also got a taste of the grilled salmon and fried catfish and found them to be very good. Dessert-wise, I can say with all honesty that the Jack Daniels praline sauce that comes with the bread pudding is one of the tastiest confections I have ever had and if I had not been in public and surrounded by 7 of my closest friends and 30 strangers, I would have probably drank the rest of it and licked the plate clean. The jambalaya also looked very appetizing and the po' boys menu has piqued my curiosity. I will be returning in the future that's for sure.Just a word of warning though, Lola's has a higher-end/gourmet style of presentation so if the only experience you have with Cajun/Creole is the pan roasts at Big Al's, you may find the portions to be a bit lighter than what you're used to. However, you will be more than compensated by the quality of the food, ambiance of the restaurant, and the friendliness of the staff.Finally had the bronzed catfish today with the gouda grits.  As expected, it was New Orleans in a bowl.  Fantastic dish, I liked it better than the shrimp.Got the crab dip to start.  This is a fine version of a dip, nothing special.  My wife had the crabcakes.  You get 2 large cakes with the meal, but they are on a bed of greens.  This destroys the purpose, in our estimation, of getting that good crispy exterior, because the lettuce makes the bottoms of the cakes soggy.  Good flavor, a bit too citrusy for me in the sauce.Finally made it into Lola's.  Dining here makes you feel like you are eating over at a friend's house.  It is ultra small and cramped and busy busy busy.  Service was just fine but not great.  Our guy was definitely busy and it showed.  Prices are fair.  Beers are cheap.  I had the shrimp and grits.  Delicious!!  Six large shrimp and a pile of grits with bacon.  What more could you need? Oh yeah..cheese!  The grits are gouda grits.  Buttery, cheesy and yum yum yummy.  My husband said they were too cheesy.  I do not believe in such nonsense.  No such thing.  He was quite pleased with his grilled shrimp po boy and said he would order precisely the same thing when we return.  I also slyly nibbled my sisters jambalaya.  It was spicy and flavorful.  Very good.  I can't imagine there is any better Louisiana style cooking in Las Vegas.  Maybe the best part of the meal was the delightful fig dessert.  The best way to describe it is a large homemade warm fig newton topped with ice cream.  I've never ad anything like it.  It was excellent!! My fellow diners were skeptical of ordering such a wild card but it was the favorite!Definitely worth a trip downtown!Being that I lived where Creole food is very popular I was excited to see Louisiana cooking here in vegas. The hostess wasn't that good, seating us in the "hallway" rather than in the cozy dining room, but oh well. It was a bit noisy for our taste anyway, but the waitress totally forgot about us. Just due to the service I almost give them two stars, but the food made up for it! The mud bug's were spot on and the salad was excellent as well! The gumbo is very nice. In closing this is the best Creole food that I have had outside of Houston-Biloxi. In that region I would have only given it two stars, but for not being in the area it is great. I will return, but I hope service is better the next time that I go.Had a great time this weekend at Lola's the shrimp and grits were the best I ever ate. Crab cake delicious my granddaughter had the PO boy soft shell crab also good. My sister had the grilled oysters yummy. Bread pudding I've had better but it was tasty. My fam that ordered the jambalaya found it too spicy to eat so it went back. All in all a good eat. Oh yeah my granddaughter said the banana pudding was good but not as good as yours granny. I love that chick.What a hidden gem!  The shrimp and grits is to die for and the bread pudding is the best I've ever had. Be careful going at lunchtime though...service is super slow around noon.Lola's. Finally. You've been on my To Eat list for so long and I'm very glad you came thru for me. I was skeptical after sitting (wait standing)  for 15 minutes waiting to be seated watching everyone run around a little scatterbrained and confused. However the smell coming from the food all around me told me to be patient. Glad I listened to my nose.We were seated outside and our waitress was sweet but overworked and not 100% attentive. You're probably wondering why I gave this place 4 stars.A couple of reasons.Firstly and mainly- the food.Everything was good. The wings (level 10 is like a level 5 of Thai spice) for sure made with a homemade Louisiana style sauce.Crab cake- yum.Fettuccine Alfredo with blackened chicken was for sure from scratch and had a hit of Cajun flare.Shrimp Charlotte, angel hair with light sauce, mushrooms and shrimp. Spicy and a tad dry but the flavor & a squeeze of a lemon made up for it.Secondly- their effort. Scatterbrained or not, everyone there was truly busting their butts! I can't wait to return for some gumbo and catfish.Oh and also make a reservation- this place is packed for a reason.I've been to Lola's at least twice now and I really enjoy the catfish po' boy! The atmosphere is nice with a bit of hussle and bussle. The second time I was there I sat in the outdoor seating area and they were doing a photo shoot for some of the food they have. Ended up getting some free oysters for appetizer before the meal. They were great and probably tasted even better because they were free :-). I definitely look forward to coming here again.I recently tried Lola's for the first time during lunch with a few friends. I am a huge fan of cajun/creole food, and Lola's did not disappoint! We tried the gumbo and the crab/artichoke dip to start, both were awesome!! I am usually not a fan of any kind of spinach/artichoke/cheesy mess of a dip, but this was AMAZING. It was full of crab meat and was seriously delicious.They also have Abita beer which is a huge plus-it brings back crazy nights in New Orleans and it goes down great with the spicy food! We all had po'boys, blackened and fried shrimp and the roast beef one. The blackened shrimp was bomb-spicy but not overpowering ( I accidentally poured on too much habanero hot sauce but it was still delish) but if you don't like mayo-request for them to skip it. The sweet potato fries were great as well.But BEST of all-the service! I think her name was Cristal? Nicole? Ehhh I may have still been drunk from the night before but she was an awesome girl and kept our drinks full and put up with us. Major win in my book! Even other members of the staff would walk by and keep an eye on the table, even overheard me talking about a straw and was quick to offer me one out of no where! I had a great lunch and will be back-and will definitely tell others to check it out!Love the gumbo and the poBoys are spot on! I highly recommend this spot for authentic N'walin flare. Triple DDD Guy F. gave this spot high marks and I so agree. I gave it  4 stars cuz we had to wait for our food for awhile. But it was well worth it after I saw the big portions and the pasta alfredo was succulent and savory. Hmmm-Hm! Will go back for crawfish served only on Fridays and weekends. Luv our waitress with her southern accent! This place deserves another comeback y'alls!Some of the best Cajun/creole food I've had in LV!  Really a hidden gem and not dirty or greasy like many of the Creole places I've been.  You should call ahead tho if it's a weekend, they have limited seating.  That Grilled bread is the bomb!Missing some good ol' southern food, we decided to give this place a shot. Came here on a Friday night, and the crowd wasn't too bad. Had to wait about an hour after our reservation because diners did not want to leave their tables even after eating and I couldn't blame them. The restaurant had a great Naw'leans vibe to it and the outside bistro seating was charming. We started with the Crawpuppies and they were really good but the sauce made the dish. We ordered a pound of crawfish and a fried shrimp po'boy for dinner and was not disappointing. The crawfish was a little too spicy for my taste but they do warn you on the menu. The fiance is from Louisiana so the spicyness was perfect for her. The only reason for the one missing star was the service. Our food kept being sent to different tables that sat after us so it took a really long time to get our food. The whole dinner plus wait time took about 3 hours but it was well worth the food. Will be going again very soon.I must apologize for the words I placed here regarding the owner, let's just say that we witnessed un-pleansantries with servers and customers.  But the food is great, and I know there's a 2nd location opening in N. Town Center Dr.  Hubby and I had the chicken wings (sooooo darn tasty, borderline salty, but real good... stuff I think I'd crave if I'm pregnant ;), the bronzed catfish was UHmazing, melt in your mouth spiced goodness with equally scrumptious cheesy grits and a mushroom sauce.  I was so happy to have found a place that had charbroiled oysters (not raw, not baked, but a good in-between prep) topped with butter, lemon and a little cheese. If the oysters were larger, it would've been perfect.  And since it was my very first time to try gumbo (yes, it was), I can't really say if theirs was good.  But if they did serve a typical gumbo, I just don't think I'm a gumbo gal.  The place has a good selection of beer and wine, but I was desperately craving vodka or a light cocktail.  Wine just fills me up too fast when I'm already having a heavy meal.  The crowd also significantly thinned by 8 and 9pm.  Maybe they wanted something substantial to wash away the heavy goodness... or the disagreeable service.  Go to Lola's in a cheerful mood with cheerful friends, or order the food to go.Staying in Vegas for a family vacation and wanted some good "off the strip" eating. Found Lola's on yelp and decided to try it. To start we had the hush puppies, crab dip and oysters. I could have done without the crab dip though the rest of the table devoured it :) oysters and hush puppies were delic!  For dinner I had the combo platter with greens and green beans. It was a BIG plate!! The green beans were amazing and a must try. Other folks at the table had catfish and grits (delic!) crab cake platter (awesome!) gumbo (good but my least favorite on the table) and bbque shrimp ( tasty). We tasted the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding for dessert - yeah amazing! Overall service was great and food was delicious. Definitely make reservations - we came on a Tuesday night and it was packed by 7pm. A must try if you are in the area.  For 5 people + apps + dessert + two drinks our bill was $140 before tip. Pretty darn affordable ( in my humble DC over-priced opinion ;).Ate here last night.  Busy, great service, wonderful Louisiana fare.  Bread pudding is the best!The food is as good as you would get in Louisiana.  Be prepared to relax they have a small kitchen and it takes awhile for the food to come out. The music is somewhat loud .. The wait staff is courteous but not that attentive. You will probably have to ask for a drink refill and your check. For this reason I give them four stars instead of Five.Dozen charbroiled oysters.

Tosh: I liked the show, got some good laughs, and heard new jokes. He kicks it up a level above his TV show in terms of vulgarity, which is expected. This show is better for a younger adult crowd.Tim Allen: I learned a lot about him (he went to prison for selling coke in his 20s...). He had fart joke humor, bits about shooting grandma with a BB gun, etc.  the show is catered to a middle age audience. These shows aren't bad, and I don't regret seeing them.   Tickets will cost anywhere from $50-100. But I definitely have a preference to seeing no-names at the smaller theaters for ~$20 per ticket. The shows are more intimate, jokes are funnier & never been heard before, and most importantly I've had my best gut busting laughs in small venues with nobody comedians.   These are up up and coming performers, truly working to make a living & get recognition. I prefer the venue at the Tropicana hotel. Theater review:

Udon Sukiyaki Soup when your feeling sick

Oh and try their stick E roll.. its cinnamon-y, sugary, deliciousness.. !!Note: I only give out 5 stars to restaurants that are EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.Oh, how I truly wish I could give Stick E Rice 5 stars! If I could grant this place 4.5 stars, I would quickly and happily do so. I spent the last few minutes debating this review with my wife, who is absolutely convinced that Stick E Rice deserves 5 stars.This restaurant has several strong points. Their service is truly amazing. Every time I have come here, I have had the pleasure of being served by the same waitress, whose friendly greetings and smiles make me feel like a member of her family. The waitstaff is always on point, from timing courses well to clearing used dishes promptly. Drink refills are typically not an issue, unless you're only drinking water (but they never leave you wanting for a refill). The reason for this is that soft drinks are served ice cold in cans, accompanied by cold glasses filled with ice. I know that restaurants typically may profit more from serving soft drinks in cans, but I feel that better establishments provide fountain drinks with free refills.I ordered the potstickers as an appetizer, and they are VERY tasty and lack the excessive "doughiness" served by so many other restaurants. I don't know if they're homemade, but I can tell you that surely you can't go wrong in placing an order for them.I typically order from the lunch special menu, so my meal is accompanied by a complimentary soup. The egg drop soup is tasty, and served in an attractive cup with a side of crispy chow mein "chips." I once had a rendition of the hot and sour soup, and I honestly have to say that it needs much work to resemble a true Chinese hot and sour soup.The main courses are always flavorful. The portions may seem small, but upon finishing my order I am always very satisfied. The pepper steak, orange chicken, pad thai and mixed vegetable options are wonderful entrees. My wife's regular favorite entree is the "mixed vegetables with added shrimp."You simply must leave room for dessert!  Stick E Rice offers a dessert called "Stick E Mango" that is absolutely a must-have! We order it every time we come here. Every time. The sticky rice is formed in sushi-sized pieces, and bear the almost banana-like sweetened flavor of coconut. Each order is seemingly bombarded with sliced mango! The mango has always been sweet and succulent; I have never had the unpleasantness of biting into a more green or hardened slice of mango. The mango is drizzled with a sweetened coconut "caramel."I absolutely cannot fathom why anyone could possibly review Stick E Rice with less than a 3-star rating! Sure, the menu may not be perfectly Thai; this restaurant has more of a Thai-Chinese fusion offering, but this combination serves to offer its clientele more choices and even a more familiar option for the less brave. The menu is also somewhat customizable to personal taste and spiciness preference.To maybe receive a 5-star rating:

Just a note, friendly staff but plan on slow service.We came here for an early dinner. Furikake Chicken & Kalbi with BBQ Pork Fried Rice - I liked this dish a lot. The chicken at first was a unique taste, but it grows on you. The kalbi was good. The fried rice was a bit more wet than I like. Loco Moco - I thought I would like this because of the gravy, but I actually didn't really care for it. I thought the flavor was a bit weak. My sister said she can see why people would like it.We were so stuffed we couldn't even try dessert.If I return, I would get the mixed plate and something else. Also, hopefully we can save room for dessert.Grabbed some take out from here tonight... Overall very good meal.  Had the combination plate with chicken furikake and kalua pork and an order of fried rice.  First off, portions are big, which was nice.  The fried rice and chicken furikake were excellent... will order both again.  Pork was OK, but not on the level of the other two dishes.  Definitely will be a return customer... just will try to find a different third item to match the fried rice and chicken.This restaurant is one of my favorite Hawaiian restaurants in town. It is a sit down restaurant in a casual atmosphere with island music playing in the background. There is one server who is always super sweet, quick, and she is very attentive. Unfortunately, some of the other servers,  not so much.Come hungry! The portions here are HUGE! My favorite dishes are:

We were out and about on friday night looking for a place to eat before buying our Christmas tree.

FRIEND'S MOM: (upon arrival) OBSURE! That's the conversation a friend had this past weekend on the phone with her mom when we went to celebrate Layla's one year anniversary in a wee little basement on Butler down the way from The Bayou. Yes, it's obscure. Yes, the hours are limited. But what she lacks in square footage and open hours, she more than makes up for in flavor and friendliness. I knew when Layla sat down to talk to us about how to make her insanely delicious spicy eggplant spread that came with the appropriately named starter, "Breads & Spreads" we were in good hands! Despite the fact that she had a few other tables outside and in doors at her quaint space, she was excited to chat about the ingredients and the process she uses to roast her eggplant, she even grabbed one from the kitchen to show me what it looks like so when I attempt to replicate the spread at home, I'll know what I'm looking for.Layla's will also forever be emblazoned in my mind as the first place I ever ate a whole trout. Like I'm talking here's your foil wrapped trout. With bones. And eyes. Fins too. I was a little put off at first, but once I stuck my fork in Jacques (that's what we decided to call him) none of that mattered... it was DELICIOUS. Probably some of the best cooked fish I've had in a long while. The fresh tomato and cucumber salad was also delicious, and we have the abundant Dane County Farmer's Market to thank for that. In addition to a few local purveyors where Layla sources some meats, she hits up the market most Saturdays to pick up ripe produce to use in a menu of about 13 dishes. There's lamb, chicken, beef, Jacques the fish, and a smattering of vegetarian options as well. Don't leave without having a piece of Persian baklava, which isn't as cloyingly sweet as it's distant Greek counterpart. Everything about the evening was absolutely perfect except the fact that this was a fluke and Layla's isn't open evenings. She made it sound like once the demand is there, she'll extend her hours, so go give it a try during lunch, tell a few friends, and let's collectively try to get her to test out just weekends!Totally feels like you walked into someone's kitchen/dining room...BUT, in the best way possible. Short menu with interesting options including meat and vegetarian options. We had some great lentil soup and spied a neighboring table's tomato salad, which also looked quite good (dinners come with option of soup or salad).Most notable was the baklava...not too sweet, loaded with nuts, and a very generous portion for only a dollar (!!). It's been a couple weeks, and I am still thinking about it.As other reviews mention, Layla is core to the dining experience here. She introduced herself, made small talk, cracked some jokes, and told us all about the menu, sourcing of products, etc, then went back into the kitchen to make up our food. We appreciated her level of engagement, and what she is trying to do here. Madison's dining scene is robust, but the whole experience here is quite unique.We got to sit outside, which was an unexpected blessing in early March. I would have loved the experience based on that alone, but it was so much more than that. The small restaurant seemed to be run by one woman, who cooks, serves and makes all of her guests feel welcome. The somewhat small menu made it easier to choose two meals to share. The meatballs served were part of a special menu for a MACN collaboration and they were spectacular. My friend preferred these, but my favorite was the fesenjoon. It was so hearty and flavorful! I loved the full experience and would fully recommend checking out this small, off-the-beaten-path gem.We tried Layla's for lunch one Saturday afternoon. The restaurants is located in the basement of a hostel. There was a sign at the corner of the street indicating which way to head, but not much in the way of signage to indicate the actual location. The restaurant utilizes six tables and a hodgepodge of chairs, dishes, cutlery, and decor. A very eclectic, quirky ambiance.Layla told us to seat ourselves where ever we wanted and then brought us water and menus. The menu consists of about eight entrees served with soup or salad and an optional dessert. We all started with the cup of soup which was lentil based with unusual flavors. Fenugreek maybe? Tarragon maybe? We weren't really sure. Our entrees included a lamb, greens, and rice based dish, a pulled chicken and rice dish, and a beautiful crusty rice and cherry based dish. All of the dishes were tasty with spices and herbs we didn't recognize.For dessert we all tried the baklava which was had great flavors. Layla told us, she was not satisfied with the dessert and didn't charge us for it, but we all thought the flavors were delicious. Layla was a delightful hostess and fun to chat with.I think the location and atmosphere may turn off some guests, but the food was fun to try and Layla was wonderful to meet. The prices were very reasonable. Entrees were all $8 and the the baklava is only $1 each.Crappy cleaning crew on move in. Otherwise I really like the place.So, I'll confirm Heather's complaints about move in. While the carpet and flooring was new in my place, there was a lot of grossness. The cabinets were full of rice and smut, and there was a giant bong left under the sink that the crew somehow missed. The windows were smudged to the point that they looked vaguely like modernist finger paintings. The top of the refrigerator was damn near a Petri Dish. Etc...However, after a few hours of vacuuming and wiping, the place looked nice. It's true that the air filters have not been well cleaned in eons, that was also a pretty light job to fix. I need to do one more though...I'm quite certain that the walls aren't lead paint since lead paint has not been used or sold in decades and every apartment (pretty much anywhere in existence) has repainted many times. Thus, even if there is lead paint, it's buried several layers deep and likely of no threat.HOWEVER, I like the apartments a lot. Cleaning aside, the cabinets and countertops are very new, the stove is quite new, the closets are roomy, the carpet was new (though there are a few staples that need smashing at the tack strip edges).More importantly, I think the price is reasonable given the location; it's quiet and there is nothing else around except for condos, businesses, Aunt Chilada's restaurant, and the Pointe Hilton Resort. The mountain views are about as good as you can get anywhere in the city, which is a huge draw for me. Plus, my dog seems to get along well here. Sumida Park across the street is an ideal dog walking spot.I really hope that they don't take Heather's advice because in the two months since I've moved I've really grown to enjoy the place.I'm so happy! No more drives to Tempe for my fix...

Die Bedingung war sehr nett, wir waren erst ein paar Minuten am Tisch und hatten Zeit um alles auszusuchen, dann kam auch schon die Bedienung. Kaum hatten wir bestellt, wurden die Getränke serviert und kurze Zeit später das Essen. Als unsere Gläser leer waren, stand die nette Bedingung gleich wieder am Tisch. Die leeren Teller wurden auch gleich abgeräumt. Toller Service.

If you have an iPhone - there is a good app. available.The MGM is situated right on the strip. It is HUGE. The MGM has one of the biggest casino floor on the strip and the place feels a bit like a mall. There are shops situated in the hotel and the restaurants are top notch. Foodies take note: they Have Tom Collichio, Michael Mina, and other notable chefs, type restaurants in the hotel. I hear that Michael Mina's is one of the best restaurants on the strip.The hotel also features Wet Republic and Cirque du Soleil. Other entertainment features include CSI: The Experience.I loved walking around this hotel. It's really big! And the lobby is cool.Maybe I'm not high maintenance? I don't know....

I ordered the Shirmp Alfredo and it too was very good. 6 or 7 juicy shrimp and the pasta was cooked perfectly with it's accompanying Alfredo sauce.

6. the girls here are nice and helpful and will even give you a free hand demo of some of their awesome products. they seem to be well trained too so bust out those questions.

And thankfully it was a "work is treating lunch" because they have one menu for lunch and dinner. My 1/2 order of ribs was $18, which is a little bit rich for my lunch budget. Wish they had a cheaper lunch menu, might reconsider. Although I did see a couple lunch sandwiches in the corner of the menu. But I mean a smaller portion, less than $10 lunch menu. But with all that said, I would go back, for sure! This will be a super tasty place to go before a movie at Town Square, or the place to eat with friends on a night out. When time is not an issue, and $18 for dinner entree is fine!Excellent food! Four stars only because it is very pricey. We tried the Burnt Ends, Grits & Pork Belly, Potato Salad, Mac & Cheese, Corn Bread, Fries & Alabama White Sauce - all were really good but we will forego the fries for a different side next time just because they were nothing extraordinary.Only been here one time so far but it was really good. Good appetizers, salads, BBQ and drinks. I will definitely check it out again sometime. Cool vibe inside with bar, tv's, etc plus it's in town square so there are plenty of things to do in the area. I would recommend checking it out!Good quality BBQ at a decent price, good atmosphere - kind of like contemporary brewery meets sports bar meets BBQ, with odd music choices. Almost like an identity crisis that somehow works. The service was friendly but SLOW. For BBQ which has already been smoked, it should come out quickly! We were seated at 6:05 pm and our check was also slow in coming out, finally arrived around 8:30 pm! Most of the time was spent waiting for the food or check. We ate quickly because we had two kids in tow. They also never brought out those warm wet washcloths to wipe your hands, so I had to wash my hands to get the BBQ sauce off of my hands.

-egg drop soup (too peppery, I was told)And the best part: All this food for $15 per person. Love it! :)*see pics*We ordered a few things items but I especially enjoyed a sushi with unagi on a fried tempura thing on top of sushi, pork tataki, and the kimchi fried rice. The honey toast was made up of really simple ingredients... honey, hawaiian bread, butter, and vanilla ice cream..... but it was a really satisfying treat at the end of our meal.Another late night in Vegas and hunger calls... straight to Yelp for recommendations! Ichiza is located in the Chinatown/Spring Mountain Road area in Vegas, just a short 10 minute drive from the Strip, and IMO better food. We got here around midnight Saturday night with a grumbling tummy. The place was crowded and lively. We ordered: Tofu salad w/ tuna sashimi - standard, not bad

The only reason I didn't give this store 5 stars is because they don't open very many registers on weekday mornings when I shop.Always friendly staff who always help with anything.Sometimes late at night there are too long of lines though and they never open more. Tend to go by fast tho.

Atmosphere: 2 stars.  Mehhh, it is a 24 hour safe.  Nothing bad or great about it.I wouldn't go out of my way to go back but if we ate their again I'd be ok with it.We always try to stop here on our weekend trips to Vegas. The breakfast was delish. I ordered the 2 egg breakfast and shared some biscuits and gravy. Didnt finish my breakfast it was way too much food. The biscuits and gravy were so good. The biscuits were fluffy and light. I was able to play Keno while we dined. We got a couple bucks off for being reward card holders.Wow why are the reviews for this place so bad? We ate breakfast here both mornings and it was decent. I mean, look, its not anything fancy.  It's not a celebrity chef restaurant. It's just a way to grab a bite in your hotel lobby!!The first day I had the smoked salmon plate and it was delicious and came with lots of lox. The second day, I had the skinny omelette which was alright.  My co workers had the fruit and yogurt plate with banana bread and it is HUGE and beautiful. They just need more vegetarian/pescatarian options here!Our waitress was pretty funny.  At one point, she turned to a friend of ours and said "That's a lot of food you have there..." as we had all finished and he had 3.5 plates of food still in front of him.  The Bazinga moment was that she was very straight laced and All Business.We went here for breakfast and it was delicious.  Minus one star for the wrong food coming out, but she left us with it, so we got to have 2 breakfasts.  It was reasonable fare for Vegas at breakfast.  I only wish my friends had been hungry enough to hit up the buffet instead, but this was plenty of food.The orange juice was freshly squeezed!  That made my day!Ate breakfast here twice during two trips to Vegas. Good service. Food is a bit above average for similarly priced cafes along the strip. Not many breakfast options at the Flamingo. It's Tropical Breeze Cafe or the buffet unless you go with room service or just want coffee and pastry. Good varied menu. Keno available. Small discount on prices for total rewards members.  Order Orange juice by the carafe if you have 3-4 in your dining partyI don't know why everyone hates on this place, it's good for what you pay for! I went around 11:30 am on a Saturday and got the Kansas Rancher (highly recommend this dish!!!) as well as a $6 mimosa and bloody mary. The bloody mary wasn't too great but I am not a big fan of them. They were a little slow but that is to be expected. Our waiter was nice and attentive. Meal was inexpensive but good. I recommend this place only for breakfast since that is what we ate.After eating here for many years, here's what you need to know:1. Unless you're with a group, seat yourself at the counter. The service is great there. I have been waited on by the same people up there for years.2. The hotel keeps jacking up the prices. A Total Rewards card knocks off a dollar from the price of the entrees, but it's still expensive. It's hard to find breakfast on the cheap unless you go to the food court (and even then it's expensive)

The salmon was tasty - but we would have been fine with one order instead of 2.

For lunch, I went with a bacon cheeseburger with a side of fries.  There is something magical about a burger cooked on a flat top grill.  A hard sear puts a nice crust on the outside while leaving the burger nice and juicy on the inside.  Cheddar, bacon, and fried onions make it complete.

Overall, it's a good place to know about, and definitely worth a visit if you're i the neighbourhood.Love it, a little place such as you would find in Europe but right here at home. Small dishes, great cupcakes.If you're a fan of "les glaceurs" you'll find these cupcakes have a buttery taste you just don't get there...Bought a dozen, brought them to the office and everyone was quick to appreciate the European taste right away.Great coffee for on the go walks... a perfect pitstop for those "I'm sorry moments" : )Bon petit endroit. Les pâtisseries et viennoiseries sont faites maison et sont bonnes (il y a meilleur en ville, mais ça reste bon). Le local est petit mais accueillant. Le personnel est courtois et efficace. Un bon endroit où manger de vrais croissants (contrairement au café voisin qui vend des produits usinés).Not very many local coffee shops in cave creek so I thought id give this place a shot. I LOVE that they have almond milk. Just that will make me return. Iced mocha was what I needed on a Sunday. Hubby loved the Dark roast 5 star blend tooTiny little place with a laid back, comfortable atmosphere. Barista and cook were super sweet and the breakfast sandwich was delicious. Very competitively priced- check it out if you're in the area.Me and my family eat here once a month. We have always had pretty good service. Sometimes I have to ask for a refill, but that's ok. I am not expecting a waitress at my table every 5 minutes. Just want them on the floor when I need to flag them. They always give me a to go cup of coffee when I ask and I have never had a problem.It's iHop, what can you really say? Delicous buttermilk pancakes and all sorts of fatty crappy breakfast foods yhou know you shouldn't eat but do anyway. On the plus side they do now have some fit menu items for under 600 calories that are quite good.its packed.... waiting was the only bad thing but its understandable (:food was too goodservice was friendly

Some people need to be kicked in the balls/cunny to loosen them up.

Score: 3.5/5Definitely recommend the rice cake poutine, and the fried chicken balls. The dishes are a bit salty so beware. Overall, pretty good though!Have been here a couple of times! Love the food here!Eum, not sure if it's my poor choices or I'm just not a huge fan of korean food, but I've visited GaNaDaRa three times, picking three different dishes.On my first visit, I had the squid dub bap. I liked the taste and presentation, but after 5 spoonfuls, I felt like all the grease from the fried food (veggies and squid) was just too much --  I couldn't finish the plate. Also, I was disappointed that it was mostly fried carrots and rice with very few squid.The second time, I had the supreme poutine. Yes yes yes, you're gonna tell me i asked for it -- well it's too late now, but ordering poutine in an asian restaurant really wasn't a fantastic idea on hindsight: mixing kimchi, seafood, and rice cakes with cheese and fries must be the work of a maverick. Never in my life have I had so many contrasting flavors disagreeing with half the others in 1 dish. I noted the fries were particularly crispy on the outside, and fluffy on the inside. The grilled chicken and bugolgi were also very tasty. I didn't like the other ingredients. And so I came back a third time, for grilled chicken. This time, I got the dak dolsot bibimbap. The flavors were diverse and appropriately balanced, but it lacked salt. And more chicken would have been better.I'm still not an expert in Korean cuisine, but I'm rating this 4/5 for the helpful staff, generally decent food, and k-pop atmosphere. Do yourself a favor and not a Supreme Poutine.Pretty good value for food and rather quick. Old faithful.omgggggg so my clothes collected all the smells of the restaurant, especially sitting next to the kitchen. But it is truthfully delicoiussssssssssss here. I cannot help but order the same, same, same Bulgogi Ramyun for its freaking hot and flavourful soup. Tasty noodles and sweet beef.I find the fried chicken balls to be a little boring and bland, the sauce wasn't THAT great. It's tastes like kung pao chicken for me, I apologize. Their rice in stone pot is soooooo good though. I can eat my Ramyun and also my friend's rice, and probably still stand up. Okay maybe not fully stand up because the food is filling. Both the soup noodles and bibimbap have an egg each.Good and quick service. It's busy always. Visit before 12, or visit before 5. Otherwise the lineups are long and messy!! Good luck!The hours are SO CONFUSING! They are opened at 11:30am not 10:30am, that's true. But closing times seem inconsistent.Former regular lunch time spot when I worked downtown. I kinda miss the sappy cat stickers on the wall!Student-friendly Korean fusion place. I think fusion is a keyword to keep in mind when trying out this place because their items are NOT authentic but I like how they experimented with traditional Korean dishes and most of them tasted great!We ordered an appetizer of grilled fish which I absolutely devoured. The fish had bones but they are negligible. As an Asian, I feel that fish with bones have more intact flavours so loved it! Then we ordered Korean Poutine (sounds rather strange right?) and the Tsunami Ramyun. The Ramyun was a fun dish, so many textures and flavors packed into this one plate. There were korean sushi rolls, this thing called udoki, ramen, egg (loved that egg extension) and then there were fish cakes and tempura. Great choice if you want to sample everything little by little. The poutine had fries and udoki with a kind of ramen sauce. This place is definitely a playful change for your taste buds. The ambiance is casual and the food items  are creative. Will return for sure.Really enjoyed it. The wait outside was about 20 mins, well worth it. We had the grilled chicken bibimbap in stone pot and the regular minced meat bibimbap. We also had the Korean version of sushi with bulgogi filling. Loved the bibimbap. It's pretty healthy fare. The regular bibimbap needed some Kim chi to hit the spot for me but my grilled chicken was spot on. The 'sushi'  was delicious. Everything is fresh. Service is fast.Cute small korean place in downtown. Their food is pretty good. However, their kimchi that they served as side dish is quite different from other korean restaurants, not my kind of taste/kimchi. Otherwise, you gotta try their unique teokkbokki poutine and their teokkbeokki cheese! Since, they renovated their place, there's a lot more people going there so don't be surprised if there's a line up! And also there's a kitchen break from 4-5pm, mostly everyday.very nice place!! not much aesthetic appeal from the outside and very hard to spot..as it has no name and is adjacent to a laundromat but is a little gem on a busy street !! everything we tried was amazing. I recommend the ramyun noodles and chicken Katsu, the price is very good $10-$15 max for large portions plus has a cool vibe with k-pop music playing in the background, BEWARE of rush hour, huge lineups outside the restaurant and wait time can be long.Yep.....you have a short wait, but so worth it.Food is delicious, it's served fast and priced right.The place has really good vibe and people are enjoying themselves.So yummy -Visited Montreal for the first time last summer in July and I've honestly been thinking about this spot ever since. As someone who loves Korean food, GaNaDara is pretty up there in my opinion in terms of delicious Korean food. It is a fairly small restaurant so be prepared to wait as the line can go out the door. The servers were pretty nice despite the rush. During my trip my friends and I went there twice in which we ordered the bibimbap, tofu soup, poutine fries, and rice cakes just to name a few. Next time I'm back in Montreal I'm planning on making a trip back.Probably the best Korean  restaurant I have ever been to in Montreal. The place is small and it has nothing on the outside that shows the characteristics of an average restaurant, except the long line of people waiting to grab a seat. The food is amazing! Very tasty, but very spicy for a person with a low tolerance in spiciness like me.Love love love LOVE this place. Their tteokbokki poutine with chicken (literally THE ultimate korean fusion meal) is my go-to. I have low tolerance for spicy food (I know, I know, for some of you, Ganadara is not spicy at all) but will power through because the food is just too good.The wait time can be a bit long but you can always order for takeout!I was very pumped to try out GaNaDaRa after all the reviews and drooling over the pics of the food on Yelp. Regarding the vegetarian options it's really limited to their bibimbaps which is disappointing BUT I appreciate how transparent they are about their dishes. I tried the Tofu Dolsot Bibimbap which is really fantastic! I loved the fried tofu and the spicy sauce on the side is really great. My friend who is pescatarian swears by the tsunami ttoboki and the normal one of us loved the bulgogi beef. For the food I'd give it a 3 stars for vegetarians and a 5 stars for all the usual people! My only bone to pick was the slow service. They were very friendly and even brought us more kimchi but it was just snail paced! Go looking for good food and ready for the wait! I promise it's worth it!After an evening flight in Montreal, this place was still open when I wandered around for dinner. So thats a plus. Definitely lots of young college students coming here as the restaurant still had a line at 10 PM. I didn't like that the servers just let you gather at the vestibule until there's an empty table, but they were nice and friendly. The menu is interesting to say the least, but I was playing it safe with a tofu dolsot bbb. I didn't expect the tofu to be fried but that was a nice touch, I think all tofu bbb should be like that. Not so cool that as I was scarfing down some greasy ass food the only entertainment choice was kpop video.Great food. I've been there multiple times and the food has been consistent. Would definitely recommend, although it gets quite packed and a bit tight in there.I've been to GaNaDaRa twice and have had very pleasant experiences both times.  Their tsunami tteokbokki was so incredible, I had it both times I was there. Next time I go, I'll try to switch it up because I'm sure the rest of their menu is great as well.The only reason I'm just giving them 4 stars is that because it's so busy and because they only have a couple of servers on the floor at a time, the service is a bit slow.  They're very nice but it's difficult to get their attention sometimes.Food is great and price very reasonable. Service was fast and good. Waited 20 mins outside though. Its more like a student place since its cheap and meals are pretty good in size. Would definitely come again.Best non-general tao dish I've ever had. Why's it so light? And crispy? Why? How? The ramen bowl was also great, but it's that Korean general Tao that I still think about.Lines can get pretty long so be prepared to wait during peak hours. For the price and quality of food, it's worth the wait. Fantastic waiters too, to top it off.my first food stop since arriving into montreal! a little difficult to find since there's no name out at the front but the girl at the hotel that i'm staying at knew where it was since she said there's almost always a line out the door. i arrived on a sunday afternoon and the place was packed - mainly tables of 2-4. luckily just waited less than 10 minutes for a spot. service was prompt and friendly - all staff, almost all customers were college-aged young asians. they automatically serve water and kim chi and the menu is nicely organized. looks like a lot of folks ordered the bimbimbap but i of course had to try their poutine. all poutines come with tobboki (chewy rice cakes, fish cakes, cabbage, and egg) and at $8-9 it's a pretty good deal for the hefty portion that you get - would definitely recommend splitting if you're coming in for a snack. the food came out relatively quickly and was really fresh - french fries were crisp, rice cakes were awesomely chewy, fish cakes had a nice flavor, and it was perfectly spicy (good thing the water was there!). i was disappointed at first that they used shredded mozzarella instead of cheese curds i quickly understood that the chewy rice cakes balanced out the textures nicely. it was a bit messy to eat and i wasn't sure if i should use my fingers (since they're fries) or chopsticks (since it's a bit messy) but tummies don't care! clean single bathrooms, good place even for solo diners like me since they have kpop music videos playing. you pay at the counter (credit cards allowed).This store than before the 2014 renovation to be good. I've been several timesdelicious! I came here a few years ago when it first opened and wasnt at all convinced. I had had a kimchi pancake that time which was drenched in oil and impossible to finish and a very mediocre bibimbap. this time around, my friend had the dolsot bibimbap and i had the vegetable tobboki and we shared an appetizer of spicy tuna tartare on zucchini slices (about 6 pieces for 8$) everything was absolutely fresh and delicious, albeit very spicy. i love spicy food and even for me it was just a tad too much but i still scarfed it down cause it was too good. will be coming back very soon that;s for sure!Pretty good cheap Korean food. I liked the ramyun soup and dak balls.I love ganadara and I live right next to it. IT's great Korean komfort food. I always get the kimchijeon and the rappoki, without a doubt. All their food is great but those are 2 things I could not live withoutI came here with my friend at around 10 pm (after we took a nap after our first day in Montreal) -- it took us a little while to find it, but we got there eventually lol. We were first inclined to come when we saw photos of the ddukbokki poutine, and we also ordered the dak (?) balls which were little fried chicken balls. Although I wasn't a huge fan of the dak balls -- they were a little too breaded and not interestingly flavored enough for my taste, the ddukbokki poutine was life changing srsly.. woah. Rice cake apparently shares a similar consistency with cheese curds, so they subbed that pretty well -- along with adding shredded mozzarella and fries. The whole ordeal was topped with ddukbokki sauce, but not drenched & soupy so the fries were still crispy. I'd want to take off stars for service because it was close to none, but I get that it was late and the nature of the place was just very casual, late night dining. Drunk food? Also their wifi doesn't work. But you should be eating anyway.Delicious Korean food! It's as authentic as it gets! The price was very reasonable for the amount of food we got. I tried the beef bulgogi on rice and it was good. The beef could have had more flavour to it. But this place is a great Korean restaurant to go to!!J'y suis allée plusieurs fois et ai apprécié à chaque fois. Le poulet croustillant avec sauce qui goûte un peu le BBQ est tout simplement trop bon, et j'aimerais le prendre à chaque fois.

One more time--this is a real bar. Enjoy the experience.Great dive bar, come here after dodgeball to relax and socialize. Staff are great and always attentive. The burgers are awesome and they have a great  variety of beer and any mixed drink you can cook up! They have made some great upgrades with new big HD flatscreens, and shuffleboard. cool place to chill anytime!Love it!Burgers are awesome. Cheap beer, and whackadoodles everywhere!!

So if you're craving for Poke  or just want to be daring and try something new, this is a place to go. Located at Craig Rd. North Las Vegas.Fell in love with Poke in Hawaii, tried to make it myself...ok but not great.  This place rocks for a Poke addiction, you can try several different kinds from Spicy Mayo to Wasabi Ginger to Garlic Avocado...all are fantastic! Only buy what you want to eat that day, maybe 1/2 or 1/4 pound-- I didn't like it the next day but that is just me and fish in general. Healthy and yummy - a favorite spot for a quick bite. No seating in or outside...so take your poke across the street to the park for a picnic!  Mahalo!!I love poke, but there really aren't any places on my side of town to get it. When I find myself in the North side area for work, I always stop here to grab a couple pounds. The Hawaiian, avocado, and spicy pokes are solid options. I have had the lomi lomi salmon a couple of times and once it was packed with fish accented with tomatoes, but other times it has been more like pico de gallo with the occasional piece of fish- not consistent. Stick to the poke!No room to dine in, rice available until they run out. Some additional Hawaiian foods/snacks are available for purchase in the refrigerators and shelves. Service is friendly and efficient, there is often a line but it moves quick.We come here whenever we are in Vegas to get some good classic Poke!It's a little out of the strip but it's worth it if you like Poke! They have a good selection of local food and the poke selection is really good too! Prices are standard and the ahi limu poke is really good!My favorite Coffee Plantation, although I miss the one at the Biltmore!! Coffee is way better than Starbucks!! For a great local coffee place, come here!!I adore the Wine Shop at Rivergate..the staff is very friendly, the wine selection huge and the food is Incredible...Nice size portions..Lots of different choice and sauces... The salads are wonderful with fresh dressings.. The Calamari tender..The pizza light and good...You can order a tasting of a wine a small portion or a full glass...Dont miss it!Nice friendly service. Great wine selections. I love the cheese with the balsamic reduction and toast.  This is a great restaurant to meet friends in, but if you are looking for something manly and hearty, it's not for you.  They make great fresh light provencial meals. I go crazy for it, but my husband grones at the mention of it.  He wants his steak and burgers.My wife and I were invited to this place by some fellow beer lovers, and we were not disappointed. The Wine Shop is located in a fairly busy shopping center, easy to miss if you don't know what you are looking for.A nice little wine shop with decent beer selection. There is a small bar with about three taps, and a fairly decent bottle selection. I did not try the food, but was impressed with the overall atmosphere of the place. The waitstaff was fairly attentive, and informative. We will definately be back when we are able to try the menu along with a good beer.Great food. Great service. The best beer selection in all of Steele Creek.Had a late lunch today, around 2 pm. Fairly empty.  It's been a while since our last visit, but the staff remembered us and treated us in a very welcoming style. Had the Reuben  with a nice side salad. My wife had the Ahi tuna coated with sesame seeds. A large, tasty portion for only $9.50. Good food, reasonably priced and friendly efficient service.I owe The Wine Shop an update. I live near by. My wife and I frequent this place and since this experience some time ago - seaming like ancient history.They have really stepped up their game. The food is quality and the staff has been significantly upgraded over the years. I have no problem telling you now that they know who we are and take VERY good care of us every time we come in. In all it's made for a consistent choice for an every week way to have good meal and a great glass of wine or beer. Beyond the fact I think their response to my initial review was very  disappointing....I would actually update to give them 5 stars if they just had more vegetarian / vegan choices for my wife AND they offered the tacos all day ;-)Great place to sit either inside or out and enjoy a sampler of international cheeses and great wine or beer.  We enjoyed the antipasti dish and Spanish cheese.Overall a great dining experience. The food was good, served quickly and to order. For a wine shop, they have lots of options from the standard meats and cheeses to burgers and entrees. Wines by the glass menu is fairly large, with options of taste, flight and glasses size options. Nice inside seating along with an outdoor patio. The weather kept us from sitting outside.Got to meet up for dinner with friends last night and I have to say -- It's been TOO long since I've been to The Wine Shop. It has been a fave spot for several years, to grab lunch, to meet a girl friend for a glass of wine, for date night and we've even attended a couple of their events (wine/beer pairing dinners).  We have NEVER been disappointed. Chef's dishes are always outstanding and of course, how could you want for anything more complete in the beer or wine department?  The mushroom soup (I wish I ordered, I only tasted) with truffle oil was excellent, my salad was fresh and super cold crisp.  I actually went with the quiche of the day (asparagus and goat cheese) -- and unusual choice for me, but it just sounded really good. Hubby ordered the fish special, pan seared sea bass with tomatillo salsa verde, fingerling potatos and done-just-right asparagus.  It was beautiful and I think he really liked it, because i nearly had to fight him for a bite!   We finished off with a dessert, which we never do, both our friends (ordered the cream filled cannolli) and ours (chocolate (lava-type) cake with vanilla ice cream were OUTstanding!We won't wait so long to go back. (held back one star just because while it's trendy and bistro-ish... I do kind of like comfy, and the little table we had was a little cramped. But with the good company and really great food and wine, I barely noticed...We love the wine shop! In fact we are there so often the waitress commented that our eight month old is getting big!! The food is very, very good (the truffle fries are the best we've ever had and don't go without getting them and their club sandwich is delicious!!) i've ordered entrées on many occasions as well and they've never disappointed me. The service is always good and the prices are reasonable. They can be busy so call ahead is definitely recommended! We especially love sitting on their patio during the nice months! Also I'm not much of a beer drinker but their beer and wine selection is incredible. Also this area doesn't have many open restaurants on Sundays and those that are serve brunch only. We are not huge brunch fans and I appreciate that they will allow us to order many items from their lunch menu instead (they switch over to lunch at 2 PM but we tend to be there before that). Great place!This place has every and any Wine you can think of. Be sure to check out the Wine tasting on the weekends that is free to. The food here is also very good as well.I love this place.  They have an awesome beer and wine selection.  I have never tried anything there was wasn't good.  The best thing I have tried there is their blue cheese chicken salad, I have never had anything like it and it is really good.Consistent, comfortable, and chill. This is my go-to place when I don't want to go very far for dinner or drinks. It's perfect for date night or a night of quiet conversation with a friend. I've been here a handful of times and have been pleased each time. The servers are friendly and attentive, the wine selection is amazing, and the food is also consistently good. I was expecting the quality of food at a wine shop to be mediocre at best, but I was wrong. An added bonus is the good music that's always on rotation here (Placebo, Portishead, Radiohead, etc - yay!)Come here when you're in the mood to unwind with a glass of wine and/or food. Get a patio seat if the weather permits (oh, but if you're sensitive to the cigar smoke, then there's a chance you'll be seated next to a cigar smoker). You'll very likely enjoy your experience.We eat here all the time. I hesitate to review as tables are hard enough to get as it is! Great wine with knowledgeable servers and good food. Love the apple and goat cheese salad!Great variety of food & wine. Their shrimp & grits are wonderful-fried grit cake instead of creamy grits. Staff is always friendly & attentive.It had been a loooong time since the fella and I came here, and our last experience wasn't that awesome, but we decided to give it another try... and I'm so glad we did!It was hoppin' on a Wednesday night at 8:00, and we got the only available table inside - even the bar was packed. We were promptly seated and waited on, and we each got a glass of wine to start. For dinner, I went with the fig, prosciutto, and gorgonzola flatbread ($9.99) and the fella got the cast iron salmon with fingerling potatoes and veggies ($16). He's a little bit of a salmon snob, and he ate the whole thing. I had only planned on eating half my flatbread, and I ate the whole thing. Clean plate club all around! We each got a second glass of wine and relaxed a little after dinner, and our waitress couldn't have been more pleasant. The total bill was $62 for two entrees and four glasses of wine - not too shabby.Great service! Great food! Great wine! But it was a little chilly because all the tables are by the door. Can't wait to visit again.The wine shop is quickly becoming one of my favorite destinations for dinner in my new area. The indoor area is warm and cozy and I cannot wait to use the outdoor when the weather improves.Obviously one of my favorite aspects about this restaurant is the wine. It isn't just the selection but also the fact that if you order wine by the glass they will bring out a sample of an ounce or two to be sure you like it before committing. They bring even more beer if you want a sample! Everything I have sampled so far has been delicious and it has the flexibility to be a destination for a nice dinner out or a casual tapas night. Or just a place to stop by a purchase a bottle of wine while you are out shopping! Definitely check it out if you are in the area.Very nice neighborhood joint in the Steel Creek/Rivergate part of town. They have an impressive menu offering (not expected from a wine shop). My friend goes there often, and she swears by the truffle fries. Unfortunately we ate so much during brunch that we didn't get to eat anything but a small order of manchego cheese ($6.50 - 2 good size slices with bread and oil/balsamic)Since I impromptu gave up alcohol for 40 days, it was challenging to hang out at a wine place. Luckily they have a lemongrass non-alcoholic frizzy drink that was quite yummy (but very gassy) as well as other natural soda/fancy water options. They have a good amount of wine by the glass to choose from, average $9 for a decent pour. The lady behind the bar was very nice; she made good suggestions and was overall attentive. Definitely a good spot if you live around the area.I've only ever been here twice. The first time was for some wine and cheese one night. The other time my boyfriend and I came here for brunch. It was pretty delicious, however the food was a little cold, which is why I didn't give them 5 stars. I will defiantly be back to try brunch again, as well as dinner one night. The waitstaff is super nice, and they really know what there talking about as as far as wine pairing goes.I was pleasantly surprised by how big the menu was, I expected bar bites but there is a full on menu with reasonable prices.  The truffle goat cheese fries are great, the ahi tuna is delish (the sauce has a pinch of wasabi in it), the flat breads are more like personal sized pizzas rather than the traditional flat breads that I was expecting.  The cheese plate presentation is a bit odd.  I ordered 2 cheeses and 2 meats and it came on a large, square plate with 4 individual plates within in the larger 1.  There was tzatziki sauce with it, place oddly on top of 1 of the smaller plates...no crackers???  The waitress did bring out focaccia bread (which was good by the way) & oil but I don't believe that was for the cheese plate as I saw everyone getting that bread bowl.  I was expecting crackers and a cheese board rather than this oddly large platter.  Planet Oregon wine is GOOD GOOD GOOD!  We bought a bottle home with us!  Our waitress Jordan was polite and VERY knowledgeable...attentive too!  My husband and I went for dinner around 7:30 on a Saturday and was told that the wait was 30 mins. we opted to sit at the bar (which is fine with us, we usually find our way to the bar eventually anyway! :)).  We noticed that the crowd started to die down about 8:30, 9 (note to self in case we come with a larger party and need a table).  This place is basically in our backyard, I expect to be here a lot during patio season!Really nice place for river gate. Small selection on the flight menu. Food is reasonably priced and portioned. Wished they had more selections to pair with the wine. Not your traditional wine bar. Well light with restaurant/bar seating instead of your normal darker more lounge seating in a wine bar. At any rate, it's somewhere to go other than hickory tavern in Steele creek!Read the reviews and figured I would treat the hot wife to something special. The waiting room is serene and pleasant. Very welcoming. The rooms are quiet and inviting for the experience to come. Soft lighting and music set the mood. Carol did a fabulous job. Paid attention to my wifes neck and back and shoulders. The foot work was outstanding. Overall it was a fantastic experience!Hubby desperately needed a massage, so I went directly to my friendly little YELP ap and found this great place not too far from where we were staying.  Easy to get to and a nice facility.  He said that their staff was extremely friendly.  The masseuse focused on the target areas that they spoke about beforehand, it was very reasonably priced and he will be back!  And I can't wait to go myself!I got a 60min massage here, based on high yelp reviews.  Paid $55 for a full hour. Was not let down! The massage table was the most comfortable one I've ever experienced...warm, cushy, super soft sheets....Gabi did a great job...no complaints!Only thing that made my visit less than 5 starts was afterwards when I went to the reception area to pay, nobody was behind the desk. I waited a good 5 minutes before the receptionist came in and then she was on the phone scheduling someone. I will definitely go back!!What a great place! I called on a Sunday morning hoping they had availability and they fit me right in. Candice did an OUTSTANDING job. I had a 90 min deep tissue massage that was sheer bliss. Her technique was great, pressure was perfect (when I asked for firm pressure she wasn't afraid to use the more.)  Their prices are extremely reasonable and the spa is very clean. I loved that I wasn't charged extra for aroma therapy. Spa is on the small side and they do not have steam or sauna facilities like some of the bigger spas. For the price and atmosphere they provide it is well worth every penny. I will definitely be going back!So far have tried a facial here and bikini wax.  Great ambiance, very clean and calm and quiet. Everyone is friendly and very professional.  Will definitely be back to try a massage.Today was my first visit and I will definitely be back! I had a wonderful hot stone massage by Gabby. It was amazing followed up by a facial by Irene. I 've never felt more pampered or relaxed.I was a first time visitor and overall enjoyed my experience. The masseur I had was so great. I truly enjoyed the mix between the stretching part of the massage and the relaxing part. Here are my thoughts on Touch of Tranquility:Pros:

2. Coffee cake- really amazing!

They have great sales all the time, every week and the have a CVS reward card, let me tell you this card is well worth the time it takes to use it.

3) Open 24 hoursCons:

-Carne Asada burrito: I managed to get a bite of this from whom I was eating with. It's basically what you get in a taco, in burrito form (with rice, beans, etc.). Much too heavy for me, so I'd rather stick with the tacos.All in all, a solid trip. I would eat here again, but wouldn't go out of my way for this place.  I'd call this place radius eating: If I'm in the area, then definitely I'll make an effort to stop on by for a bite.After wanting mexican food, and wanting to try something new. I stumbled upon this place. How you know its going to be good? Well having to point at the menu or ordering by number because you dont speak spanish. I had the Combo #1. A Burrito with meat of your choice. A Taco. Chips Beans and Rice. About the burrito i got with Carne Asada. It was perfectly seasoned and bundled tight. It looks smaller than some burritos at other places but they pack it with more meat and less on the beans and rice. So its feeling as hell. And the green salsa isnt bland IT HAS A KICK TO IT. The kind of kick that opens up your sinuses. So i will try the red at some point and i can handle spicy. On to the Taco. It was packed with carne asada to. And was moist and delicious. They use fresh vegetables. The chips were perfectly fried. The beans had bits of onions in them, and the cheese was gooey and melted on top. The rice was moist and fluffy not dry and dense with some meals at other places. I wanted a Al pastor taco but they were out. Hence the 4 stars but it was 11pm when i went in. And the tacos are only 1.35 thats a deal with how big they are too.This place is a real find. One of the best places for Mexican on the east side. Everything is fresh. The juices, the fish, the tortillas, everything. I have had the tortas, tacos, enchiladas, I'm always satisfied. The fish taco has numerous pieces of fried fish sticks that I always want to pick out of my taco and eat them plain they're so good. And something about the green salsa here gets me every time. Only reason they don't get 5 stars is cuz they are a little dirty. I've never wanted to sit and eat here. Doesn't mean I haven't but I prefer to get it Togo.Very friendly staff. I ordered the burrito taco combo with shredded beef. The ingredients were very fresh from the salsa to the homemade drinks up front. If your getting a car wash next door it's a great place to grab a bite. Very good!Good authentic mexican food and fast service. Great stop for lunch. Eat at these places instead of McDonald's and Jack in the Box!Very authentic Mexican food.  Great salsa bar.  Burrito combo plate for $7.50.  Close to NELLIS AFB.  They sell old fashion coke bottles.  Their Horchata is awesome!Great food and fast service!!! The verde salsa is so good!!! I got the carne asada and carnitas tacos meal to go. The tacos are stuffed FULL! And they are very tasty (got mine without sauce so I could add my own) The only thing I wish they would do for to-go orders is wrap the tacos in foil so the tortillas don't get wet and soggy.My dealings with The Willick Law Group were spaced out over a year and was a very  stressful  experience for me due to the very nature of my case.  They were actually the 2nd law firm I had as the first one didn't do QDRO's but didn't refer me to them until after I'd obtained the judgment.  I don't think my case would have dragged on as long as it did had WLG been the original firm.  My attorney was Trevor Creel who was very easy to talk with and quite knowledgeable  and I have no complaints whatsoever.  Faith was also wonderful to deal with.  Marshall Willick was present at the last hearing and after seeing him in action was happy he was there.My only complaint during the whole ordeal is not with WLG but rather the Judge who I thought was out of line on several occasions and kept dragging the case on and on. I would not think twice about using them again and highly recommend them.My go-to PetSmart!  The people here are always nice and friendly when me and the pups roll through for some pet goods.  I believe I even picked up a few fish from here for my fish tank and they are still alive today contrary to most chain pet stores where all the fish are sick and on death's door when you go and choose 'em out.  This location is relatively clean and well kept.  My wife and I usually frequent the groomers at PetSmart to get their nails trimmed and like mentioned earlier, they are nice and very friendly (shout out to my braddah from Hawaii.. howzit!) and always willing to answer questions.Not too shabby PetSmart on N. Nellis!  Keep up the service and I'll be coming back time and time again.  See ya when the pet food runs out!Love this store!Employees are so very helpful!  We had a stray cat who had kittens, and then abandoned them.  A very patient gal at this store helped us with what we needed ('formula', bottles, etc) and gave us advice on how to handle the little angels.  Fortunately, 'mom' did return and took care of her brood.On another occasion, I was in the store to really take a hard look at the cat food, both wet and dry, as I was concerned about all the bad pet food stories (i.e., ingredients from China, pets getting sick, etc).  I was helped by a very nice older gentleman, sorry I didn't catch his name, who absolutely understood what I wanted, and explained about both Hill's and Science Diet foods being made in the good old USA (imagine that!).  We've had good luck switching our cats to the Science Diet dry, but they won't take to the wet.  Still eating Fancy Feast, which does get some of its ingredients from China.  (Ingredients that apprarently they can't find in the US, per their email to me....um, what?).  We will still be working on converting our kids to a US-friendly or even organic wet pet food.I truly appreciate all the help the employees of this PetSmart have offered.  They really do know their stuff.The Salon Store Manager                              " Mellissa Contreras" handled a delicate matter. She listened, gave us options, and gave us a resolution. I expected a defensive staff in denial but instead she accepted responsibility and resolved the issue.  It was a great sense of relief being that we spend a lot of money at the store and salon. She made us feel appreciated. Thank you Mellissa! Great job!It's the closest thing you'll get to an actual bird farm! They had a variety of beautiful birds to choose from. Lovebirds, conures, cockatiels, parrots, macaws, parakeets, finches, canaries, and I'm probably missing a few. DON'T expect the place to be calm and clean. With over a hundred birds in cages of course it's going to be noisy. There was one parrot who was talking and laughing and another that mimicked my whistle :) We chose a beautiful baby blue cheek conure (7 months old). At first he was scared and in shock but a day later he loosened up a lot! The workers here were helpful and friendly. You can tell they were knowledgeable about birds by how they handled them and shared their experiences and tips. Bird Farm is much more affordable than a lot of pet stores (especially the big ones)! They sell cages, food, and supplies too. The only complaint I have is the air, I wish they had more open doors and windows! But it's understandable since it's not too big of a place.Went here last week after finding out about them on yelp. Decided to look at what exotic birds and supplies they had. Once you get there, you'll see its a bird farm/appliance store/golf cart repair. Inside they have a room just full of birds, cockatiels, finches, love birds, parakeets, canaries, conures, and macaws. Most of the smaller birds are babies just a few months old, but the bigger more expensive birds are a few years older. The baby conures are still nippy because theyre around birds more than people. To compare to petsmart or petco, petsmart usually has only 1 or 2 conures separated from each other in a big glass cage, but they at least get to see all the people that come and go. But the birds here are together, bonded with each other already or they barely get the attention it needs to be comfortable with humans. The workers seemed shy, but once you ask them a question, theyre very knowledgeable and friendly. Their prices for birds are cheaper than most pet store. If youre serious on getting a bird, come here to at least see their prices and breeds to compare to what else you can find in vegas.These folks manage several single family rentals for me in Las Vegas. They have been in LV real estate for many years, and seem to be in touch with the difficult  LV rental market. My statements come in a timely maner. I would recommend them, though communication is a little slow sometimes. I am in no other way associated with them. I am leaving this review to help others, as it was not easy living in a different state, and finding a good prop. manager there.Items are a little pricey but I can find anything that I need here... From spices to filipino snacks! It's convenient because it's only like a 5min drive from my house...So im glad this place has stuck around. Also nice to see theyre expanding to add a restaurant.  I am concerned about the foul odor that comes from the fact that they have seafood. Other than that they have friendly staff and reasonable prices.This is my go to place for last minute Asian goods needs. The place is a cute lil mom and pop shop. They carry most of the items that the big grocery stores carry. The prices of the goods are decent. I've been lucky to catch a fried sweets every now and then, fried kamote and Karioka (spelling not to sure about lol).  Last time I was there, they were building an addition, what looked like a juice bar.Fun place to watch sports (mainly football, basketball and NASCAR), play pool, shuffleboard, etcetera. The bartenders are friendly and humorous. The drinks and bar food are reasonably priced. They frequently comp drinks there and the gaming is inexpensive.  Several rewarding locals appreciate the gaming there. The only complaint I have is that it's too smoky in there at times. Overall, it's a cool place to hang out or while taking a break from shopping, or on the way to the speedway.Cool spot! Cheap drinks and one bowed pool  table. Great music through the juke box and freind bartenders.I honestly love this location. Store is very clean and orderly. The meat department has great quality meats and fish. I really enjoy the deli here as well. Another thing I'd like to point out is they carry a small variety of craft beer here which sometimes saves me an extra trip.Fresh bagels and donuts first thing in the morning!!! And cheaper than any other place.Just did a  shopping trip to the local Smith store and was pleased by the good customer service I received at the deli counter and meat department. There were also a few staff members wandering the store who were helpful when I had questions about prices or where to find things.Prices are fair, and produce selection is varied and they even have a good selection of organic fruits and vegetables. However, the meat counter smells to high heaven. Some weekends it's just rotten. If fish smells fishy, it's old and beyond it's due date. I lived by the ocean. Also if you can smell the meat counter, something is rotten, or someone doesn't know how to flush the drain correctly. I worked in a butcher shop in college and would have been fired if my counter smelled like that.Nice, clean place. Prices aren't to bad either. Parking sucks on the first of the month though.This is one of my go to grocery stores since I literally live across the street from it. Aisles are always clean, not really any carts in the parking lot, and great prices. The staff is very friendly and the recognize me since I always come around the same late hour. The only problem I have is with the type of customers that come here! But then again, they dont control who comes.This place is one of my favorite Mexican seafood restaurants in town. I love shrimp ceviche and theirs comes closest to my mom's. The tostada has a generous amount of delicious ceviche. One is enough to fill me up and is relatively inexpensive.I tried their chilaquiles and they were decent. Very spicy, but they weren't too flavorful. I wasn't too impressed with their rice and beans either. They weren't bad, but like the chilaquiles, they lacked flavor. I did enjoy their fish tacos though. I guess you can play it safe by ordering their seafood.I find it difficult to stray from my usual ceviche tostada, but I look forward to going back and trying some of their other menu items. Definitely a place I'll visit when I crave ceviche!Good grubbin when out on the east side. Specializes in Mexican seafood, dank complimentary chips and salsa and fresh limes. Most of the menu is in spanish, i learn as i go.Fresh seafood and delicious sauces.  "The best hueovos rancheros I have ever had" was how a table mate put it. Another had so many langostinos on his plate he had to share.   The guacamole was the best as long as you can appreciate all those little green specks of jalapeno.  4 people $60The food is great just the waiter suck no joke and I hate that they sell you every drink in other words no fountain drinks they sell you every pop but over all it's good little priceyI love this place the food is good and the service. But don't ask for marriachi band music. They coming in want to play a song  a charge 15$for song the manager don't said nothing becase they don't work for the restaurant but they let them in to playOk for being a hole in the wall the place is good. All the waitresses are attentive and good looking. The salsa is on point. Im a hige salsa fan and I have to say some of the best I got was here.I had the shrimp cocktail because thats what I was craving. It was plentiful on shrimp but it lacked some Pico.The place it self has a small fish market inside and a couple large tvs. If there is a happy hour I would be here more often. All and all im definitely coming back and would recommend to others.Just finished eating the Mojarra Frita and it was delicious. The garlic sauce they serve with it is to die for. Haven't been here in a while because of a bad burrito meal about a year ago, but they have definitely stepped there game up. Droop we gotta try this place again.The food is okay.. I like the environment here reminds me of Mexico, the waitresses are fast... we never got offer refills on our drinks tho but we didn't wait a long time to get our food eitherSuper good micheladas. I recommend Los camarones caporales. I had them yesterday and they were delicious !I'm not a huge KFC fan, but I heard about their chicken pot pies and had to try them out for myself. We asked for three pies, but they only had two pies ready to sell, the next pies would have been ready 19 minutes later. When I got my pie, I could see why. I was expecting a tiny, microwaveable pie, but what I got was much better! This was definitely a hearty meal. The pie had lots of yummy crust on the outside and a wealth of chicken, carrots, peas, and potatoes inside. It was delicious. And I believe it was only $3.99, with a drink included! I will definitely be revisiting KFC for these pies, especially.Not to bad. Good chicken and fast service. People are friendly to. Not as good as Popeyes but ok.Don't make it too this location to often but have never had any complaints about service. People are very friendly and that makes all the difference when visiting a Denny's. Place is kept clean to include restrooms.We came here after a stress-filled morning and were pleasantly surprised. This Denny's is nothing like the one we'd been to previously. The cook actually did a great job, the service was spot-on and the waitress was awesome.I love it here me and my wife come almost everyday everybody is great from the manger to our hostess cece they are always in a happy moodFood was on point, so good.. The waitress was very respectful and nice brought our food out hot and ready to eat, kept on checking to make sure we had everything that we needed. Will be returningApplebee's offers a great happy hour, "The 2 for 20" deal and tons of drinks to choose from....A great Family/Friend spot with booze :D I like this Location because It's always very clean and the servers are great.For my money,The Two 4 entrees with appetizer is a much better deal that MCDONALDS SUPERSIZED MENU hands down.Service was great and food was delicious! Had a great time with my girlfriend! Will ba coming back!!My wife and i eat here a lot since it is in our neighborhood.  Today we met up with me parents who are in town.

If you don't have a dick, bring your boyfriend or husband.After a few sake bombers....you'll have a dick on your hands for sure.Had dinner with friends at Sapporo a few months ago.  Although I'm not a fan of Japanese food (that's probably on the what must be a VERY short list of things my husband would change about me), I loved the teppanyaki grill.  Pricing, dependent on your entree, includes a shrimp starter, soup, salad, fried rice, and veggies.  Plus a little sorbet at the end.Standouts were the fried rice, which is a complete meal itself, and the sea bass/filet mignon combo ($42).  The sea bass was melt in your mouth and the filet fork tender.  The pineapple martini was also fantastic.My only complaint is that like most teppan grills, they like to cram in as many seats as possible.  If I wanted to sit in someone's lap, I would prefer to do it in private and away from my spouse.  Also, do not under any circumstances, consider Sapporo for a quiet romantic dinner.  It is crowded and it is loud, but I can see the appeal.The staff was friendly and engaging.  The food was good - though I wouldn't recommend the calamari steak.The restaurant looks nice and the quality is super. Perhaps it would be appropriate to describe the ambiance as the PF Chang of Japanese food. If you're looking to get happy hour and dinner, look to spend about 30-40 dollars. But it's easily worth the money.The domestic beer is only 3 dollars and for sashimi, in particular the salmon sashimi, you can get 6 for 6 dollars.My besties took me here for my birthday this year when I said I was craving a little sushi and a little kobe steak. Our waitress was awesome! She recommended different sushis and sashimis that I had not tried before and because it was my birthday and I could do what I wanted, I ordered a ton of different ones to go with a small filet. We polished a bottle (or two) of good red wine, a few martinis, and sake all for the sAKE of birthday girl wishes. What I love about Sapporo is that you can do a Teppan table or just do a basic sushi 'order off the menu' type of dinner. My favorite roll became the 'Friends with Benefits' roll. Everything that a friend.. with benes.. should be. But I ate it and left .. Ha! Mention a birthday or special occasion and they will bring you a treat. Summer has the Happy Hour All Day Menu.. Do that while you watch cougars prey on the young!Great wait staff.  Our waitress was phenomenal (i wish I could recall her name as she truly deserved 5 stars)...,fathers day 7pm reservation....middle Teppanyaki table.  Our chef, "tom cruise", was equally phenomenal and provided the best Teppanyaki dinner show I've seen (blows away Benihana); a true entertainer.  Price wasn't bad and they had both a kids menu for Teppanyaki and a happy hour menu for a slightly smaller portion, which reduced the impact on your wallet.  The wine pour was generous.  My only criticism and reason for 4 stars was the vegetable portion was skimpy and didn't include bean sprouts.  If they could upsize the vegetable portion on their Teppanyaki,  this would be a 5 star review.I love this place, the happy hour is the best! You have to reserve a teppen table to get the best experience..the Mango Martini is to die for. I went there for my b-day a few years back for happy hour and I did take my kids..they loved it and the staff was very helpful and kid freindly.Sopporo is in my opinion, the best sushi in Scottsdale. The best time to hit it is during lunch or happy hour. It gets pretty packed in the evening, but during the day I say sit at the bar and have a Vegas Roll, my favorite item on the menu. The prices are a little steep in the evening, but usually they have all day happy hour, and that's where it's at. The service is always good, I've never had a bad experience there.AMAZING food - horrible bartenders lolWe dined again at Sapporo last night with friends and it was excellent as always-

Convenient parking right out front!

- .......plethora of eateries - CH-CH-CHECKKK!"Red Rock" is by far your "one stop shop" minus the confusion that is "The Strip". There's less nicotine wafting around for non-smokers and bearing in mind that my sister suggested we stop off here (she's a local) for "family day" within my last visit trip to Vegas, I'm led to to conclude that it comes:"Mother Tested / Kid Approved".Like most venues out this way, parking is FREE-ninety nine, ahaha!, and for those in search of some "on The Strip" action upon ditching the kids and being afforded a bit of "adult" time........, while there's a nightclub on-site,..... there's also a shuttle on grounds to not only traverse you to Tropicana and Flamingo, but to the airport as well.In short, this place comes HIGHLY recommended.Red Rock............... ROCK ONNNNNNN!For off the strip it's a great Casino. Stayed in a suite for $435. Kind of pricey for off the strip but space was huge and clean. Pool was nice. Restaurants below average I thought. Nice having two Starbucks.My favorite casino off the strip. It has a great restaurant selection, two of my favorites being The Yard House and Lucile's BBQ. The atmosphere is very pleasant, it's kind of a modern elegance with a classic touch. All the staff is very friendly and make you feel welcomed and comfortable. What I really like is that there is a section of the casino that is a nonsmoking part. Usually at other casinos it doesn't make a difference because the smoke travels however, at Red Rock you actually cannot smell the smoke in the nonsmoking section which is really nice. A good parking spot is very easy to find here as well.Well off the strip, but sometimes you need to get away from all that hustle and bustle. Red Rock is a beautiful, and huge resort, with lots of dining options, a bowling alley, a movie theater and a few pools. The typical "vegas pool" is hard to "lounge" when you're packed in like sardines and fighting for a prime spot next to the water. At Red Rock, the pool area is so big there's plenty of chairs, and "beds" to hang out at without the chance of sitting on top sweaty party goers. It was a great change of relaxing, drinking, and wading in the clear, unclouded waters of a vegas hotel. I would definitely recommend this resort for a relaxing getaway with or without children. It's a place for young adults, and families!I am specifically writing this review for those who never venture off the Strip. The Red Rock defies the cynics who used to insist you can't place a casino inside a residential area (off the Vegas Strip) without harming the neighborhood. Whoever is operating this resort needs to be commended. It is close to a Disney feel; clean, impressive, and fun. They have a lavish multiplex movie theater, beautiful bowling alley, arcades, sports book, many places to eat, and it's all wrapped up in a very safe, fountain rich environment.  It is interesting how locals frequent the resort as if it were their local watering hole, fun house and certainly gambling house. Amazing how the management has made that all jell under the same roof. The restaurants are, I would say, low priced, yet their scale remains on the high side and so a bargain. (I have recommended the place to visitors from Florida who have children.) There is also a beautiful, vast and new outside mall just one minute away. Go outside at night; The fountains and the fire bursts are very settling and continuous. As for the 4 but not 5 star, this is my first review and I did not want to dive in head first. big plus, they allow ten times odds on craps.We were lured out to Red Rock with the allure of a comped breakfast and bowling. So glad we drove out there from the strip because the scenery was amazing and it is a little removed from the normal LV hustle. Breakfast was nice (not as upscale as the Aria but still passable). The real winners at the RR are the bingo, bowling and well priced gambling tables. The bowling alley is huge with heaps of lanes, restaurants and a bar. The bingo is amazing...totally high tech nanna style so all you have to do is sign into the ipad and let the computer track your numbers while you imbibe in your 2 free bevies! Overall we were impressed with the resort. The pool was lovely, lots of options for food and well priced gambling.This place is great!! It seems very clean and the smoke smell isn't as bad as other places.They give a decent amount of freebies out to boarding pass recipients. Wish they had a bigger variety of machines though.Fraud website! You cannot rely on what their web page info says! Totally ruined our night out for our first 4th of July living in Vegas together.Besides that they hide the cigarette smell inside their casino well, and it seems like a lovely place to visit.This place is really nice and I wanted to give it 5 stars but I just couldn't. We wanted to be away from the noise and over-populated Strip area. The Red Rock is about 30 minutes from the Strip area, so it's quiet. The rooms are well insulated from noise - we could barely hear any of the fireworks on the 4th.First I'll lay out the positives:The room is very tastefully decorated. Our room was on the 18th floor and they asked us if we wanted a view of the Strip or the mountains. We opted for the Strip view - very picturesque. The bathroom rocks!  It comes with a private toilet area, a walk-in shower and a huge soaking tub. It's big enough for two. It even comes with a scale that told me I lost some weight in the week I was here. Nice scale. I love that the tub area has its own small wall-mounted TV (even though the remote would not work) but I wasn't fond of having to operate buttons (at the top) with wet fingers.One morning, we had room service and while the food was really delicious, the prices were ridiculous. Should breakfast cost $70 for two people?The three times we utilized the concierge desk, they were quite helpful. They even took our cell number and texted us addresses of places we were interested in.There's an area (just outside the main red doors) for pets to relieve themselves. There's even a station for bags and a bin for the filled bags.The pool area was really impressive, but the amount of screaming children made us not want a dip in the pool.Demerits:We booked three weeks in advance, and I had made SURE our room would have a mini-fridge. What they elected not to tell me was that their mini fridge was stocked and has sensors that if anything was removed that we'd be charged for the items. LAME. So I called about the fridge I was promised since I'm a Diabetic and need to refrigerate my insulin and my meds. Not to mention I travel with my own water and emergency juice if my sugar level drops. We were told to remove items from the room fridge until they could find my one - they were all out of them apparently - because people lie about their medical needs. Well, when our service tech was up to the room for a light that was out and batteries for a remote and our smoke alarm, they called and told the hotel that I was not faking it because he saw my medical supplies. A fridge was removed from someone's office and put into our room about 3 hours later.One morning our hot water wasn't, so we took a cool shower. After that morning the water was HOT the remainder of our stay.We stayed over the 4th of July weekend and were told weeks ago that there would be a fireworks show at the hotel. They actually did it on the 2nd and we missed it because we assumed it would be on the 4th. We wound up watching various shows from our 18th floor window.They include the use of the spa area... hot tubs and cool pools, steam rooms, etc. Problem is that it's clothing-optional (something we were not told) because I expected to be able to use the hot tub with my girl, instead I would have been relegated to seeing old naked men... NOPE! They do have one pool that is co-ed but they picked this weekend to do some repairs, so being with my honey was not an option. LAME. One evening, my girl wanted a bit of vodka. She didn't check the price of the medium bottle before she opened it - $50!!!!!  Really?I'm not fond of using valet because i just don't want strangers in my car.  And since we were in and out of the car so often, tips would have just been astronomical after all was said and done. The self-parking is kind of ridiculous as well. It is so blistering hot in there, it made trips to the car quite agonizing. Hey, how about installing misters or fans? The level 3 parking fills up rather quickly, so level 4 parking means trips on two elevators. Level 5 parking is on the roof so your vehicle just bakes.UPDATE: On our check out day, we were watching the clock...it was 9:30 and we took a shower and then "got busy." Well, a housekeeper decided she needed to just open our door. No knock - no nothin' and just opened our door. Really embarrassing and kind of unprofessional.This review is for playing Bingo at the Red Rock Casino. My girlfriend and I went to the 11am session on Saturday. The room was nice, spacious and clean. There were restrooms located inside the room which were very convenient. The smoking section was separate in a glass room which was amazing because I could enjoy my session of bingo without partaking in second hand smoke. That was definitely a plus! The packages were a bit pricy especially when you spend $2 each to validate what seems like every thing. They didn't have brochures to tell you the prices of things so you have to pay attention to the displays they have. Although there are many things that are great about the bingo room etc. My only true complaint was with the bingo staff/attendants. The bingo attendant constantly stopped the game, took a long time to get to the winners which dragged the game. It took away from the excitement. The workers should be more aware and alert of what's going on to keep a smooth flow. Less talking and more focus on the bingo players. After all we there to play the game and have fun! Overall, our experience was good my girlfriend ended up winning so that made her happy :)I don't frequent the casino, I just come here to go to the movies. Today I brought someone here to purchase a movie ticket.Great place to eat if you're in the mood for a hot sandwich. I ordered the pastrami hot sandwich. The sauce and sauerkraut were awesome, and the bread was beautifully grilled. There was a ton of pastrami too - I wish they actually gave a little more bread for the sandwich.It's self service - you order at the counter, pay, then pick up your food. All in all, highly recommended for a casual lunch bite, although fairly pricey for what you get (everything in Vegas is pricey).Good sandwiches. Particularly, the pastrami, corned beef, and beef/cheddar. We always make a stop or two here, when we're in town. Been coming here for 5 years now and sure will come back next time.I had the something mesquite chicken, it was sooooo gooood!!!!! one of the best sandwichhh, like real shit hahah



For us, this is a must at least once a month.I've only tried and loved one thing at Roman Candle and that's the vegan destroyer.  It is such a great pizza and has more flavor than any pizza I've ever tried.  I hope I get this right but I think it has basil, green olives, pine nuts, and a red pepper sauce.  I order mine without the pine nuts and  add jalapenos instead and I love it!  The people who answer the phone are super pleasant though I must note that on most occasions they are late with delivery.  That's kinda not cool but they are super apologetic when they do arrive so I guess that get's a pass.They have a ton of different options and the quality of their products is top notch. I can't say that I would try anything else on their menu since I've found what I think is the best thing they offer but that shouldn't stop you from doing so!Not generally a Roman Candle fan... But when you are enjoying libations next door... and they hand you a table number and deliver your order to your table at the Atomic Koi... Well that's good service.I eventually called because the mobile online   seemed buggy at best. I placed a phone order and the guy in the other end set me up with what I wanted quickly. I went in and the place is cool inside, an area for large groups towards the back, with the nice booth setup it would be a great date spot especially with the Atomic Koi right next door.I ordered the BBQ pizza and it's amazing. Exactly what I expected. Sometimes chicken at pizza places can be dicey but theirs tastes great. I'm a big fan of the BBQ for sauce. I also like that they use a lot of local ingredients. I will be returning for both dine in and more carry out, can't wait to try more of their pizzas.I have been to the Fitchburg location 4-5 times over the last 3 months, pizza is fresh, sauce delicious, toppings are excellent. Most recent trip was last week in August, wife and I were in late but service was attentive and food was great. Had BBQ chicken pizza - had not tried it before, but it was very good. I will be back!Very, VERY pleased with Roman Candle Fitchburg.  I live in the area and frequent the watering hole next door. Roman Candle staff is friendly, the food is quite good,  and they even deliver across the hall to the bar I'm in. Just ordered some buffalo chicken pizza and wings. Loving it.Stopped by for a takeout pizza. Everyone was so friendly and helpful that they really perked up my night!This is a lovely and badly needed facility. For a city whose population is 27% black, many poor, it long lacked a comparable cultural center for a relatively ignored demographic. It's also a fine monument to the city's most celebrated playwright. We came here one summer afternoon for their "Lunch on Liberty" program, where they offered free entertainment on the patio to anyone wishing to stop by. The main gallery inside was closed off to make way for a new exhibition, but we enjoyed several displays of Teenie Harris's photography.My concern is that the nonprofit Center is apparently in debt and having trouble raising enough funds to keep it going. Given its namesake, it does seem appropriate that it should struggle. It's understandable, given that it was built and completed at a time when the economy is down and the arts are particularly struggling. But I hope they find a way to make it happen, and I hope Pittsburghers will support the Wilson Center.I can't say too much about this place since we were only here for two minutes. We stopped in because I'm a playwright and wanted to know about the different things that go on here.  Apparently, we were just in time for open mic/poetry night.  We would have stayed, but had to get back to the hotel to prep for dinner.One thing I just wanted to comment on - I was so confused when a Japanese girl came to greet us when it's a "Center for African Americans," and there were many African Americans working there.  I thought maybe she greeted us because she knew I was Asian too so wanted to make me feel like I was at home.  Just an observation, nothing more.Ok so I imagine it's pretty hard to mess up custard and flavored ice but Rita's does it pretty nice! Variety of tasty flavors of ice with delicious creamy custard. I highly recommend the Gelati. It's the best of both worlds - custard and ice. The Blendini was a major rip off, was expensive and the cup only 2/3 full. I love Rita's!Scored designer duds today: BCBG Paris dress, Diane von Furstenberg suit (new with tags), and Michael Kors slacks ($18 total for those three). Some great vintage dresses and a mink poodle brooch from the 1950s. Sweet!It was a discount day and i got really expensive womens dress pants in plus size 3x looked brand new for 1.99. They did not have much home decor stuff mostly clothes.  It was worth the drive its a fairly big store. Kinda hard to find and see from the road.I've been staying at the Courtyard Marriott for a few days, and it's always great to be able to walk downstairs and get good coffee. There's a patio and dedicated parking.Very friendly staff and about 6 off street parking spaces make this a great location for my Friday cup of happiness :) Be warned of the morning/hotel rush though.   It's attached to a Courtyard Marriott and across the street from a major hospital so the lines can get a little long.This Starbucks is tucked in the courtyard by Marriott hotel.  It has a separate entrance from the outside but also has a indoor connection to the hotel.  There is dedicated parking spots for Starbucks customers.  I have always found the service here to be quick and the the drinks well made.  The seating is somewhat limited.In my recent shopping adventures I've realized there's a lot of hidden vintage stores that aren't advertised as vintage.  They may have some new and they may have some old, but one things for sure, they have a lot of really unique and fun merchandise!The one thing that really stood out was the fun tea and tea sets.  I'm always a sucker for anything tea related, to get in check with me English side of course!  One of the really cool things they offer is individual Republic brand tea bags sold in cute packaging.  This is ideal if you're looking to try out a new flavor of tea and aren't sure if you'll like it.  It's also a really cute gift to give to someone with, say, a cute tea cup.  They also have a lot of gift offerings such as cards, fun magnets and eccentric purses and key chains.  But the really fun part is they also have vintage jewelry mixed in.  I'm a sucker for any selection of vintage jewelry, so this a nice treat!If you're on the hunt for eclectic gift items or vintage accessories for perhaps....yourself (yep, I said it!) visit this cute little shop!I like this place.  It has decorations that remind me of my parents house in the suburbs.  I'd been looking for wreaths and swags in the city for years.  The other reviews are dead on.  There is a nice mix of vintage stuff and kitsch decorations. The best part of the store is the pricing.  It is very fair.  I try to shop at Penhollows on Highland in Shadyside, but their pricing is pretty steep.  This is much more in my price range.What an adorable store! Came here randomly because house of the dead ( the store next door ) was closed. So glad we stopped in! This store has tons of random little unique trinkets and items. Soft and cozy socks from a small business with goofy and inappropriate sayings on them, woodwick candles, tea and adorable Christmas ornaments .. This place has a little bit of everything. Currently all of the Christmas items are 40% off. I purchased two mini Christmas spatulas  for $1.10 each and an Irish Christmas ornaments for about $1.25 after the discount. They had magnets made by the local company "yay!" And really unique kitchen items- like cleaner for your sink and spatulas with goofy sayings on them. I love coming to lawrenceville to visit wild card and house of the dead, but now I will definitely come back to lawrenceville for dandelions !Cutsy stuff. I think the demographic for the stuff here would most likely be middle aged woman to elderly. Lots of knick knacks. I got this little coin purse which was a little pricey. Probably won't go back just because of my preferences. However this was a nice shop, just not my taste.I love this place. They have almost anything you could want for lunch (soup of the day, sandwiches, salads, wraps, etc.). They even have daily specials. I love their homemade wedding soup on Mondays and buffalo chicken wrap on Thursdays. Breakfast is served all day too. The prices are reasonable. This is one of my go-to's.In the years of working downtown actually almost right directly across from the Louies I became well acquainted with it.  My visits were almost daily whether it be for a bite to eat at breakfast or lunch or a coffee during breaks, and the occasional pack of smokes if running low.  They also offer as many pointed out some grocery items, ice creams, fresh fruit and lottery.  I loved the convenience of Two Louies and the variety of options they have.  Everyday they have a special, and it was usually 6.50 included a candy bar (bite size) and a can of soda.  One Thursdays my office would go crazy as that was their Buffalo Chicken wrap day... I swear 1/2 of my office ate lunch there every single day.  They make a pretty good egg salad wrap and that is what I usually got when I went there. If you are local and need a quick meal that costs under $10.00 give it a try.A colleague and I were in Pittsburgh to meet with clients. We were staying downtown and needed a place to go to for dinner that was not going to break the bank. As we headed out and started wondering around we stumbled upon Bella Sera. This is a small bar and restaurant, serving only appetizers, sandwiches, salads, and a nightly special. Its Italian in theme and the wine selection is great - a large portion of their wine menu is available by the glass. It is new, and there were not a lot of people, since it was a Monday night, but this place will be packed on weekends, and in the summer! I had the grilled chicken with artichoke aioli and arugula sandwich which was very good, and just a little messy. They make their own potato chips, which were just a tad on the salty side, but great nonetheless. Sandwiches also come with home made pickles (very spicy, YUM) and a side salad of tomatoes, cucumber, and onion. We sat at the bar and the bartender was very helpful and friendly. Once he new we were from out-of town, he was a wealth of knowledge about what to see and where to go while we were in town. This is the kind of place that I would go to very often if I lived or worked nearby. It was friendly and unpretentious, but downtown and hip.I've been meaning to try Bella Sera for a while now, and finally had the gumption to walk in from Market Square.I must say, I was pleasantly surprised.  The lunch menu was comprised of 3 or 4 specials, 4-5 salads from $9-12, 5-6 sandwiches at $10 and 5 entrees from $10-20.  A bit on the pricey side for my lunch tastes, but definitely manageable.As I have said before, while not a true vegetarian, I often find vegetarian dishes to be a true test for a new (to me) restaurant.  I had the Salata Verde and was delighted.  The salad was a bed of butter leaf lettuce (which I believe is semi-local), asparagus (not so local this time of year), house-made pesto, house-made pickles, pepperocinis, and generous shavings of hard asiago.  The pickles and pesto absolutely made the salad, and I still have a good lingering flavor on my palate.Next time I'll be back for the focaccia grilled eggplant sandwich!Stopped in for lunch. Nice Place. Fast and Friendly service. Loved the rustic decor. Nice wine list.I have been to Bella Sera a couple of times now, and last night was more than exceptional. Market Square has become one of my favorite areas of downtown Pittsburgh. It always has been, but since they renovated the area, it has such a great vibe to it. Bella Sera sits back towards the one corner, and it's such a hidden gem. It's not a big place - and it's perfect for a quiet dinner or happy hour. I was there last night for a networking happy hour and there were about 50 people in the group. We had the whole front area and part of the bar. There were some other people dining but they didn't seem to mind the energy that we brought into the mix. Their wine selection is amazing - and I enjoyed a nice glass of red myself. I recommend this place to anyone looking for something different in Pittsburgh - very down to earth and trendy at the same time!Great environment....service also very good....food was "OK"...had mussels, salad (nicely dressed) meatballs ( really dense for veal) and penne vodka ( sauce more "meaty", not real creamy). If a good romantic spot is more important than slightly above average food, this is your spot! We' ll be back.I've been wanting to come here for a little bit, but had never had the opportunity until the other day.  I was sad to visit a couple days after the holidays when I want pasta.  Okay, I DID want it, but I had just eaten my weight in shrimp cocktail and stuffing in the last couple days.  I decided to venture in anyway, looking for a pasta alternative....The place is really tiny, but super cute.  Very dimly lit, with romantical candle light.  A great place for a date out with your boo!  The server is also really great.  Our bartender had only been there for three weeks but was already knowledgeable and praising the food.  The salad menu looked decent.  At around $10-$15 a pop I was hoping for a decent sized salad, but secretly thinking I'd end up with a house size salad instead.  So me and Aja J ordered the Polenta and Gulf Fried Shrimp.  The sauce was DELICIOUS!  Although I thought the pencatta was a little too cooked, the rest of the dish was excellent!  A great starter!For my salad pick, I was really tempted to go with the tomato salad, but stayed away, since my beloved tomato's are no longer in season.  I opted for the Grilled Salmon salad.  It came with a honey bourbon glaze, chevre, blueberries and citrus vinaigrette.  I honestly didn't expect much from the salad, but the perfectly cooked salmon mixed with the berries and cheese was ah-maz-ing!  Honestly, you can EASILY make a boring salad, but this was anything BUT!  I would strongly suggest this for a lunch or light dinner option.  You won't be dissatisfied for not picking pasta, I promise:)Hot tip:  It's SO tiny you really should make reservations if your intent is to eat here.  We stopped in on a Tuesday night on a whim and the tables were all taken, so we sat at the bar.  Not a big deal, but if you want a guaranteed table, call ahead.Went for dinner for 2 on a Tuesday night and was pleasantly satisfied.  The wine list is fairly large, with nice selections of wine by the glass if your partner would rather beer.  I have a hard time going anywhere and not ordering a cheese plate if offered (it must be my time living in Wisco) so, we started with the cheese and antipasto plate.  It was really good, with yummy meats and cheeses, accompanied with fig sauce and relished onions.  But the best part was the bread.   All together yummy and would make for a great stop after work downtown.For dinner, I had the linguini in red clam sauce and my friend had the stuffed banana peppers.  As others have commented on, the portion size was smaller than typically expected, but frankly it was the right amount for anyone of a normal size (ie less than 250lbs) to get your fill.  The stuffed banana peppers were quite spicy, in a really good way, and the linguini was good, maybe not spectacular, but a staple.    We did go on a Tuesday night fairly late (~8p), so I wasn't surprised there were only a couple of other tables there.  However, it did make for excellent service.  Our waitress was attentive and nice.Bella Serra is an Italian gem in downtown.They have some of the best, most delicious wine options - including organic. What really impressed me was their effort at sustainability and buying local when they can.

Scandinavia: smoked white fish, sour cream, capers, tarragon sauce

We went for the first time last night, simply to grab a dinner, drinks, and check it out.  I have to say, it's impressive!

Quiet! Nice room (booked through hotels.com-only $58 a night! Plus $7.50 resort fee)

3. Non-smoking which was heaven for me since I have asthma4. Housekeeping provided us with as many towels/linens/blankets as we needed5. 5 minute walk from Marquee dayclub/nightclubCons:1. Finding the valet area was a nightmare, all three cars got lost in the process.2. Only valet parking service is offered by the hotel, making it pretty inconvenient when we were in a rush to go somewhere

Chicken Pho (split between the kids)

I ordered a soup and salad, my husband got a salad and added chicken. Both were good. The wine I had was tasty. Service was great. Our waitress was super nice. I will definitely be back next time I'm in Phoenix.It's been forever since we stepped into a Carrabba's! We came here for dinner on Saturday night. I called ahead and while they do not accept reservations they can put your name on their list before you head out to shorten any waiting times. At around 5:15 it was moderately busy and by the time we left it was pretty packed with patrons.We started with the arancini. These little fried rice balls were perfectly cooked with a crispy outer coating, tender rice, and sausage. The marinara sauce with them was robust and went well with them.The other entrees were nicely presented and for the most part everyone was happy with them. The fish dishes (Salmon and mahi mahi) had a smoky flavor to them from the use of cherry and oak wood on the grill. The only slight negative for my mahi mahi dish was that the artichokes in the sauce were cold compared to the temperature of the fish.Dessert was a hefty portion of tiramisu. Creamy, chocolate deliciousness!Service was excellent. Our waitress was cheerful, friendly, and had good knowledge of the menu. Drinks were filled as needed, and were plates taken away in good time.If you are like smoky flavored foods cooked on a grill, this is a great choice for service and food quality.Went back with co-workers at the end of January, 2016 and...much, MUCH better experience! I had a great, delicious meal and our server was awesome. This lived up to their advertising and all the good recommendations that friends had given.I got in late from the airport and was surprised this restaurant is opened later than normal. Immediately upon walking in we were greeted at sat down. Our waiter was right there getting our drinks. My husband ordered calamari and I had some small plate mozzarella balls. We both really enjoyed them. I loved the sauce with the mozzarella balls because it has a little spice to it. My husband ordered Veal Parmesan and I had a pasta with chicken. Both were cooked well and had a lot of flavor. The thing I liked the most about this restaurant was the service. The manager came twice to make sure everything was good and we never had to wait for drink refills. We will be back!The food was delicious. And even though we had a very long wait, the manager came by and apologized as well as gave us free desert and an appetizer coupon. You can't change the fact that things go wrong sometimes but you can make up for it in a very gracious and professional way. This is exactly what they did tonight. We were very pleased and taken care of.The ladies here do a great job and are always very nice.I love getting my haircut here. As a guy, I don't have (or need) a "regular" stylist. Sports Clips is great because they take all of the awkward conversation out of it. No need to feel guilty making small talk, because you can watch the game while your hair is being cut. That being said, the staff is always warm and friendly, and I haven't gotten a bad cut yet. I give four stars instead of five because the wait time is a bit long at times.I like Cheesecake Factory. I like the consistency in the food.  You know what to expect and you know its going to be good. Wide variety of food ranging from the usual burgers and pizzas to asian and mexican cusine . The cashew chicken is the bomb though I love the Crispy Chicken sandwich with the Buffalo sauce. The tons of fun burger is another favorite. Dessert is, what else cheesecake and more cheesecake though they have 30 or more different types of cheesecake and other types of dessert too. Wait times can run up to an hour or even more on weekends. But you do have the Chandler Fashion Square next door where you can kill some time. Service is usually excellent and you can be sure you will be well looked after.I go here for the drinks and the avocado eggrolls.  Back when I ate meat I loved the pasta with chicken and asparagus.  I never order cheesecake here though.... maybe I just don't think cheesecake is worth the calories.I've had great service every time I was here.  Must have a great customer service program... Same experience at sister company Grand Lux Cafe.Great honey wheat bread.  Love the happy hour menu (calamari, Thai lettuce wraps, salad).  Try the Lemoncello cake w/ extra sliced fresh strawberries- squisito!!One of the few chain restaurants I'm not ashamed to admit liking!Nothing new to add here. Their bread is awesome. He ended up getting the Mediterranean Style Mahi Mahi and I got the cheese quesadillas from the appetizer section with Shrimp and both dishes were awesome. Our little one also got the bread and bananas they bring out for children. This really helps a lot because they bring that small plate out for the kids right away so you don't end up getting a screaming devil at your table.  Of course when you go the Cheesecake Factory, how can you NOT get a cheesecake slice for dessert. We ended up with the Godiva cheesecake and it was amazing. Extremely rich and extremely fattening but who cares!OK, I really feel that this place rocks...chain or no chain, CF is in another league when it comes to chain restaurants.  I have yet to have a bad experience (or even anything mediocre) at any of the locations.  The overall quality, selection, atmosphere and service are always top notch.  I generally only eat lunch here, dinner on occasion and even at the peak of the lunch hour, I have never experienced slow or lacking service.Today we were really hungry, so we started with Buffalo Blasts for an appetizer, these are amazing (see pics).  They taste like a fabulous combination of fried chicken and hot wings, served with hot sauce, blue cheese (the real deal) and celery sticks.  We both ordered salads, the BBQ Ranch Chicken (topped with onion rIngs) and the Chinese Chicken salad which has always been delicious.  We finished off the meal with a slice of Vanilla Bean cheesecake which is lighter than some of the other kinds, and absolutely delicious.  I could enjoy a big bowl of the whip cream by itself!Overall, I really enjoy this place and always look forward to treating myself to lunch here.  And it doesn't hurt that it's in the mall....lunch AND shopping is never a bad thing :)Great menu. Very diverse with lots of options. Service is above average. I eat here every day for lunch! We always leave happy.Its not cheap.

Over all this was an outstanding place to stay for our short trip. Security is stationed at the elevators 24/7, the entire staff were friendly and helpful and the entire hotel from our room to the lobby restrooms were clean.Now some of my cons. The pool bar is a RIP OFF.  14 dollars for a Dixie cup size drink of liquor??? That is insane. You are supposed to a be a guest at the hotel, not a victim to a robbery. You were not allowed to bring any refreshments into the pool area such as bottled water, soft drinks etc. Bottled water or beer were 7 dollars!!  Seriously??? Come on.

Kushi-tan: beef tongue skewers

Bachi Burger is that and a little more.  What sets this burger apart from other burger joints is its japaneezy flair. Each burger has a good amount of japanese zing that really differentiates itself from its all American counterparts.  One thing I would like to say is that usually when a restaurant decides to do a fusion/mashup theme there is a tendency to lose the first element in favor of the second.  For example it would be easy for a japanese fusion burger place to lose what makes a burger special so that they can cram in the japanese element.  A lot of times I've tried these fusion places only to find that they are only blending things together to be hip and cool not for flavor reasons.  I'm glad to say that when you bite into a Bachi Burger the japanese element is not overdone and you still get what makes a good burger a good burger. I usually get the Ronin or the Kiki burger, as the first one has an egg (yes yes yes) and the second has my favorite ingredient (a ton of mushrooms).  Both burgers are great and are examples of fusion food done right.  All the elements of the Ronin blend together nicely and taste like a perfect balance of america and japanese cuisine, kind of like if the Fat Burger and Hamada's had a food baby.  The Kiki burger I feel was made for me  it has three kinds of japanese mushrooms Sautéed Shiitake, Enoki, and Eryngii Mushrooms (what! yes please).  Enoki mushrooms are a really under utilized mushroom and they are great!  I've been waiting for somebody to put them on a burger for a long time.  In fact if you put anything with Enoki mushrooms in front of me I will plow through it like a mad animal. Bottom line if you're looking for a fusion restaurant that is about taste and not about gimmicks this is a great place.  The only reason I'm going to give them a four star rating is because when they used to be the only japanese fusion burger on the block they were the the top.  Now, however, I think that they have lost their crown to Fuku Burger both in terms of price and taste.  This might seem harsh, but I don't think you can ignore the fact that Fuku Burger came out swinging, and took the title of best japanese fusion burger away from Bachi.  Does this mean that you should go to Bachi Burger for your burger needs.... NO!! it's a damn fine burger, but it's like that 80's movie highlander taught us "there can be only one".I've been to Bachi Burger a handful of times and have never been disappointed by the food. The burgers are amazing! The only reason I am not giving five stars is that the service is just mediocre....very slow, unenthusastic waitstaff. I went on my lunchbreak with some coworkers and it took at least 40 min to get our food...even though we told them upfront we needed to be in and out.the kiki burger is awesome.

Pulled pork was really good, although admittedly the one flaw was the cilantro in the coleslaw that was on top. I really don't like cilantro, but it was still a good sandwich.

Other menu items looks good as well.  We will be back!After eating lunch buffet, my husband and I were not too hungry, but would like to try something different than buffet food.  This is not your fast food joint.  It's more for the experience.  They give you some bread and pita on the house.  We got the kabob plate, one beef and one chicken ($13.99), Both are moist and tasty.  Come with soup or greek salad.  I had lentil soup, it's not spicy enough and too much tomatoes for me.  We also ordered a side of Tabboula salad ($4.50) which is fresh and good portion.  I also like the grilled veggie on the side.  Not too much rice.  Total is less than $20.  Definitely, we'll come back again to try their gyro plate and the other stuff.Such a good deal! They give you so much food for what u pay. Big plates. The staff is nice. Their food is well-seasoned. The salad that comes with the entrees is huge for a side.So good! Can't wait to try the other dishes. The lule kabob was what I ate. The Greek salad was huge. Only thing I didn't like was the 25 mins wait for take out so I'm giving 4stars.I debating waiting to post a review for The Fat Greek, mostly because I have only gotten take out orders and service typically factors heavily into how I rate a business.(and I have heard from friends that service here isn't the greatest when eating in... )After a handful of visits, which I was helped by the same sweet lady each time, I feel comfortable giving The Fat Greek 4 stars. The Fat Greek is in the shopping plaza on Flamingo and Decatur, near the grocery store. I have been to that plaza dozens of times before I noticed The Fat Greek, it's a bit hidden where it's located. A quick rundown of what I had had:The Fat Gyro - So fat, it was multiple meals. They do not skimp on the meat, and the veggies are super fresh. The Fat Salad -With chicken added (at an extra cost) this was also a huge portion that I was unable to finish in one sitting.Souvlaki - Chicken, lamb or beef kabobs served with rice or fries. The beef, cooked medium rare, are delicious. The hummus and pita bread here are sold choices, not the best in town in my opinion but close! For takeout, I highly recommend calling your order in.Hmm never I would thought that I can find really good Greek food in Las Vegas, but this place really it's a nice surprise, instead of inject ourselves a steady stream of empty calories at all the same buffet line, thus place is inexpensive, fresh and tastyGyro was really fresh and right amount of seasoning like a well rehearsed band, every element of the ingredient had its purpose and brings all of the taste together... Party in your mouth... The side salad with feta cheese... The feta is so good, smooth with just the right amount of sharp and saltyness, it's creamy yet light... With really fresh olive oil and vinegar, never thought I would enjoy side salad add much as I would enjoy the main dishFalafel was really really fresh, you can taste all the peas grinded into it and not crushed.  It is formed into a perfect serving size and fried just right, accompanied with greens and overall again the perfect balanceDefinitely would come back and visit every time I'm in VegasThe only reason I have it a for instead of five is due to wait time, servers are knowledgeable, friendly and attentive.  The kitchen had lost my ticket, and my server explained what had happened and offered that kitchen is putting my orders in priorityI have been here twice in my first week in Vegas. Says something, right. Quality food at a reasonable price. I think their Caesar salad is one of the best, and I usually complain about Caesar salads. Grilled chicken is fresh and cooked with great spices. The croutons on the Caesar are pan fried pita! Awesome, unique and most importantly, tasty. The Greek salad and hummus are very solid, as well.Food takes awhile to come out and service was slow for my dine in experience but everything was great. Loved the falafel lunch dish!!My friend and I went here after being in China Town for a hair appointment. Man this place was great. I had the Fat Greek Gyro with chicken and my friend got the Shwerma with chicken. We also got the hummus with pita for an appetizer. All the food was delicious. All the portions were huge. By the time I was halfway with my gyro, I was already super stuffed. The place is really nice and set up and the staff is great with customer service. I would totally come back again. My only complaint is that the hummus with pita didn't come with too much pita but it came with a lot of hummus.My husband and I literally moved in this morning, .4 mile from the shopping center and wanted a nice lunch after getting up at 3:00 am to drive from LA and meet our moving truck here.We were already very excited that the Spring Valley area has so much to do, and I started reading the list of places in our 89103 zip code.

+Lots of nice freebies, from the water bottles and chocolates delivered at turndown to the wide selection of toiletries in the bathroom and fruit available to take in the lobby.

-Chill vibe with a DJ spinning tunes.

The restaurant is newly renovated with a modern yet warm feel to it. Since it has yet to be discovered we had our choice of seats.After taking our order, Diane our server brought us fresh, warm cheddar biscuits with honey butter. Delicious flakey and you can see the cheddar pieces baked right in. I could have eaten a dozen or so.We split the chorizo sliders for an appetizer. Homemade chorizo patties on brioche bread with a homemade mayo. Everything in Barrelhouse is made from scratch and predominately locally sourced. Hubby tried the White Truffle Mac and cheese. Cheesy, bacony goodness with little surprises of artichokes and cherry tomatoes. I had the Diver Sea Scallops in a herb butter sauce that were lightly seared and cooked to perfection. I love scallops and these were excellent.I only wish we had room to try dessert. Molten Lava Cake, Apple Cranberry Crisp, Crepes Suzette all sounded delicious. I can't wait to go back. I would give 4.5 stars but Yelp won't let me. Really there is nothing bad about the meal and service so probably deserves 5 stars but I'm a tough grader. I wish Ken the owner much success on the new gem in the East Valley. I am just excited to have a new place to add to our rotation. Happy hour is Monday - Saturday from 4 - 6:30.Stopped by for happy hour last week and I was pretty impressed. We tried a few appetizers- chorizo sliders and pasilla chili shrimp. Both were solid choices. I also tried the soup of the day (carrot-ginger with cilantro creme fraiche), I can't even begin to explain how amazing it was. Hope this is offered on a regular basis!The beer selection was good and included several AZ beers. Happy hour pricing on cocktails was excellent, only $4 or $5 so I definitely sampled a few.We weren't hungry enough for a full meal, but the entrees sounded delicious. We'll definitely be back!Wow, what a surprise.  I wasn't expecting much when we meet some friends for Happy Hour and Dinner.  First off the staff was extremely attentive and not in an annoying way if you know what I mean.  The assorted apps where all excellent, the biscuits awesome, and the entrees all exceeded my expectations.  Chef Larry came from House of Tricks and we had a great chat with him after our meal.  Will be back for sure!Let me start by saying that this restaurant had a facebook page prior to having a website when I googled them, so finding a menu online was difficult.  I called and left my name & number to talk to the owner to see if there were vegan options or modifications on their menu. No one called me back even though the woman who took my message was friendly.A few of us from work went there for happy hour a few weeks later anyway since we discovered their website online with their menu.  The prices were good for happy hour.  The appetizers ranged from tasting amazing to meh.  The atmosphere was great considering the restaurant's location.  The part that drops it to 2 stars was the owner's arrogance and attitude. OMG - talk about offending his customers! An order was made with the request to replace the alcohol in a particular drink.  The server told us it would be no problem. The drink was made without the requested alcohol change.  The owner later came by and said, "I don't do requests."  If that was the general rule, that's fine, but no one came by to let us know prior to bringing the drink. Even the server said that was rude of the owner to say that.I'm not sure I'd recommend this establishment to anyone driving out of their way specifically to eat here, but it's a nice place if you live nearby.  Just don't ask for any  changes to what's offered. The serving staff is polite and extremely friendly!P.S. there was only 1 bathroom stall with a lock on the door.  The other stall (handicap) did not have a lock on the door which made it uselessREPLY TO KEN:Thank you for your kind words and for clarifying everything.  I changed my rating based on the miscommunication of the night.  I'm sure we will be in there again.  We loved the atmosphere and your restaurant is a great place to have a drink or meal. That neighborhood really needed something fresh and new.  Thank you for opening up your restaurant for us to enjoy!The Barrelhouse is tucked away in the Warner X Alma School area of Chandler. Their fresh and flavorful food is worth the trip. We shared their BBQ Kettle Chips and dip while we waited for our lunch. My husband ordered Greek Lemon Chicken with orzo, feta, artichoke and big pieces of chicken. I ordered the Barrelhouse BLT and hand cut fries. This was a special sandwich that was made fresh to order, as is all their food, with pork belly, organic sweet yellowish tomatoes and fresh greens. Everything was delicious, fresh and very clean. They offer lots of different beer on tap,and Ken helped me decide. I highly recommend this restaurant!I came here just because of Bao's review on FB today! Food is excellent, could beat some high end place in Scottsdale! We order a smoke pork belly as start. The texture as just right and tender, crispy bread underneath was a plus, and papaya salad just added some freshness. Then the Caribbean Jerk Spiced Sea bass was our entree. Nice texture of the fish, fresh mango salsa came with it, and some coconut dressing on side with almond and rice underneath, super tasty!I would give a five star if the interior design/decor was a little nicer. Some decors was just not too good to match others.Other than that, I'd definitely like to come back!Met with some friends here for late night dinner and drinks a few weeks ago. The food was phenomenal. We had the hummus which was absolutely tasty. I ordered a couple drinks, which were very nicely mixed and just right for me. The main dishes were also quite good; I had the macaroni and cheese which was nothing like the boring stuff you get out of a box; it was delicious and different. I even had a few bites of a dessert which was sweet and melted in my mouth (I don't recall the name but it was some sort of berry crisp).The staff were very good about being attentive and courteous. I liked the inside of the restaurant and was surprised by its location. Overall, a great find. Will be back here again!Highly recommend this place and will be a town crier to elicit business. Finally great fare in our east valley neck of the woods! Run, go now for crazy good food.

2. I feel like every time I go into a place midday that's packed every weekend at 3am, I'm disappointed to find that the food is gross unless it's 3am and you're sweaty, drunk, and trying to impress someone (because let me tell you, cheez whiz stuck in your teeth really works).  In this case, it was not 3am, I was not drunk, and I was only the usual amount of sweaty, and the food was still good.Went here for lunch a couple days ago. I got a  cheese steak with onions and wiz. My wife got a chicken parm sandwich. The meat was really tasty and seasoned well. The cheese wiz was awesome! The bun it came on could of been a bit softer and fresher but the bun that it came on was still good, just not as good as it could be.My wife's sandwich on the other hand....she took 1 bite of mine and wished she had gotten that instead. 3/4 of the chicken parm sandwich got thrown away. The sauce was had WAY too much garlic but why on earth would you order a chicken sandwich at a cheese steak joint. Live and learn! We also got an order of fries that were really good, they did need ketchup and Id have a tough time eating them without but with the ketchup = superb! I'll be back - especially since its across the street from the office!This is a great place to grab some food after a night out in Scottsdale! I was at an event at Martini Ranch last week, and some of my friends wanted to grab some food after. I still don't know the area that well, so I was happy when my friend Matt C exclaimed cheesesteak! when I asked where they wanted to go.I had a cheesesteak with american, onion, and the works. I was sober at that point, but I'd imagine if you're worried about an upset stomach you shouldn't get a sandwich with three different kinds of peppers on it. It was delicious, and I could only eat half.Service was quick and friendly, with the authentic touch of the guy in the kitchen yelling at people calling them jackasses. It's true the steak could be cut thinner, and the bread isn't the best, but this place fills the late night grub niche well.Great sandwiches!  Closest I have had to the real thing in Arizona.  Come hungry though.  The sandwiches are HUGE!Look, I only know this place as the "drunk food" destination in Old Town. But mmmmmmm, it is SOOOOO good! I've only gotten a couple items off the menu and my personal favorite is the Passyunk Ave. It's a lovely Italian combo of mozzarella, roasted red peppers and Balsamic vinegar. They're pretty fast, even when they're slammed during their busiest hours (from 1am-3am) If you are starved and in Old Town, definitely check this place out. Granted, if you are not already intoxicated, you better be prepared to deal with intoxicated people! It's open 24 hrs and make sure to donate a dollar to add to the ceiling or wall. The clerks and cooks work pretty hard.  I found mine last time I was there. ;)Shake what yo momma gave yaaaa!

We had dinner and enjoyed the variety of sliders, salads and corn coins.  I think their lemonade is some of the BEST.  They are very reasonably priced also.

I had the Paran salad- tasteful and crisp salad with fresh tasting avocado.  The Lemon olive oil vinegarette could have been slightly more lemon and vinegar but was still good.

-Oyshi Roll ($13)

I also dined on the Kobe meatballs - also very nice.

- Beef and pickles sandwich

Any one found a better place let me know, but so far Nevada recycling seems the best. SA recycling seems to only want metals, and I dont like the method of payment they have. Sa recycling gives you a ticket, you take to a clerk, who gives you another ticket, then you take that ticket to an atm machine thing, and the machine spits out youre money. Problem with the machine is it does not give change. They also treat you like a criminal there. you stand on an X, while they photograph you, have to give id, and finger prints, several times. A bit much for getting a few bucks for some beer cans.So I decided to start recycling. It took us about a month to collect 4 large trash bags of water bottles. I filled my Prius with the bags, could barely see out my back window. Drive up , the guys there work really hard in the sun and still very friendly and helpful. They brought the cart out to me, I threw the bags in, they weighed it and wrote me a ticket. Went to the cashier handed her the ticket and my ID and she cashed me out $1.40............... I don't feel so bad or cheated with the amount of plastic we go through on a month I'm just glad we didn't . add to the landfill. It was hardly a drive, they made the process too easy and it took less then 10 minutes of my time of loading, driving, unloading and cashing out. They recycle almost everything wood, tin, metal, paper, cardboard. So now that I know how easy it is I'll keep it up.Brought in my years worth of recycling, I took it here because its the only place in Vegas that still does plastic.  My car full of plastic got $1.23, the aluminum got $15.  I think I'm going to start tossing the plastic because the two hours I spent crushing and bagging it then driving 11 miles to turn it in isn't worth the clutter of collecting it for a year.Now, a few years ago I came to Vegas, on a business trip.  I left San Diego by 8am and reached town close to 2, after frequent bathroom breaks.I was driving a beater, which basically means that I didn't use the AC the entire way there, ( because I thought my car would explode) and had to deal with June heat, with nothing but the windows down.With our meeting place just down the street, and myself a few hours early, I figured the best thing for everyone would be me checking in to the nearest hotel, and taking the longest cold shower possible.Most people would assume that a Holiday Inn isn't the fanciest of places, but this location was actually quite nice, and nicer than most that I've stayed at.  Although I didn't have a reservation, they had a King size room for me, that didn't break the bank.  The hotel lobby was extremely clean and the front desk girls helpful and friendly.The room was big, and I was impressed.  I even took the liberty of jumping on the bed a few times.  Now, I can't really go into further detail about my trip, as you all know the motto of what happens here, but all I can say is, that if you are randomly needing a hotel in this area, don't second guess this Holiday Inn.Nice place to stay if you have a pet. We had a small dog with us and they let him stay in the room. Not much for a work out room but it was clean. Good breakfast and very nice staff. They helped us find a plave to leave the dog for a day while we saw the Hoover dam and the casino's.I attend performances by the Rainbow Company Youth Theatre.  The Center has two theatres, the intimate 80 seat Studio Theatre on the north side of the building, and a 275 seat main theatre on the west side of the building beyond the office of the Neon Museum.Last night., I saw the Rainbow Company's "The Zombies Walk Among Us" mostly performed by kids doing a fine job of acting and having fun.  Ity was the first time I've been in the Main Theatre, and it's quite a good performance space.  The rest of the shows for the Rainbow Theatre performed this year at Reed Whipple will be in the Studio Theatre.The art work and historic photos of Las Vegas makes the Reed Whipple a great place.I didn't even know this place existed. Its right off of the freeway and features several swim lanes. They conduct lessons here and even have synchronized swim teams practicing inside. We had our boy scouts conduct their swim test here and the staff was extremely accommodating. We seriously had about 20 screaming kids flopping around the pool but somehow they maintained control of the situation. The facility is maintained well and has a really clean restroom and showering area.Do you a.) live reasonably close to downtown and b.) not have a pool of your own?

I got up many spots after they were gone.

Sauteed vegetables (located in Chinese section) - fresh and delicious.

- I'd probably come back when they have another deal in the mail or possibly for the breakfast specials.Still love the War Wonton. Have tried others in the Valley, keep coming back here. It's the ultimate comfort food. The potstickers are pretty good, too. I guess they have an Asian cook who'll really knows his stuff.The food is good and the service is even better. Hell the price is reasonable. I find that service is always what I look at first. Snaps has an awesome staff and the servers are some of the best I have personally experienced in an off the strip restaurant.Good job guys.We eat here two times a week or more.Today we had a Denver omelette and egg white omelette w/ spinach.Food was great,service too.Brenda is usually our server,she always sees to it that our orders are just so.Some of our favorite menu items are:The classic club,signature french toast that's dipped in frosted flakes,Wor bar soup,Kung Pao shrimp,shrimp fried rice,Asian salmon salad.Seniors 55+ get 50% off your check Sun and Mon.when signed up for the Can Club.Cant beat it.Good was very decent! Richard was our server and he's just awesome. We ordered generals tsaos chicken and Kung pao shrimps and steak and eggs, everything tastes good and totaled 30$.I've been here twice before.  The first time when it opened back in 2008.  I came today because it was my fathers birthday and decided to buy him lunch.  This was this place he requested to go to. We started off with wings and fries.  We ordered mild wings and the were some barn burners.  Kinda hot for mild but that's ok.  The fried were those thick fries like some old man fingers but delicious.  We both got New York strips and it came with a baked potato.  A side of vegetables came with the plate.  I ordered my steak rare and it was actually rare but had a burnt taste on the outside.  All in all it was a good meal and I enjoyed taking pops out for his birthday.  The EndNice place and service was better than expected. I however ordered a steak that came up undercooked. I asked the server to cook it a bit more. It took 20 more minutes to get my meal back. Everything else was fine. Alma was my server and I have to say she was pleasant and prompt and her help Romana was on the top of her game. I would recommend this place despite a little hiccup with the kitchen.As soon as we sat down, the instructor explained to us, "this is not a restaurant, this is a classroom." I went tonight, the night after the opening, and my party of 4 was the only party there, so the entire "class" waited on us. The students are not experienced at all (this being their second night), but are very eager and attentive, and charmingly shy. You have to be patient when you come here, for example, we ordered a bottle of wine and the instructor had to show the students how to bring the wine to the table, cork it and pour it, and then he let the students try. The food is very good, great for the price. 3 courses for $15?! and this ain't no Applebee's 3-course combo deal, I would say that it'd be fair to pay $35-$50 at a real restaurant.The Skinny: Extremely good value for a pretty tasty three course menu with white linen tablecloths - for now this is a lunch only place (4) Service is super friendly (4).Opus Too is the Art Institute's Culinary school restaurant. Yes, it's the training ground for the chefs of tomorrow. They are open 3 days a week for lunch only during the school year. They also require advance reservations.The choices are eclectic (to introduce the students to different types of cuisine) so do check out their website before you go to see what they offer. They serve something very different every 1-2 weeks. The food is pretty good (3 stars-ish) and has an outstanding value ($10 for starter, entree, and dessert). Service, albeit untrained, is enthusiastic and pleasant.If you have the time one day during the week to check this place out, do go. You won't be disappointed.Located in the Art Institute of Las Vegas (which is actually in Henderson), Opus Too is literally a hidden gem. Food is prepared and served by current culinary students, all of whom are rotating through various positions, both in the front and back of the house. The restaurant is open Tuesday-Thursday for both lunch (served from 11:30 AM-1PM [last seating at 12:30 PM]) and dinner (served 6-8 PM [last seating at 7 PM]) and all meals are three courses: a starter, an entree and a dessert for $11.95 before tax. Beer, wine, soft drinks and bottled water are available for purchase and market prices apply (our wine service was as much as our three course meal).The menu is limited, but assuredly tasty and appears to change seasonally. The February 2015 selections offered three starter choices (Potato soup; chilled beet salad; BBQ shrimp), three entree selections (Poached cod with root vegetables; Opus burger and fries; Sage-dusted fried chicken served on a waffle) and two dessert options (mini ice cream sandwiches or dark chocolate cake). I had the chilled beet salad, as did my companion, the burger and the chocolate cake. The portions and presentation were in line with fine dining plates and the tastes were excellent. The staff even made my companion a special vegetarian dish, squash risotto, after I informed them during a pre-dinner phone call of my food dilemma. There were two options for red and white wine - we had red - and the chef/instructor was extremely engaged and personable. Our server Gabby was helped out by other students throughout the meal, and all were equally attentive. Although we did not inquire about a tour, other diners have noted that seeing the facilities is a possibility, so ask if you're inclined during your visit. On some evenings, a live pianist may accompany your dining. This didn't happen during our meal, but wholly appropriate Spanish guitar music set the mood just as well. Be forewarned that the restaurant has under 15 tables and the largest of these is a four top, so reservations, especially for a party larger than four, are a necessity. If you're looking for beautifully prepared, budget-friendly food in a unique environment, I wholeheartedly suggest checking out Opus Too when in or around Las Vegas!Been to many of their chains, up and down California. Have to say, I am a huge fan. I visit their locations in vegas at least once a day while out there. Not much to say about this location except its small and drinks are a dollar more than most locations. I still get the same drink over and over, regular vanilla ultimate with extra, extra beans. What more can I ask for.It is nice and quiet in the morning, the parking spaces right outside the door are open, and the craziness of the Palms is nowhere in sight. Sitting in the food court and watching the paint dry on their new wall is as exciting as this morning is going to get. By all means is this fine by me. With a yoga class to come, frantic is the last mood I want to be in. John, the barista/cashier, has a bright smile plastered on his face and is quick with the dispensing of my Phoenix Dragon Pearl/Cherry Blossom Tea. My overall experience with this Coffee Bean is more positive then most of my past ones with the Palms.Needed a quick pick me up. Caramel over ice. Good service good coffee!the Palms was the last stop on my self guided Vegas tour, and i desperately needed a boost after dragging myself from casino to casino in an attempt to see as much as possible in 4 nights.  did i make a special trip to Palms just for Coffee Bean?  absolutely as I've wanted to try their tea for years.i loved the Chai latte!!!  not too sweet, not too spiced... just right.  sure $5 for a "small" is a bit steep, but you're in Vegas, and everything is overpriced in the Strip's vicinity.  i wish we had more Coffee Bean's in the Sac area, but if i'm that destitute i'll make a special trip to sf and grab a fix.It's your typical chain coffee shop inside of a casino. This time, the chain is the venerable but fading Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, and the casino is The Palms. Stopped here for a cup before a concert at The Pearl. Coffee was fine. I have a hard time giving a place more than three stars for a cup of coffee, but I'll give them an extra star for the good folks at The Pearl allowing me to bring my coffee into the venue.Prices are a little high here but the service is great. No wait either early in the morning which is surprising. It was even busy but they were able to keep up. Nice job guys, definetly will be backThis was my go to Caffeine stop on my recent Vegas trip. Just a counter in The Eatery area at the Palms casino, but the Coffee was good, Croissants were fresh and the service was quick and friendly. The counter was a little high for me, but they brought my order out to me so it wasn't a problem.I love this location.  Compared to all the PTs and such around, this one's the best.  It's well lit inside, has huge TV's, great food, great service, good video poker/slot selection, and they play good music.If you come between 12pm-8am sit with homer at the bar (bartender).  He is seriously awesome.My husband and I love this place. TV's everywhere so you can see the games and the food is great. Take some friends and make it a hangout.Love this place great service and good food. Pretty girls don't hurt eitherGreat place to meet friends for a few drinks, decent happy hour - 50% off all drinks and pizza. Their pizza is decent, seems a little inconsistent like the crust will be a little different sometimes but it's still good. They have a great fried shrimp and calamari appetizer that my girlfriend loves, come with a  sweet chili sauce and Sriracha for a kick.

Its a hotdog with crispy bacon, pickled jalapenos, and HORSERADISH MAC N CHEESE!

-Beginner hikers can enjoy an easy conversational stroll-Good training for trail runningCons:-Seasoned hikers may not feel challenged enough unless doing the really long trail

3. The actual restaurant doesn't look as nice as in the pictures. The place is kind of plain. Definitely a place to go to for the food more than the ambience, and I would go during an off peak time so that you can hear what your dinner mates are saying.Delicious menu and great location in old town Scottsdale! I'm a big fan of the Buttermilk Chicken and of course their famous chopped salad.The chopped salad was spectacular! Definitely an item everyone should order. I ordered scallops. They were good. My dining partner ordered the Cubano sandwich. It wasn't a hit. I will definitely return next time I'm in the area!It was really busy and that may have led to inconsistent service. We observed some of the tables around us receiving phenomenal service, while some of us were left sitting with less attention.Great ambiance and food is very good, filled with a variety of flavor. They also have a great drink menu to choose from with lots of wines. The short ribs with the cherry sauce is to die for, brat steak sauce I've ever had. The meat is tender and perfectly cooked. Mac and cheese is amazing and their salads are a absolutely fantastic. Will be going here again very soon. Only thing I don't like is the tables are very close so it makes privacy impossible, I felt like we were eating with the people next to us!Love filling up on appetizers here! Wait staff on point.So I went out in the area and went in and asked if do could do some take out (surprise, surprise) cuz the place didn't look like a take out place....I ordered the original chopped salad of which the hostess recommended.

I had the nachos, my bf had a western burger. Both were huge as well as delicious. We ordered the beer sampler, those were decent sizes as well. No line to be seated. Service could've been better but over all, good.Great late night eats. We were here after hours of gambling downtown. Good food, not bad service although some what slow. Great prices and strong drinks. Would definitely come back.Natasha and our hostess were great.  They have great bourbons along with their beers.  Came 2 nites.  But don't drink the wine.We stayed at the Main Street Station during our stay in the Fremont area and this brewery was a gem! The beer was great and the low prices really surprised us.The bar tenders and wait staff were all friendly and they remembered us from the day before. The brewery that was in the hotel was actually a factor in the decision where to stay and it really paid off. I would say skip the hotel stay and enjoy the decor while you visit the Triple 7.Wow old Fremont Street has really stepped it up! I was really excited to get to go to this little brewery! The wait was long but we kind of snuck in near bar area. They definitely needed to hire more staff. Great beer!!! we will be back!Good beers brewed in house. Late night dining. Great greasy appetizers that will keep you going when your out gambling! Triple 7 is located inside the Main Street Casino downtown in Vegas. It is a short walk from the Fremont Street Experience and is always a hustling busy spot to watch t.v. or a sports game while you grab a bite and take a brake from gambling. They have a grill and offer every type of burger you can think of. They also have a full bar so if beer isn't your thing, no worries. They got you covered. The service can vary depending on how packed the room gets. Come in with a casual vibe and you wild be just fine!Stayed in the Main Street hotel and Triple 7 is just by the casino's. We walked in with no waiting line and the waiter didn't keep us waiting. We ordered our food 5mins in to walking in and had gotten our meals around 10 mins of waiting. The water cups are huge! Just the way I like it, about 1 liter or so. The food was good considering the BBQ bacon cheese burger I ordered. It came with sweet potato fries and a special sauce (recommend) Service was really fast and I wouldn't mind coming back!Love this place! They have great happy hour deals; drinks and food. Their food is generally good! I've had several different dishes and have enjoyed them all. The service is always pretty good as well. If you enjoy craft beer, there's is a variety and all pretty delicious. They have seasonal beer, such as cheery stout and Mango Hefeweizen, which both delicious. They have included a "infused" beer specials and I recently had the mango Hefeweizen, which was a nice surprise since it is usually sold in the summer. I recommend this place is you are around Fremont street and are looking for a nice sit down dinner.This is a good spot. Their beer is good, not amazing or anything but not objectionable. The food is also good. The ribs were good, the steak was good enough. Its cheap, and best of all, its open late. As long as you're not looking for fine dining, this is a good place to go.Came in for a beer and had the porter and it is pretty good. A little roasted flavor like a porter should have but not chewy.  Also had two happy hour appetizers which were quesadillas and Mac and cheese. I give the quesadilla a 4 out of 5 but the Mac and cheese only a 2.5. Bar staff is friendly and there are some locals here which to me is a good sign. Worth stopping in if you are out in Fremont St area.Portions--GIGANTIC  Service--welcoming

Now, with 3 kids in tow, and my littlest one a very wiggly toddler, I was getting anxious!  Now that I am a parent and am looking for kid-friendly but not-fast-food-places to go eat with the family, I thought we had made a mistake by going there, it didn't feel very "kid-friendly", plus my wiggly toddler started throwing her crayons all over, while her older siblings helped out by grabbing them. I thought the server was going to be annoyed, and our neighboring customers were going to get upset, but none of that was true.

Somebody pulled the fire alarm while we were in our rooms, this was scary because our room was at the end of the row and we had double doors that closed us off from the main hallway. At this time it was right when my friend was leaving our room and headed to the elevators. The doors closed on her in the area where the elevators were and she freaked out cause she thought she broke the whole place when she hit the down button. After running around opening big ass heavy doors, I finally retrieve her and we go down the stairs. So I escort her  down and when I try to get back in, I'm locked out again. So I try the elevator to the spa area to see if there is another elevator I can take which is working. So now I'm stuck in the area where the spa is. So quickly, I find the nearest evacuation map and end up running through the back employee area to another stairwell. I finally made it to my floor and ran across to the complete opposite side.I'm sorry if you read this completely irrelevant to anything story.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Too much cooked fish!

Chinese Noodles

Door Man at the Elevator - Make sure you have your door key with you, as this door man does not have a "list".  No key, so elevator ride to your room.

If they were playing with a gun, I hope it was not loaded....I initially came in to lay-away a TREK. They let me make my own terms that catered to my budget. They even tacked on a discount when submitting a payment on Black Friday.They answered all my questions with reasonable knowledge and treated this prior military member with money problems with courteousness.If you want a TREK, I haven't found one shop in the valley with their products.Well organized and everything was easy to find. I finally got a CVS members card for here the other day. Their sales with the cvs card can actually be pretty good deals sometimes. Its near home, and I especially liked that they had a chase ATM inside.I don't know why this place gets such a bad rap, other than apparently having a slow-responding pharmacy.  I have always found the staff to be helpful with processing photographs, and have had no problems with the pharmacy either.  In the past year I have observed employees seeming to go out of their way to be friendly and helpful at this full-service drugstore.  So, I am rating this place accordingly, just from my own experiences here.Dr. Trinh and Elite Dental was recommended to me from a long time friend.  I needed a dentist after chipping one of my veneers.  I had no problem getting an appointment and the staff was very friendly.  They brought me back on time and immediately took an x-ray of the chipped tooth.Dr. Trinh came in a few minutes later and did a very fast but professional examination.  He explained what we recommended for treatment and a lady from the front desk explained the options.  I had a bit of sticker shock with the prices and of course there was an up sell to a better material for the crown.  I'm still deciding whether to get the work done or get a second opinion.   The material they recommend (E-Max Crown) is an additional $250.  Luckily there is no urgency to get this work done and I'm not in any pain.I do know that I'll be seeing Dr. Trinh at some point in the future as he is great with people who have dental anxiety.I was a member of the Snap in the southwest part of town so I was excited to find this Snap located in the North.This gym is TINY- I'm not complaining, but for some the snug layout might be a turn off. "Busy" at this location means about 10 people and at times you must wait your turn on a few machines and have to squeeze by one another.

Tarte flambée

Service:     4 stars.

The fries were overwhelming. It was only my boyfriend and I so we finished about half of it and fries aren't exactly good leftover foods. Probably good for a group of 3-4Beverages:

They have an extensive wine list and it covers an entire length of a wall. It's a pretty sight.The service was impeccable. Spot on. Courteous. Attentive.Overall, Scarpetta was de to the lish. If I could afford it, I would definitely go back in a minute! I yearn for you Stramboli. Definitely not your traditional Italian, but a great modern twist.3.97 stars.After a long day traveling to Las Vegas via Los Angeles, we were hungry and ready to celebrate our rather short weekend in Sin City.  We were able to get a booth in the designated bar area that was a bit more casual than the beautiful main dinning room.  Oh "Little Shoe", how pretty you are.  Ambiance:  4 stars.  We started with a few appetizers:  The Beet Salad (2.5 stars) that my friend said was just okay and average at best; The Chestnut Soup (4 stars) was actually quiet nice and sort of like a bisque with nice chunks of pickled brussel sprouts that I usually never have, but really enjoyed; and The Braised Beef (3.5 stars) with fall root vegetables and faro risotto.One dinner entree was the Tagliatelle pasta (3.75 stars) with fall root vegetables, truffle zabaglione and guanciale (Italian bacon).  This was the lighter of our three dishes and came in 3rd place.  The runner up dish was the Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli in a marsala reduction (5 stars!)  Wonderfully rich and decadent, like buttah!!!  We thought the best dish was the Short Rib Agnolotti (5 stars!) of brown butter horseradish.  A stellar dish that had such an intriguing zing of fresh horseradish.  Giddy up little doggie, giddy up!!Service was okay, a bit non existent initially and it took awhile to get two additional settings for our party of three; then ask for a missing bread dish.  Other than that, the waiter made his Italian wine recommendations that turned out to be not bad.  Service:  4 stars.Tally: Ambiance:  4 stars  ("New Romantic" 80's music, a tad bit loud)

The only downside is the price, its a bit steep, but you get what you pay for.Oh yeah, my kind of place.  Bread and Sweets.  Mmmmmmm.  What I like so far: pesto filled roll, cheddar-bacon biscuit.  What I don't like: raspberry oat bar.  Undecided: almond croissant, chocolate cork.  I'll start with the don't like.  The raspberry bars just didn't cut it for me.  I don't like things overly sweet, but this was underly sweet.  I was expecting it to have the richness of butter and brown sugar struessel, but it seemed to have a hollow, somewhat Criso-y flavor.  Pretty disappointing.  And the undecided -- chocolate cork was good, but again didn't have the richness I thought it would.  Almond croissant was good, but I personally really hate it when the outside of a croissant is hard.  Crisp and golden brown is fine.  Hard and on the verge of being overdone is not.  However, after stripping off the overdone crust, the inside was moist and had very good flavor.  And I'm a marzipan freak, so that gooiness was all good in my opinion.  Now for the likes.  Pesto filled roll how I love thee.  It's very odd that for being such a sweet tooth my two favorites here so far are savory.  Nummy bread and bursting with pesto goodness.  More please!  And the cheddar bacon biscuit!  Three of my favorite words all put together.  And this was not so much a biscuit as it was bacon held together with bits of biscuit.  No skimping on the bacon here!  SO good!Don't be such a batch!This place is super good - definitely my favorite bakery in Madison. Everything I've had has been top notch in quality and flavor. I think their sourdough is even better than Madison Sourdough Co.They always have samples out, so you can try something new. Good soda and coffee (intelligensia) selection. The people are really nice too!The only negatives are CASH ONLY :( and they are pretty small- so get there early or they start running low on the popular stuff.Everything I have tried here, I have liked. The monkey bread, filled croissants,sugar topped muffins are my faves. If you want monkey bread on the weekends, get there before 9:00 am to be sure you get one, as it can sometimes can be a bit of a mob scene in there.(So the earlier the better!) With bread,cookies,and pastry like this, you will know why the line is there. Counter help is always friendly, so tip them a buck cuz they work hard!(especially on sat/sun) Thanks for being there Batch, and not being Be-atches!I love Batch!  Almost everything is wonderful (and it's fun to try to figure out your favorites).  The croissant and other sweet pastries are great.  I'm especially enamoured with the vanilla swirl roll, which is flaky like a croissant, but sweet (but not too sweet) like a morning bun.  I recommend avoiding the fougasse, as it's too salty (even for a pretzel type bread!) and stick with the other yeast breads and pastries.  The scali bread (a semolina? loaf with sesame seeds) is great.It seems like their prices have risen lately, though I'm sure this is due to the increasing price of food.  So bring more cash then you think you'll need (since they are cash only).Ham and gruyere croissant-mmmm.I got the rhubarb cake and a cheese filled croissant.  The croissant was second to none.  Amazing.  The rhubarb cake was good too.  Seemed like nice folks as well.The bread of the day,  cracked wheat, reminds me so much of what my classmates and I started to get fat on at the hostel in Madrid.  Thick crust with a nicely textured inside.  Really up to European bakery quality.  The pretzels look plump and intriguing. The baguette though is bit too chewy to pass for the vraie chose.  Expanded afternoon hours for commuters.This was our first visit.  They have a large variety of items and a nice little area to eat outdoors.  We tried several different items and all agreed that the Vanilla Swirl was the best.  The items are about $3.00 a piece.10/5/13 My wife and I stopped at Batch Bakehouse.  It's been in business for 4 years.  Why oh why was my first visit the day we were moving to Waukesha?!?!  They have good coffee, nice bread, and delicious baked sweets.  I highly recommend something I think they call the chocolate corkscrew.This breadhead likes.While I haven't been in the new digs yet, I manage to find a little batch all around me. Co-workers bringing in sweet treats, at Alchemy when I can't resist the daily pate or in the Willy Street bakery department. I gave the monkey bread a whirl this New Year... and holy tastebud swoon.. I seriously contemplating telling you all about this. I am a bit afraid to let the cat out of the bag on that one.Please be sure to leave some for me. Pretty please.Let me ask you this, Bakehouse: Do you WANT me to get the sugar diabetes and have to take insulin and get my legs amputated and shit? Rude. Your beautiful treats are going to kill me. You and your fucking scones. WHY!? Just when I think I'm out of the woods I spot a gorgeous ham and gruyere croissant and start having impure thoughts about it.  Have you ever considered that there might be kids walking by and they might see all of your pies and galettes? Think of the children!  You'll be hearing from my lawyer.lolololjkluvudoeItems Selected:

Thank you for a great time guys!Food delicious and exquisite.  Very clean.  Service very cordial. Thumbs Up!!Stopped in here for lunch and got their chicken Pad Thai lunch special.  It came with a pot sticker, a small side salad with this fantastic vinaigrette, a nice size portion of Pad Thai.  I also had a glass of Riesling to round out my lunch.While it was nice outside and they have patio seating I sat at the bar for lunch.  Service was quick and pleasant.  Before I even ordered the bar tender had poured me a glass of their strawberry and cucumber infused water.   My order was taken and he poured me a little carafe of the wine and then poured half into the glass leaving the rest next to the glass.  The dumpling came out first and was a nice start.  the salad came out next closely followed by the main dish.The only complaint I had was that the Pad Thai had a little too much soy sauce in it but it was still good.  I can definitely see myself coming back and trying some of the tapas and some more wine.I can see what all the hype is about.The restaurant has a nice cozy atmosphere, definitely a place to go with friends after work.The staff was amazing. Everyone was so friendly and courteous, which can definitely go a long way to making a dining experience worthwhile. The food was good. It wasn't great, like some of the Thai places in Chinatown or Lotus, but it was definitely good. Nothing we had tasted bad.We had the Thai beef jerky, the spinach salad (this, alone, would be 5 stars), crab fried rice, drunken noodles, and the Cornish hen.What's great is that this is just off rampart and lake mead, so it's a lot closer than other Thai places. Will probably back again to try more of the menu.Great curry dishes and atmosphere. I highly recommend the Thai donuts.  It is a bit small so you're cramped or you're "more intimate" which is either good or bad depending how you look at it. It didn't bother me that much.I have had a few Thai restaurant experiences, but this one was by far excellent. The restaurant's ambience is great,  the staff is friendly and attentive, and the food is delicious. The lamb chops were done superb. The basil and garlic sauce was perfectly done and the meat melted in my mouth. I also tried their pot stickers as appetizer, they were spectacular. The only thing that could have improved the experience would have been bigger tables and chairs. As a guy who is 6'5" the seats were too low and soft and the tables appeared to be below even standard height.I ordered pad Thai with chicken and fried bananas and coconut ice cream to go. Will say that the food was 5 stars but the pad Thai portion was a little too small for $18Super good but expensive. I would give it 5 stars if it was a little less expensive. My go to for Thai is Basil Beef and Chicken Pad See Ew and Veggie Egg Rolls. I was not disappointed at all. Everything was great, hence the great reviews. I got my order to go so I didn't get the basque in the ambiance of the cute little setting and scenery that is so popular. The employees are extremely friendly. Everything here is great like I said before, just pretty expensive. I would just go across the street to Thai Style Noodle House and be just as happy for less money.Food is good. Authentic Thai food, freshly cooked as you order them. I love their spinach salad. The place is a little small and cramped, so you might as well make a reservation if you're going in a group. Price is reasonable as the food are freshly prepared.The "Not So Secret Salad" is one of my favorite salads in town! It's more of an interpretation than an actual salad, but I don't let that pesky detail get in the way. The dish is tempura-fried spinach leaves with a sweet-and-spicy dressing slash dipping sauce. You can dip the leaves as you go and eat it like nachos, or dump on the dressing and attempt to use a fork. Either way, your taste buds will be quite delighted. You can share this as an app or order it as your main, like I do.Nittaya's Secret Kitchen has $11 lunch specials that include a salad and potsticker, as well as a Happy Hour (Mon-Thurs, 3-6PM). The Not So Secret Salad is also $11 though, so I find myself ordering that instead of branching out to try new things.Small neighborhood place, classy décor and local art, lots of wines available. They have a small section of patio seating, and some day I'll actually try something else on the menu.I can't believe I have lived nearby for years and just tried this restaurant.  My wife and I came in for a late lunch and upon first impression of the interior of the place was it was tidy, quaint and pleasantly decorated.  The soft lighting brings you into an atmosphere private dining.Many things sounded good to me but my wife is a vegetarian so she stayed away from the dishes that included meat.  I nearly ordered the FOB Rice (Fresh Off the Boat pineapple rice) - which after speaking to someone about the place later found out is awesome, but I decided to try the chicken satay and the cilantro beef skewers.  The Chicken Satay was very good while the beef as good, but nothing to write home about. My wife had a spinach salad that had tempura battered spinach and a citrus/cashew dressing sauce on the side.  I should point out that this dish normally comes with chicken but they told her she could elect to have it with tofu instead or without either entirely (which she elected).  I tried it and it was very interesting and tasty.  We also ordered Garlic Edamame which was fantastic.  It had a great garlic flavor and they put in Serrano peppers as well in there which is a twist we had not tried before.That waters served were infused with flower and strawberry very lightly- which gave it a hint of flavor and I had also ordered a Tropical Iced Tea which was great.Overall, a very pleasant dining experience for about $20 for each of us.  I am definitely coming back.Small, intimate, great service. Good selection of wines. Spinach salad and soft shell crab are my favorite dishes! The small plates are all delicious and great for sharing!Wish they had a LUNCH MENU!!! Would come all the time if it was more affordable to lunch here with my girlfriendsOK I love Nittaya's, which surprised me because it's not authentic Thai. But who cares? Please don't be authentic with me if this is what you do in secret. Yes, yes, orgasmic yeses.  Yes to the not so secret spinach salad. It is as spectacular as a good scandal, or as good as they say. I devoured it. Spinach is one of the healthiest cancer fighting greens on the planet and I love how this place says F*ck It and deep frys it in a tempura batter like BOOM, live a little. Yes to the yummy edamame. Must like soy beans to appreciate. Otherwise it will seem overly priced. YES to the avocado curry thingy. Sounds gross, I know, but just go with it. It's amazing. But I'm an avocado freak. Big hell yes to garlic basil lamb chops. Also a lamb chop freak. YES YES YES to their version of Drunken Noodles. My god I love drunken noodles and this place makes me realize how much I've been taking my love for granted. Yes Pad See Ew with chicken, one of my faves.Yes to the FOB Pineapple Fried Rice, also one of my faves. They do it justice in their way. All in all it reminds me of a Tapas restaurant. Who doesn't love Tapas?! This is like Tapas Thai and it's genius, as far as flavor goes, it's all there, and by no means tapas in size. Good portions, pretty plating, decent dish-ware. A must try if you love Thai and love twists. With that being said, I'd suggest to try some of the fusion flare and save ordering your go to Thai dishes for your go to Thai place. Make Nittaya's your mistress and compartmentalize. I'm beginning to see a theme here.  It's a small and quant place and perfect for a date night or lunch date. I love the ambiance, atmosphere and decor. Soft lighting and mood music. Cozy and makes you wanna cuddle. Pricey of course, but you get the concept.first time visit....small and quaint place on seats about 30-35..awesome for dating. ahi tuna was special, veggie spring rolls delicious, garlic fried rice oh so tasty. My love had the Bangkok fried rice and said it was good!! This spot was perfect except they need a tad bit of help w customer service. It was empty upon arrival. However, we were admonished for wanting to sit certain places because they were saving tables for "reservations".  Empty restaurant....paying customers on deck....no sit down...waiting for future customers...not cute.  That took away from their potential 5, but we will come back!  Fabulous presentation. So, give it a try for certain!Someone let the cat out of the bag, since lots of people seem to know about this hidden gem. They were able to accommodate our party, even though I made a last minute reservation on Christmas Eve. Sadly, I did not get one of the white cushy chairs; they brought in an outdoor table and chairs, in order to squeeze us in--literally. By the way, the restaurant was super busy that night, and I was just thrilled to be back.Our server was sweet and very witty. She made the best recommendations, and made us feel well taken care of.We ordered Pad Thai, Pad Si Ew, fried tofu, green curry chicken and their signature spinach salad. The salad was the perfect appetizer for our party of four. We enjoyed it so much that I ordered it for dessert (for the entire table of course). Be advised, this is a savory, deep fried salad, with a sweet sauce on the side. Normally, we order several desserts and tea, but we were stuffed. Their pastry chef does a fine job, so please don't skip dessert.Always crave the spinach salad. Finally tried the garlic rice minus the cilantro.  Nice wine variety. This is my new favorite and must have this at least once a week:)   This is my 4th time here and finally ordered dessert! Fried banana and coconut ice cream WITH caramel rum sauce. Now, the coffee served French press style! 4 stars, place is a bit tight.Such a romantic place! Small, intimate, and cozy. It was almost dream like. The prices are a little high for Thai food, but the portions are good sized and the presentation is beautiful. We had three of the small dishes: five spice ribs, secret stickers, and garlic rice. Each dish was very flavorful. The ribs were good sized and meaty and flavored with Chinese five spice. The secret stickers were much better than your average potsticker, stuffed with meat and spices, deep fried, and served with a delicious sauce. The garlic rice was buttery, redolent with the flavor of garlic, and a great taste of cilantro. I would have any of these dishes again. We went here on a whim and didn't expect it to be so pricey (the three small dishes were $27), but I would love to come back here for date night. They also have happy hour from 3-6, and half priced select bottles on Thursdays.Super cute place. Have lived in this neighborhood my whole life and wish I found it sooner. Very intimate. Would love to come back and do a date night on Thursday when wine bottles are half off. Kinda pricey other than that no complaints. Had the drunken noodles soo good!Great ambience; contemporary and cool. Plates beautifully presented. The food vibrant and fresh. Truly representative of an eatery in Summerlin (Hawaii yeeps, think Kahala)Authentic Thai? No. Unless you think people in Thailand eat orchids.  But a prettied up example for Western palates.Every dish I've ever sampled has highs and lows. For example, the spinach salad that so many rave about. The tempura spinach is excellent. Crispy with just the right salinity. Perfect fresh out of the clean oil. Unfortunately a dip in the sour, herbaceous sauce muddles the flavor and does nothing but make the dish soggy.The server recommended marinated crispy pork, very moist with deep five spice flavor, with a crisp breaded coating, tasty. When mixed with the accompanying chili sauce, the crust becomes soggy and the oil becomes pronounced.Golden pouches, pretty, but the deep-fried wrapper is too thick to bite through, forcing you to turn it upside down and soak it in the curry to soften. All good as the pouches break open and the creamy potato taste great with the curry.In general Curries are very flavorful. Great coconut taste well integrated spice. You won't see chili oil floating on the surface. Proteins in the curries are well cooked.  Chicken and pork are especially tender and still moist.Conversely, sauces don't complement dishes very well. All good, it's fun getting the pork into the curry and the spinach into the chili sauce. All better flavor combinations.Great added touches such as an orange cucumber infused water.Service is very welcoming and off Strip friendly.So why four stars? Simple, The food is intriguing. Take the highs of each dish, play with your food make your own combinations.  In the end, a fun dining experience.The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because of the service. The food: OUTSTANDING! The atmosphere: Cute and Comfortable. The wine list: Lots to choose from. The staff: Friendly. The service: Really slow...... We shared a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc and 2 starters, the Tempura Spinach Salad and the Calamari. Entrees were the Spicy Green Bean Pork and the Grilled Skirt-Steak Avocado Curry. I'll definitely go back (and probably order the same thing because it was so damn good). I just hope they consider hiring more staff to accommodate when the restaurant is busy. We dined at 8:45pm on a Friday.I like to start off with the coconut shrimp or the crab wontons!

I do come here to see the Cirque du Soliel show, Beatles Love, but this hotel is not a normal destination for meI did enjoy the cigar show, but the hotel ventilation system couldn't handle that many people all lighting up at the same time, looked like fog in the room!Went to their new Center Bar, was a bit noisy, so ended up the night drinking and smoking (Cigars people, not that funny stuff) at the also new Parlor Loungethe casino itself is still ok, again, a bit dated, but still nice

Helped me pick out the best Naba plate.

* Great service and friendly staff

A little bit on the pricey side, but you pay for the selection.

check..desserts..check. I would say that it was worth the cost to get in for good quality and unlimited food. I'm always down for anything seafood. So I gorged on the variety of fishes...from calamari to sashimi to sushi to well prepared baked salmon and halibut dishes. These were just some of what I tried and I almost died and went to heaven...hehe..well..let's just say I built up a good enough appetite for all the yumminess to come!This buffet is probably one of my favorites in Vegas (Cravings @ The Mirage is awesome too!) and also because I just lovedlovedloved  the interior decor. It had a whimisical feel to it with a good amount of my favorite pastel colors throughout and OMG..LIME GREEN!!! I was in LOVE! Flowers were accentuated throughout the buffet with perfect lighting from the outside. Gosh..I miss it already!Our group of 9 gals didn't have to wait in line for too long and were seated at a large round table with the bachelorette at the head. Kinda felt like we were in a castle and she was our queen..heheAlthough we didn't have our prince charmings at the time, we still felt loved by the awesomeness of good company and delectable, mouth watering dishes. Definitely a place to go to again..next time I'm making sure I get my CRAB LEGS!!! p.s. I wish there were to go bags! haha!Only a four star because it was a buffet. But OMG, the best buffet I have ever been to. Rarely go them because food is always poor quality. Only went because it was compted and boy was I surprised. First class food with so much variety it made my head spin. Everything was fantastic. A desert bar with hand scooped ice cream. Seafood, crab legs, lamb, prime rib, turkey, pork loin, asian, pizza, pasta bar, salads, fruits and even sushi. They had it all.So...I'm generally not a fan of buffets (say it "buff-ett")...NOT because of the sheer quantity of food, but rather because of the sad lack of quality at most buffets. The Wynn buffett, on the other hand, is not one of said buffets. It's just one step above mediocre. And it could quite possibly be elevated solely by the aesthetics of the place.  Very pretty and lush ornamentation (just like the rest of the casino)...I noticed while we were standing in line that the walls appear to be covered in ivory ostrich skin.Just like all the other Vegas buffets (because there IS a distinction), the Wynn buffet is broken up into styles of food: pasta, salads, seafood, "Asian", grill, soups, desserts, etc. Some highlights:

Valet: 40 dollarsSay what? That is more than Rockefeller Center in Manhattan!

Quad, the Plaza, and the original on Sahara.I had the portobello sandwich no cheese, no pesto and it was very good. So it's doable if you're a vegetarian/vegan. Also had the tangerine juice, and it is my favorite! Freshly squeezed, sweet and delicious.So it's the post office, a service we all need at one point or another. You'll most likely have to wait in line, pay more than you want, and have your boxes get busted in transit. This is the reality. Deal with it.The gentleman who assisted me was very friendly! Take that, bah-humbugs!Never super busy when I go in.

1. Drink before you arrive.

Also....Great for a hangover cure! The Philly Cheesesteak was amazing!Lotta haters on here but every time I've been to the Nascar my experience has been pretty good.  They've got Newcastle which was cool and the food is more than decent.  It's a bar, they're going out of business and it's the Sahara so why does everyone on here expect EXCELLENT food?!  Come on you've either never been to Vegas or you're just flat out ignorant.  The wait and bar staff are both very nice and didn't have a problem separating my checks for alcohol and food (I have to expense the food only).  A lot of people complain about the rules of the B3 Burrito but IT'S A COMPETITION EATING CHALLENGE!  You're not supposed to share it, Adam Richmond didn't pull that business...of course he didn't finish it but some people have!  If you can't man up and eat this massive burrito yourself, just order the 1 pounder bet you can't even finish that haha.  Saw another complaint about being forced to eat it at the bar, once again, it's an eating challenge it's meant to make a spectacle of whoever is eating it.  You really think you're going to eat a 6lb burrito quietly over in the corner in Vegas?  No sir.  Anyways, I stayed right at the Hilton GV for 25 days and I frequented this place because I knew they were shutting down along with Sahara soon so I wanted to get my time in, especially since it's so close.  Don't believe every review you see on here, check it out for yourself and get a Sahara cup to take home cuz on the 16th of May, you won't be able to do that any more.  Check out the BLT I loooved it!I'm actually surprised by the NASCAR Cafe.I'm not a NASCAR fan.  At all.  I was generally like "Pfft, whatever" about trying this place out, though they do serve 6 pound burritos.  Think about it: It's like you would be consuming a small child.  You know what?  Scratch that.  It's probably best that you don't, as it's a little creepy to conceptualize.But since the Sahara is closing, I figured that I should be open-minded and give it a try.  They specialize in "Big" food.  Six pound burritos, one pound burgers, stupidly huge beer towers.... You get the point.I ordered the hot open-faced turkey sandwich with mashed potatoes.  Wow.  Really?  That thing was GOOD.  Like really, really good.  Paolo D. looked at my plate and told the waitress "I'll have what he's having".They also serve 1 pound versions of their child-sized burrito (I had to put THAT image back in your head, didn't I?).  I think I'll be trying that.  Of 4,000+ people to take the burrito challenge, apparently only 34 people have ever completed it.So I've been "Pfft, whatever" about this place for years, and it's sad that I only discovered the food here a month before it closes, but I'm glad that I got over myself enough to try it.Still doesn't get me to do anything about being interested in NASCAR, but I'm sure I'll pull through somehow.I love greek food so after a heavy night of drinking, a GYRO was the only thing on my mind. I went to the Fashion Show Mall with my boyfriend and headed straight for the food court and thought I died and went to heaven because there it was, a gyro spot! I briskly walk over and order my gyro, and it came out within 3 minutes! I also love eating my gyros with really spicy hot sauce and they had an awesome hot sauce there!! It was expensive, I think 8 or 9 bucks, which is the average when you're in Vegas so I'm not complaining. The night before I spent 15 bucks for a meal I did not enjoy at all so 9 was wonderful. They don't accept credit cards though, thank goodness I had cash otherwise I would have been a super unhappy camper. It's 2010, come on! Credit cards should be widely accepted, especially in Vegas! But other than that, tasty food.I'd be remiss if I let my trip to Vegas end without a shout-out to this stand in the Fashion Mall Food Court.I stopped by my last afternoon in town, looking for a quick bite that wasn't going to cost me the earth.  I ordered their gyro, which was sliced off the spit and grilled - not those horrible pre-made slices.  The sandwich was perfectly fine, with a decent tzatziki sauce, onions and tomatoes, and a nicely griddled pita.  My platter came with a passable Greek salad and some boring rice.  For a mall food court, this would have been enough to please.However, when I mentioned how glad I was to see a family food stand selling real Greek food in a mall food court, the woman behind the register smiled, and offered me a container of lemon-egg soup (avgolemono), gratis.  Boy, am I glad I took her up on it.Best.  Avgolemono.  Ever.I'll admit that my opinion might be colored by surprise.  I never would have expected such a flavorful, delicious soup to come out of a mall.  I snarfed every last bit, and nearly scraped through the styrofoam bowl, getting every drop.Believe it or not, that soup was the food highlight of my stay in Vegas.  I spent easily  ten times more for meals at some of the five-star restaurants in town, and this one meal put them all to shame.Went here on a whim after walking what felt like a million miles down the strip. I was in one of my very picky "I want something different" moods and Greek Island was the the most exotic dining option available. I was a little wary of food court Greek but I wasn't about to eat a burger or chicken nuggets so I ordered a Gyro and some fries. I wasn't expecting too much but the Gyro was pretty damn good! The meat was flavorful, the tzatziki sauce was great, the pita was warm and soft. Even the fries were good, My brother didn't want to try it but once I convinced him to take a bite he abandoned his Panda Express *SMH* and I had to go order another one. Next time I'm in Fashion Show I'm definitely hitting this place up.I wanted a lighter lunch (nothing too heavy or super fried) so I opted for Greek Island Cafe.  The gentleman at the register was very pleasant and I tried the gyro combo (comes with fries and a drink). Food came out quick and was super tasty!! Stop by if you want something different than chain fast food places.  PS.  Cash onlyWe were in the Fashion Show Mall replacing my Wife's lost glasses. We were hungry and had an hour to kill so off to the food court we go. We decided to eat someplace we can't get back home. As we don't have any Greek restaurants outside of gyro places back home, we thought we would try this place out and we were not disappointed. I love trying new things, and we were not familiar with most of the items on their menu. The man at the counter was very nice and patiently answered our questions as to what were the different items on the menu. He went into detail describing them. I ended up ordering the Dolmathes(sp?) which was meat and rice wrapped in grape leaves. It was very delicious. It tasted fantastic! I ended up sharing half of them with my wife. She ordered a dish that I can't remember the name of it, but it was like a potato lasagna dish. It was okay; kind of bland... we definitely liked the Dolmathes better. There is a good portion of rice pilaf and a Greek salad that came with each.  Overall it was a good experience and the food was delicious, especially for mall food. I'm hoping to find a place that serves Greek food back home just so I can get some more of the Dolmathes.Very nice staff. Ordered the daily special of LAMB SHANK plate. Quite delicious and quite a steal at 12$ a plate. Came with GREEK SALAD and WHITE RICE. The subtle flavors and spices in the lamb were amazing. The meat was fall off the bone tender! Highly recommended.For being in a good ole mall food court (with typical mall offerings such as Nathan's, Hot Dog on a Stick, Panda Express, and Sbarro), this place is actually really quite good.  For all you veggies out there - the falafel wrap is fresh, filling and delicious. The falafel is only lightly fried and the pita is not heavy either - so don't expect a food coma per se.  Side of tzatziki sauce is included (75 cents for extra sauce).  They also offer a veggie wrap with eggplant and zucchini.  Try the Greek style fries with your wrap (fries + feta + Greek spices).  A combo meal with drink and fries upgrade was about $13.  Not too shabby considering it's still Vegas.We'd been eating at expensive restaurants all week when we ran into this little gem while shopping at the mall. It's not the Estiatorio Milos but it's the healthiest choice in the Fashion Show mall. We both had wonderful salads and then went back again last night for take-out. Everything else in the area is either fatty burgers and hot dogs or sugar laden Chinese food. Thank goodness for the Greeks!I stopped here for lunch and had a gyro.  It was very tasty and the meat was tender and juicy. I have definitely had better tasting taziki (sp) though. I have also never had a gyro without lettuce but this was good.Quick service, a bit high on the prices imo, but this is Vegas.I would definitely come back.Woah, sorry others had a not so great experience here. I on the other hand came in here twice while shopping in the Forum shops. Great looking shoe store with reasonable prices and a very nice selection. They had some really cute handbag's as well. Most prices are under $100 a pair, with some very nice stylish high heels for under $50, wedges, stiletto's, pumps, etc...in many colors. I did buy a few pair, actually went back the next day to get another pair that I could not get out of my head from seeing. Solid color's, bling, and more bling. Very nice casual sandals as well. Service was good, they give you your space until you need them. Not pushy at all and for this I was happy. Good store and so convenient to check out especially when your feet need saving from all the walking.I love shoes. and shoooz!  However it is spelled, shoes are addicting!I have been to all 3 locations (here at Forum, in Paris, and at Venetian) but I really like this store.  It has a nice layout and is easily accessible from the Self Park garage.  Shoooz carries a lot of my favorite brands including Onex and Dezario, as well as Sofft, B. Makowski, and other high end arsty shoes and boots.Having been successful at this location prior in the sale section, I went there first.  No luck this time, but of course they had the shoe I was specifically looking for, a black sparkly Dezario that is very similar to the one I got on sale a year ago (I own it in gold AND silver and wear them at least three times a week) but has a new design twist.  I figure if I wear those often enough, I will definitely wear the black (and my old black and silver shoes I was wearing yesterday happened to be on the way out).I also needed a thong sandal since mine were recently casualties to a muddy elephant farm in Chiang Mai.  I ended up with low heel Sofft brand patent ones with a very unique design, nice enough for work even.  I forgot my salesperson's name but she was great.  I also entered to win a pair of free Onex shoes (what a perfect sweepstakes for me!) and a pair of O Gringo boots, some high end boots with Swarovski crystals.This is a great place to fulfill your shoe or shooo desires!The Diplomat Apartments are comprised of three buildings in which each section holds its own charm. Built in the 1950s the buildings have housed many celebrities of the day where it is rumored that Dean Martin would sip cocktails by the pool with showgirls. The main building, resting on Paradise, faces the Wynn which originally was the location of the Desert Inn Casino with a popular golf course amongst the social elite in Vegas during the 60s and 70s. Today, it stands as a testament of long-standing history in city where history is often blown from the sands. Comprised of three buildings, Dip1 is the main original building with it's signature bow-tie shape. The grounds are kept up with plenty of palm trees, eucalyptus, grass and bushes. With three spacious layouts (1BR, Loft, 2BR) the interiors maintain their charm and are great for the single person, couple, or starter family.Dip 2 is a the newest of the three buildings (built in the 1970s) and rests behind the main building on Sierra Vista Drive. These are larger and contain open floor plans while Dip3 is the farthest building to the east also on Sierra Vista. This building is comprised of "bungalow" duplex one-bedroom units.There's lots of history with The Diplomat Apartments ranging from the glory days mentioned above to a downfall in the 90s where it was a haven for drug pushes, pimps, and nefarious types. While further down east on Sierra Vista the neighborhood may be considered undesirable, much of the land is being bought up by the Las Vegas Convention Center. The LVMPD patrol regularly as their Convention Center Command Station (which services the LV Strip) is a block away. Paradise Road is busy at all hours with tourists and locals alike. It's easy to be scared away by the surrounding neighborhood but The Diplomat Apartments are an oasis in all this. The location can't be beat. It's close to work/entertainment on The Strip. Major bus lines run to the airport and downtown Las Vegas. Less than a half mile away is the Boulevard Mall and other shopping. UNLV is just a short drive away. It's like getting all the best Las Vegas has to offer.The tenants are good people and many have lived there for many years. Rents are incredibly affordable and they offer electricity, gas, and water to be paid! This is a GREAT DEAL, especially in the summertime when temperatures rise above 110 degrees! You can run that Air Conditioner all you want.Maintenance is prompt on fixing problems and management is beyond approachable. My $.02 -

However, with what they DO with that amazing space, they get them a 2 or 3. With the fantastic rooftop location and outdoor patio space, they should have more outdoor furniture, a cocktail bar, and a lounge-esque DJ/music set-up EVERY night in the summer (at least on weekend nights). It's really such a shame.

Last night was the infamous sunday dance party. We mounted those stairs as the beat thumped and the DJ loomed at the top of the staircase like a monolith of sound, a pillar of electro non-chalance. It was a bit crowded and akward to get at the bar tenders with bodies loitering everywhere, a million side conversations chattering away, obscuring my pleas in a Cacophonous wall of noise. I am 6'4'' and with a jew fro mop of curls, i've never had a problem attracting a bar tenders gaze what with my inherent good looks and obvious desperation for liquor. Last night was different.We stood there for a good 10-20 minutes it seemed before we were even acknowledged. A wandering door man "sans porte" approached us for our id's. I gave him mine, he slapped a wristband on me. Babs fumbled in her purse for hers but finally found it and she received her token of age verification. We waited. and waited. The door man came back and asked for our id's again. we flashed our wristbands.

Warning: if you are with a group of light eaters, order less one or two plates, you will get filled up fast.The food is very fresh, service is good. And its always nice to have the chips to munch on while you are waiting.I like to bring foreigners here for a Mexican themed place, that while might not be super authentic, the food is very good and palatable to most people and it is always clean and well kept.So after having a not-so-great experience with the service at our most recent visit to Chevy's, I decided to make a comment through their website. I was pleasantly surprised that I had a response from the regional manager. . . THAT DAY! We are a fan of Chevy's food which is why I was really sad to have the negative experience, but the quick response from the management side was unbelievable. I hope internally the problem was resolved, but as a customer they've won back my loyalty. I will visit again. Thank you!Automated buffing car wash - would not accept my debit card but took cash just fine.  $5 basic wash, $6 and $7 options.  I got the $7 wash as my car was insanely dirty. Happy with results.  Automated voice direction while paying was earsplitting loud.  Across street from soup kitchen, will likely see transient people wandering around, so if that makes you nervous, take note.  Overall, liked it - was able to wash late at night on a cold evening and not have to interface with attendant.  Would recommend.My husband and I go out at least once a week to buy his magazines.  Border's has become our preferred bookstore because they always have the magazines he likes to read and I love their rewards card.  Tonight we went in to make our weekly purchase and talk to the staff.  They have a great group of people working there.  They are always helpful and knowledgeable about so many different subjects. While it is a chain store it gives the feeling of being a community store.Nice atmosphere, great staff only place I can find Top Gear magazine!!I think this is what Borders is known for, having a broader selection. This magazine is published in Britain and it's hard to find in the states.You can never go wrong with Denny's. Perfect hang over food.Denny's is Denny's.Eggs

:: Steamed egg (off menu for $5), which was a mistake as it came out overcooked. It may have been because they don't usually make this dish. They probably forgot about it and left it cooking for too long. It was quite dry and almost green when it was finally served.This was more than enough food for three people and we had a couple of boxes of leftovers (including rice)! It was still good the next day :)Light, fluffy pillows of tofu soup!!!...Spicy, elastic buckwheat noodles!!!...Flavorful slices of marbled beef!!!...There are so many great things to enjoy at Soyo!It took far too many years for me to include Korean food as one of the mainstays when eating out. I think it was because I was so dreadfully afraid of receiving a KOREAN KIMCHI SLAP...and if you're not familiar with that, you should google that now and rest assured that you are in no danger of such a horrible experience happening at Soyo. I know this because my Asian wife told me it's more dramatic if it happens at home.The bibimnaengmyeon is my favorite.  It is cold buckwheat noodles in a spicy sauce with some fresh root veggies for a little texture. It is a little on the spicy side, but an ancillary benefit is that it helps to clean you out the morning after. Another Soyo favorite is their Soondubu Jjigae (Spicy Tofu Soup). I don't mind tofu, but I rarely looked forward to ordering tofu until I came across this dish. Korean heat is one of my favorite styles for spicy foods.  This dish balances that heat, with rich and full flavors. A final go-to is Soyos Chaa Dol Baak E Boo Choo Moo Chim Salad. This dish is certainly light on the salad and plentiful with thin slices of marbled beef. What the salad brings is a nice bit of acid to cut the fattiness of the savory beef.Soyo is a "Barstaurant" which, best as I can tell, means it's a restaurant that can at times have a fun, slightly lively, feeling going on when the Soju is flowing freely. Still the name is a bit vexing. In general, it is just a cool Korean restaurant...so stop by and check it out if you're looking for good Korean eats!Pretty good Korean food. Service was prompt and adequate.  Small, cute restaurant but the music they were blasting was a little odd considering it would go from Koran pop, to English slow jams and then edm, needless to say ambiance was a bit confusing. Loved the kimchi fried rice, kalbi and bulgogi. We tried the spicy chicken wings with special sauce.  Still not sure what the sauce is but it was a little thick and not so spicy.Its near my house so we will go back!I love soyo. It's one of my favorite restaurants. This is my go to place for Korean food in general. I go to Mr. Tofu if I just want tofu soup, but for anything else I go to Soyo. I came here the other night for yuk gae jang. I had it when I was in Korea, and I was craving it. I read reviews and read that it had a really good one. My friend ordered the sulletang, and he liked it. My yuk gae jang was pretty great. There was egg, shredded beef, some weird string thing, a thin rice noodles. The soup I had in Korea had more beef in it, but the soup broth was nice and spicy and tasted pretty good. I really enjoyed it. The other dishes we ordered were a fried chicken and omurice. The fried chicken was a little dry, and I don't think I really like the omurice. Those things are just personal preference, though. The omurice doesn't taste horrible, it's just not something I would go there to order. I do like the water that they serve- it's barley water which is a refreshing change to water. It's called a barstaurant so there are alcoholic beverages which I don't drink. After 11, you do have to be 21 in order to go to the restaurant.We're lucky this place is so close to our house. Haven't had anything we don't like. Our favorites are the kimchee pancake and the kalbi.  The stews/soups are great when the weather is colder. There's a nice selection of items that are spicy and stuff that isn't spicy. The banchans are always good/fresh and are always refilled when asked. The soju cocktails are a great deal and if they have it available, try the makgeolli (rice wine). Service can be a little spotty, sometimes they're super nice and attentive and sometimes they can be a little absent. Great neighborhood place to grab some food that won't break the bank.My favorite Korean food restaurant in Las Vegas. In Vegas, this is as good as it gets--the best in food for a korean resto. Cute decor, and the yook gae jang (spicy beef soup) rivals some restaurants in the Ktown of Los Angeles. Bibimpab (stone pot mixed rice)- 4 star

My wife ordered a Gluten Free Margharita pizza which she said was very fresh. The crust not memorable, but the rest of pizza was great. Celiacs, I promise to find a great pizza crust in town. This GF pizza was extremely passable though.  The place is next to Michaels so you don't get lost like we did.  This place is really good. Definitely worth a try.Food is great. place is clean. Owners seemed unfriendly. White dude was nice but two middle eastern fellas didn't want to help us much.This place is so good. Great house salad and I loved their grilled prosciutto pizza! Also their grilled zucchini and mushroom pizza is amazing!!! The oven baked pies are good but nothing beats their grilled pizzas. Great for lunch or dinner. Super casual. Walk in order, take a seat and they'll bring you your meal. They have beers on tap and a decent wine selection. I love this place. It's out in stone crest but worth the drive! You can grab a movie after or go to marble slab for dessertI have been here 3 times so far and have never had a bad pizza. All of their pizzas are are 11' which allow you to order multiple types and share. To date, I have tried the bacon and egg, pepperoni, sausage and pepper ( my favorite one so far), grilled zucchini, mushroom and eggplant pizza which also had yellow squash on it (my least favorite  but a good vegetarian option- would probably add meat to this if I ordered it again) and  broccoli rabe and sausage pizzas( my second fav). But there are many more I want to try and you can also create your own pizza. The salads are good sized and made to be shared. Love the crispy risotto fritters appetizer! They also serve a variety of beers- some of them locally brewed, and wines. And their gelato is nice way to end the meal.The last time I went there was with a large group. The staff was very  polite and accommodating, continually checking in with us. This is my new pizza place in Ballantyne after having many disappointing meals at a chain pizza restaurant in the same area. Would highly recommend it!In the summer of 2012, three families got together with the goal of creating the best pizza restaurant in Charlotte, NC. In their quest to create the "best" pizza, they traveled from New York to San Francisco, from New Haven to Los Angeles, and virtually everywhere in between in search of the perfect pizza. At TRUE Crafted Pizza, they take an artisan's approach to making pizza. With help from Harry Peemoeller, a renowned baker/professor at Johnson & Wales University (one of Ella's former instructors), they developed what they believe to be a perfect pizza dough recipe.The menu features two distinct styles of pizza, the Traditional Oven Baked Pizza and the Signature Grilled Pizzas. This second type of pizza is unique to TRUE Crafted Pizza and is not offered anywhere else in Charlotte. We love unique flavors and if TRUE is the only place in the Queen City offering grilled pizzas then the decision on what we were going to order was pretty obvious. We started with the Crispy Risotto Fritters with creamy fontina cheese and fresh herbs, and then we split the Grilled BLT Pizza with bacon, grilled romaine lettuce, tomato with ranch dressing.The risotto fritters were addictive, artery clogging, and smile inducing fried balls of risotto dripping with fontina cheese. The grilled blt pizza was delicious but we thought there might have been a little too much lettuce. So much lettuce that the pizza felt more like a giant salad than a grilled pizza. We loved TRUE crafted pizzas and can easily recommend you stopping by the next time you have a pizza craving in South Charlotte.Delicious! My favorite is the House made pesto signature pizza and my husband who doesn't like pizza much loves the garlic & clams one. Very thin pizza. I can practically eat a whole pie myself!Great change of pace pizza place to go to. Quality ingredients and combos on the menu. I went with the bacon egg and cheese which had a perfectly fried egg, lots of bacon (always good) and shaved potato pieces which made the pie. The kids enjoyed the plain cheese and a meatball pie. Tremendous value for the $ here compared to what we normally spend at Mellow Mushroom. Local beers on tap and a rewards app and yelp checkin deals!Sometimes I get frustrated with going out to eat. It's not because the service is bad. It's not because the food was bad. In fact, it's more frustration in myself, that I can't eat everything on a menu in one sitting. And that the restaurant offers so many tempting dishes that I can afford. That is how my first experience at TRUE went.The model is order-at-the-counter, they'll bring it to you (a-la McAlisters or something like that), so it's a casual environment with lots of families there. I will say that because the restaurant kind of revolves around their kitchen, it's pretty toasty in there, but it wasn't terrible. I had never seen grilled pizza before, and neither had The Lady, so we both ordered one. I got the Prosciutto Di Parmi and she ordered the House-made pesto pies. These. Were so. good.Crispy flatbread, fresh ingredients, and really unique pizzas will keep me coming back. I can't wait to try the other pies, and maybe a few other items too. Keep doing what you're doing!Great pizza and salads. Love seeing the red truck! Owner is super great and takes a lot of pride in his ownership.This is one of the better places in the area. Prices are reasonable and the food is pretty good. The shop is really well designed and is a great place to go before the movies. We took some friends here, and one was a vegan, and they even had a pizza for her (not sure how good pizza without cheese can be but she said she liked it!).  We love sitting at the bar, the bartenders are always willing to have a conversation and the crowd is always very friendly as well. They even have gelato!Pizza was okay but nothing to write home about service was great and the price was good. I got the Mediterranean pizza.Besides the long wait time, the food is actually not bad. My son and I go here before heading to the movies. We like the thin crust style pizza.Tried the oven baked cheese pizza which had a crispy crust with just the right amount of char and tasty cheese.  Gelato was a great way to end the meal - rich and creamy.Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Though the pizza was tasty, it came out slightly burnt. Will try again though!Tried the bacon and egg pizza...really good, although it was more of a breakfast sandwich than a pizza. Crust was decent ingredients seem to be quality...we'll be back to try again. Beer selection was nice too!First time ordering take out here. Got our order in just under the wire before they closed. They made a great pie. I had the grilled pepperoni pizza and added sausage. It was awesome and I'll be back. We also had the mushroom/onion regular pie and it was tasty as well. The calamari was good but would be best eaten while dining in.We have only ever done take out, but the bacon egg pizza is incredible. Pizzas are slightly larger than a personal-sized pie. Just enough for a big eater or enough for 2 if you have a big salad along with it. Outdoor seating is OK, but just faces the parking lot. They also have a mobile unit that you can hire for catering.Great pizza and salads here.  Reasonably priced, sometimes gets a little crowded, but will be back.Since the Ballantyne Wellness Fair when they had their Food Truck out passing out free samples, i've been craving to return. Today I finally made it in and ordered Take Out. The menu was a bit confusing if you ask me. What's the difference between a Traditional Pizza, a Speciality Oven Baked Pie & a Signature Grilled Pizza I asked. They must get this question all of the time because I was told that technically there are only two types of pizza & he pulls out 2 pizza paddles and says one is round and has a crust, the other is square and doesn't have the crust. Why not just put this on the menu? I'd rather that than receive a presentation every time I forget. But anyway I placed my order, Grilled Pepperoni Pizza with Extra Pepperoni, Calamari no Jalapenos and Cheese Wedges. As I waited I was offered a complimentary drink. The staff is very attentive. I was constantly checked on and assured my order was coming up. Not only by the person who checked me out, but by everyone else as well. I received my order and opened everything to check it before I left, where's the extra pepperoni?!?! One of the staff says "Are there 8 pepperoni on it?" I say no there are more than 8. They say then it's extra pepperoni because the regular only comes with 8. ARE YOU SERIOUS???? A complete waste of my $2. What a scam!! As I waited, I saw other pizzas go by loaded with toppings, but they skimp on the pepperonis? I checked Yelp and it looks like I had the same amount of pepperoni as in every other picture. So either everyone only orders extra pepperoni or they are super cheap & I was robbed $2 worth of pepperoni!! I'm going with the latter. I checked in with my Yelp app and saw the offer a Free Small Gelato so I claimed that and chose the Vanilla flavor. Now how did everything taste? Delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No complaints. I loved everything about everything. Really the only thing that kept them from getting 5 stars was their pepperoni scam. Save your $2, it's not worth it.While the ordering process (unless you sit at the bar) is a bit odd, and the lighting is a bit too bright, the pizza at TRUE is...AMAZING! There's pizza and then there's pizza that tastes like a real meal. This is that pizza. Checking in on Yelp and getting a free gelato was the proverbial icing on the cake. (Thanks, Yelp!)Stars all around for being True to their name.. The pizza was fantastic!  Light, crispy crust... chewy cheese... we had the broccoli raab and sausage pie and it descended to our bar seats fresh from the oven like an angel.  I wish I lived closer to here to make this joint a regular.  Other dishes we had were fine, tho not the star.. the calamari with jalapenos had  a little fire, but not a lot of bite, the Caesar salad lacked kick too.. anchovies?  Didn't see them.  Dressing was minimal, if any.   But oh, the gelato made up for that too.. fantastic, authentic, creamy love scooped right from heaven.

We had been hesitant to have Dim Sum in LV, because we are used to the Dim Sum in San Francisco, which is really some of the best! But, we found a new spot for sure! The Dim Sum was really excellent! I would go back for anytime!We were there right at opening, being told it gets really crowded on a Sunday.

I will never again take scallops for granted.I am actually in quite a pickle, because all of citizen's menu looks amazing, but I don't know that I can ever enter this establishment and order anything but those wonderful scallops again.I fell in love with the food, came back twice, and loved it some more.  The atmosphere is  boring and oversized but the food makes the back drop not matter.  The first time I had the duck breast, and it was one of the best duck breasts in the Valley.  Plump, tender, crispy... it had it all.  The stuffing and cranberry were extra yum.

Come on by...Stopped in for breakfast before heading back to SoCal. Sat on the small front patio on a nice sunny morning. I had the Josephina omelet. Very good. Mom and dad were happy with their meals too. Fantastic coffee!The food was great and the staff was super nice! They have really great coffee options and omelets with everything you can think of in them.What a great little find for breakfast. Went with two other people, and we never even went inside the place; we sat out on the patio, and it was perfect. I had the eggs benedict, served by Lauren, and both were very good. I definitely recommend this place. Maybe some day I'll even go inside.This little known place [at least to me] was great. It had a small-town, down-to-earth feel, the waitresses smiled, greeted, helped, and paid attention to everyone who walked through the door. They had some seemingly odd sandwiches on the menu and I was inclined to try the Coronado. That consisted of turkey, raisins, sesames seeds, cranberry sauce, and cream cheese on pumperknickel bread!  It was an odd combination but it was fantastic! Service and food was great, the only complaint would be they need to have better seating areas and get the a/c checked - it was 100+ outside but was very very warm inside the restaurant.Great "local" spot.Coffee pub was first recommended to me back in 2007 as a terrific breakfast spot.  It lived up to expectations, but then I learned it closed.  Incorrectly, I thought it was a victim of the economic downturn, but apparently it only changed owners.  Six years later, I visited again and ordered carryout (excellent Cobb salad).  The phone order was expertly taken (equal amounts of humor, efficiency and sassiness)...home fries were both delicious and hot when I arrived home.  Salad was fresh.  Great job.Arrived for breakfast on a weekday morning. Parking was convenient to locate and I was seated immediately. Free wifi is a plus but you need to obtain the password from a staff member.I asked my friendly waitress what she recommended and she replied - the Hervos rancheros, which I went with. When my entree arrived I bit into the eggs which were smothered in cheese, cooked perfectly medium and tasted delish. The entree came with a large amount of re-fried beans and I ended up eating only half.The coffee here was hot, strong and was a good chaser for any BF entree. I noticed they also offer a lobster omelet so that will be worth a return visit.It's always been a favorite, the people are relaxed and friendly, the food is good and a bonus is outdoor seating.  The coffee Pub feels like a home town place you can call your own. It's comfortable and kind, sometimes fast sometimes slow, but always a pleasure.While in Vegas over the weekend, I wanted to get off the strip for at least one meal. On my way out of town, my friend and I stopped at the Coffee Pub (as influenced by Dave H's review). This place is very homey. When you walk in, it doesn't feel like anything special, but the people who work here are very friendly and casual. We sat ourselves and were served quickly (which was great because we needed to get home). The coffee was pretty standard coffee....nothing special for a place named after it. My friend had the pumpkin pancakes, which were good, and I had the croissant egg sandwich sub over medium egg. Mine was very good, but very homey... as in, I could make this at home. That isn't necessarily a bad thing. The bacon was crispy and the eggs were cooked well. It was good. Service was great, the woman who works there (owns it?) with the short hair knew everyone's names that came in and was very friendly...offered to bring out a coffee to go for me, which I appreciated. I noticed she physically touched just about each one of the customers (not in a weird way...just in a friendly way). The prices were good. I would consider going back when in Vegas.A lovely surprise!I just found out about Coffee Pub from a girl friend of mine. She promised I would love it. We met there for coffee and she was right, this place is so cute. We sat outside and enjoyed delicious caramel macchiatos. Our server was a younger guy, super nice and very attentive.The owner was walking out to run a delivery and stopped to say hello briefly. I have yet to eat food from here but their menu is extensive and I have heard good things. I will definitely be back to try breakfast.I was so anxious to love this spot when I was looking for breakfast spot and saw the reviews and pics . The Coffee Pub had a cute cozy cafe vibe with choice of seating inside or out .  We were told we could seat anywhere we wanted so we chose to sit inside .  The service wasn't as prompt as I normally would like it to be.  This other couple seating in the same area even said " hmm we should have sat outside where everyone is at .  So It wasn't just me.  The food was delicious my hubby ordered the French Toast with side of patties . And I ordered their egg white omelette with chicken and fruit .  I love their healthy options of egg whites , soy or skim milk with your lattes and fruit sub over potatoes .  I was so looking forward to giving them 5 stars but it was the service .  The regulars got really nice welcome back treatment which was cool to see .  The food and ambiance outweigh the service so I can see us coming back and giving it another try .Good place off the strip especially if you don't want to wait an hour to be seated like most places. Food is decent and affordable.   Variety of items to choose from and it's your typical mom and pop place.Sorry Egg & I, Hash House, Blueberry Hill and all the other Vegas breakfast spots - you've been replaced.I've been here 3 times now over my last few trips to Vegas and I have always been delighted. Their floor show sandwich with a side of fruit has become the magic cure for my hangovers (turkey, sprouts, avocado, yum!) and I've also stolen bites of the pumpkin pancakes, salmon benedict and josephina omlette, all of which were delish.I don't understand why they aren't more busy, but I'm not complaining because I love being able to walk in and grab a table without a wait on 10 am on a Saturday. The coffee is a little better than the average restaurant, which is nice to not have to swing by a legit coffee shop after breakfast to get enough caffeine to function.Great Chai Latte. Quaint little out of the way spot. Perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch. Food is decent, not gourmet. Its home style. Soups are homemade. Pasta salad-homemade. Soup or salad and a sammy, great! This is coffee shop food at its best with a convenient location! What more do you need? Outdoor seats?- yes, they have those too. Something that is hard to get in Las Vegas for some reason. A breakfast on the patio! Have the pumpkin pancakes, you won't regret it.I checked out the Coffee Pub last weekend with the b/f and was pleasantly surprised.  My DirecTv installer guy recommended this place to me - who knew he was such a foodie?!  I had an omelet and the b/f had...something I don't recall exactly.  All I remember is that both meals were great.  The ambience wasn't exactly an ideal brunch scene, but there was NO wait to get in and the service was good.  I'm sure if the location was better, this place would be hopping all the time.  (Weird, weird location...)Just finished a great breakfast here!!  I had the pumpkin pancakes and my husband had the chicken breast egg white omelette and he said it was one of the best omelettes he had ever had, light and fluffy and just as advertised on the menu. The pumpkin pancakes had just the right amount of spice and I always like it when they leave the whole syrup dispenser on the table like they do.  My soy mocha was outstanding!!  I will echo GW's review and say it was way better than the big green chain's!  Service was good. We were both very satisfied customers.Awesome lil local spot! Great patio, Very fresh and delicious food! Lauren, our server, AMAZING service, very "real"and friendly!!  I will definitely be back!I'm actually surprised how underrated this restaurant is.  Delicious food and great service, two of the few things I expect from a restaurant if I were to wake up early for breakfast.  Luckily, this place has both and more!!The menu is actually quite extensive; got my water and a refill before deciding on what to order.  Had the Lobster Omelette during my recent visit since it seems to be one of the items that everyone keeps raving about.  Unfortunately, I should've gone with my gut and stuck to what I knew best.  I don't know about y'all but I'd like to see chunks of meat if I were to order something with lobster.  Instead, I got what seemed to be chopped up krabs mixed with mayonnaise which overpowered the taste of the dish.  I say go for their Benedicts.  Eggs usually come in poached just right over toasted english muffins.Overall, Coffee Pub is a dope spot for breakfast!! I definitely recommend it over other  places in the valley.Coming from New Mexico this place was delicious. Service was a bit slow but the food made up for it!! Coffee was an eye opener,  whippy butter is hard to find and Coffee Pub complimented my pancakes with it!! Wait staff was nice & friendly. OMG ... Breakfast here at the Coffee Pub was one of thee best I had while visiting Las Vegas for Spring Break. I would recommend this place to friends and family who plan to visit Las Vegas.Great little hidden gem!! Thank you yelpers for directing us to another great local find.I visit Vegas quite a bit, and try not to eat on the Strip if possible.  The Strip is a "rip" and the only benefit of eating at the Strip is I can use my comp points for mediocre, overpriced food.Finding a mom-and-pop place like Coffee Pub makes the trip more enjoyable.  Its nice to just walk away from the clangs of the slots or the smoke filled casinos.This Coffee Pub is tucked away in a desolate strip mall, completely on the opposite side from the other merchants.  Its next to an Embassy banquet type place, which I mistook for the Embassy Suites Hotel (its not!).  Its across from the Nevada Bank if that helps.The place is small, holds maybe 50-80 people, cozy, with a few big table for groups.  There's outside tables for the pets (I guess?) or maybe for the smokers, though I am not sure of the Nevada laws regarding smoking near an eating establishment.Prices are reasonable, and plenty to choose from for Breakfast/ Brunch/ Lunch.  Originally I was going to get breakfast but the sandwiches sounded so yummy, I decided to have that instead. I thought I ordered the San Diegan, but realized it was the Redondo, the turkey, bacon, avocado on sourdough.  It came with melted cheese, but I held off on the cheese. It comes with fruit, salad or chips.Stephen had the huevos ranchero, and he said it had a good kick to it.  I'd come back! Great little place, and the staff does their best to serve.Please visit this place if you're staying in Las Vegas. This is where the locals seem to go, and for good reason. Very friendly staff, great portions, and very affordable. Easy kids menu, great coffee & delicious options for adults. My rib-eye steak was cooked to order, very tender & perfectly seasoned. The pub fries were also quite good. Had a chance to finish my daughter's waffle, and even that was delicious. Forget the crazy casino restaurants & pay this place a visit. Believe me, you'll become a regular after your first visit.I have driven past the Coffee pub more times than I care to remember- because until yesterday, they were usually always closed. But finally, I made it by when they were open!Walked in toward the end of lunch for a takeout order. I went with their daily special, the Baja Chicken sandwich- chicken with olives and onions and a chipotle sauce and two kinds of cheese, with tomatoes, and lettuce. Each sandwich comes with a side, (potato or pasta salad, chips or fruit)- I chose the pasta salad. I also added the Chai This blended drink- chai, banana, protein powder, and soy milk.Service was friendly though they nearly mixed my order up with a group order.  Dining room with the barista is surrounded by windows and has almost an old school diner feel to it- but there is far more space in the other adjacent dining room than I expected. Larger than it appears on the outside.Got home with my meal- sipped the chai drink as I drove and it was delicious! A bit steep at over $6 for a 24 ounce cup, but it was tasty. Sandwich was $8.50 including the pasta, and the sandwich itself was enormous! I only ate half and gave the other piece to my BF, along with the pickle. Pasta salad was also a decent portion, served in a lidded Styrofoam cup to keep it cold and prevent spills. Also fresh and flavorful, with bits of tomato and a creamy white sauce similar to salad dressing.Delicious sandwich, good portions, lots of variety on menu- will come back to try another sandwich, or perhaps a soup. Today they were out of cream of mushroom, but let me know it usually sells out fast.Cute little cafe across the street from palace station . We were originally looking for just a coffee place but the neighboring coffee , tea , or me ? place happened to be closed and came across this on yelp. When you walk in its more like a diner rather than a coffee shop that I had expected . They have a nice area on the patio to eat as well as two rooms inside filled with old pictures , reminiscent of it's past. You can pick your own seats as well. My seat seemed as if it was going to break which was a little uncomfortable so I switched seats with a table near by . I found that the interior part of the restaurant was uncomfortable so we opted for the patio. The patio area is a nice shaded area. I got the frozen white chocolate mocha frappe and the salmon lox. Delicious ! They were both very good and the waitress even gave me a few more capers cause I'm a caper freak. Anywho , service was awesome and you can tell that everyone that works there cares about their customers. A few regulars came in and they greeted them welcomingly asking them how they've been etc . Was nice to see this and they even treated me like I've been going there along time . It's cute if you want a nice low key breakfast dinner not so good as a coffee place , but I know now ! I'll be back , maybe I'll be a regular too .This is in an old 80's strip mall. It's an old-timer's spot. I normally come here for breakfast, brunch or lunch with my sister since she works nearby.They have omelets, scrambled, sandwiches, benedicts, wraps, tacos, quesadillas, burgers, coffee and smoothies. I'm a creature of habit so I have a selection of menu items I would never stray from: Chicken Egg White Omelet (with choice of chips, macaroni salad or fruit + choice of toast), Lobster Omelet, The Redondo (BLAT + turkey breast, Swiss cheese on sourdough bread) and, The Palm Springs (roast beef, avocado, cheddar, tomato and lettuce on wheat). For smoothies, I like: Strawberry Bear (strawberries, banana and non-dairy gelato) and Chai This (chai, protein powder, banana and soy milk). Smoothies that don't make my stomach hurt, yay!The service is good and the prices aren't bad.After a day of road good and gross casino buffet. We needed a real breakfast before we hit the road again. This was it. Omelette was delicious. Coffee was drinkable. They made a special large pancake for the kid even though the menu was silver dollar. They are friendly and casual. We would eT here again.This place is great for the basics and if you don't want to pay an arm and a leg at the casinos for pretty good breakfast. They have fresh bagels, oatmeal, and awesome lattes/cappuccinos. Among the crowd you will mostly see locals and not many tourists. Especially nice is not having to park in a giant casino lot to get a coffee. Parking is easy!Love the chicken tortilla soup ( everyday ) and clam chowder on Friday's both  delicious. Omelettes and their BLT awesome.This place is a favorite among those working near the plazas or at the US Bank building. I am not a fan of Macaroni Grill or Landry's, and I don't want to be lifted into my house with a crane so I try to abstain from having In n out every day therefore Coffee Pub provides a nice alternative. The staff once they get to know you are incredibly friendly and courteous. They do get swamped, but they will take care of you and make sure you enjoyed your meal. The other day I spotted Carolyn Goodman having lunch there. A few days prior I saw Dina Titus eating at Macaroni Grill...I think I just have a knack for spotting public figures. Anyway, the menu is huge and the food is solid. Some of it is hit and miss, but some of it is very much hit ,among those being the Lobster Omelet, Tortilla Soup and the La Jolla Sandwich. You can do the half sandwich, soup and pasta salad or fruit combo for like $9. You really can't beat that for freshly made food. The Lobster Omelet is delicious with huge chunks of lobster. I am not a fan of their steak and eggs which my husband seems to enjoy or their huevos rancheros. Overall, I'd say if in the area give this place a shot for lunch.Nice to find a place close to the strip where you can get a great breakfast and not be treated or charged like a tourist.Very lowkey spot, you will miss it if you're driving too fast. Came with a group of 5 on Easter Sunday, seated right away which was nice considering all of the other places in town had hour wait times. Ordered a short stack pancakes and potatoes. Now let me tell you, these pancakes aren't so good without syrup. HOWEVER, this magical syrup will make anything taste like gold. Potatoes were greasy (not at all a bad thing for me, I am a grease queen), but some were not fully cooked. Still overall delicious & worth a try!! Will be coming back to try other menu items.Great Food and the owner is very friendly. Great for locals too. I had tried to eat here for breakfast and lunch and I always had a great experience.Awesome service excellent food and not to pricey I would definitely come back can't go wrong with steak in the morningMy Fiancé and I came in on a late Saturday morning. We were seated immediately and given some time to go over the menu. I decided to start with a frapp, while he stuck to water. In my opinion, the frapp should have been a lot better. For our main dishes, we had egg benedicts. It surely did make up for the frapp! The customer service was very pleasant from start to finish. Our check did not come at the end, so we just paid at the front register. Overall, I would definitely recommend the Coffee Pub, and will be coming back again.The coffee pub has been here forever which is always a good sign. Don't be fooled by its appearance it is definitely a hidden gem of the city. The lobster omelette is delicious with their josefina cheese and their house potatoes never fail me either. The staff is super friendly and personable and makes you feel at home. The steak and potatoes is reasonably priced for a thin cut ribeye and is tasty but it's not a steak from the steak house.The food was a 3 the service gave it an extra star. The waffle was good, the omelette was over cooked. They allow you to swap the breakfast potatoes for fruit at no up charge which is rare.  The waitress was very friendly and took good care of us.Always a good place for breakfast and lunch. .homestyle cooking. .lobster omlete. Lovster bagel..11.99..never hsd to wait. .4th time thereThis place has been a hidden gem in Las Vegas.

I get original cream cheese on the asiago cheese bagel.I always been a fan of Einstein Bagels and this location is the best, period!! I go to this location 3 to 5 times a week before work and they always know my order.Great breakfast, great friendly staff service. Always a pleasure  to meet locals there!Breakfast bagels were awesome. Good variety.Service was slow, they were hiring i guess so i wont put a negative point on this.This is a lovely B&B within a short walk of the main thoroughfares of Edinburgh - David & Katy were really nice friendly & welcoming hosts.The room was modern, clean & well kept - beds comfortable with good linen. We'll surely be back for future stays.I tried this salon since it is close to my new house. I was set up with Mickey and was leary about having a guy cut my hair, but figured it was so grown out I had nothing to lose. Mickey did exactly what I wanted! My hair looked fabulous when I left! It was a small salon with what looked like 1 manicurist and 3 hairstylists at the time I was there (Tues around 4pm). I am super glad he didn't push a bunch of products on me when I left too. Hate that about the trendier places. The only gripe I have is that he had another guy wash my hair. The guy used rubber gloves and it was far from relaxing. I'm used to the shampoo portion being a little mini head massage and this was more like he was he was scrubbing a dirty counter... Jerky, scrubbby and almost hurt. This guy is why I had to -1 a star. I am glad that Mickey turned things around. He really took his time with my cut. I told him I liked lots of layers and big huge fluffy hair. He spent quite a bit of time making sure everything was even, did a blow out, added a few awesome smelling products and then thinned out some of the upper layers to give me more lift. He also offers a free trim your bangs between your haircuts which is nice. I do plan on going back again and maybe even for other services such as a pedicure.Even though I was unable to acquire a car within my budget, I want to give Troy a ton of credit for being honest with me, unlike many car salesmen, who are just out for the commission.I will keep an eye on cars from this company in the future.Très bon, belles portions. Il faut par contre apporter son vin et réserver car l'endroit est petit. Parfait pour un repas cosy et chaleureux.  Le dépaysement est garanti.Just want to send a shout out for NVP Autowerks. We recently had to take our Ford 250 Diesel in for repair.  It had a hard start when the truck was cold.  Riley (the mechanic) diagnosed the issue first thing in the morning, and to our surprise, it wasn't even the problem we expected.  It turned out to be the Fuel Control Module.  That said, we were offered 3 different options for repair (solder old part, replace with Ford Part, replace with BETTER after market part).  We chose to replace the part, and Riley had it ordered and installed within 1.5 days.  It's run like a charm ever since. We were particularly surprised when Riley did a follow-up call just to ensure everything was running fine.  Excellent customer service!! Our Ford is really starting to get broken in, and hence, we have more repairs ahead of us.  We will definitely be going back to NVP!These guys are great!  Take good care of my 2002 Ford Exploder and don't treat me like a girl :-)  Go see themI am very impressed with the service at Cadence Running.  Not only are the owners very helpful, their shoe selection is very good.  I will go back for my next pair of shoes.Love this store. I heard about them thru my triathlon club I belong to. They are one of the sponsors.They offer expert help with all your running and walking needs. They've put me into several great pairs of shoes. I especially love the trail runners they put me into. They also did a full price trade-in with a pair of running shoes that didn't work for me with no questions or any hassles.They host many running events and organize weekly running group workouts.If you're looking for running or walking shoes, I highly recommend them. Much more helpful than the larger 'box' store.I've been taking my little one here for gymnastics. The teacher is great. She's brand new to the area but she does a lot with these tots in the 30 minutes. The best part about this place is the price. You cannot beat the price. When you have kids that are 2-3 and you want them to try something out this is the best place. They start off with the basics but they also have fun at the same time.  Overall, if you can find a great teacher like we did here then it is well worth it. 30 minutes is plenty of time for a tot! The cost is great and it may just be well worth the time.Atmosphere, service and food was good. We had a table next to the window so view of the water was great. We both had the filet mignon which was very tender and mashed potatoes had wonderful flavor. Husband had the lobster bisque soup which he loved and said there were several large chunks of lobster. Salad bar was also very fresh.Beautiful setting. Highly recommend crab stuffed prawns and Filet Mignon. Salad bar is the best I've ever had ~ with a Caesar chef and caviar. Friendly clientele includes a lot of loyal locals. Note: It lost a star for the distracted greeting upon arrival and terse server.Easter Sunday with friends.. Perfect table outside on the patio. We started with a few drinks and appetizers. The shrimp and crab Stack appetizer  was recommended by our server Michael. It was an excellent recommendation.  He was a terrific server!  We also had the hummus trio which was also delightful. We all voted for the Chilean Seabass special at $35 ea... two were spicy two were not...they  had shrimp and crabmeat on top!! Delicious !!  The gentleman ordered mud pie for dessert as well as a bowl of berries with pineapple. Everyone left full and happy!! It was a wonderful afternoon with great friends,  food and service. Looking to back again soon !This restaurant on a beautiful lake is a really relaxing experience. The happy hour is worth checking out, the food is really fresh. I especially like the prime rib sliders with creamy horseradish. The spinach dip with toasted baguette slices for dipping is yummy. They have a happy hour menu with something for everyone. There's a bit of an 80's country club vibe but I dig it!The food is delicious.   I don't know what Philippine food is supposed to taste like, but everything I tried tasted great.  This place is not serving the same tired food you see again and again in all those pan-Asian buffets you may have tried.  The shrimp in one of the dishes was delightfully lemony.  I'll be sure to stop by again next time I'm in Madison.     The restaurant is modestly appointed.For the Saturday lunch buffet, there was a pleasant energy when we walked in, top 40 music playing and families enjoying a meal on a sunny day. For the meats, you have whole roasted pig, aka lechon. Shrimp two ways, breaded and fried or with steamed veggies. Two kinds of whole fried fish. Any place that serves fried fish with the heads still on deserves your respect. Side dishes include stews that you would eat alone or atop rice, with ingredients like coconut milk, okra, red peppers, chicken; tomato paste, chicken, pork, green peas, and raisins. All were delicious. I always look forward to dessert and there are desserts galore, including puto (steamed sponge cake), kutsinta (sticky cake), tupig (sticky rice with coconut cream, wrapped in banana leaves), ube (purple potato) flavored icecream, chocolate covered pretzels, and...jello! It's not a buffet unless there's jello. Do not expect the menu to coddle you. The food is made with love, and there will be shrimp, pigs, and fish with their heads still on. There will be lots of meats and starches, so prepare to leave stuffed!The proper English translation of Mabuhay is "Welcome" but at the restaurant, it also could mean "Give your best guess to what you are eating"This small restaurant tucked away in a strip mall is simple in it's setup.  A long steamer table filled with an assortment of rice dishes, soups, and entrees.  Another table houses desserts of various forms...ice creams, mangoes, sticky rice, and a Filipino favorite-cheesecake (Alright, I don't know that for sure but who doesn't like cheesecake!?).  Beverages are self-serve out of the cooler in the back of the room.My friend and I came for dinner on a cold blustery Thursday night.  This was our first foray into Filipino food and overall, I was satisfied.  Nothing truly stood out and without any reference to what the dish was or what was in it, we were left guessing at  what we were eating.  I appreciate the fact that everything is homemade and cooked by the owner and therefore I gave it an extra star in my rating. I worry that if it doesn't tackle the basics, the restaurant will only be a novelty for those people looking to try a new food but not willing to come back as repeat customers.Delicious food with some very unique flavors.  I particularly liked the salmon (surprising how good this was on a buffet line), a stew/cacciatore-like item, fried-rice, and an eggplant dish.  Everything seemed to go well together although there was one very bitter vegetable that I could not finish.  I found out later that a very popular item was not on the buffet the day I went, so I'll be sure to call ahead next time.  Also, there were no appetizers out when I went and I was anxious to try the BBQ pork skewers.A nice variety of dessert choices on the buffet too, all that we sampled were very good.A couple things others have mentioned that I echo, it would be nice if there was some information about what the buffet items were named and a general description and nothing to offer atmosphere-wise (though everything was clean!)Looking forward to my next visit.Pros:-cheap (lunch $8, dinner $9, drinks additional)

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=l4mZAt7mXpslp4LqexFy5gThe Better Half enjoyed her Pizza too.  Since I'm on my no Meat diet, I took her word for it....as much as I was tempted to give it a try, I resisted....maybe next time.To wash it down, she had 2 glasses of Brazin Zinfandel $8 ea, I had 2 O'douls $4 ea.  All in, the dinner was $72 before tip.Overall, it was a nice dinner.  I finished my food, she took home 1/2 of her Pizza.Return Factor - 100%Let me start by disclosing that  I am NOT a fan of pizza. When I came here for a family function in their private room I was secretly hoping they would have salad. I was not disappointed. Everything on the buffet was good, from the salads to the pesto penne and penne vodka. When I went back for more penne vodka, all of the food had been devoured so we ordered a few pizzas. The pizza was good, although it wasn't the best pizza I've had. I prefer a thinner crust and more salt. I did like that it was not too heavy on tomato sauce and it was not greasy.Now, the desserts were awesome. The tiramisu was delicious and the cannoli were so good I had three of them.The place was pretty lively and if I lived in Phoenix I would definitely come here again.Went here for my birthday with about 12 people and we enjoyed out first experience at Grimaldi's. We had about 4-5 large pizzas and had a lil leftover to take home but boy was that the best pizza I have ever had!! A lil bit hard to find but this is my new favorite pizza place! :)The pizzas we ordered were amazing...one white pizza and one traditional with basil and tomatoes. Both were perfectly cooked and brought to us by a very friendly wait staff. I will definitely come here again.So, I visited the original Grimaldi's under the Brooklyn Bridge 3 years ago.  Low and behold, I go to Phoenix on business and they have several locations. Nice clean restaurant with friendly servers.  The pizza with the thin crust is just out of this world.  Made with olive oil and coal oven baked.  The curst is thin but sturdy and crunchy.  So, nice to the taste. You have the basic cheese pizza, and then can can any ingredients for extra charge.  I had a personal pizza with sausage, mushrooms and olives.  Okay, the sausage was wonderful, the mushrooms freshly cut and the olives freshly cut.  No canned anything.  Outstanding!Had a small salad and large soda which was refilled 3 times. Just fabulous thin crust pizza. Highly recommended!pricy but the cheese pies are delicious!Fun social atmosphere.  Excellent selection of foods.  Great friendly service.  A memorable experience.I ate lunch here with friends after our SF Giants Spring Training Game rained out.  Found shelter here, enjoyed a nice Irish Coffee and split a pizza with some friends.Good times.Wow, the pizza here was great. And I've been to Mozza. I'm not comparing it to Mozza, I'm just saying, the pizza was yummy.This is a family place and very loud, but the food is good and everyone is happy. There is a good selection of wine and beers and a full bar. We started with the mediterranean salad which was fresh and flavorful, unlike a lot of pizzeria salads which are an afterthought at best.We had four different pizzas, two white sauce and two red sauce. I had extra red sauce, pepperoni, and artichoke hearts. One of the best pizzas I've had. Soft in the middle and crispy at the edges, but not so crispy that it was hard to eat and made a mess. Not at all greasy. All the toppings were fresh and the sauce was tangy and not too sweet. The two white pizzas were also good, but I definitely prefer red.There is a large array of toppings and I wanted to try them all. You can also do half/half of different sauces which is a great way to try different things. My mouth is watering thinking about it. I really wish there was a Grimaldi's in LA!Hint: We went across the street for ice cream afterward to a kitschy sundae place and it was great!So here's the deal. I live six minutes from Grimaldi's by car, I needed a pizza fix on a lazy Tuesday evening about 8:45. As I walked in, the place was jumpin' with a nice crowd of families, couples and singles. I saddled up to the bar, met Karissa and promptly ordered a 12" sausage, pepparoni and jalapena thin crust, coal fired pizza. SENSATIONAL is an understatement. I met the folks, got talkin' World Series baseball, business and life with the troops. After a bit I settled up my $21 tab and hit the road. Will I be back ?...there is no doubt...Grimaldi's in Old Town Scottsdale is a winner !!We happened upon this place while we were in from out of town and didn't know any better. Man, did we luck out.  Grimaldi's reminds us that all chains are not inherently evil.Hostess and bartender were both super nice, professional, and attentive.  We sat at the bar while we waited for our order, which we took to go.  Wine list was respectable, and they have a decent draft beer selection (a couple of standards, a couple of seasonals, a couple of locals...).Pizza was outstanding - they have not forgotten their NY roots.  Delicious crust generously topped with pepperoni, onions, and shrooms.  In a word, fuhgedaboutit!"Small" Mediterranean salad was really ample, though they could have been a tad more generous with the ingredients that make it Mediterranean.  Tasty dressing, obviously homemade.  All for a fair price.  We were pleasantly impressed and would go back if we ever find ourselves in Scottsdale again (which we kind of hope we do not).I am a fan. L does not love it as much. I think I bring the pizza home to warm for her tastes.I was shocked on how good the pizza was.  I admit that I prejudged the restaurant and thought it was a typical chain restaurant. However, that changed once I took my first bite of my white garlic pizza. Excellent pizza!  Grimaldi's allows you to choose what type of pizza - white, red - and then add your own toppings.  There are no pre-decided pizzas with chosen toppings, I believe.I always and looking for a good place to have pizza.  After a movie at camelview, we stopped into Grimaldi's based on a friends recommendation.  We had a large pizza with pepperoni.  I have to say, it was the most delicious tasting pizza I have had in a long time.  The crust is absolutely perfect.  It is thin crust, and maybe the best I have had.  The crust has a savory tast - I believe it is basted with butter and garlic, but the flavor is mouth watering.  The sauce is tomato based, and flavorful - not spicy, but has a great taste.  The cheese was also perfect - mozzerella along with the fresh pepperoni is a simple yet great combo.  The server was friendly, and very helpful in explaining the menu.  The prices are a little high - if all you are used to is calling in a pizza from dominos.... but if you want  a high quality, mouth watering pizza, try Grimaldi's.  I will definitely be back.One of our favorite pizzas in the Phoenix-area. Well... definitely my husbands. He LOVES, LOVES, LOVES Grimaldi's. We always get the same pizza. Every.Single.Time. Large pizza -- pepperoni, sausage, and red onion. (That way we can have leftovers the next day - - and I'm not a leftover person.)SO good!This location has more outdoor seating than the one in Chandler. Plus they have another side room/building that is great for private parties.Very tasty pizza!  Even more so when its free!!  Just sign up for the Grimaldi's Newsletter.  Right before your birthday, you'll receive an email for a free large pizza!Pizza! Pizza! Pizza!

Seating is SOMETIMES limited during rush hours

Main course of pappardelle with bolognese and goat cheese Crema and it was wow! The pappardelle was cooked to perfection and the flavor of the sauce was nice and very deep- loved it. Will definitely come back but later so we can order mimosas since they can't serve them before noon.I came here for brunch and loved it. The mimosas are amazing (strong and bottomless!) and the food was fantastic as well. I had the Eggs in Purgatory, which had a fantastic sauce in addition to the brussel sprouts, which were also flavorful, albeit a little too oily. Overall, I loved Vivace and will definitely be back.Food was excellent. Unusual credit card activity on a rarely used credit card after dining here.First off the location has a fantastic view of the Charlotte skyline; recommend a table on the second floor!Food was very good, flavorful, and unique. They have a extensive wine list and specialty drinks that were amazing. The menu had a decent variety and portion size was perfect...highly recommend the Chicken al Mattone!Valet parking & reservations recommended; the staff is very friendly! Probably not a good place for young kids, but they can accommodate large groups.Just dined for restaurant week/ my fiancés birthday on a Saturday night. We were seated on the second level which was nice but seemed a bit less cozy than the first level with a view of the bar and a tv playing college basketball. We started with a bottle of Chardonnay and then both ordered from the restaurant week menu. I'll first say that the service was excellent, our waiter Sam was attentive even when he had a large party seated in the section, and answered all our questions while providing helpful recommendations. I started with the octopus, which was tender and perfectly cooked, served over fingerling potatoes with two sauces. This was a hearty and large appetizer. The pumpkin gnocchi for my entree was delicious, really complex flavors and lots of texture to complete pillowy gnocchi. The tiramisu was good but nothing unique. My fiancé had the caprese salad and veal saltambuca, he wasn't a huge fan of either but good tomatoes can't be expected in January. The veal and sauce was one note with a mostly salty flavor, the ravioli accompanying the dish were a bit thin and lacking in filling. Overall, we enjoyed our meal. Maybe I just ordered better but we are curious to come back and try brunch and the bar bites menu. This is a lovely place for a date night or Special event.Went here on a Tuesday, first time. Place literally looked like it was completely empty, not a great sign. Wife and I looked at each other like, "we should probably go", glad we didn't. I had the scallops over risotto and being a risotto snob, I must say they did a great job with this dish. Why the place was so dead, I haven't a clue because service was spot on, and all dishes were very tasty. I have told others about our experience and I'm hoping this review ushers more consumers in because it's hard to find a restaurant that can prepare a good risotto.I love this place! Where else can you get crawfish pasta. With actual crawfish inside! Love love love! When your in the city and need a quick bite definitely check this place out. It has great atmosphere and great service! The idea behind it is amazing! No need to deal with waiters at all. You watch them make your food exactly the way you want and you sit down and eat it. When your done you pay at the front using these amazing little cards they hand you and it's done. Quick and simple!The food wasn't all that great but the bean dip with the bread was really good, and I'm betting there are some other really good options. The ambience is what makes the 4 stars worth it. It's a beautiful restaurant with a nice view and mod layout.Good food. Good service. Reasonable pricing. Cool atmosphere. Easy to get to and park.The Tomato soup is incredible!! I'd skip the cheese blob they put on the top. I've had two different pastas and they were both very good. The salads are always crisp. The service has not always been stellar. I have seated outside each time, So that may have something to do with it. The manager was a saving grace to the service. He was very observant.Finally, another brunch option! My boyfriend and I have honestly been underwhelmed with the brunch options in Charlotte. I had company in town the other weekend and decided to give Vivace a try. I am glad we did. They have a lovely patio with a view of the city, which is perfect for brunch. We made reservations, so we were seated right away. I loved that they had the Vivace Way- an appetizer, entree, and unlimited mimosas or bloody marys for $25! It is a great deal, and they allow you to switch back and forth between the bloody mary and the mimosa. I figured they would be small portions due to the price, but we all left stuffed! We all shared a little bit of everything, and we were all impressed with our dishes. Highlights for me were the meatballs, the pork belly hash, and the quiche. Everything was yummy though and I felt as though I got my money's worth. I will say this seems to be a trend for Vivace reviews, but I would've given this place 5 stars if we had had better service. I hope they start to take the reviews seriously and improve upon this. Our service was mediocre, and if it was better this would've enhanced the experience.small plates but i felt it was worth the bill. Wife and i split spagetti and meatballs soup and asparagus. Bill with drinks was 60 bucks. Good surroundings and view staff could of been better. Good meal all in allVery good food and service! They also have valet parking! The only negative is that it was hot outside and I had to wait a little bit for my car. Try the bottomless mimosas!I can't give this place 5 stars yet...but soon...maybe...I hope...I wanted to take some type of boxing classes and this was the only place close to my home.  I'm really not into the boot camp type stuff that seems to be the cornerstone of every thing this place does, but I decided to give it a shot.So last night I dragged my wife down there for our first boxing class.  It was an awesome workout and really kicked my ass.  It was difficult to make it the entire hour because you are going hardcore the entire time.  I'm not 100% sure because there are no clocks in the room, but there couldn't have been more than 30 minutes of actual boxing stuff.  It seemed to be more conditioning work than boxing drills and mechanics.   La Mar is a solid instructor and seems like a nice guy.  He had me motivated the entire time and gave me a killer workout.The class size was a bit too large for my taste (about 15 people) but the large facility easily facilitated everyone.  I also think they need more punching bags for a ratio of 2 people per bag instead of 3 or 4.Anyway, my wife and I are probably going to sign up for a few more classes and see how it goes.The workouts are amazing. Totally ass kicking. The location is what kept me from joining when I lived in Phoenix (it was over 20 miles from my house). I went a few times with my friend, though. I love the trainers - super motivational and they always leave you with great quotes and stories to motivate you which is so important. Fitness has to be a way of life and the Amenzoners that I know are dedicated. If you don't mind driving far, this is a great place to work out and develop a tight group of fitness minded friends.for the bad reviewer, one note...the guy who now owns it, BOB (can't remember his last name but he's been a fixture on the bar scenes for YEARS....used to work at Fat City, Tudo Mondo, most recently Macs) is making changes to make sure its a great bar, which i no doubt believe he will...great interior and the BEST rooftop bar in the city when it warms up.....Such a weird mix of wanna be dive bar (PBR emphasis, fried stuff abounding, "punkrock" Courier on everything) and upscale lounge/sports bar decor (several large TVs, huge Budweiser neon, weird botanical trellis, an entire wall of mirror) that we'll just ignore that and go straight to what matters:Service is good. Informed, smiley, quick, whether you're at the bar, a table, or upstairs. I've never seen them slammed but on most nights, the above description stands.Food is decent-to-good, and they're great, nay, enthusiastic about substitutions, so if you really want an egg and cheese philly, or jalapenos on yer tater tots, or, hmm, goat cheese in your quesadilla, man, go for it. Onion rings are perfect. I mean it. So hot that you know they we're in the fryer 30 seconds before appearing in front of your widened eyes.Gulden Draak on tap. Hel-LO. Plus, they've got Stoney's in the can, for cheaper than a pibrr, and it's a better beer.Hmm, yup, I could come here more often.Closed? WTF.A worthy effort. I had the nachos, which I only ordered because they are made with movie theater cheese. Which is how the gods eat their nachos. They open up a can of iridescent, not-real, fake cheese, the kind that alternatively could be pumped out of a spigot. Proper. Anyway, this particular fake cheese varietal is green chile fake cheese, which has a hint of some flavor that displeases me mildly. But Rachel, the waitress, is very cute. A fact of which I approve. They have Big Buck Safari so Dallas G can release his murderous rage on hapless computerized animals before returning to his i-won't-harm-you-if-you-dont-harm-me life. And the nachos are covered with chicken, black beans, sour cream, guac, salsa... and such. Definitely worth ordering. Great reverse happy hour 10-close and all day sunday. WooootSo best of luck, 18 degrees. Your 2nd day open is a worthy effort.I do have to say, though, one more thing about Rachel. She laughed at my story, and that gets her an A+ in my book.This is our new post-hockey game hangout.  It helps that it is in the rink and that our usual server Rachel is prompt.  It helps that she is cute also.  We came the first time on one of it's first nights and it wasn't very busy.  The manager let us play the virtual sports game.  It has hockey, football, soccer, baseball, and golf.  We played for free, but it is rather pricey to use.  It was fun, but I don't think it would be worth using your dollars on.  The bar is owned by the same people who own Overeasy in Phoenix.I have only had the Black Bean Burger so far, but I tell you what.  It is f-ing good!  It has tomato, lettuce, red onion, and avocado.  I don't normally like avocado, but it's creaminess adds to it.  It has just a little bit of spice too. It comes with fries that are good enough.The bar itself has cool interior and has lots of TVs around the place.  The booths even have their own televisions.  There is a large monitor at the front with a Wii hooked up.  I strained my shoulder after last weeks game bowling and playing ping pong.   So if you find yourself cheering on the Rubber Mallets, enjoying an ice skating session, or watching someone at a figure skating competition at the Alltel Ice Den, be sure to stop into 18 Degrees for a brew and a bite.Well, let me start off by saying that this is my first yelping experience. So please bear with me. I always read reviews before visiting a restaurant and/or bar. 18 Degrees had some very mixed reviews, so I decided to see for myself...A few of us decided to go to on Monday after work to check it out. I was blown away!!! Our server informed us that it was "buy one burger, get one free" day. Being the burger lovers we are, we all decided to order one. It was one of the best that I have ever had. I might put it a step above Indulge Burgers...and I love Indulge burgers. I did the classic cheeseburger with cheddar. It was a 1/2 pound patty grilled medium and cooked perfectly. The server said that they grind sirloin, chuck, and brisket into their burger for a perfect flavor. Well a perfect flavor it was. I'm not sure what kind of bun it was but it held up great without being too bready. It was served with a smear of mustard and ketcup with classic L,T,O.  All I can say is that I loved that friggen burger. The flavor was just incredible. My buddy had the "Bacon Blue" burger and loved it just as much. We all had a great time. Pitchers of beer were cheap and they had a ton of tv's all over the place. I will certainlly return. I never would have expected to have the experience I had knowing that I was going to a restaurant in an ice skating rink. It was actually a really "cool" atmosphere. Get it -- "Cool".Great service, always greeted with a smile. Ask to sit in Jason's section if you go!Ok, so we were trying to go to overeasy and didnt realize that the hours were different in Scottsdale and Phoenix.  Soooo, we just wanted anyplace to eat and since this was next door, we settled.  BUT, I gotta say, we were surprised.  Both of us were happy with our sandwiches and the sides (I had roasted potatoes, he had green chile mac n cheese) were GREAT!  I was pretty happy that we made the mistake on hours and ended up here.  If I lived in Scottsdale, Im sure I would come here lots to watch hockey and have a good bite.OK, this place is totally cool, regardless!  To be truthful, I only had an appetizer and beer when here, and I ate at the bar, so my service was terrific.  But...I couldn't get over how cool it was to watch the ice from inside the restaurant!!!This is a GREAT place for a casual (albeit, very casual) date.  And, um, for my single sisters, where do you think you will find men?Can't wait to try it again!We found this place via Living Social last year.  Since it's located inside the Ice Den, an ice skating rink, there's no way we'd stumble across this place.  It's a pretty cool place to grab a bite to eat, drink, and watch sports.  There's plenty of TV's and the booths have small, private TV's that you can control the channel selection....perfect for watching a game!Every time we come here, I get the Appetizer Platter (Onion Rings, Chicken Fingers, Potato Skins, Quesadillas), $12.50.

~Specialty coffee drinks **

Spanish Clavel. Again presentation was key here taste was not so much. The white petal made from yogurt didn't add anything to taste the centre flower has nice finish though.Beet Jewelry. Looked luvly and the finish was intense. How I would describe the bit of potato chips that are left after you have finished a bag and you get a surprise after while. Not bad  (not the intent I guess but awesome) Caramelized Pork Rinds. I had a substitute course here. My friend did like it though and commented melt in your mouth feel.Apple "Brazo de Gitano". Beautiful presentation. Nice gooey centre. The shell which was fluffy like a meringue had granny apple essence I think and centre was kind like a cheese.Jose Taco. I had a substitute course and it was caviar in an asparagus shell.Artichoke with Caviar and Quails Egg. I liked this dish and I am not big on caviar. Nicely Balanced. Membrillo with La Serena Cone.   Interesting combo didn't care much for it.

-try the TRUFFLE SCALLOPED POTATOES. I was crying tears of joy after the first bite.Went here on a Thursday and got in after 15minutes. Wouldn't dare coming here on a weekend. Some people wait up to 3 hours. I don't think it's worth that long however.I've been here twice now, once for brunch and once for dinner!I enjoyed my brunch/lunch visit much more personally!  Perhaps the BOTTOMLESSCHAMPAGNE/MIMOSAS had something to do with it?  I'd say yes LOL.Most everything seemed the same lunch vs dinner as far as selection is concerned.  I didn't notice anything tasting better/worse more fresh etc...seems very consistent here.Some highlights :The Lamb (dinner) was outstanding...almost perfect actually as far as taste and consistency goes in my book.  Very simply seasoned...it's just tender and not gamey at all.  Fork-pull-apart tender!Andouille Sausage (dinner) also great!  Lots of flavor...yum :)The Ribs here are good!  SUPER meaty, fatty, and yummy....wish they were more tender though....but alas, we are in Buffet world, not slow cooked wonderland.Cajun Shrimp, Ceviche, and Oysters (dinner). Everything was good, even the oysters completely naked!  I'd rack up on Oysters next go around :PThey offer hot and cold snow crab...no other choices of crab.  I choose hot, but I get a bit tired of the super sweet crab...wish they had Dungeness or King, esp at this price point.Truffle Scallop Potatoes (dinner)...just like it sounds, and yes, there is a good amount of truffle oil :)There is some decent stuff in the Chinese/Asian area...the dim sum is just ok, duck was good though, but the Spicy Fish is great!  I'd recommend snaggin a piece or three while you are over there :)Crab Benedict (brunch). This was perfect, with semi sweet crab and a delicious hollandaise sauce. Yummy!Lobster Biscuits and Gravy (brunch). Pretty good as well! I enjoyed the Crab Benedict more though... As far as dessert goes :Lava Cake is perfect!! I should have grabbed two more of em, but I was full by the time I remembered dessert LOLChocolate Mousse dessert...can you really go wrong with anything that has a mini Oreo on it??Great buffet...expensive...but good way to do Vegas :)We stopped in for lunch. No waiting in line on a Tuesday. The price was a bit on the high side for us ($35 each), but we were not disappointed. Lots of interesting food items stuffed everywhere. The buffet zig-zags into another room, so make sure you check out all of it. The dessert section was mind blowing. Lots, maybe too much to choose from.If you're going to pay this much for a buffet, you better arrive absolutely starving.DINNER ONLY REVIEW:

Loved that!!The waitress was very helpful. The coconut shrimp and grilled lobster is delicious. The only complaint is that the lunch ends at 3. I like the smaller positions. Oh and I love the biscuitsAll I see is a bunch of mixed reviews for this specific location.  For me, I think this was one of the better Red Lobster's I've been to and I've been to a lot.  Most of the Red Lobsters I've been to in California always include a long wait.  I have yet to wait more than 10 minutes at a Las Vegas/Henderson Red Lobster.Let's start with service.  Been to this specific location about 4 times.  I remember one time meeting a friend here 30 minutes before they closed.  I showed up in time, but she was running late.  She showed up 10 minutes before closing and the restaurant still managed to serve us with a smile and no attitude.  I know, that's their job, but a lot of restaurants show that they are not happy when you arrive minutes before they close.  They kept the kitchen open for us even after closing.  What I will never forget is that they continued to check on us and basically asked permission if they can shut certain parts of the kitchen down.  Now, that's good service. -Food:  If you have not been to Red Lobster before, they offer basically what any other seafood restaurant offers.  They specialize in price because it's much cheaper to eat seafood here than any other seafood restaurant (no don't Long John Silvers).  -Bottomless Shrimp:  I don't know if this is daily or all the time.  But I have had it in the past.  Their fried shrimp has more batter than shrimp, but still pretty good. -Seaside Shrimp Trio:  Is a favorite when in the mood for shrimp.  It's shrimp pasta, fried shrimp, and garlic shrimp-Tilapia and Cod  I put these all together, but their cod is really good.  Big thick pieces of flaky fish.  Tilapia is prepared pretty good to.  Both are not fishy.  -Steaks:  Mixed reviews here.  Had steaks here come too dry.  Had some come too juicy. Then had some just right.  Not as good as a Ruth Chris' but definitely better than a Chili's or Denny's. -Lobster:  My opinion, one of my favorites.  Portions small thought. -Stuffed Sole:  Tried once and only recently.  Did not fill me up, but still good.  Order an appetizer!!-Glazed Chicken:  I know it's a seafood restaurant, but have stopped by for lunch just for their chicken breast.  About 7 total oz and usually have the sauce put on the side.-Calamari and Fried Vegetables:  An oxymoron, but you'll find it all gone before your soup arrives.  Usually gone from me and yes, the only way I will eat vegetables. -Red Lobster Biscuits:  Don't remember the actual name, but this is a must on every visit.  So good and perfect to dip into you chowder. Overall....I think you get more than what you pay for at this restaurant.  Regarding service,  I've always had good service.  One of the reviewers mentioned poor service because they were seated after someone that came in later. I have to admit, they once or twice, have done that for me. I'm not a regular or a baller, but sometimes it can be due to how big your party is and how you talk to them. Ha ha..flirting can go a long ways sometimes.First the restaurant was nice and clean and there was a very long wait.  They pretty much gave us enough time to look at the lobster tank.It's a bit weird to review a seafood dining place considering how super picky of an eater I am and how much I loathe the taste of fish food, but I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised at the new menu.First look I couldn't believe that they had boneless buffalo wings.  You better believe I ordered those right away!  With a side of mozzarella sticks and ranch.The server that served us was actually the manager.  She was super nice and answered any questions the other family members at my table had asked.  Drinks and the delicious bread rolls were brought In a timely manner which is always a plus.We received our food without incident and we all devoured the food like thanksgiving wasn't the day before.  Thanks to the servers and Riannon the manager for making an experience I was dreading for actually making it a very tasty meal.So living here in las vegas i have pretty much been to all of the red lobster's in town and i would have to say that this location in Henderson has to be the best one! From the service to the food all across the board! They have the nicest waitress i forget her name she is a cute little asian lady and i seriously come here just because of her! Stays on top of everything! And check's in all the time to make sure that the food and service is good as well. Just visited here recently right before the lobster fest was over and had another great visit! Keep up the good work you guys!Not any bad thing I can say about Red Lobter  because its my grandmas favorite place to go so once or twice a year Red Lobster here we come.Lobster Pot Pie Was Good But Cheddar Bay Biscuits Always Rule...We came here on a Monday afternoon to order off their lunch special. We got1. Grilled chicken sandwich

When the noodles were gone, I stopped slurping.

Both the noodles and the soup I had were light and fresh, and the flavors were well-balanced.  The noodles also had shredded cucumbers on them, a soy dressing/sauce and peanuts on top.  I tried turning up the heat a bit with pepper oil, but right now I'm so pepper-resistant that I could probably drink sriracha sauce straight from the bottle and not even blink.  The noodles were excellent even though they weren't spicy.  The soup had a light chicken broth, not too greasy, not too spartan, tofu, eggs, spinach, and some fresh, tart tomatoes.

Will return to try something else on the menu.This target is always kept super clean, the staff is friendly, and I actually prefer to do some of my grocery shopping here. Only thing is at times the shelves aren't as stocked since I tend to like doing my shopping at night. One of my favorite things about targetis the healthier options for groceries. Plus, if you are lucky, you can find coupons on some of the meats and seafood to make a cheap dinner for the night.Still a good place to find deals but a few things have changed.

Decor: It drew us into the restuarant. Think unpretentious modern chic - and no, i dont know what that means.Price: Totally reasonable. They had 2 for 1 drink specials and entrees were $10 - $20 (closer to $10 than $20). I would absolutely go back here the next time I am in Montreal.En fin de semaine mon chum m'a demandé si je voulais aller manger des gaufres de la fromagerie de notre quartier. Je lui ai dit que non, j'avais le goût d'un déjeuner un peu plus soutenant que ça. On s'est donc retrouvé à Universel où j'ai commandé...une gaufre!Mon chum quant à lui a demandé le gros déjeuner qui inclut un peu de tout. J'ai goûté à ses patates, les fèves au lard et le pain doré. Tout était très bon, surtout le sirop d'érable qui vient en grosse bouteille sur la table, sans avoir à payer d'extra. Le sirop allait aussi à merveille avec ma gaufre garnie de bananes et fraises.L'ambiance était festive avec un bon mix des tops musique années 80 et début 90 qui nous a mis de bonne humeur, même avec la « gaffe de fille » que j'avais fait ce matin là. Le service était bien et chaleureux, mais il a fallu qu'on demande pour notre réchaud de café parce qu'on ne venait pas nous voir souvent.Somme toute, une bonne expérience, un endroit à revisiter, possiblement avec un grand groupe.Looking for a nearby brunch destination to chase our hunger and hangovers away, we popped into Universel on a Sunday morning at the recommendation of the hotel receptionist.  And we were not disappointed.Our lovely, red-haired waitress was very attentive and patient with our rather rusty French.  I had the eggs benedict with bacon, homefries, and a very generous fruit salad.  He had a combination plate which featured scrambled eggs, homefries, deux crepes avec sucre et beurre, creton (pate) with toast, and sausages.  I traded a benedict for a crepe, which I enhanced with a nice pour of real maple syrup (I know it's Canada, but I was quite surprised and pleased that they offered us a huge bottle of it with our meal). The one minor let-down was my chocolat chaud. It seemed to consist of warm milk and Hersey's syrup.  It didn't appear to be on the menu though, so I assume they improvised for me, and I can't really complain about that!Everything was delicious, service was excellent, prices were reasonable, the decor was chic, and we left feeling revived for our long journey home.Nice brunch spot, just a cool, clean diner with a bit of a brasserie vibe: warm and cozy, fresh and sexy, next to Carré St Louis. A perfect starting point for a walk and shop on St Denis, or a browse and carouse on Prince Arthur. The waffles are fat fluffy homemade, the mounds of fruit are immaculately fresh and generous. All the plates we tried came with large portions of potatoes and fruit on the side. The service has been lovable, friendly and fast. On a could-be-better note: the mimosa was a little watery today, and the apple, bacon, cheddar crêpe had us pretty excited but flavour-wise fell a little flat - maybe if the apples were more caramelized, the cheddar a little sharper, the bacon more abundant, the crêpe a little lighter?But these amount to small tweaks, overall Universel is a sweet solid option. You can't help but love to be tucked into a big, back booth all loaded up with breakfast food.Mon resto habituel pour le dîner : les menus midi sont très bon marché et toujours savoureux : comprennent la soupe ou le jus de légume, le repas principal, café et dessert du jour pour environ 15$. Le service est très bien et le proprio est toujours près pour s'assurer du bon service et du bien-être des clients.Meilleur plat : les bénédictines. (servi jusqu'a 16h pour les lève-tard)OMG! You HAVE to try the Calamari! It is the best Calamari I have ever tried! The wait staff is nice and the atmosphere is laid back and peaceful. I ordered the French Onion Soup only and it was delish!Definitely a nice place to stop and have lunch or a snack after shopping!We walked past Cafe Universal on our way from the metro to our hotel on Sherbrook and noticed it was always full.  We stopped by for breakfast and were in heaven with the many choices of poached eggs and crepes, fresh squeezed juices, and much more.  I loved the eggs benedict with goat cheese and mushrooms. I was the best I'd ever had.  there was barely room to squeeze in the over-sized crepe with chocolate, bananas, and fresh strawberries but we managed.The meal was beautifully prepared (fresh fruit and delicious roasted potatoes on the side), great service, and useful location.We'll be back next time we're in Montreal.For breakfast in Montreal, Universel wins. These people take pride in their work and it shows. With most breakfast dishes comes fresh cut fruit on a skewer. Someone spends their morning carving the fruit with a smile. Extrapolate that attention to detail to the rest of your dining experience, and you've got Universel.If St. Laurent has the disease, Universel's got the cure. The portions are heaping but lack the grease common to many hangover-curing breakfast joints. We usually get some combination of eggs benedict or omelets. The gf and I are particularly fond of the universel, an omelet with every breakfast meat under the sun, and the billy goat, eggs benedict with smoked salmon, goat cheese, greens, etc. The already large portions are accompanied by the aforementioned fruit skewer and a heaping pile of quartered potatoes. Also check out their milk shakes and smoothies, though they are meals unto themselves.Other than oxymoron of a British Burger with Swiss Cheese, the menu does provide a nice set of options, including mussels and fries.  The fries are a little limp. The service is good. Portion sizes are good as well.Every time I go to Montreal I feel like I gain so much weight, most of it comes from my splurging at this Café. It's a mod little café that tourists like myself would easily pass by and go to something more recognizable. Fortunately, I was dragged here on my first trip to Montreal by my chef friend and I fell in love. It's been consistently delicious, and has yet to let me not want to gorge myself until my stomach explodes. My advice is to go for breakfast but be prepared to wait a little. Their breakfast food is fantastic and comes in massive portions. Every dish is served with roasted potatoes and a beautifully decorated fruit cup. This past time I went, I ordered the Universel Benedict which is essentially a normal eggs benedict on meat steroids. It had bacon and sausage, served on a bagel with sautéed mushrooms, and the usual poached egg in hollandaise. I don't even need to tell you it was good. The egg was poached perfectly with the warm runny yolk. I'm drooling thinking about it. I also managed to order a strawberry, banana, and chocolate crepe. When it came out it looked like it should've had a choir singing with it. Universel didn't skimp on the ingredients, this crepe was packed full and smothered in Nutella and chocolate. Despite having finished my benedict I managed to eat half of this crepe. Yes, I am a fatty. The few times I've gone, I've only gone for breakfast but this past time I caught a glimpse of their burger and impulsively wanted to dive head first into it. They look good, I'll give them that much. All in all, a spectacular place. I tend to go here and eat until I want to puke and then try to fit some more in. The prices aren't obscene but it's not cheap either. I mean, you get what you pay for. If you go on a busy day like Saturday or Sunday for brunch do be prepared to wait. They are incredibly popular with the locals, and popular with the culinary students of ITHQ located in front of the café (that must be a good sign).Great price/quality ratio. Portions are good. A little slow maybe due to freshness. Recommend it 100%.Service was great. They have great brunch here.  My girlfriend and I both got eggs Benny and they were very good along with the hashbrowns and salad.Une place où l'on se retrouve de temps à autres avec des amis. On est toujours bien reçu et bien servi malgré un peu d'attente selon les jours.Notre gros péché mignon est la grosse assiette de nachos au fromage qu'on se partage à 3 ou 4. Elle est totalement décadente. On la prend à chaque fois.Les club sandwiches sont bons. Mais dernièrement j'ai voulu essayer les pâtes.J'ai donc pris les Fettuccini aux fruits de mer, résultat : 2 grosses crevettes, 4 belles moules et des palourdes et pétoncles en abondance. Avec une sauce tomate vin blanc qui était pas mal bonne. Et le tout accompagné d'une grande tartine grillé à l'ail. Donc dans l'ensemble je me suis régalé. Et ça pour moins de 20$.Que demande le peuple ? Moi j'étais vraiment satisfait, juste 4 étoiles à cause de l'attente les deux dernières fois, sinon c'est vraiment une bonne place.We came here for brunch and had the universal specials - pretty much everything on a plate. We went on a Sunday at peak time so we knew we'd had to wait in line. The place was really busy but the service will still quite good nonetheless. The food was fantastic! Good value really considering the quality and the quantity!Pour notre brunch hebdomadaire de fin de semaine nous avons décidé de venir ici. Bref nous avons un peu attendu avant d'avoir une table. nous avons pris le breakfast universel avec gaufre aux bananes et nutella. Pour 15dollars cetai vraiment copieux. Il y avait une grosse portion de pomme de terre.le bacon était croustillant. Et la gaufre était bonne. Le service était rapide et la serveuse agréable. Peut-être que la portion de viande était un peu petite. Sinon tout était très bonÇa faisait un bout que je voulais essayer Universel, tant que j'en entendais parler. Et avec raison! Belle place qui spécialise dans le brunch et sait bien faire les patates. (quand même important, non?) De mon côté, j'ai essayé la crêpe aux pommes, bacon et cheddar. Assez intense, et pas mal goûteux. En plus d'être bien cuite avec les ingrédients bien balancés, elle était accompagnée de leurs patates signatures. Miam! En plus d'un menu fiable, leur staff est très bien choisi. Les serveurs sont attentionnés, amicables, et vont au-delà de ce qui est attendu dans le cadre de la restaurantion. Ils sont rapides à se faire ami et cherchent le sourire de leurs clients. J'aime bien.This contemporary diner near the Latin Quarter has all the look and feel of a vintage diner, but the food is anything but. The portions are huge, the prices are way reasonable, and the quality of the food is outstanding. I chose a simple bacon and egg breakfast, and my friend chose the French Toast. Everything we ate was way beyond our expectation, and we couldn't have been happier with our choice.One area for improvement: the coffee. It kills me when an otherwise great restaurant serves average coffee. Charge another dollar for the coffee and make it great.Great experience and excellent food.My friend and I loved this place so much that we went there twice for brunch on a weekend getaway to Montreal. Man the place gets packed but service was always friendly and prompt. The food options are reasonable priced, plentiful and varied (I had a crepe and eggs benedict) but everything I tasted were delicious (shot out to the amazing homefries). Also... the delicious brunch cocktails..... yes. yes. yes.First off kudos for accepting a 9 person reservation on a Sunday!Next, I will say the service here is very good. Waiters often come by to refill your coffee and water, which is definitely a plus! The food is very good as well. I had the bacon eggs Benedict, with perfectly cooked eggs. The side potatoes were good and for once, and this is rare, the side of fruit was actually delicious! Forget that unripe pineapple and derelict cantaloupe.. This is the real deal! Kiwi, honeydew, banana, cantaloupe, two kinds of apple, yum! My only gripe is that the eggs could have been ever so slightly warmer, and having made hollandaise myself I would have added a bit more lemon. That being said the food, atmosphere and service were very good and this place is definitely an interesting competition to the Cafe Cherrier across the street.Excellente nourriture, belle présentation, staff sincèrement sympathique, bon décor. Le pichet de mimosa est une aubaine pour une bonne tablée.Cependant, l'endroit est très bruyant (pas idéal pour les conversations et la gueule de bois...). Le café n'est pas inclus avec tous les déjeuners. Aussi le service était lent au début, quoiqu'il se soit rattrapé.This place was a block away from our hotel and had decent reviews so we decided to give it a try. Stopped in around 9:30 AM and the place was already starting to fill up. We sat outside and ordered the Benedict Universal and an egg sandwich with ham and cheese. The portions were HUGE so come hungry. Mains were accompanied by crispy chuncks of potatoes and lots of fresh fruit. Service was good, waitress nice. My only complaint is that the dishes were not served hot and the cheese on both of our dishes were not melted at all.Ce brunch dont vous avez tant besoin après une soirée fatiguante, il existe !! Les plats sont généreux, pour des prix raisonables.

Overall they had a lot of good stuff and their bar was great. free drinks as long as you are dining.

Also had the pork belly app which was fantastic. Added bone marrow to my steak which was a little salty but deliciously and rich. We shared Mac n Cheese and creamed spinach, both were very tasty as well.

Appetizers:Their Sea Scallops Gratinées is a completely flawless dish-- tender scallops served in a sort of seashell presentation, topped with a carmelized onion marmalade, mussel cream, and carmelized fennel(?). While this normally would not appeal to me in the slightest, this is probably the dish I look forward to most when coming to Mon Ami Gabi! These are downright delicious and should definitely not be passed up. I believe there are 3 in an order.French Onion Soup: My favorite of all time. Nowhere else have I dined at has surpassed MAG's french onion. I can't even describe it anymore without my mouth watering...a ton of sweet onions throughout is what I love most about this. I can't explain anymore without saying to just get this!!Main dish:

I think some much needed building repairs would make a huge improvement.Told Friends:  We're coming your way, pick a dinner spot.  And they chose Sarafino's in Crafton.So glad they did!It's a nice corner restaurant that used to be a pharmacy (so I'm told).  Not a spacious dining area, but good for 6 or less at a table.The smell from the kitchen is strong...  garlicky and wonderful.The bread was fresh, crusty and disappeared fast.  I had the wedding soup which was pretty different, as I believe it had basil as the greens and no chicken.  Delicious and unique.Two of us ordered the special which was an alfredo and roasted brussel sprout pasta dish.  Mind you, I was excited to see an Italian steak salad that DID NOT include the typlical 'Burgh French fries - but the brussel sprout pasta changed my mind and it was so good.  So WAY good.Hubs, being the traditionalist that he is, ordered the red Bolognese with a meatball and a sausage - he was pretty happy, also.  Friend #2 ordered the house crab cakes, which she knew from previous visits were fabulous and they were pretty lovely, gotta say.We split the almond dessert - yummy and we should've got it TO GO as we were TOO FULL!The place is noisy and it doesn't take much for it to be crowded, but dang...  the menu has some items that definitely need to be explored further!  Be hungry when you get there--This is our second time here and it is really good. Great pasta dishes. Small menu and small dining area, but pasta sauces have BIG flavor. A very relaxed, small town Italian place with the atmosphere of a New York City hole in the wall,...and that is meant in a good way.My grandma and I went for dinner here recently and the food was delicious. I ordered the crab cakes; they were delightful. The dessert - moscato berry cake, was divine! The waitress couldn't describe it but I took a leap of faith and ordered it anyway. So glad I did. Huge chunks of berries baked into a vanilla cake with layers of wine flavored cream in between. I moaned with joy the entire time I ate it. The service was iffy, our waitress seemed stressed as soon as she had more than two tables. She rubbed me the wrong way when she refused to let me pack up my own leftovers. She didn't seem to have enough knowledge of the menu items. We will definitely be back though!A go to restaurant in Crafton?  Yes!  You have to know where it is and how to get there, but once you do, it is definitely worth it!!  You know something is going to be good when you walk in and you are only about 5 feet from the kitchen where the chef is pounding and pounding away on fresh veal!!My wife and I love good Italian food and after Francos in Dormont closed, we were depressed.  But alas, we found a replacement...Its a small place, but so are most of the great Italian restaurants on Mulberry St in New York City, so get over it.  The food is great, except the soup, I ordered the Pasta Fagioli, it was loaded with beans and pasta, but the broth was watery and bland, not my first choice, (that is the only reason I gave 4 stars vs 5).  BUUUUT, everything else was absolutely excellent!!  The Bruschetta was excellent which included an Italian salad in the center, Pasta with red clam sauce, Fettuccine with Oglio and grilled chicken, Veal Parmesan over linguine, and fresh bread hot out of a very, very old pizza oven with a classic oil dipping sauce...For the quality of food and large portions, the pricing is reasonable...If they had tables outside on the sidewalk, it would be just like Little Italy in New York!!Great, little hole in the wall.Yes, it is so small. The waitresses are a little stressed, one forgot to bring out my food while everyone at my table ate.  That's the only reason I gave it four stars.  It could have been a five.Food was fantastic.  Great alfredo and red sauces.  The crab cakes were suggested over and over but we found them to be dry. The HUGE Portobello mushroom that came with the crab cakes was pretty spectacular. We all basically licked the herb oil plate clean that came with our bread. I think we got three of those.

-Zumba Class at 10:00am with Barb:  Barb is such a joy.  She's super sweet and has a lot of energy.  She makes this class fun!Monday:

spring rolls

- Very friendly service

Of the service was good. Will definitely go back for another burger.Going from bitch mode to calm and relaxed Sandra! Ealing Touch Reflexology just opened yesterday. The receptionist is so sweet and they give you four different type of sea salt options to put inside your tea water for your feet. Pretty creative! The reflexology are atypical from the other place I have been to. You start off by sitting on the ottoman and you gt a massage on your shoulders, neck, and arms. Instead of a rubbing massage, my masseuse use trigger points with this elbows. Some places it felt good but some area was really painful.... I must have had a lot of knots! Next, they laid the chair and had reflexology on my head. My suggestion to other women is to remo e your makeup before getting a massage because since they work on your face, makeup will rub off and you will look either eyebrow less or look like Bert from Sesame Street!! Afterwards, I had an amazing foot massage and a back rub. I came to this place because I saw their special sign... They are having a one hour massage for only $30!!! Pretty sweet deal! I would recommend this place for people who have serious back and feet aches because thy really gt the knots out. Otherwise, other places I reviewed on are excellent for just relaxing~Yes, it is still $30 for an hour of relaxation. Relaxing because it didn't hurt one bit, although I would have enjoyed it more if I do feel some pain.  Maybe no pain because nothing is wrong with my organs/body???  Let's just go with that idea. I didn't get to chose my own bath salt, but Wei did let me know that a spoonful of the lavender bath salt will be pour into my water basin.The chair was super comfy and spacious.  This place is one of the cleanest, nicest place I have ever been to.Please note that there is a small fee for using the credit card.  I didn't know this until my card was ran and was ready for me to sign.  In the end, the price and location is right.  I will come back for more.  Also, I was given a full bottle of H2O.Really good!  I will be back!I was really skeptical to try a reflexology place but my friend took me to one in Chinatown and I liked so I decided to try something closer to my house. After reading several reviews about this place, I figured I would give this place a shot.   The place was very quiet and dim when I walked in. My therapist was very nice and friendly and helped me feel very relaxed. At first, I got to soak my feet in a hot tub of water but I didn't get to pick my own salts. The therapist first started working on my neck and tried to break the knots in my shoulders and upper back. Then she reclined the chair all the way back and worked on my head , arms, legs and feet. In the middle of my massage, these two women in the room next to me started talking really loud and would not shut up. It was really annoying because I went from being completely relaxed to wanting to go over there and tell them to stop being rude. After they finally left, I felt relaxed again and enjoyed the rest of the massage. My therapist even tried to stretch my back out and pop it back into place.  This was like going to a chiropractor and massage therapist all at once but at a way cheaper price. I left the place feeling so relaxed and refreshed. They even gave me a bottle of water at the end of the session. Make sure to ask for the punch card so that after 10 sessions, you get 1 for free. I think I might be coming here a lot, especially after a long stressful day at work.Awesome ...love the hours and friendly staffIf you haven't visited the little gem,...it's about time you do! For anyone with chronic pain like me, tight muscles, or if you just need to de-stress and in need of some relaxation,..this place is amazing! I've been 3 times now and each visit (although a tad different depending on the massage therapist) was incredible. I used to be a member of Massage Envy,...no more! And you can't beat the price! $30 for 60mins! No appointment needed, I just stop in after work! I highly recommend!C:Awesome! This isn't your typical massage. I went wanting to be "worked over" and get all the kinks out of my neck and back, and this is the first place where I feel like that was accomplished. If you just want the traditional Swedish massage, then this is not for you, but if you want something actually therapeutic, then I definitely recommend. This will be a regular maintenance for me from now on.Love this place! Their prices are awesome, the people that own/work here are so nice, and they have awesome late hours! They even have a punch card so after 10 you get one free.Love this place! Drop in any time and spend 30 bucks for an awesome hour massage! I try to swing by once a week after a long work day!! Go treat yourself!This place was recommended to me so hubby and I checked it out. No appointment needed. Heaven! You have to take this place for what it is and don't go with expectations of spa massage. I got kneaded, poked, thumped, tossed, and more by this little man and I enjoyed every minute of it. No one said a word and we were ushered in to a cubicle, the rest was done for us. Totally in to this place.I love this place!! I always get amazing massage whoever therapist I get. Usually I get 60 mins and they relieve tension of my whole body. Being from Asia, I always missed strong massages because even deep tissue massage at traditional spas was not enough for me, and I finally found my favorite place. They expanded the space a little while ago, so you don't need to make a reservation and there is never a wait. The price is $30 for 60 mins but if you go to similar kind of places in China Town it is usually $20 for 60 mins, so I wish they match the price but this place has better massages and it is only a few minutes away from my house so I can't complain. I recommend this place to everyone, and all of my friends I took here also loved it!Discontinued my ME membership after I visited Healing Touch. Very attentive to the sore spots and getting the kinks out of my neck and back.  Language barrier was not a concern. Heard about this place from family and friends. Full hour as opposed to 50 minutes at half the price and leaving feeling good and reinvigorated -- what a deal!You must be very open-minded when visiting this place. Not much privacy and they truly don't understand a damn word you are saying (at least the 3 times I have been, that was the case). Every single time I have gone and asked for an hour full body massage, they put my feet in water and think I said "Foot reflexology". Makes no sense because I'm sitting there with only a towel...come on people! Why would I disrobe down to my underwear for a foot massage?I digress, they start by massaging your face and head (if you don't want your cheeks, chin, sinuses, forehead, ears and scalp massaged then luckily they do understand "No face and head"). I have had a female massage me twice and a male once (even though I asked for a female but I'm sure they didn't understand me). I 100% prefer a woman, the guy made me uncomfortable when I was on my stomach, I don't need to go into detail...lol.

This place is great.  My boss is from Tucson and kept telling me I have to try Sonoran dogs.  I work in the southwest valley and many people at my accounts tell me about their family members that sell delicious Sonoran dogs from their mobile carts at night.  Well I work during the day, so those wouldn't work for me until one of my accounts told me one of the about the best Sonoran dog cart that also has a store on 83rd and Indian School. I paid them a visit and discovered the most delicious hot dog ever.  A Sonoran dog is a hot dog wrapped in bacon, fried and placed in a bollilo roll and then covered in goodness.  There's ketchup, mustard, beans, tomatoes, onions, and probably more delicious goodness I can't remember.  It sounds overwhelming, but they are sooooo tasty.  $3 for one or they were having a special $5 for two.  I just got one and a bottle of coke and I was full. They restaurant is small and not fancy.  You order at the counter and there are a few tables inside and a few tables outside to eat at.  The woman who took my order was friendly and bilingual.  They take cash and cards.  If you are looking for authentic Sonoran dogs, this would be the place.Awesome sonoran dogs with various unique ingredientsMuy buena la comida, el servicio y sobre todo los precios.  Lo único que sí necesitan mejorar es en la limpieza, estaba muy sucio el comedor.Échenle ganas pasadita...

Overall Impression:  B+/A-Great soup dumpling!!  Try the pork stuffed pocket bread. Also, ask for "A" vegetable, not on the menu, but delicious. One of my favorite spots in the city.On my last visit to Las Vegas, I treated my parents to early dinner at China Mama's, based specifically on the reviews on this site. I am always a sucker for great reviews, and certainly appreciate the candor of peoples reviews.I have to say that after having visited China Mama's, I now have found my 'go to' Chinese restaurant everytime I visit Las Vegas. Having been to some of the best Chinese restaurants in San Francisco and NYC, I wouldn't say I am an expert on Chinese cuisine, but will say that I've tasted some wonderful dishes from coast to coast, and what China Mama offers, is almost up there with the finest of the aforementioned cities. As a rule of thumb, whenever I visit a restaurant for the first time, I always chose the 'safe' dishes-- In other words, what you would consider to be the main/staple dishes of the restaurants cuisine. This time around, at China Mama's, I decided to order myself the Shrimp Chow Men with the thick home-made noodles and Sweet & Sour Chicken. My parents ordered themselves the Combination Chow Men with the regular noodles and some Won Ton Soup. I'm assuming the Won Ton soup is already made in a pot they keep warmed up throughout the day, because no later than 10 minutes after we ordered the waitress brought it in a large serving bowl, with small bowls for everyone at our table. I'm not really a fan of Won Ton Soup, but the waitress encouraged me to try it out. I am glad she did. Add some of their home made hot sauce and you have got a super delicious mixture. I wasn't really trying to eat much of it due to it being 110 degrees out, but I have to say, it was extremely tasteful and the flavoring just perfect. As far as the actual Won Tons, at least to me, I didn't find much taste to them. But the flavorful soup more than made up for that.My parents and I were thoroughly impressed at the serving size of our dishes, once the chow meins and sweet and sour chicken came out. Being our first time at this place, we all piggy-backed off each others plates to savor everything we all had ordered. It was far too much food, though. Despite there being three of us, we pretty much had at least 1/3rd of each dish as left overs. Which was great as we got to-go boxes and were able to enjoy the rest back at our strip hotel.Having thoroughly enjoyed our dinner, I will certainly be back to China Mama's my next trip to Vegas and plan on going deeper into their menu to explore other dishes. Good looking out fellow Yelpers!I've been coming here for years. Service is great for both pick-up orders and dine-in. The sizzling seafood soup broth is delicious!Las Vegas is known for the many restaurants owned by famous chefs such as Bobby Flay and Gordon Ramsay but my most recent trip to Las Vegas and California was about discovering Taiwanese food. We had driven past China Mama and I remember thinking that it was a bit of a hokey name and that I probably wouldn't try it based on that. To my surprise, a few days later my sister said that she was going to take me to China Mama for Dandan Noodles.China Mama is in what is considered Chinatown and is a typical Chinese restaurant. There are mainly rectangular tables for 4 and a few round tables to seat larger groups.  The decor is simple. As you walk in the wall at the entrance is full of plaques with reviews and awards won. There are a few chairs at the entrance for a very small waiting area but we were there on a week day for lunch and were seated immediately with no wait time. You can peek into the kitchen as you make your way to the tables and there is some food housed in the refrigerated glass case just outside the kitchen area.China Mama's menu consists of noodles, rice, pastry and a la carte dishes. Noodles were a selection of chow mein, noodles with soup and some not so common items such as Dandan noodles and cold noodles with shredded chicken. The pastry section does not exactly contain what North Americans will call pastry. There is a selection of bread (Chinese style) stuffed with vegetables and or meat; familiar dumplings (boiled or pan fried and won tons and Chinese style pancake. Pancake is dough pan fried. The sweet variety has a layer of bean paste in the middle.

No privacy when you shower especially during a bros trip.Earl of Sandwich and Secret Pizza are my go to drunken late night spots and it was convenient to have them like 5 mins away!Cosmo has lots of shops and restaurants as well as Marquee day and night club. It's in the middle of the strip so the location is perfect. I think that's what I enjoyed most about the hotel. That and just it being so baller.But too baller where a kid like me can't play a hand of blackjack for less than $25 a hand.I'll be back. Terrace Studio looks sick since you get the balcony. I did the ol sandwich trick but too many people and conventions to upgrade. Totally worth slipping a dub to potentially get a room that's like 40% more than the basic one. Agent was nice enough to offer my money back, but I appreciated the effort to look up upgrades. Still hooked it up with a higher floor and better viewI have stayed here several times and always look forward to the next trip. Clean, comfortable and modern furnishings, quick elevators, fantastic restaurants and the pools are great as well. STK and secret pizza are favorites; Holsteins approaches fave list soonly. Bond pit is great for casual low stakes gaming but only pays 6:5 BJ.

Everything else is average priced. $7.00-$15.00 per plate depending on the entree. I have had the carne asada tacos, the enchilada plate, and the nachos. Nothing has disappointed me, but I always end up back with those $1 tacos. The rice and beans are also good. And the homemade red sauce is actually spicy.Your average taco shop, but a little above average.Comparable to Roberto's, but I would say better in flavor and service any day of the week.This place is not bad. Pretty small on the inside but clean. Food was good with decent prices. I had a carne asada burrito which was about $6.50 after tax and it was a little above average in taste. The red and green sauces have some kick to them and the carrot/onion/pepper mix is good with your food.I'll have to try their $.99 Taco special next timeGreat location very convenient! I go to this place a lot and they always do a great job. I have seen them help people in need and ever since then it always makes me want to help support the business.C'est facile de passer Rose Sushi sans même le remarquer, mais ce petit restaurant charmant de sushi vaut vraiment la peine de l'essayer. On y est allé ce soir et c'étais bien plus qu'attendue. Sur le menu il y avait des combinaisons que je n'ai jamais vu dans les rouleaux, comme ceux avec des fraises ou avec du pamplemousse. On a essayé celui avec fraises et il était très bon. Et leur sushi plus traditionnel était de trés  bon qualité et était plein de saveur aussi. La prochaine fois que vous pensez de sushi dans le quartier latin, essayer certainement Rose Sushi.Rí Rá is having it's grand opening on St. Patrick's Day, but had it's soft opening about four days ago.Personally, I've been waiting for this place to open ever since I saw the signs. And to my surprise, it opened days before I was expecting, so my friend and I rushed over. The atmosphere is definitely great. Live music was going and you could tell everyone was having a good time. There is ample seating, though the seats closer to the stage aren't ideal for trying to have a conversation with the people you're with. As for the service, it was a bit slow at first. But after the waitress made initial contact, things went smoothly from there. They're having a couple specials for the month of March, $4 for a Half & Half or Black & Tan. They also weren't serving any food yet, besides the chicken wings and chicken tenders. I'm excited to go back to try their fish & chips or their McDonnell's Curry Sauce. I'm looking forward to heading there on St. Patrick's day and probably a few other days before that. =pMy friends and I were looking or a place to chill and have a few drinks and we came across Ri Ra Irish Pub in Mandalay Place and figured to give it a shot. None of us have been to an Irish pub so I we were excited to find out what they have to offer.The hostess asked if we preferred to sit close to the live band but she not-so-subtly implied that we may want to sit in a booth further away because it gets pretty loud. We took her advice and sat in a booth in a room where we could still hear the music but still hear each other.Cha-ching! First thing we noticed was that they have happy hour all day everyday for the entire month of March. A pint of Black and Tan or Half and Half is only $4. The boys took advantage of the happy hour and the girls ordered cocktails which were at a regular Strip bar price of $13.We ordered the chicken wings which were pretty decent and the fish and chips. We were surprised by how good the fish and chips tasted.  The fish was cooked to perfection and the batter was light and not greasy at all. The chips were well seasoned. The regular size was $13.95 and the large is $18.95. We just got the regular and it was filling for two people. To end our meal, we asked the waitress for Irish coffee and she asked, "Do you want real Irish coffee?" to which we agreed even though we didn't know the difference. Little did we know that real Irish coffee comes with a good amount of whiskey! It was good for the first few sips but got a little too strong for our amateur taste buds. One Irish coffee costs $8.All in all, our first Irish pub experience was memorable. Service was really good; they checked on us regularly and kept our table clear of extra glasses and plates. I would definitely go again just for the fish and chips and to take advantage of their March happy hour special.I was kinda of skeptical when I attempted this place because 1) it was on the Strip & 2) not many Irish restaurants here in town. Usually I make the trek to McMullan's for my bday since it's the only decent place in town. I decided to try Ri Ra after looking at their menu. I must say that I was impressed.1) The menu pricing was affordable. Nothing was too outrageous, although dinner for 2 costs us $60. Dang beer!!! At least you get complimentary soda bread and bread while you wait.2) The food was pretty good. We ordered the beef stew and regular size fish and chips. I would say the fish and chips were pretty tasty however the fish was a huge filet inside of a stick so you have to use a fork. I like eating fish & chips with my hands but eh that might just me. Also the chips had no flavor and tasted a little overcooked for being fresh cut fries. The stew was good in my mind that I slurped that sucker down and used the bread to soop up the remaining sauce. It was beefy and packed with veggies plus the scoop of mash taters. I thought all the flavors were balanced evenly.We arrived around 7:30 and were seated within 5 minutes. The layout and design of the place is quite interesting. It's pretty dark in the front until you walk to the back where most of the dining is. It's made to resemble an pub in Ireland but what do I know I have never been to Ireland! I do know that the management team is actually from Ireland so it was pretty interesting to see actual Irish folks tending to this place and trying to make it authentic. Around 8 pm they have a live band that performs every night. Business was pretty steady while we were there but I will comment that the food wait was quite long. I think we waited almost 25 minutes for our food. At times the waitress did seem a little flustered especially when they brought out the incorrect order of chicken tenders. Service just seemed slow but they had only been opening for a week so we shall see....However, it is a great atmosphere to hang out and have some good 'ole Irish beer and listen to music. I would totally try this place again because overall the food was pretty decent and made me curious enough to come back and try the Dubliner burger for the true Irish experience.It's in the walkway between the Luxor and the Mandalay Bay, but closer to Mandalay. I had the shepherd's pie and it was delicious. Price was pretty reasonable too, especially considering all the overpriced eateries on the Strip. Servers seem to all be right off the boat from the Old Country. They have Irish music in the evenings, which I didn't stay for. Highly recommended.This place was really nice, good atmosphere and great food.  We had the Baked Goat Cheese App, OMG must order, this was delish, the highlight of my visit actually.  Crab cakes and Curry fries, both of these were good.   The fries were baked in cheddar and curry sauce, tasty.  I ordered the Traditional Irish Breakfast, it was very good, cooked well, yummy mushrooms and black and white pudding, which I've never had but wasn't bad, It went well with the yolk form my eggs.  My boyfriend loved the Black Sausage especially.  He ordered a corn beef sandwich which I saw get delivered but he ate it so fast I didn't see it after that.  They had great choices on beer and I had a Irish Coffee that was excellent, the best I ever had, the right touch of everything, in a cute glass too, if we were at a local bar I woulda swiped it, lol.  The bartenders were very friendly and Irish, they talked it up with you and made us laugh.  We definitely will be back, it's a great joint to get some good food and drinks.I thought this place was so awesome that I went twice in one night.  Went to Ri Ra, then to a concert, and back to Ri Ra.  I thought the atmosphere, vibe, decor, everything was awesome!  I'm am a huge whiskey fan so to see their walls lined with whiskeys was pretty great.  I also like beer and they have a ton of different kinds.  They also have something called a Shandy which is half beer, half lemonade/soda and it was $4.  Not bad at all.  The service from the waiter the first time and bartender the second time was equally great.  This bartender was like a dancer just moving about the bar and hooking people up with some perfectly poured pints.  I will, without a doubt, go back here again!I had been wanting to try this pub for a while and was excite when my friends voted last minute to cancel the Mexican and stop in here for some pre concert eats.  Located in Mandalay Place, which in the past could be hard to find from the main hotel, but there are signs EVERYWHERE. (I used to work in the mall, so I know it used to be difficult to find.)   We were seated right away and immediately felt at home. The decor, though new construction, made it feel like it has been there forever. Our waitress came immediately and brought us our drinks very quickly. A Guiness for myself and a summer shandy for my friend. Our other friends arrived and also got the shandy. The crowd was a normal mix of your typical Vegas Strip spot. Old, young, drunk bachelorette, etc. A huge fan of Reubens, I was excited to see it in a prime spot on the menu. Once we ordered our food, Sarah, our waitress brought out soda bread and butter. The bread was delightful, but the butter was those little cold bricks. It tasted fine but I hate having to warm it in my hand in order to make it spreadable.    I got the Publican Reuben with a side of Garlic Creamed Spinach. Other orders at the table included a Caesar Salad and another side of Creamed Spinach. (Did I mention my friends are girls) The reuben was the perfect size (no snake-like jaw acrobatics needed). The meat was tender and juicy with the perfect mix of salty. The sauerkraut was great, but there could have been a little more of it and the sauce was AH-MAZING! The creamed spinach tasted phenomenal. We joked a little at the texture as it was a little baby-foody, but it wasn't bad enough to make us uncomfortable. I would definitely order this side again, though I would order the large size. NOTE: If you are ordering any of the sides by themselves, go large.   When we were finished Sarah asked to bring the bill and even offered to split it up for us. Normally, anywhere on the Strip, when you make this request, it is answered with a shrug, a sigh and a hesitant, if not, passive aggressive, "Okay." All in all, the experience at Ri Ra was a great one. I will be back for the Fish and Chips. Everyone around us was ordering them and they looked mouth wateringly yummy. Make sure you get there early. After 8:45, when the band starts playing, a Live Entertainment Tax is added to you bill. Also, park in the Mandalay Place Valet as it is very close to the restaurant and is so much quicker than parking the Mandalay Bay Parking Garage.Very nice, authentic Irish pub on the Strip...gotta love the Irish bartender too!  The decor is very cool...I absolutely loved the chandeliers.  The beer/cider selection was great too.The atmosphere here is great, from the decor, to the music to the service, there is a very great feel. The food is decent, however, it is not traditional Irish food, it is more Irish food with an American twist. The bangers were not quite right(not sure if they were actually real bangers), which kind of threw off the taste of the sausage rolls. Still the food was good.One thing I that kind of shocked me was the 'live entertainment tax' which kind of sucked since it was almost $5. I have never payed that here in CA, so I wasn't expecting it. The 'Irish band' was also a tad disappointing, they played many American songs, and not a lot of folk songs like I was expecting. They all were great musicians though and had great voices. Overall not a bad pub, reminded me a lot of the pubs of Southern Ireland.The dark woods, live music, and ever flowing Guinness creates a festive atmosphere that Fado's has left behind. The prices are definitely Strip, but is backed up by ethereal goodness. There were several times where I was caught looking at the neighbor's plate, but I could not take my eyes off the enormous piece of fish and the bounty of chips that came with his order. If I was not trying to be good after my Chinatown voyage, earlier in the day, I would have ordered it in a heartbeat. Instead, I went against the no salad at bars rule and ordered the chop chop ($13.95). The large chunks of avocado, halved cherry tomatoes, diced chicken, red onions, and mixed greens normally come with bleu cheese crumbles and a mustard vinaigrette. I asked for without either and subbed the champagne vinaigrette instead and it was magnificent. Stole a bite of a friend's steak and hand cut fries ($24.95). The steak was beautiful, thick and came with sauteed mushrooms and onions. The hand cut fries were a let down, coming out limp and soggy. The process of thievery continued on to another friend's sausage rolls ($9.95) and they were impressive. The sausage was moist and flavorful while the bread had the buttery flakiness of a croissant. For the price listed above you get two rolls and my friend who eats like a bird polished them off.Stopped in for a late lunch on a weekday.  The atmosphere was nice, very pub-like with dark woods and wall cabinets showing off bottles of whiskey, although I would have preferred a few more cozy booths.  The place was probably 1/3 to 1/2 full.  The fish and chips were pretty good.  Specifically, the fried fish was quite possibly the best I've had in the US, but definitely not as good as served in the UK (it was hot and tasty and probably 2-3 servings for the small/regular size but the batter slid off the fish, was somewhat too greasy, and did not have a very deep/complex flavor).  The chips were rather poorer and were not freshly cooked like the fish, but the fries were still passable/edible (salted just right and a good size, but limp and slightly overcooked).  The Bass pint was good too.  Total was $21 before tip.  My waiter was extremely attentive.  I would definitely go here again for lunch but probably not twice in one trip to Las Vegas.Went here twice. First time for a drink in the evening. It was dark, a lot of woodwork, decorated nicely. I've never been to Ireland, but it looked and felt like what I would expect from a real Irish pub. There are three sections of the bar, and each one sort of represents a different type of pub. One section was more "white collar", one was more "blue collar". I didn't really go in the third section where they have the live music.I went back for dinner the following evening. I had Bangers and Mash. I haven't tried this dish very many times, but this was the best I've had. I have no idea how authentic the food is, but it was very good. I tried  a bite of the Corned Beef and Cabbage. It was also delicious. Our waiter was very friendly, and the service was outstanding when we went for dinner. When I just went for a drink, I sat at the bar. The bartender was just OK. She wasn't rude, but didn't really make a customer feel welcome. Very robotic.Great food and Guinness. Lamb burger and gyro are awesome. As are the fries......get the gravy.  Service was excellent as wellThey took us in when our large group reservation was given away by Burger Bar, which was terrific.  It's difficult to handle an unexpected group of 25 folks who are starving and desperate for a drink and a rest, but they did a fine job.  Nothing we ordered was outstanding (though the potato and crab cakes seemed to be pretty much the faves), but they wrangled us well, brought us hot food and cold drinks, and charmed some of the folks in our party with their fresh-off-the-plane accents (they're all pretty good looking, too, the male and female staff).  There was an Irish band playing, and they were fun.  There's a cute little bar area off to the left with banquettes and easy chairs -- and a giant TV, if there's a game on you want to watch.Weird bathroom, though - one stall is freakishly narrow.Came here on a rainy Sunday afternoon. The first thing I noticed was just how HUGE this place is (definitely does not look that big from the entry). The decor is gorgeous and it seems like it would be a great place to go on a weekend night for entertainment. Our server was from Ireland and was friendly and helpful. My friend had the soup and sandwich combo and I had the daily roast. Oh my God, that was awesome. The roast beef was great, the vegetables were great, the yorkshire pudding was great. I hate broccoli and never like the smell or having it anywhere near the rest of my food. There was broccoli mixed into the vegetables and everything was so good I didn't even care that my other veggies were "fraternizing" with the broccoli. That meal was the highlight of my day. I will be back probably any time I am at Mandalay Bay.Stopped by here on the way back to the room. Was a pretty fun pub. Servers were cool as well as the customers. Place is pretty lively. Have great hangover recovery food as well. Will definitely come back.I went with friends from the East last night.  I really like the decor of this pub.  Service was very good.  The server kept an eye on our glasses and brought replacement drinks as needed.I got the Shepherd's Pie.  Very tasty, and just the right amount of food.  This isn't one of those places where you're going to remark about huge portions.  They are just the right amount without overdoing the amount of food you get.  This Shepherd's Pie is made with the traditional ground lamb which gave it a rich flavor.  The two with me had fish and chips and bangers and Mash.  Both enjoyed their meals.I'd return here and try something else on the menu.  There are some good choices.Great bar in the Mandalay!  Irish staffers (they're here on 1 year work visas) make you feel like you're in the real deal.  And these guys know how to properly pour a pint of Guinness!  Their fish and chips are HUGE (get the small order) and DELICIOUS!  I also had a Reuben and it was also huge and tasty, if not a tad soggy on the bottom side. But after another pint, I didn't care!Good place for irish food and drink.Awsome Irish pub. Garlic mussels and fish/chips... Nice lunch.Super high energy and a friendly party atmosphere fueled by live music, good food, and alcohol make this the best Irish themed pub in Vegas.For pub grub, it has to be the burgers. the dubliner (ground lamb seasoned with rosemary and topped with onions, goat cheese and curry mayo) is incredible. So juicy and flavorful.  The Guinness BBQ burger is also excellent.  Topped with a house made Guinness BBQ sauce, Irish cheddar cheese and onion rings; what's not to love.The short list for entrees include the Moors & Bay (bacon wrapped fillet with Guinness glazed prawns), Shepherd's Pie (made with lamb), and the Guinness & Beef Stew (deeply flavored fork tender beef cooked in beer; how can you go wrong).Service is very friendly (remember, its a pub).  Great selection of Irish whiskey and single malt scotches. Decent selection of Irish beers.  Prices are slightly lower than most Strip restaurants.Highly recommended.We stay at Mandalay Bay quite frequently, and after many walks past this place we decided to eat here. During the day this place is pretty quiet, but the food was DELICIOUS. Amazing fish and chips, the best sweet potato fries, and even their vegetables were tasty! Good to know you can still stay healthy while surrounded by pub fare - I ordered the Hummus wrap and it was pretty good. Since I didn't feel like ordering a $15 cocktail I stuck with the $6.50 pear cider, it was pretty huge and a good deal. They currently have a promotion where if you check in on foursquare you can save 10% off food. For 3 entrees and 2 drinks it was around $50. Overall, the 3 of us left smiling and satisfied.I love this place!  It's nice to have live music for a change.  The fish n' chips are a mouthful... seriously.  Beware of the all mighty Guiness and Jameson shots... it can go downhill fast!WHERE: It is located inside the Mandalay Place Shops.WHEN: Monday through Thursday, 11am-3am. Friday, 11am-4am. Saturday, 9am-4am. Sunday, 9am-3am. (There is definitely plenty of time for you to stop on by, whether it be a drink or something to snack on! =D)WHY: If you are looking to experience a jolly, good old time! & some BEER! Beer's always good! =)WHAT: I haven't been to an Irish Pub in a while, and thank goodness my friend and I decided to walk into this one! There were many times I would come to shop at the Mandalay Place and noticed the pub -but this time I finally kicked myself in the butt and walked in.After we were directed to our table, I noticed such an amazing atmosphere! It was perfectly dim and a place where you can come in to socialize with friends. It was then time to make our order!-Pub Wings: We started off with this delightful appetizer! It was covered with Guinness BBQ sauce and Jameson honey glaze alongside bleu cheese dip. The flavors mingled so well (Probably a little too well because I ate about 75 percent of the wings, and left my friend the remaining 25 percent, haha). So... Hoorah!

-Not too huge

lots of drink choices

Them: "Not at all, enjoy the show!"I was very impressed by the customer service at the Smith Center. When I went with a friend, we had mistakenly purchased and printed out tickets for the wrong date.  The manager was very helpful and quickly fixed our tickets for us, though the tickets weren't as great of seats but I figured that was fair enough as we were still In the same general area. For drinks, you can bring your purchased beverage into the theater if you buy the souvenir cup. Added perk, if you bring the cup back to use on your next visit, you get three dollars off your drink!Plentiful parking but if you valet, I do have to mention that highly impressed by the work ethic of valets.  I saw one sprinting full force across the parking lot to get someone's car.Took my boyfriend to see TAO here. It was a one night performance.Thinking doors opened at 6.30 pm (as was stated on the ticket), we arrived promptly at that time only to wait around in the lobby until about 7.10 pm when the doors to the theater actually opened. I felt very badly for the handicap people who had planned the same as myself about the arrival time. I will arrive closer to the actual show time on my next visit.The staff here was courteous and professional. The theater itself is gorgeous, well maintained, and very clean - let's hope it stays that way! From what I could see, there wasn't a bad seat in the house. We were on the lower level in the very last row and had no problems viewing or hearing the show. The seats were comfortable as well!I'm saddened to hear that so many people had bad experiences with the audience. Our audience was very well behaved and relatively quite. I would suggest to anyone that gets annoyed easily by audience neighbors: get a back row seat. That way, there is no additional noise behind you. There was one row of very noisy people across from us. The woman in front of us actually made a comment to the usher, who said something to them once, but then ignored their unnecessary banter for the rest of the performance. I would urge the management to do a better job of enforcing the audience to not be distracting with talking/comments/etc.I love the bar service here. They serve your drinks in "adult sippy cups." If you managed to spill your drink while getting to your seats, you are probably an idiot. These cups were so great. I can't say how many times I've been to an opera or ballet and people are spilling drinks while getting to their seats with open cups. The price of drinks was a little extra for these, but completely worth it and you get a nice little souvenir. We absolutely loved this show. I was sad it was only on for one night. The performers were amazing. Sound quality was great. Stage sets were beautiful. Can't wait to come here again!We saw a matinee of the Tempest at the Smith Center. It was our first visit to this venue. I can't give a review of the auditorium because the play was held in an outdoor tent. Everything was well organized. They had parking attendants to show you where to go and plenty of staff to answer questions and direct you to the venue, restrooms, refreshments, etc. The production was good. The scenery, costumes and the fact that it was held in a tent reminded me of a vaudevillian acting troop. They even had sawdust on the floor. The performances overall were strong with the exception of the actress who plays Miranda. We thought that her approach was a bit broad and her facial expressions were too over the top and prolonged. I understand that it is Shakespeare but the whole production was trying to take a fresh approach on the material and her portrayal took me out of the moment. Two stand outs were the actors who played Ariel and Prospero. The musicians added to the moodiness and the main vocalist had great range. One cool twist to this is that it is produced and co-written by Teller (of Pen and Teller).  So they were able to expertly blend Magic into the story and dialogue.  You will get your fair share of levitation and slight of hand tricksOne side note, we sat so close that we could see several actors spitting out their heartfelt speeches. I guess it's the price you pay for good actors projecting their dialogue!Most of the Broadway series have been great. Today waiting to see Once! Last show Porgy and Bess was disappointing.  I am excited for this one.  The best show yet this year has been War Horse!!! The horse was a huge puppet. After a while you didn't realize and it looked like a real horse!  If you get a chance to see that play do it!I've been to a couple of performances here, and can happily say that the facilities are exceptional.  I have been astounded at the quality of the acoustic and audio capabilities in here on a number of occasions. I once left a pair of keys here on accident, and realized it when I had walked down stairs after the performance.  I headed back up to see if I could find them, but they were gone.  I approached the staff and asked if they hand found my keys.  Fortunately, they had picked them up off the floor where I had been sitting immediately after everyone had left their seats. I love the employees here, as they are classy and friendly people. My only complaint is the location of this place. It is in the middle of nowhere, and is in a bad neighborhood to be totally honest.  I don't feel very safe walking to and from my car here when I park in the parking garage.  My one tip is this; either park in the lot across from the front door, or walk with the rest of the group coming and going from performances.Went to Smith Center last night for The Book of Mormons.  This was the best show of the series and easily my favorite musical.  It was an outrageously funny adult musical with a ton of pop culture references. Denee Benton who played Nabulungi has the velvety, full voice of an angel and couldn't get enough of Pierce Cassedy as Elder McKinley. hasa diga eebowai.It's been a long overdue thing, to have a center for traveling broadway shows and theater. I came excited to watch Book of Mormon for a friends birthday. We ended up in the upper most balcony and I absolutely hated sitting up there. There are bars so that you don't fall into the row in front of you, and being not tall, it was right in my view so I had to sit forward and look down. It hurt my shoulders and also looking off ledges makes me have a bit of vertigo. I didn't think it was gonna be that high up,but if it wasn't for us going as a group and the others buying their tickets, I wouldn't have sat so high up. My other gripe is for certain areas, the signage on how to get there isn't really clear. Like the elevators to get to the balcony is down the same hallway as something else, but didn't indicate it as such that an elevator was present there. There's not that many ushers so I had to line up in the wrong area to get to the sole ushers by the doors of each section.Still, the show was wonderful and I managed to enjoy myself and glad of its existence. It is a beautiful venue - I liked they kept it classic theater style and went with a art deco architecture. If this was in another city, I would give it 3 stars. Since it's our first center for performing arts, I'll say I'm a fan enough to bump it up. There are so many things in the season I'm looking forward to and that in itself, makes me very happy over my complaints.Don't valet park! Not worth 10 dollars! We waited so long for our car all of the other lots were empty!  Otherwise a lovely evening.Beautiful venue that is almost perfect. I've now been to two shows... John Legend and Book of Mormon and while I loved both shows, the venue provides some limitations. I had heard from friends that certain areas lacked visual or audio quality and it was like you had to choose which you prefer. I had great seats for both shows... John Legend in the first level left side partierre (?) and Book of Mormon in the right side orchestra. The box for John Legend had these free standing high top chairs that were cool because you could turn or move them but got incredible uncomfortable as the show went on. Additionally, I had nowhere to put drinks and if you get the wrong person in front of you it can be quite difficult to see the show. Sound quality in these seats was excellent though!The orchestra for Book of Mormon provided fantastic visual experience but poor sound quality. I found it tough to understand what the performers were saying at some points and many of the lyrics to the songs were hard to understand so I felt like I missed out on a lot of the show.The bars could use some work... service is a bit slow and they are very small. Why not have a cool lounge or something with a full bar? They have the space for it.All in all though, the Smith Center offers a fantastic experience and is a beautiful building. The staff both indoors and out are top notch and they do an amazing job of controlling the crowd leaving the venue. Look forward to heading back for more shows in the future.THE REAL DOWNTOWN GRAND   The Smith Center is the real Downtown Grand. It is the heart of downtowns' 61 acre Symphony Park and the soul of Las Vegas' performing arts. It hosts first-run shows, Broadway plays, concerts, the Las Vegas Philharmonic,  and the Nevada Ballet. The Smith Center mission statement says it best, "To build and establish a high-quality performing arts center that is embraced by the community and recognized as a vital force by supporting artistic excellence, education, and inspiration for all." With its theater the Smith Center is a Broadway of the West. A couple Saturdays previous we spent a night on Broadway watching the highly acclaimed "Book of Mormon."   Regardless that railroad tracks separate the Smith Center from Downtown, the automobile is the only way to reach it. We arrived here early, so finding a parking space in the nicely designed parking garage was a breeze. For whatever reason, they waived the parking fee.   Reynold's Hall is the focal point of the Smith Center. We arrived here before the doors opened. Being the real Downtown Grand, waiting was part of the show. Reynold's Hall is contiguous to the 2-acre Donald Reynolds Symphony Park. The centerpiece of the park is the "Fanfare for the Common Man" sculpture.  Smith Center is also a showpiece for the visual arts.  When they opened the doors, we entered the palace of the performing arts when we stepped foot into the Grand Lobby. Here it is red rock and not gold that is elegance. As we walked up the stairs we set eyes on a winged sculpture called "Genius in Flight."  Before watching "The Book of Mormon" we enjoyed a couple of refreshments in the Mezzanine Lounge. This is a go-to lounge for drinks and a small bite before the show. The seats are comfortable. I'd leave the seat with my souvenir cup of Gray Goose to take in the grand view of downtown Las Vegas from the balcony. I could picture Oscar Goodman standing here drinking a martini toasting the prosperity of what became of the 61 acres.  The Reynold's Theater is a work of art. Even though we had nice seats, I cannot see a bad seat in the house. The theater lives up to the saying that quality is better than quantity. Seating 2,050 people, it is not very large. The design incorporates a large number of balcony seats. My eyes would sporadically look up to the light fixture. This is a ceiling design inspired by the Metropolitan Opera. The acoustics are also fantastic. The major flaw was that the rows of seats are too close. When I left to use the restroom or visit the Mezzanine Lounge in intermission, I was left to make the people in my row stand up so that I could squeeze by them.   After the show ended, we waited for the crowds to die down before leaving the parking garage. The Don Reynold's Symphony Park is a nice spot to hang out and discuss dinner. The nice thing is that this is Vegas where a restaurant is bound to be open late at night. As motorists left the Smith Center, traffic cops directed traffic. As we waited for the traffic to die down, it dawned on me that I wasn't in a hurry to leave the real Downtown Grand.This is a beautiful theatre, and I'm trying the broadway series for the first time.  My only complaint is that you can't always see the full show well from the upper & lower balcony seats.  Maybe next year I'll spring for some closer seats.  :)Great venue to see "Wicked". The staff was friendly and helpful.  The bartender on the upper level was quick and fun to talk with.  The seats were just okay but what you would expect for the last row!I will always love going to The Smith Center. But I do wish that they didn't allow children under the age of 12.  While watching Wicked, we had to listen to an excited little girl yell and talk for 3 hours. We couldn't hear or pay attention to the show b/c we were so very distracted by the girl. Yes, the little girl was excited to be there, I understand. We all were. Come on, it Wicked!!! But that doesn't mean we have to suffer...Back when Wicked made its debut in Las Vegas, my mother and I won the lottery tickets for front row orchestra seats. The venue is beautiful, modern, and much needed for the community. Any Broadway or arts fan will appreciate The Smith Center. Sin City finally has live performances that last longer than 90 minutes like on the Strip! Bravo!Nice venue. Much smaller than expected. Nice and safe self parking. Would like to visit outdoor stage next spring. Saw Wicked - loved it!My first time to the Smith Center and Reynolds hall. My family and I went to go see Pippin. We had seats all the way on the left balcony. The seats were chosen there due to other friends letting me know how small and cramped it was. Since I am a bigger person I was scared this was going to be an embarrassing issue. So we went for seating without arm rests. It was pretty comfortable but left the desire for better view. I wish they had this option in lower areas.I am so excited to see what other productions will be coming through. My only complaint really is the elevator!!! My god that take a ridiculous amount of time! And it's super full! This was a bad design and important asset to this building. Why it's so slow is beside me. Please bring back Les Miserables!Showtime at the Smith Center!I have been in the Boman Pavilion for a special event dinner and also Reynolds Hall for a show.  Both have beautiful architecture and design.  It's kept very clean with beautiful lighting.  Employees including ushers and concessions are very pleasant and helpful.  The Boman Pavilion event was catered.  The food provided was excellent.  Everything was fresh and well prepared.  The meat at the carving station was tender and full of flavor! Reynolds Hall is gorgeous.  From the moment you walk in to the beautiful setting in the theatre, you are taken back with elegance.  If you happen to be sitting in the upper sections, there are several flights of stairs to take you up.  You'll definitely get some cardio in before the show. Yes there are elevators but there may be a long wait.  Acoustics are great throughout the theatre.  Seats are just ok as far as comfort.  Ticket prices for events here are reasonable and glad to see a show here vs. the strip.  Can't wait to come back!What a wonderful addition to Las Vegas and a much needed dose of culture! The Smith Center is gorgeous, the lawns were lit up at night when I went and the modern art sculptures and statues stunned. I went for the opening night of The Nutcracker, and it was a lovely experience! Two bars with a large selection of libations, gift shop in the center with toys and keepsakes for the little ones, and a little red carpet you could take pictures on with a life-size Nutcracker. The seats and rows were new and clean, although quite cramped. I don't know how anyone over 6 ft. would fit in these chairs! Hoping to go back for Ira Glass on Jan. 17th...Really beautiful venue! My daughter and I came to see the Nutcracker near Christmas time and she loved it! I'm really surprised because this is my second time seeing the nutcracker and I almost fell asleep both times. She on the other hand was on the edge of her seat soaking in the 2 hour ballet. Some tips: There is plenty of parking, but depending on how far you want to walk, you will probably have to pay. We ended up parking in the $5 lot right across from the theater which was less than a 5 minute walk. Children have to be at least 4 to attend.No bag check so feel free to bring in your own water because it costs $3 (?) for a bottle of water at the theater.Rules are that you have to speak with a regal English accent when you say "theater", and then add a dahhhling if you're a female (or an awesome male).I love going to the Smith Center to see touring plays, musician and to go to the Cabaret Jazz. I love that you can go somewhere in Las Vegas for a nice show without dealing with the f**#(&)( 2nd hand smoke so pervasive in every other location in town.I wish I could afford to attend all of the shows but so far I've loved all that I've seen.Beautiful Architecture inside and out and everybody has a good view.I absolutely love this venue for shows in Vegas! We really needed this performing arts center even though we are an entertainment mecca! I have seen at least 5 shows here and highly recommend it. I prefer the middle seating vs the highest seats. I think you get your best bang for the buck in the middle. Get the reusable plastic cup for beverages if you are going to frequent this venue. I prefer not to valet (and I valet most places) because it takes too long at the end.I went to the Smiths center last night for Book of Mormon, I had never been before. I got there a half hour before show time, venue was much smaller than expected. Took no time to get inside and have my ticket scanned. It's a beautiful venue, several stories tall with at least six bars. The staff is very helpful and polite.Only complaint I have is the bartender for the bar upstairs took forever to pour a drink. With only a 15 minute intermission I imagined there would be more haste and less small talk. I ended up getting a drink and back to my seat in time so it's not a big deal.I had a great view of the show from my seat, I believe I was row T? If there's ever another show at the smiths center I'd definitely go.What an incredibly beautiful venue.We came here to see "The Book of Mormon" and had a wonderful time. Parking is a breeze and is right around the corner of the center. There are bars on either side of the lobby area inside and the line goes quickly while they pour people drinks in souvenir cups.The theatre is beautiful, the sound of the orchestra was incredible and the seats were comfortable. I honestly don't think there's a bad seat in the house.We used the restrooms during intermission and they were clean, large and easy to access. I loved the show, not only because it was hilarious, had great talent, was quirky and entertaining but also because the story was easy to follow, the characters were all cast so well and the music was great allowing the sound to be carried throughout the entire venue without being overly loud.I plan to go back for other shows and look forward to visiting this venue again.This is a beautiful venue(s) and a great addition to Vegas. We definitely get a lot more shows now! I finally got to check out the Smith Center when I saw Book of Mormon. It's set up so it's built up high, not out (if that makes any sense). So there's really no bad seat in the house. Even the cheap balcony seats don't feel that far away. And getting in and out is surprisingly easy and fast. We arrived less than 15 mins. before show time and were parked, inside, and seated with time to spare. And we were out and out of the parking lot within less than 10 mins. That almost never happens anywhere. The smoothness of the process was quite remarkable. And they do mobile tickets, which makes it all even easier. It's a beautiful place to see a show. It's all shiny and new, but it has a classic feel. Great sound quality. I look forward to seeing more shows here.My husband and I were blessed to have date night to see book of mormon.  I was lucky a few years prior to see Wicked.  After seeing a few broadway plays in New York City and London, it's great that Vegas finally has something to compare.  Lets be honest nothing compares to New York, but what a great addition to our city!  There doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house, however the seats themselves are kinda uncomfortable.  Plenty of bathrooms for intermission, but lines for cocktails too long for the short intermission.  Overall great experience for locals or out of towners.  I recommend dressing up a bit more than casual, however you'll find people in shorts and t-shirts.Enjoyed my first theater event here, Book of Mormon. The venue is fantastic and quite frankly, a long time coming for Las Vegas. The seats were pretty comfortable and theart deco style is classic and very fitting for the Center. It's been a while since I've experienced a 2 hour plus performance that seemed to move along much faster yet was still very entertaining. There were lots of show souvenirs, etc. available for purchase in the lobby. I've also been to multiple receptions in the lobby here and always felt like a VIP in the stunning building. It's first class all the way, and the food at the receptions has always been very good. Seating was limited to just a few cocktail tables at all these events, which I always find puzzling. The majority of guests end up without anywhere to eat.  Though it's a  reception, some of the food was near impossible to eat standing up. They always had quite a few bars open during the events and even with a few hundred guests the wait was minimal.Took the kids to see Cat In The Hat, good family night show for kids. All the kids seem to like the show. A little slow for adults but the kids enjoyed it and that's all that mattered. The theatre was great as always.I really do love this place.  It's so gorgeous, with great acoustics and a seating plan to suit most (unless you're afraid of heights...if so book tickets on the ground floor or in the back rows of the upper tiers).  We came for Riverdance, a show my guy wanted to see for 20 years, and this was the perfect venue.  Unfortunately the bland pasta dinner does not do justice to the awesome dining room!  Oh, and the staff are uber friendly.  If you arrive before they open and it's cold and windy, go next door and wait in the lobby.I was so thrilled when I heard about this place! Being from New York, I was absolutely appalled at the lack of culture here in Las Gaygas. So when I heard about The Smith Center, I was surprised but also had reservations about the place. My husband and I decided to watch the Green Valley High School production of Mary Poppins just to see the place first. We figured tickets were super cheap so even if we were disappointed, it wouldn't hurt the wallet too much. Boy were we blown away! There's a lovely mini park outside with sculptures on display. The building itself is beautiful and the interior design is even more breathtaking with the chandeliers and grand staircase. The theatre is quite large and seats were comfortable enough. The whole facility is clean and the bathrooms were never unpleasant to go in to. The high school production of Mary Poppins was wonderful. We were so impressed by the talent exhibited that night! Since then, we've seen Cinderella and Wicked at the Smith Center! Both productions were phenomenal and just for a few hours, I got to forget that I live in this horrible town (yes I called Las Gaygas a town). We have our tickets for Beauty and the Beast in April and we are so excited for it. I've seen it in New York before so it will be interesting to see the difference. One star off because parking is sometimes ridiculously far. Every once in awhile, golf carts are available to transport you to the entrance but not all the time. Make sure to tip the golf cart driver. From a conversation with one of them, I got the feeling that people aren't very appreciative of what they do. And they say New Yorkers are rude... =PAn amazing venue, with amazing artist and art. The only issue I have is I bought top price "box tier" seats "section A, row B" but the online seating charts only show 4 front row seats in section A of the box tier. when I showed up I was seated in two new seats in the back and could not see half the stage. It did say row B, so that's my fault but they should really update the seating chart to show 6 seats, not only 4. I would have never paid that much for such an obstructed view. They refused to make it right. I took it on the chin. I'll still be going to beauty and the beast this April. Row A this time! All and all, a very refreshing experience in a shallow city such as Vegas.If you're short avoid the balcony. Pay the extra money and sit in a box or get floor seats. You'll thank yourself later.Watched Beauty and the Beast here.  Despite the nosebleed seats, the show was awesome.  The building is beautiful and parking lot here is very very decent (particularly with the free  self parking).  I will be coming back to watch more shows!it's one of the most elegant place in Vegas... come to Reynolds hall for a concert by the les Vegas philharmonic orchestra, which is fantastic, the sound systems is well distributed through out the whole room, very good designWe stayed here 2 nights.The rooms were exactly what you'd expect for a 5 star, Trump hotel.  Beautiful, elegant and plush.  The bathroom was FANTASTIC!  The bathtub was soooo big, my husband and I could have fit 1 more person in it with us :-p.  Plus it had jets that had 3 settings.  My hubby also REALLY liked the fact that there was a TV in the mirror, he has requested one in our new home, HA, as if!  Only a couple of minor downsides to the bathroom, the glass doors are super heavy and slam easily if your not careful (I though I was going to break them), and the shower head was too small and not enough pressure.  The robes were AWESOME, super soft & only $125 to purchase, not much more than nice robes @ department stores.The loss of a star was for the staff.  They were inattentive and short handed.  In my experience, a hotel with a 5 star rating should have the HIGHEST level of service!  I realize that the hotel is newly opened and therefore working out the "kinks" however, this is not Trump's first hotel and therefore the staff should be prepared before opening.  By 3.5 months into operations, you'd think they'd have it worked out.  There was no taxi line and only 1-2 valets who were running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  People were when they got the valet's attention, not who got there first.The gym was well equipped and we made use of it.  We just walked in & started working out, after a while, a staff person came by to ask if we had signed the waiver before working out, he said when we were done we should sign it & it would also give us full access to the spa facilities.  As we went to sign the waiver, we noticed in small print at the bottom that we would be charged $22 dollars/person.  Since the desk wasn't monitored, we didn't sign & didn't use the spa.One more thing, the pool is not very big but there are lots of lounges & half canopied daybeds.  The cabanas, however, are not finished and will not be done until next year.  The pool also looked a little dirty, due to the construction I'm guessing.We booked on Priceline so we got a great deal.  I would definitely stay there again, for the right price.I forgot to mention that super late at night, we could hear the road noise from the window & we were woken up at 8:30 by the train that honked when it when by.I just got back from a two night stay here and it was grand. The only reason it did not get five stars was because its out of the way location on the North end of the strip. The thing I really appreciate about this place is that its a respite from Vegas. There is no casino and smoking in the hotel. At least for me, its nice to come back to a place after a hard night of partying where I can relax and get away from it all. The rooms are gigantic. I've stayed at many properties on the strip and the standard room is much bigger than anything I've ever been in. The bathroom is equipped with a huge soaking tub and there is even a TV embedded in the mirror so you can be entertained while brushing your teeth. The room only has one bed, so that could be a problem if its being split amongst a group of friends. There is a sofa that can be converted into a bed for extra sleeping space. There is also a kitchen with a stove and microwave, but personally I can't ever imagine anyone using it. I just can't see people going to the grocery store and getting food, and in the process skipping all the great restaurants in Vegas. Lastly, if you love shopping, it is right across the Nordstrom at the Fashion Square Mall. I mean, it's a literal one minute walk from the front door. I love shopping, so that definitely was an extra plus.Nice, quiet hotel located away from the craziness of the strip.  The room reminded me of a (really nice) studio with the kitchen and decor. We had a pretty nice view of the strip and the bathrooms are spacious with a tv in the mirror! Not that I ever used it, or anything in the kitchen, but you gotta appreciate having the option. Service was also wonderful, and when the house car (escalade) is available, they will happily take you wherever you need to go.Personally, I like to be in the heart of all the action when I go to Vegas so this was not the hotel for me.  I basically only used this hotel after all the fun ended. It's a great place for families or maybe people looking for something a bit more quiet.  And don't expect to get a late check-out, it doesn't exist here.I booked a room online midweek for a ridiculous rate (shh...but $168 ridiculous low) and for that price it was easily the best room I could have ever gotten. Valet Parking is ridiculously priced and takes a good amount of time to get your car from the multi-leveled garage but as soon as you walk into the hotel you're greeted by luxury. I definitely pulled a free room upgrade with a $20 between my drivers license and CC so that was even better. The room I had was an exquisite 300sqft gem with super plush sheets, a hot tub with bubbles, martini mixer, refridgerator with mini bar and a full lounge area with flat screen TV. It was exquisite. The bad news is that theres no casino here though that didn't bother me whatsoever - all the rooms are non smoking - again, not an issue for me - but it is definitely a good distance off the strip and too far to walk to the cool clubs..and cabs are expensive. I had a breaker go out in my bathroom with the tub and music going but "Engineering" was up within 15minutes to fix the problem. Rooms ervcie was fast and tasty and they didnt mess up my 4pm wakeup call. Check online for SUPER specials before you book - and enjoy the luxury of Trump.I'd have to say that the Trump hotel defied everything I've ever thought about anything "Trump".When I think Trump,  think over-priced: Nah, hotwire hooked me up for super cheap - $129 for weekend nights in September!When I think Trump, I think gaudy and hideous: Nope again, clean, modern rooms with GINORMOUS bathrooms, fantastic amenities, comfy beds and some of the most spacious rooms I've ever encountered without spending a zillion dollars in Vegas.When I think Trump, I think pretentious and snooty: Still no, everyone was courteous, friendly, helpful and polite, from the valets, to check-in clerks, bartenders, to servers. True, this place is about a block off the strip (across from the mall if that cut-through makes you feel like it's less of a stroll) but still just a stone's throw from the Wynn. With no casino or 24 hour restaurant inside, this place isn't the best suggestion for your bachelor party or college reunion. But if you're like me and often make low-stress trips to Vegas with a specific reason for being in town, this is defintiely my new preference in lodging. Well done Trump, looks like your hair piece isn't the only deceiving thing about your image, and apparently that can sometimes be a good thing.I have stayed here twice and love it! The beds are so amazing. If you go on there website you can find some steals on certain nights!We pretty much loved this hotel.

Our server was really nice and definitely felt out what we wanted during omakase. Ah I wish I remembered his name. Also the restaurant was busy and we came a little late but the girls up front did their best to accommodate us. Also very welcoming. If you're not looking to spend too much, check out their happy hours for a quick bite to eat :)This restaurant came highly recommended by a friend who said this is a must go in Vegas. My own experience was that the food was good but not the very best as I thought it would be. We ordered the scallops, the duck, the oysters, the teriyaki chicken, coconut rice and the beef dumplings. The dumplings was my favorite. Others in the party liked the scallops and the oysters too. Maybe we should have tried the wagyu beef, but were too tired and hungry to try cook it on the table.One of the best restaurants in Vegas. Here is what to order: rock shrimp, yellowtail tacos (taquitos), Sea bass skewers are a must. Optional WARNING very expensive - Wagyu steak cook on hot rock. You can also do some of the sushi but do not miss out on the first three options. Enjoy.We stayed at Palazzo over the holidays and decided to try out this place.  I had made reservations for 9pm but arrived about 20mins early and was seated right away.  Overall a decent experience.

The brunch food overall was good, not great. Pancakes and breakfast chimi were just ok. The bread pudding and burger were pretty good. Where Ocotillo really shined was their veggies. Loved both the zucchini and the cauliflower.

types; from the down and dirty, the hip and trendy, the cosy and quaint to the greasy and Pepto Bismally......But I'm always intrigued when we arrive to a new town, to see where locals like to go and eat.. now usually, that really does mean a take out burger joint or a greasy spoon.  But in the case of the vast Phoenix sprawl with its inorganic population growth, (basically it's three major cities shoved into one) you've got an ever evolving diaspora of generational clusters with it's own microcosm of habitual norms...The easiest way to observe the human condition is in it's eating habits; we had the pleasure of staying in the Scottsdale area this time, where an intimate little outpost of a Bistro bustles like a hive, hidden away from it's older, larger sibling, Vincent's on Camelback.

A quality center such as Downtown Summerlin is a fitting place for a quality sandwich shop.This was my first time eating Earl of Sandwich, as I've simply never bothered to try the other locations (i.e. too lazy to travel). From what I've read from negative reviews, this a different concept than the others, with the Summerlin location being more of an "express" restaurant. We were cheerfully greeted by Rey, the cashier. Noting it was our first time, he described the popular sandwiches. I asked him to describe the tuna melt sandwich, to which he listed the ingredients and concluded with "most people like their tuna cold, but some like it hot." This made me "lol" in my head and think, "but I wanted to know HOW it tasted. Tangy? Creamy? Peppery?" I said I would try the Chipotle Chicken Avocado instead. Husband had the Original 1762. Mac & Cheese on the side.Before we sat down, Rey kindly wiped and dried the counter. I later watched him observe the sun and rotate some umbrellas to better shade the tables. Good guy, that guy!I thought the sandwiches were a perfect size. I could have stopped at half, but didn't, and ended up feeling quite full after finishing. Sometimes restaurants confuse chipotle with bbq, but this isn't the case at Earl. The chipotle is a smoky flavor that tastes a little "hot" without the actual spiciness, if that makes sense. Husband enjoyed the horseradish kick and found the meat to be tender, not too fatty, and cooked perfectly. The mac and cheese was a little lackluster and missing that perfect balance of cream/cheese.I liked it! The sandwiches are nice and toasty. The flavor is good although next time I will order my Montague without the sweet sauce. There is not enough seating and it is way too hot to eat a hot sandwich outside. Maybe I will go back when the weather cools down.So glad they opened an Earl's in summerlin!!!!! Haven't ate this place in a long time. Got my usual tuna melt and it was delicious! It was just a little bit on the salty side. I was really sad because they weren't serving baked potatoes until 4pm. My friend got the holiday sandwich, which I will probably be getting from now on because it was so good. It is basically a better, hot version of the Bobbie from Capriotti's. The mac n cheese was creamy and good. Potato salad was alright. Other than that, I love this place!so glad they opened one near my house, great food and great envirmont, will come often.Located in Downtown Summerlin, this is an installment of the famous chain, so you know what you are getting. Pretty good sandwiches. Be sure to sign up for their email club for great deals and specials. Live It Up You Are In Las Vegas For Cryin' Out Loud!This place was ok. We ordered the Hawaiian BBQ and the holiday turkey. We can't remember too much as we were drinking but what we can remember is we ate everything we ordered before stumbling back to our hotel that night. It was a nice clash of a bunch of tasty ingredients that made for a unique meal. Would try again but maybe next time more sober.I thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich from Earl. I had the Holiday. It's perfection. This location is nice because you can sit outside and people watch. I enjoyed the sunset during my last visit too. The staff was somewhat friendly, but seemed distracted. I'd definitely eat here again.4 stars because the workers were very friendly, fast, and clean. I bought dinner for a friend so I'm just rating this place based off of performance, speed, and cleanliness. Next time I'm near a Earl of Sandwich I will give it a try. The chipotle chicken avocado and BLT looked delicious.Today was the first day of eating Earl of Sandwich. I've seen these places all over Vegas and I was yet to stop there and eat. Usually for my subs I eat at Capriottis or Jimmy Johns. This place looked interesting and figured it can't be that bad with as many locations as it has. I got the turkey, bacon, cheese, mayo. My friend got the chipotle chicken with avocado. We both enjoyed our meal a lot and it was great. It would be interesting to compare there holiday turkey sandwich to Capriotti's "Bobbie" as they are both turkey based with cranberry sauce and the bobbie is considered one of their best sandwiches. The sandwiches were lightly toasted and I have no complaints. The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly. They have a place for drinks and sell other little things like gatorades. The prices are reasonable as well, I believe my sandwich was around $7-8. So I recommend trying this place out if you see one.Great place for patio eating. The owner actually Greets you! The staff is friendly. Come here and hang out.I like this spot and frequent it when I'm at Downtown Summerlin. I prefer it for lunch, it's really casual and quick. The food is fresh, but a little more expensive than Subway. Like anything, you get what you pay for :) Check out the 'Pick a Pair' Half a Sandwich and Cup of Soup for 7 dollars and change. I also really like 'The Original 1762'Earl of sandwich is pretty good but the only thing is that you don't have much of a choice but to sit outside. Luckily when I went it was a nice day.I got the chicken bacon avocado. (I personally prefer the earl of sand which in planet Hollywood)I have gone here for quite a few times but I've only sporadically started to check into places. I first came to this place when the mall opened. There wasn't too many places to eat. The better half loves sandwiches and I am about half and half. Let's just say I ate a lot of sandwiches for school in my day and it's not something I look forward to eating that often. Man, I remember eating Webber and PBJ more than I care to when I was an undergrad.So, when the placed opened, we sat outside because it is limited seating inside. Then again, the mall is beautiful and if the weather is nice, it really is nice sitting outside, chatting, munching, and people watching. It also gives me quite an amusement to see the other Chinese restaurant carting their Dim Sum around. That's just me though.Anyway, the owner met us inside and explained to me their sandwiches. Nice guy. I believe his name was Ray? It's been a while, sorry "Ray" if that's not your name. Anyway, we got our sandwiches relatively quickly, maybe 5 min? It wasn't very busy or anything. As we headed outside, Ray came and wiped down the table we were sitting some more. So we chatted a bit too. Turns out he worked for the owner who owned the chain. Since he liked him, he let him open one at Downtown Summerlin. I always like seeing hard working guys get ahead. But you didn't come to a session of Dr Phil. Or that idiot with the megaphone that masquerades as a carpenter (yes, I saw him when he was a pip squeak working in Trading Places with Paige. TLC was smart enough not to give him a megaphone BTW...but I digress). He of "I'll build you a house because you are needy but before I block it with my big bus, Imma gonna make you cry like you've never cried before, before I let you have the keys" fame...Tye Pennington. I thought it was the last I'd see that guy after ABC came to their senses and canned him but he's squirmed into Food Network. Now he's gone after poor going under restaurants and making them ball their eyes out before giving them a pretty lame makeover (Restaurant Impossible still has the upper hand in design bub) and making the owners pretend shock and surprise before handing over the keys. I sure Earl's doesn't fall into that sad state...not of bankruptcy but letting that buffoon into their place. Heh.So the sandwich...I got the Full Montague turkey and roast beef. I was pleasantly surprised at how best the sandwich was made and folded in its paper/foil wrapper. The bread had a nice crust to it but not so crusty that it serrates your cheeks when you bite into it (that's one of the reasons I don't care for sandwiches that often, many ppl over toast those buns like we are going to use them as weapons in a Viking food fight or something). The meat is tasty and lean.So all in all, a pretty good place to get a sandwich if you are moseying around the mall but can't think of what to eat. It's certainly healthier than grabbing a burger. Quite frankly, tastier too. Anyway, I think you will find his place chill and great place to stop by and take a load off your feet. We came here for Halloween too and watched all the costumes waltz by along with the car show they had at the same time. So, yeah, we occasionally come grab a bite here or at Pieology.As an added bonus, some guy may be singing in the plaza in front of Earls and you get to hear some live music too. Yeah it's nothing fancy and you won't get crappy service like Kona Grill. There's no hostesses ignoring you and busy holding up walls around here either. No one cares what you are dressed in. So if you are into that kind of thing, this may be too Plebeian for you. :)Very good portion for my 3 scoops I ordered. Unfortunately for me, I didn't try them first so I didn't care for my flavor selection (chamoy, tamarind, dragonfruit). Had some interesting flavors (queso flavor?) I'll go back for sure, many interesting flavors to try.Delicious tacos, salsas good as well. Nice folks too. Muy Bueno!  Had the carnitas, adobado, and carne asada.  Rice and beans, too.  ExcellentWent there on a Sunday afternoon - many options and great flavors. The staff was very courteous, but the atmosphere left more to be desired. Overall it surpassed expectations.The place is about 10,000 times cleaner than it was before the service was great and very very fast.I had the obligatory gyro with everything and fries.

My husband found All Mobile Matters through a web search, so I got a quote thru their website to replace the charging port on my HTC Incredible 2 phone. Last weekend I was unexpectedly going to be at the mall, thanks to my teenager, and called to see if they could fix my phone. They found they did have the part in stock, and said it would take about an hour. When I got there, the guy said they'd have to order the part, yet when I told him I had called and they said they had the part needed, he found it had been ordered for someone who had cancelled, so yes, they did have the part. I gave him my phone, he wrote me a pick up receipt, and I went shopping.An hour or so later I returned to pick up my phone, and another guy was there, the one I had talked with on the phone. My phone was fixed and it was $45 ($4 less than the $49 email quote).

* Shrimp Piri Piri - loved the sauce it came in.   Lots of shrimp.

Staff are super friendly and memorable, despite the fact that we just ordered soup and steamed buns and didn't take any recommendations (we had to eat steak in a few hrs so..). I wish I could try more things..the menu look so tasty and the soups tasted really high quality.  Would pay for an NC ticket again to come back!Before I went to China with a group from college we were brought here for the most authentic Chinese food Charlotte has to offer. Find a friend and make your way to Dim Sum!Go for Sunday lunch when the carts are being pushed around like race cars.  Bring the kids and turn them on to different food.  Try the leek dumplings and the salt and pepper calamari.  Tasty little suckers.  Not quite like being in Chinatown in NYC but for Charlotte, it's as close as you can get.  They celebrate Chinese New Year the first Sunday in February and two years ago, there was this evil white dude sitting on top of the restaurant throwing firecrackers down on the performers.  What the ?!?  But I guess he knew the owners because they saw him and let him keep doing it.  By the way, you can get in and out of this place in about 5 minutes.  Everything is super fast.  It gets really busy at around 12 noon on Sunday, so go a bit early or on the late side.  And the kiddies get free lollipops after the meal.Best Dim Sum in Charlotte. I love the no frills, strip mall appearance of the restaurant. Staff was very friendly, food came out quickly and was delicious! I have been here on Sundays when they push the carts around - I like that so you can "see" what you are ordering. I did Dim Sum last night and went off of the pictures on the menu (see picture). Price was OK, not too expensive or cheap. I will go back. More fun with a larger group of people so you can share!Came in last night and at first i was a little skeptical but the lady's here are so sweet! The decor is nothing great but I defiantly think it's worth a trip!So i had come here first (yelp)  to check out the reviews and to see what everyone had liked. So I tried to order some of that to round out our meal. We had ordered a bunch off of the Dim Sum menu and then per Pourinas recommendation had the Chinese Broccoli with the Garlic sauce-Delicious and Fresh it has gone up in price $1 i think but they let you know that upon ordering I was totally fine with it though. Other favorites were the Won Ton Soup- the Won Tons were so good I got one to go for lunch today :) . I also really liked the Taro Shrimp with a lil Soy sauce on them. The Shrimp Dumpling were great along with the Pork Dumplings (HUGE). We had the Sesame Balls which the server said was basically they're dessert during the week because the others aren't served till the weekend...I will be back for more! My not so favorite but not at any fault of the cooks but because I had never had them before and the texture was all wrong in my mouth I found it hard to swallow...The Turnip Cakes. They were just kinda gooey and a very strange taste if only you could've seen my face...Priceless. We also had the Pork Steamed Buns and also the Steamed Buns with Chicken and Pork....I'm not sure how I felt about them because they came last to the table and I was already getting full so I really only had a bite of each and the only complaint would be that they're was too much bread around the meat but the flavor seemed to be good.I would say we had a great dinner and we will definitely be back perhaps with others so we can try more! Our server told us to come in on the weekends to take advantage of the carts going around so that we can pick out what we want based on the way they look too! I'm down for this Saturday just so I can have more!!I've been coming here for many years and at last I'm writing my first review.My first Dim Sum experience was Mirawa in LA's Chinatown.

-mashed potatoes

$15.95 per person veg and non veg both same price.Not bad but not great considering all the Indian lunch buffet options. I would say it is a solid 3.5 but rounded up since they have mini dosas and sambar which I haven't seen at the other lunch buffets.Their Garlic Naan was really good as was the sambar. 4/5Chick peas were good as well but could have used a bit more kick. 3.5/5Saag paneer was good, better than most buffets here that tend to make it too creamy or burnt. Not the case here but it could have use a bit more kick too. 3.5/5The water is gross tap water that doesn't seem like it is filtered...I wouldn't drink it.The location is a bit odd, but the inside is quite nice and the food is really pretty good. The korma was addictively delicious.Great buffet selection here. One of the better Indian food in desert.Excellent service and amazing food. The Tika masalla and Naan was so good! The waiter was really nice. I had a long conversation  about India and the different cities in India. If this place was in Summerland it would be jam packed!Slow service, and a bit weird... A server brought our appetizer to the table and then proceeded to reposition it on the plate with his hand...But the food is delicious! The atmosphere is lovely, and the serving dishes and glasses are gorgeous copper ware.Ordered bhindi masala and tarka daal. Spice level was very adequate. The tanduri roti was really good as well. Definite recommendation for someone who is looking for authentic north Indian cuisine.We ordered a la carte for lunch. The paneer tikka masala and dal makhani was just perfect taste. Loved the service. Also the garlic naan was as crisp as needed. The could improve on the South Indian dishes.Ain't no party like a VEGAS party!   We had a great time here.  Our friend "Hong" popped her strip club cherry here.  It was quite entertaining to watch Hong transform from a caterpillar into a BUTTERFLY!  Great looking women, friendly and good music.  We will be going back!  Did someone say melon.....So perhaps this four stars is due to the best man knowing many of the girls here...long story short..he has insomnia and goes to gentlemen's clubs...no he is not a dirt bag..he is really a great guy...he is friends with several of the ladies and when the joint bachelor(ette) rolled around we hopped the mini bus and went here. A wide variety of different women and multiple shows going on at once. Whether you want to get a motor boat, a lap dance or see some awesome pole dancing...there is something for everyone...newbie to clubs or not. We sat underneath the glass floor in some cushy chairs,  chopped it up with the ladies, received some great lap dances enjoyed a few shows and called it an evening.Limo ride to the gentlemen's club - FREE

5. Mango Sticky Rice-Delish!! The rice wasn't too sweet or too sticky but where's the mango?! Such a small portion of mango for $6.50....can't you charge $7 and give me more mango???Waiter Dino was very nice

Lunch prices are $4.99. How can that be beat?

-Did not like the $20 additional fee for using the gyms.-This not about Cosmo in particular but I hated the folks who were smoking all over the place, my nose and lungs hate Vegas.from the moment we checked service was fantastic and not because I am platinum marriott member. from the bellman, to the valet, room service great service. the upgrade was nice tooConflicted. Had a really good time gambling, mostly all craps. Craps dealers were awesome (shout out to John / Johnny from Philly - cool cat). But damn , the clientele was suspect at times. Weird. Overall a fun place to play craps. $10 and $15 tables which was nice if your getting your balls handed to you on the $25 tables.So I went to the Cosmopolitian for my 21st birthday and for the most part it was a really good trip! First of all if you go to Vegas it's freaking cold and I live in Hawaii so yeah everyone on the mainland is cold in January but anyways it was about in the 40s. I wish I could of checked in earlier but I turned 21 on the 1st so I couldn't legally be able to get a room on the 31st. Check-In:

Sea Bass - Most memorable of the night.  Cooked to fatty perfection with an awesome miso glaze

Last visit: recently

The beer list was disappointing- a reasonable mix of types but they didn't have many craft or local beers. Aside from that, cocktails were rather reasonably priced. And on Thursdays, 1/2 off sangria pitchers with some of the best sangria I've had in the city for $7 per pitcher.Service:

-service attentive and friendly (at least this is true for when I went at 7 PM on a Tuesday night)Cons:-parking difficult and limited

Beef patty, lettuce, tomato, avocado, Brie, pickles and fries on the side. 4/5Buttermilk Pancakes:

SHIBUYA ROLL: Soft Shell Crab, Jalapeño, Topped with Spicy Albacore, Ponzu, ScallionsThat being said, I'm taking one star off for the pricing, I think it's over-priced bc it was around $300 for 2 people. I get it, we're in Vegas, tourists, blah blah blah. But the markups seem pretty exorbitant. And while the food is great, it's not Nobu.^Service

I was using a groupon and called ahead to make a reservation.

5. We got chocolate dipped strawberries for our anniversary!Cons:

Whole grilled squidOkay:

The lounge has several alcove booths as well as a hot tub looking fire pit at the entrance!Good food(huge portions) with decent service, but expect a long wait during breakfast/lunch hours.Good classic old school diner.. nice big portions and the food was fresh. The restaurant had a nice style to it not to busy for being in Vegas on a Saturday morning.If you are in Vegas, you need to visit this place just because it's quirky. One foot in the door you flashback to the 70's. Neon lighting, faux vines hanging from the ceiling and Tiffany lamps at each booth. Who came up with this concept? Entertaining. The food portions are huge and you could easily split the order. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Visit the bar once you're done with your meal. It's worth a visit. Sit by fireplace. You'll be glad you did. I had a Bloody Mary. It was damn good! The great thing about the Peppermill...it's open 24 hours.Met up with some friends here the last time I was in Vegas. It was the perfect meeting place prior to a night of drinking and debauchery. We had a very large group (20+) and the servers were patient with all of us. Ordered the Country Fried Steak breakfast. Portions were huge. I got a generous helping of hash browns along with egg whites. Two huge pieces of country fried steak with sausage gravy all over. The sausage gravy actually had a generous amount of sausage pieces in it. Drinks here are made strong and do not disappoint. The look and feel of the place just screams cheesy. Reminds you of the days of old Vegas with the neon everywhere. It is nice to see that not everything has changed. If you are not in the mood for a buffet or a high end restaurant, this is the place to go. Me and my friends came here before a night of debauchery but you could also go here to recover as well.This place looks like a pink-n-purple disco spaceship landed upon a garden and decided to serve food to the denizens of Las Vegas. It doesn't have the most amazing food I've ever eaten, but its fun atmosphere makes up for any culinary shortcomings.The service was quick and friendly, and our drinks were always kept full to the brim. Bonus points for the huge cups of coffee (at least by diner standards) and the shakers of multi-colored granulated sugar. I think everyone in our group had breakfast food and concurred that while the egg dishes were on the so-so side, the tasty hash browns and liberal portions of toast/bagels/muffins negated that.This is an excellent place to get some good, reasonably priced diner food that didn't come from a Denny's.A rough in the diamond, Located on the glitz and what was once glamour the  Peppermill has been around for some time but yet it has not lost any of its classic feel.  It's great for a casual get together with friends or somewhere to grab that late night meal on your way home.

7. Staff are very nice and helpful.This isn't my favorite coffee shop in the U.S., but it's near the top of my list. Biddles and Cup Ka Joes in South Side are probably my favorite in Pittsburgh.This is the marking point for regent square. Whenever people ask me where I live I just say 10 minutes from Biddle's Escape. This eclectic cafe has it all! Cool crafts, weird tees, even cooler and weirder coffee and people...I definitely can't do this place justice by trying to describe it on yelp, so everybody should check this place out while they're in the 'burgh!Great coffee spot in a nice neighborhood. There is plenty of seating inside as well as some space outside. It can get a little crowded on weekends especially if it is a nice day, but I have never had any trouble finding a place to sit. Oh. The coffee is good too.Very nice coffee shop with beautiful art, great coffee and LOTS of tea options! I had white tea with coconut and berry biscottis and matcha latte. The matcha was not that great as the paste was not totally resolved in milk/water and you could feel it sometimes. But the rest were good. They have free WiFi and a band has started to play there at the evening. I went there on a Saturday.My first visit was last Saturday during the Regent Square community yard sale. They were PACKAGED as well as the service was astonishingly fast. My coffee was fine and powerful and everyone was super friendly. Itis a location that begs you to take a seat and stay awhile. And I 'll.Decent coffee and great ambience in a nice, chill hipster coffeehouse environment. Great place to get some work done.Hey gang, I made my first appearance here, yesterday as a matter of fact and I remember upon walking in, thinking, hmmmm, something smells good, is that? Is that bacon? Wait, maybe it's sausage but it's definitely of the pork family.As I got in line with my 6 year old and 14 month old, I told them, "by golly they do have bacon and sausage here!" and the kids were all like "yayyyyyyy" but that was about the time I noticed the two police officers standing around holding coffee. I immediately knew that the coffees must have been espresso because it were black, I'm sure these coppers would've had that cup in handcuffs or would've shot it loads of times, just because. They would've said something like "oh, I thought it had a gun but it was only a heat protector thingy wrapped around its waist".....nonetheless, I had to inform the kids that the smell may have been the police officers and not the food.They had sad faces but as we reached our turn in line, the staff feller was so nice, it didn't matter if they had or hadn't the eating kind of bacon at all because we got grilled cheese, hot coca and a fucking latte  holmes!All were satisfactory, I might add. The decor was intriguing and the kind of intriguing that I liked. The patio was spacious but Mother Nature peed all over it and everything was damp still. The people inside were pleasant and didn't seem to mind my 14 month old waddling around and staring at them for long periods of time, creating potential creepy prolonged eye contact but since she was so cute and little, it was seen as adorable instead of eerie.I'll definitely be back even if they allow wild animals inside!!!Cute store!  A little out of the way for me and I wish they had a bigger selection of clothes and shoes, but I have found some cute things here.Rock and Brew was very enjoyable. Plenty of beer to choose from with a great scenery and music. The crowd was in control and it did not get rowdy. The price was negotiable for all you can drink and the food was pricey but worth every bite after consuming so much beer.I went to support my lil bro this time around but ya better believe I'll be participating (and dominating -rawr!-) at Warrior Dash 2013.My bro's wave was Sunday 11:30am. We pulled up @ 10am, sat in the queue of cars waiting to park, walked to the check-in area, and claimed a bench to sit on by 10:45am. Tip: get there an hour before your registered start time. I had friends w afternoon start times the day before that pulled up to the parking lot 30 minutes before their wave and had to wait for the next one bc by the time they got to check-in it was past their time. I'm not sure if the wait time for parking can be helped/lessened for next year but that's really my only non-wonderful thing to say about Warrior Dash. Oh, wait. The parking thing and also a serious lack of non-carnivorous food available to purchase. Nothing wrong w the gigantic turkey leg, pulled pork, or chicken sammiches, but the lone veg option (burger or dog I don't recall) didn't look appetizing at all. Glad I always pack snacks w me :) Kudos to the organizers, workers, and volunteers who made this two day event that accommodated over 12,000 participants (plus their supporters) a success. Everything was laid out well - instructions for participants were clearly heard, directions to food/beverage/restroom/etc posted all around, the music kept the energy buzzing, lots of fun photo opportunities, a merchandise area, open area w tables and chairs.Warrior Up!While I am a fan of the Warrior Dash there are parts of it I enjoyed and that could have been better.3.1mile run in Huntersville NC started in the sun, wide open, not a tree in site. Not sure if this could have been changed to be placed in a more shady area but the first K was in direct sunlight. Whew, hot!  The rest seemed to be tucked in the shade, which was great. You can't change nature, so keeping your eyes peeled for roots and debris on the trail is must. The obstacles were good, with a bit of variety. I'd say I'm a pretty athletic person and that the obstacles were not really  overly challenging to me, but for the average person, there might be some difficulty.My review is 4 stars because I came in expecting the obstacles to be a lot more challenging, and even closer together.  The most challenging was the mud pit.  People loosing shoes, trying to help by pushing others forward, yells rang out "Don't Stop, You'll sink", arms reaching out to pull fellow warriors out of the heavy mud. I was glad to have a group, and the fellow Warriors were all more than willing to help you succeed and finish the race.It's a great experience, and I thinking everyone should do something like this at least once in a lifetime.At the end of the battle wear your medal and fuzzy hat proudly, you've done it!I finished, I'm a WarriorI just wanted to echo the comments that have been made about the mud pit in this year's race--you can throw your time out the window because it probably took me at least 10-15 minutes between the wait to get into the pit and amount of time it took to trudge through it.  Literally multiple times I couldn't move my arms or legs at all...someone mentioned that it was borderline dangerous and I agree.  I could tell some people were kind of freaking out because there was a sense that you might not be able to make it out.  It felt like what I would imagine quicksand would be like.  That, and the insanely long, poorly marked lines to pick up the packets were my only complaints, though.  They changed the obstacles up quite a bit from last year, which was nice.  It would have been nice to have more water stations on the course, also.This was our first Obstacle course race! I must say I expected the worst, so it turned out to be much easier than we thought. I will gladly attribute this to being in better shape! We had the 1:15pm run. We got there at 11:30, had to make a long check in line as well as gear check. We had time to walk around a bit and use the bathroom and then it was time. We ran about a mile before we got to the first obstacle, then they were more closely spread. Some were pretty challenging. They had two points where we could get water, I wish they had a third, as I found myself pretty thirst ad dehydrated from running in the sun  for so long. Alot of the running was in wooded area, which gave us a wonderful breeze and exciting run. My favorite obstacle was the last one, the "Goliath". It was fun and exciting and all I can say is close your mouth! After we were done we were able to take a group shot all muddied up. Get sprayed off and best we could, claim our free beer and get a Turkey leg, it was so good! My motivation during the run! I can not wait til our next run! This is such a fun experience! Also happy that Warrior dash raises funds for St. Judes, all in all I def feel it is all worth it!Great service and awesome flavors!There's a new truck in town!  And they serve.... Snowballs?WTF are snowballs?Sorry, I'm an east coast girl and I've never heard that term before.  But from what I gather (based on the two snowballs we ordered), they are pretty much snow cones with a cuter name.  Maybe I'm wrong.Anyway, they were parked outside of Bass Pro on a painfully hot Saturday.  Lured by the promise of a frozen treat I made a beeline straight for the truck and met an incredibly friendly owner.  I went with the recommendation of the root beer float flavor (one I was already considering) and added a scoop of ice cream for an extra $1.  I was leery of the idea of ice cream, but what fun is life if you don't take any risks?  Risks that involve ice cream?I have to say that the ice cream made it for me.  As odd as it sounds it turned out to be a delicious frozen root beer float with sweet vanilla ice cream, chunks of ice, and root beer.  Trust me, it works.My only complaint is that I wish the ice was shaved finer.  It's pretty coarse in texture and has a lot of crunch.  But maybe that's the way snowballs are supposed to be?My husband ordered some special that was named after Spiderman (the nerd couldn't resist- he didn't even look at the ingredients in it).  It had a flavor similar to a snow cone you would get from the ice cream man when you were little, except this one has some chocolate too.  I didn't care for the chocolate in it, but my husband did it and that's all that mattered.An inexpensive way to cool off in this terrible, awful heat plus it's owned by some really sweet people.  Make a stop if you see their truck!Great staff. Right now they have organic hot apple cider; YUM! Snoballs are great as well.on a hot day at a yelp event of course im gonna try a travlin sno ball truck lol! on recommendation i had the super awesome rootbeer float and it was indeed awesome! it was a rootbeer float and snocone all in one! loved the owner very personable! thanks!As luck would have it, we spotted this fun & colorful truck right outside "Outdoor World" in Silverton. There was a tiny crowd surrounding it, so as human nature would have it, we were curious as to what it was all about. Oooooh, shaved ice. Awesome! Root beer, shaved ice? Whoa, even better! The customer service is great! Everything is explained...I can't remember any of it, but I felt assured that if I had any questions, she would be more than happy to answer them. My youngest son had a banana split shaved ice which weirded him out because it wasn't really a banana split--it's shaved ice! What? He took his first bite & nodded his head & all was well. ;-) My 10 year old loves sorbet so he went for the fruity shaved ice & enjoyed it. The husby & I shared...wait for it...yup! The root beer shaved ice. Really good, but after awhile, it got too sweet for me so the husby had the rest (he not-so-secretly loved that I basically gave up). The ice cream sandwich was delicious too. My only complaint is that it was fairly pricey...almost $30.00 for 2 medium shaved icees, 1 large one & an ice cream sandwich. Phew! But it's a special treat & we're not from the area (not even from the State)...so despite the burn on the wallet, we had to give it a try.Love their yummy donut holes, PB&J and Smores.  Yumm!  Since it is "Sin City Snoballs",  you must have a snow drink with the ice cream treat in the middle, "Titos Hawaiian" is pretty tasty on a hot day!  Try their Belgium Cocoa, so rich, but so good on a crisp evening.  Definitely can't be on a diet when you're visiting this food truck!  :)These mini donuts were just the right amount of sweetness to indulge in at the end of our retail binge and walk through the Las Vegas Premium Outlets. We tried the Strawberry Cheesecake and French Toast (maple & bacon!! Who can say no to that?!) Made fresh and great price for a good amount.  yumm! We'll be sure to try the other flavors next time!This is the local auto parts store, and I have used this location more then a few times! They have had everything I needed, and if they don't they can always get it for you! You can also bring your used oil to be recycled! Great service, nice people, and at time very knowledgeable. My favorite thing about this place, I don't have to buy special tools! I can borrow them from O'Riellys, saves a lot of money. I will continue to use this location!Real Estate School of Nevada definitely prepares you for the PSI exam. I, personally, took the online only courses. In addition, they provide seminars (free food!) to help you with the exam as well as jumpstart your career. I paid $300 for the entire course which also included books. They give you 3 books, I believe. 1-National Real Estate, 1-State Real Estate, 3-State Law for Real Estate. If you take the physical classes, I imagine you would just need to read briefly on the subjects. However, for the online courses, I did not feel that they were sufficient. All in all, if you just read the materials provided and take some practice tests, which one of the books provide, you should be golden. In regards to helpfulness, the school thoroughly prepared me for the exam. They have people who are readily available to help. If you're passionate or at least really interested in the real estate field, Real Estate School of Nevada is the way to get started.The only con with attending most real estate schools in Las Vegas is that they ONLY prepare you for the exam. That is the only reason why this school is missing a star. They do not really help you with the actual occupation. However, the seminars do give you a glimpse of what to expect in the field. It would behoove you to find an experienced and active real estate salesperson or broker to be your mentor.Just passed my NV Salesperson exams at PSI today. Many thanks to the Real Estate School of Nevada for facilitating this. Their curriculum was good, the teachers were good to great and overall they provided the flexibility that I was looking for.I did both Live and Online modules. I have to say, live is great if you get the right instructor. Some instructors like to go off on tangents that are completely unrelated to PSI. No doubt everyone was friendly in their own way. The online videos are a little dry but to the point. The school's final examination is incredibly difficult, but if you can pass that you can pass the PSI with no issue. It's great if you sign up online, but I would highly recommend going into the school to register because you get more detailed information than you do from online. Registration was so simple... you go in, give them your Groupon, and they have you fill out a form. A couple hours later you get an e mail with your log in information. They give you a schedule of the classes for the month which is easy to follow and some important tips of the steps that you need to take to complete the licensure process.I am not sure why it was so difficult for some people to contact the school for the exam or that they even had to take an exam. Its pretty much all spelled out in the introductory materials. I called the school up and scheduled my exam in less than 20 seconds. I deducted a star for the inconsistent instructors and for the online modules. The videos seem a little old and difficult to read the slides. The slides do follow the book exactly which helped because some of the slides were really blurry.They give you an online PDF version of the book and offer to sell you the books for some outrageous price, so I did what I did in my college days and went to Amazon where I found them at a fraction of the cost. I'm not deducting any stars for this because every school under the sun does this (even CSN which also offers Real Estate classes). You need to learn to be resourceful which I think is essential to being a successful salesperson anyway.The book has tests at the end of the chapters to help you demonstrate your knowledge and in the appendix there are 3 practice tests to help you be successful for your final exam. The book still has the HUD-1 which we don't use anymore but that is a very recent change so I am not going to hold that against anyone. Your broker will get you up to speed and HUD-1 is still on PSI.Overall a good experience. The price for this class is great... especially if you get it on LivingSocial or Groupon. Kaplan was upward of $300 and same with CSN. Some other schools make you buy extra courses and will give you back your money after you complete the courses and sign up with the firm sponsoring the school. This place is sponsored by Wardley but the instructor made it very clear to go to a firm where you feel comfortable and that is a right fit. They did their standard 15 minute talk at the beginning of one of the classes but that was it.This is truly a phenomenal and so simple form of hair removal. It literally involves a mere piece of thread. No waxes, no mess, virtually no pain, no residues, no post plucking, no redness. I highly recommend this to anyone that regularly has eyebrows waxed or plucked. This establishment only does threading, but is not limited to just brows. Chin, face, sideburns, and neck can also be done. Eyebrows Are just $10! There is also a rewards card that gets stamped every time you come in for a service. Buy 9, get the 10th for free. Not limited to the same service, so this also a great deal. Highly recommend!I had getting my eyebrows done on my to-do list for the past week and even though I get an amazing shape at the place I usually go to, I have some doubts about their cleanliness and wanted to try out a new place. After dinner this evening I yelped eyebrows in the Tempe Marketplace and Ibrow Threading was still open at 8pm. It's a little unclear where the location was, so I gave them a call and she said it's just below Cadillac Ranch, across from Dave and Buster's. I headed over with my friend and it's a small little shop with one lady at the front. I let her know that I was just looking to have my eyebrows shaped and cleaned up and she went to work. This was my first time and the threading was nearly painless, much more so than waxing. There was a couple of times I felt a small pinch, but otherwise it didn't feel like much was going on. After a couple minutes she handed me a mirror to take a look and my eyebrows were good as new. Considering that this place is a lot closer than where I went previously, and because I appreciate threading as opposed to adding more chemicals to my face, this will be my go-to spot.I just went yesterday for my third time... Unfortunately I have a lot of peach fuzz and also a lot of baby hairs that grew out crazy cause I decided to use those little facial hair razor thingamajigs... Sunita did a great job cleaning up my entire face. My skin looks a bit clearer and my makeup goes on way better after the first day. I only give it 4 stars cause she tends to over-thread a wee bit too much on the inside of my left brow by the nose. Other than that, I always leave satisfied and recommend her to anyone as it's less painful than waxing or plucking!I've been going here the past few months and the first few times I was impressed because people are always thinning them out or leaving them too thick. My brows have a natural arch but I like to get them cleaned up. So I was excited to find someone who did them the way I wanted them to look. However the last few times I've gone, when I ask to have them cleaned up, they tend to look clean between the brows and underneath but there's no prominent shape. So now I know that I must be specific in saying to shape and clean but not too thin and don't leave them thick. Also I noticed that one lady threads too much on my left brow leaving it slightly indented too much from my nose.... so I have to fill them in daily, which in all honesty, I don't like having to do if I don't need to. The other lady I've had tends to cut my right lid. Not sure if it's because she goes so fast or I'm not stretching it enough... but she's done it twice. Afraid to try someone new since they are not too far from where I live. But I'll have to give someone else a go. Still a pretty decent place and inexpensive.This is the only place I go to for eyebrow threading. I have even tried "authentic" threading places in Indian plazas and was reminded to go where I knew the product!  There is a young girl there that always does an amazing job and takes the time to clean up with tweezers and trimmers. It is on par pricing wise with other threading places and it is very easy to walk in and walk out in a reasonable amount of time. Find the employee that works for you and go back when she's there because technique and style vary. It is hidden next to the Victoria's Secret in Tempe Marketplace.Nice and tucked away at good old Tempe Marketplace! Great service here. The lady was very gentle, yet effective. Will be back again soon!I'm really particular about how I like my eyebrows and really like coming here. I started coming here about 8 months ago and have never had a problem. Its quick and easy to get to and I like that they have a punch card for regulars.I go here all the time for my brows! If you can, see Senita. She is awesome and very nice. She is a bit rough when she threads but she gets it done right. Just explain everything to her in the beginning and she will do it how you like. She basically runs the shop because I've never seen the owner there once! Hands down only reason I go is because of how good Senita is at threading.Quick, friendly and accurate service- what more could you want! The location is a bit hard to find and can be very warm in the summer as the north wall facing the sun is all glass. I won't lie, the place could use a serious paint job and new carpeting. All being cosmetic- I would still recommend it to a friend. They give discounts for students and offer a stamp card for savings.Affordable $10 for a great brow threading, nice location. Clean salon, great pricing, and most importantly they shape your brows brilliantly. I'm knocking a star off because they have no music and it was kind of awkwardly

of the Strip right into Planet Hollywood where they have the "Miracle Mile" shopping center.Stayed at the hotel had to try it.  Read a lot of reviews. Not disappointed but dinner was missing the WOW factor. For 69.00 per person I was looking to be amazed.  The reviews said to try the breakfast.  Have to say. Absolutely perfect. Everything you can ask for and then some.Enjoyed this buffet each day we stayed at the Bellagio. Breakfast was probably my favorite time to go!! From the omelette to the biscuits and gravy to the French toast. Was good!All things considered, The Buffet gets a 4 in my books for the following: 1) VALUE. For ~$33 during dinner time for a buffet with seafood, this is a pretty good deal. For the two of us during a weekday dinner, we paid roughly $75 total. Now compare this to the Ceasers, who charges about $60 per person. We aren't the wealthiest people, so we stuck to what was the more realistic option for us. I must say, it was a gamble because paying $33 for subpar seafood would have been awful. Luckily, their seafood rocked!2) SALMON & TUNA NIGIRI. They had the freshest salmon and tuna nigiri- so juicy and thick. It doesn't even matter if they 'pack the rice' in the nigiri because you can just make it into the sashimi by setting aside the rice. They also have salmon and tuna poke (cubes of marinated salmon & tuna)3) KING CRAB LEGS. Keep an eye out for those king crab legs. They also have regular snow crab legs, but the king crab legs have so much meat and just taste so much better. Both crab legs were always fully stocked. They cut the crab legs in half so it is easier to eat. I appreciated that! The melted butter is located in the soup section. It took us a few minutes to locate it. 4) MEAT. They had the Kobe cuts available that I found to be very tasty. I complemented the dish with their mashed potatoes and asparagus. No other pairings needed! 5) DESSERT. Holy moly, their dessert really topped off this meal just right for us. Their chocolate dome thing, coffee tiramisu, creme brulee, fruit tart, and ice cream with cookie were all so delightful. Order a tea or coffee to top off the experience. I wouldn't give 5 because everything outside of the list above was not that great. They had some hot Asian dishes with rice and Chicken tiki masala, but they just weren't that tasty. This was fine with me though since I came in with the expectation of eating a lot of seafood (ie, crab legs and sushi). If you're looking to tap into a buffet for the reasons listed above, The Buffet at Bellagio is the place for you!This review is for the breakfast/brunch buffet. We actually wanted to eat at the Bellagio Cafe, but the line was so long, so we came to the buffet instead. They had a wide variety of food for breakfast/brunch.  There was a made to order omelette station, sausage, mini pancakes, bacon, eggs, bakery treats, etc.  They had lavender watermelon, which tasted ok.  Everything tasted good.  Our waitress was nice and brought us our drinks and cleared our plates for us.  It was $19.99 for brunch on a Monday and we came here for our last meal before leaving Vegas later in the evening.Great food but prepare for a long wait. Service could be better but overall food & experience was good. I always bring my family here.We came here on Thursday evening.   Of course it was near closing time, as our timing was off from watching GSW at MGM and catching a glimpse of the Bellagio Fountains. So we had 40 minutes to eat and get outta here.  The cutoff was 10:20 p.m. Food = delicious!  Highlights: Chilean sea bass with miso sauce, osso bucco (pork), Kobe beef and prime rib fried rice.  They had some good Chinese food (gai lan!), meat carving station, rotisserie chicken, made-to-order taco station, large selection of seafood (including snow crab legs and crawfish).   Unfortunately, sushi wasn't impressive, as the rice was heavy and hard (I tried a roll) and the fish (nigiri) looked like it had been sitting way too long.  (Perhaps it was the lateness.)  Although the Hijiki seaweed salad was delicious!   Pizza was great, especially when it came out fresh out of the oven.  And of course, the salad bar is great, too.  (I have no idea why, but I always want salad.)   Plenty to choose from, with quality ingredients. Desserts... lots to choose from. The chocolate dome and tiramisu were good.  They have soft serve, too. Drinks (non-alcoholic) are included.  Order when you're at the table.  Service = friendly.  They were attentive with the drinks, cleared off the dirty plates and provided us with ample napkins.   Prices = $34.99 for dinner buffet, Monday to Thursday. (It goes up to $39.99 for Friday through Sunday. And there are other prices for Chef's Table, Gourmet dinner, lunch, breakfast and weekend brunch.  They also offer an option of unlimited Margaritas, Bloody Marys, sparkling wine or beer for $12.99, for those in the mood for drinking.)Overall, I'd say that this is a good place to go for a decent buffet without breaking the bank.Mimosas!! Worth the money! We drank our morning away... Great service!! Bacon was mouth watering and I personally loved the corn beef hash...Not so many choices for my taste...not into seafood i only eat shrimp .Loved the pork saussage,the cheese tortelini and chicken pasta.bread good sweets very good lots of choices,my other guests enjoyed the meat and seafood alot! Big lines the ladys not so friendly at the cashier our "waiter" very niceI totally in love with this buffet! This is definitely one of the better buffets in LV (maybe top 3?). We went at 5pm for dinner to beat the crowd and I'm glad we did because by 6 there was a huge line that looked like at least a 30 min wait. Dinner was $35/person (includes beverages).One of the reasons why I fell in love with this buffet was their amazing seafood and dessert offerings. Here were some of my favorites that they served as of 05/10/2015:Seafood paella

Get there early though... around 10:30pm if you want to get a seat stress-free, cause it gets PACKED!It was a Sunday night when we were here and this place was packed!! It was nice and clean. We sat up at the bar and got our drinking started!! Not expensive for drinks they had some great beers on draft also. We did a few apps mid way through the night and they hit the spot. We walked around and played some slots and won a little! We really had a lot of fun here!!Nice casino. Low roller but walked away with $70If you haven't tried BAD BINGO yet, what are you waiting for??? Total blast!! Only down side is when someone other than you calls out BINGO!!!  DJ's Dance Floor, Laser Lights, and so much more!! Check out Bad Bingo Sat nights @ 11:30pmWanna have a good time???  Of course you do!!!This casino packs a good punch for its smallish size.  A decent number of tables, and slots with a slightly better then I expected payout.  I also noticed the BAD Bingo ads, and think my next trip back will have to include some games!!!As for the drinks, they were nice and generous!!!  The restaurants looked like they would be worth a taste test too.Although I live way up in the northwest part of the Valley, I certainly be making a return trip soon!!!I must say this is one gorgeous establishment! When you walk into Lone Butte you can literally feel revitalizing energy throughout the building. Instead of being smacked in the face with the smell of disgusting smoke you're able to take the entire atmosphere in (their filtration system is second to none). The Cascade Lounge often has Karaoke where decent vocalist come out to show off their skills. The food court area is relatively cheap, although there is a sit down restaurant that I've been meaning to try. If you sit at the slots long enough, someone will walk around and give you a complimentary soft drink (my dad was a little pissed it wasn't alcohol- but hey this isn't Vegas! lol). Slot Machines are plenteous although on some night it can be hard to get a seat at the Wheel of Fortune. Plenty of tables for cards and on Friday nights they even offer Bingo After Dark for only $10. This is definitely a great place to have fun and for cheap if you don't get sucked into the slots, lol!We go there alot...it's so close. Love to eat at Cafe 24/7! Get my frap and play a while. We go for the food, music and of course gambling. It has B.A.D Bingo Sat and now B.A.D 2 Bingo on Fri. Haven't been yet but I hear it's great! Gets crowded so go early. It's good and smallish. Great to sit at bar and listen to music. There really isn't a designated dance floor but people can, encouraged, by the middle of the bar. I'm not comfortable with it.All in all, great place : )This place was crazy packed on a recent Friday night visit. We never been here but me and my girlfriend both walked away with more money than we came in with from playing Blackjack and I'm sure in everyone's book that equals a good night! I been driving past this place on the 202 since it opened and I figured it was huge based on the gigantic signage along the freeway, but it was a lot smaller than expected. I still like  Wild Horse Pass Casino better but this place is clean, pretty well ventilated to protect it's guests from all the smoking inside and looks pretty awesome at night from the outside and inside. I also learned at this spot that night that drinks at casinos are not always free. What the....  Well I guess every place can't be like Vegas.I don't care what anyone says-Bingo is awesome.And not this sissy Bingo where you stare at a computer screen and watch the numbers light up. The key to a really amazing Bingo experience is to daub.I went to Lone Butte Casino in south Chandler night to try to win some moolah, since they have two Bingo sessions per Friday, including one at 6:30 p.m. Friday night Bingo is packed, and I heard some people get there as early as 4 p.m. to get in line. I arrived around 6:15 p.m. and still managed to get a seat, but I'd recommend getting there at 6 p.m. at the latest, since the lines get huge.At Lone Butte, Bingo lasts until 10 p.m., and you play about 15 games. Packages start at $27, and the bigger packages you buy, the bigger the pay-out. Yes, you can stare at a computer, but it is so much more fun to daub (put ink on tangible Bingo cards.)And don't worry if you've never played before-there are plenty of attendants walking around to help, and the crowd has been super-friendly the past couple times I went.That's another awesome part of Bingo-making friends with the people around you. You might be the youngest person there, but it's still super-fun!BAD Bingo was a blast and the place was clean. Not somewhere I would go outside the Bingo room though.Good air flow on the floor. Doesn't feel super smokey like most other casinos in the area. Smaller too and like other casinos, can get crowded on Saturday nights. Played BAD Bingo and had a blast with my family for my 30th birthday - didn't win but still had tons of fun!Stopped in here for Bingo during a recent vacation in the area (first tried my luck at their sister casino, Vee Quiva -- do not recommend this for non-smokers)Nicer and cleaner than Vee Quiva.Ventilation system is great -- doesn't feel as smoky as others in the area (Vee Quiva) Went for BINGO and loved it --- super large room, non-smoking section (although not closed off as we are used to here in California, but sufficient enough).  I think they have 2 sessions each day --went to the evening session and didn't have problems finding a seat even though we were a bit late. Like Vee Quiva, Bingo is cash only -- and you don't earn many points with the players card.  I bought the smallest package an only earned 6 points (in CA, we earn just about 1 point per dollar we spend).4 stars because slots machines were pretty packed by the time Bingo was over. Had to wait for a machine unless I wanted to play dollars, so ended up just leaving.  Food court next to the bingo hall -- Nathans Hot Dog Stand (DELICIOUS and cheap), Quizno's, deli place and pizza.   I used valet here as well so not sure how the parking situation is. Wouldn't hesitate to return again if I am in the area.Best B.A.D. bingo! They have the usual lights and music, but they also have some very entertaining staff that conduct games/contests before the bingo starts and they have great drink specials. The only downside is that It's always busy so get there early and be prepared to wait in line.We went for the BAD Bingo and was not disappointed! It was a great way to spend a Saturday night! This was my first time ever playing bingo and I was surprisingly  entertained! Lone Butte had a great DJ, awesome lights, and it was lots of fun! I never had the chance to yell bingo but i still had a ton of fun! Our group did the digital bingo where the game plays itself and you do not have to worry about it, it is the only way I would play!it was extremely crowded when we showed up and we had to wait in line for about 30 minutes, I guess that is to expected when there is lot of people trying to play. I would defiantly go back for bingo well worth it!It's an experience. To recognize people's faces after a hard day of work all waiting for the casino to return them luck. What a way to spend your life in Arizona.

The festival ran from 10am-6pm, rain or shine. I arrived @ 11:30am to a very long and slow moving entry line. There were no separate lines for VIP or prepaid customers (There should've been), so those of us with tickets were stuck in the same line with those who needed to purchase tickets. After @ 1/2 hour of waiting, I was near the front and one of the workers yelled out asking if anyone had Groupon tickets. I moved towards her and she also accepted my Amazon ticket via my smartphone. But then she had to cross-reference it to a name list, and since I have a billion names (darn Latinas!) I was left waiting while they searched. At one point one of the organizers who was supposed to be helping me turned to me and was like, "May I help you?" She'd forgotten about me! Nonetheless, I was finally given my VIP wristband and guided where to go next.Once inside, I picked up my VIP goody bag and tshirt at one table. Another table hosted the box for the raffle tickets. (Winners will be announced on their Facebook page.) From there you're free to explore at your leisure.

Get a "Aloha Card" and receive a stamp for every $5 spent, 20 stamps gets you free Cookies! Also sign up for the ''Pineapple ERewards'' where you will get special offers throughout the year including one for your Birthday.I love pineapples so these cute little pineapple shaped cookies quickly grabbed my attention.

- Free valet parking is available for Pizza Rock directly across the street at the Downtown Grand casino.

3. Menu varietyThis place is a diamond in rough. It's got class and appeals to a variety of appetites, tucked away in the heart of downtown Tempe (party central), yet it's got a private feel or rural-ness. It's a little expensive, however, I've been known to turn the other cheek with price/value issues, when bribed with good hospitality, a memorable experience, and good coffee :)The fire place is a nice touch.Loved the location at atmosphere of this place!  Had a very nice business dinner here last night.  We were able to sit outside thanks to the gorgeous weather, and I'd recommend this to anyone.  The houses inside have their charm, but al fresco dining is great!  We had a few drinks at the bar before we started dinner - they have a fairly nice wine by the glass list, as well as a nice stocked bar.  Something for everyone!The menu contained lots of delicious choices, and it was hard to choose.  Ended up going with Hapuku, which was a new-to-me fish from New Zealand, similar to grouper.  It was delicious - tender, flaky, and the earthy vegetables with it were a nice complement.We had very polite service, though not well-timed.  I like when plates are cleared all at once for people, instead of taking plates at the table away when others are eating.  OR, bringing the bill before we've finished dessert.  Both of these happened here.Wow! This was a great find! Thanks fellow Yelpers for pointing me in the right direction. I had the lunch special, an incredible sweet potato and goat cheese gratin with grilled chicken (phenomenal)! My husband had the grilled chicken sandwich and our lunch companion had the chicken club - both said their meals were outstanding!Highly recommend!Very good food.  I have eaten here several times and have had no complaints with their execution.  Really nice patio area secluded in trees and shade with a full service bar in the middle.  Great place for lunch.  One of Tempe's gems.Ok, so I discussed it with my dad, and decided to give this place four stars ( I was going to give it five stars, but he convinced me that it wasn't 'special' enough to get five stars and then I decided that I would need to go again before making that decision. Anyway, I met my dad here for lunch yesterday at around 11:30 and the place had some customers, but wasn't crazy busy. We sat outside, and that was very nice. We decided to split the caesar salad with chicken and the chicken sandwich with the goat cheese and fig jam. The caesar was really good, the dressing tasted excellent and was tossed perfectly, and the chicken was also very flavorful, but the whole thing still had a light quality to it. It was tasty. The sandwich was also very good. I could taste each ingredient, which I like, the bread was good, crispy but soft at the same time, and the combo of flavors was really great. Also, the service was excellent, my water was never empty. So I would most definitely come back here. I just think I need to try dinner here and some more complex dishes than what I got before I can give it five stars, but honestly, as far as sandwich places go, I liked this very much, better than pane bianco.The scallops appetizer are AMAZING, actually everything was amazing. The food and service were great, no complaints. The atmosphere was very nice as well. It is a great date spot to take that special someone. I recommend trying this place if you have not already!This is a cute place to dine on a nice afternoon when the weather is bearable outside. Nestled inside a tree (so it seems) is a friendly service restaurant with a unique and relaxing dining atmosphere; from the huge outdoor fire pit to the bar inside a second tree! The food was delish and they actually put real rasberries inside my ice tea!! Amazing!!!Great food, beautiful restaurant, slow service.Went here with a group, it's a beautiful restaurant and the menu and food are great. My only complaint was very slow service. Also, we ordered a starter and never got it and had to ask for it again...since the waiter forgot. A forgiveable offense since all of the food was amazing.House of Tricks was a frequent on my rotation when I worked in this area. I love the ambiance this historic house provides and in a way that makes me forget that I'm in the heart of a college town. House of Tricks slightly reminds me of a restaurant I'd find in Berkley, CA or LA. It's charming, open and has plenty of seating outside. The food here is basic luncheon food such as tasty sandwiches. My favorite go-to sandwich when I visit is the Tuna. The sandwiches are hefty but it's really about the atmosphere when I visit. I will always remember the time I was eating lunch with my sister when the red hat ladies (a group here in Phoenix) walked in and overtook the restaurant. They were so cute in their red hats and they really made me realize that the House of Tricks is your quintessential "ladies who lunch" restaurant to Tempe. I suggest that everyone tries this absolutely charming restaurant for lunch sometime.Delicious sandwiches, salads, and burgers for lunch.  In addition to the standard sodas you would find as non-alcoholic refreshments, they have a great iced tea that is made with muddled fresh raspberries.  I had the special for the day which was the salmon burger.  It was quite possibly the best salmon burger I've had.  It was clearly made with fresh salmon, made from scratch, rather than a mass-produced patty found in the freezer section.  The salmon itself was tender, and flavorful.  I also tried some of the fruit and chicken salad, which was equally good, and very refreshing.The only thing I wasn't too thrilled about was that it seemed like there was no A/C in the restaurant, and that the only cooling system they had were ceiling fans, which makes for a very warn environment, especially in the heat of summer!I went here last night with a friend of mine after a long break of simply forgetting how close House of Tricks was located to me. The ambiance and table setup strike a nice mix of casual and refinement. you're going to be comfortable there whoever you are. The server Jessica was a pleasure and seemed to guess right that I was on a date, so she acted accordingly which was a nice touch...you know, adding a little more formality and checking in frequently with suggestions to the wine and drink list. She suggested the green thing and freaky squirrel for cocktails and they were both very good. We had the pork belly appetizer which was very tender and complimented the large bread basket well. We skipped getting a salad which was good idea because the entrees were surprisingly large cuts of meat. I had the Grilled Beef Tenderloin which was exceptional. I suggest when the server asks you how you want it cooked, to just let the chef decide at a place like this. It was perfect. The other entree was the double pork chops still on the bone and it was beyond tender and flavorful. Easily the best pork chop I've tasted and my date couldn't finish it all if that gives you an idea on the portion. Both were served with mashed potatoes and asparagus. The asparagus was cooked properly but the mashed potatoes could probably have used some cream in them, not bad but i'm picky on simple sides like that. The biggest thumbs up I can give is that the steak arrived hot. If you get steaks/cuts of meat at restaurants, you know this to be one of the most anticipated moments and i'm usually very disappointed, but not this time. The food was promptly brought and it makes a difference. The biggest let down of the meal was the dessert, We ordered the doughnuts and they were more like flavorless hush puppies. A bit too dense and overcooked, these doughnuts just didn't do it for me but my date seemed to enjoy them. The desserts at other people's tables looked really good and the remorse of not getting the peanut butter infused treat also probably played a part in my not loving the doughnuts. The price is pretty much on par with any upscale steak place, while some people might not understand that given the location is an older house setting, you have to embrace that you're paying for the peace of mind that you're not in a cheesy setting and you're still getting 4-5 star service and food. That's a big deal if you're a foodie or appreciate what matters in my opinion. That being said, If you're showing up for dinner and you plan on having a few drinks, you should probably be prepared to spend around $130 or so. Pretty reasonable considering your only other option in the area is cafe boa for something similar. Again, props to the server, Jessica- she was really helpful and fun. I considered a 5 star review, but decided to hold off until another visit to confirm how much i enjoyed dinner.I liked House of Tricks from the get go when the hostess let us be choosy with where we sat on the patio. They have a great selection of signature drinks. I went along with our servers recommendation the Green Thing and my date got the Frisky Squirrel. We were both happy with our choices. I loooooove pork belly, and their appetizer was delicious. It was a smaller portion which made it hard to share because I wanted it all! I followed with the pork chop and he got the beef tenderloin. Again, we were not disappointed. For dessert we ordered the donuts which were probably my least favorite part of the meal. Not bad, but not great.Our server was attentive and helpful and I really liked the atmosphere. I will definitely be back.Wow. Great food, service and atmosphere. Cheese plate, shorts ribs, and bread quite good.This is certainly one of the better places in Tempe and the courtyard area is quite a nice place if the weather isn't crazy hot. I ate lunch here and I was impressed with how one of the managers was educating the staff about the wine specials for the day and he had an impressive knowledge of many things that just aren't generally imparted to wait staff at most places (he went off into detail about microbes in the soil of South Africa giving wine certain flavors etc).   I enjoyed the flank steak I got for lunch except it was a very small portion and flank steak just isn't the best cut of meat to do very much with.  I inspected the dinner menu and it looked to have some very promising items on it that would certainly be worth checking out but the prices increased substantially for the dinner entrees.  I certainly think this would be a great place just to enjoy some great wine with friends.I like the unique atmosphere of this place. but I don't like the space inside, quite cramped to accommodate their guests who like to be there..outside seems nicer than inside, but the day I visited there was very cold.The big amount of food is good to share with your friends. and quite "OKAY" wine list.   It will be GREAT if you could go with your friends or family in the nice weather.This is a great location both for lunch or for dinner when you want to impress someone, whether a date or your mom! The food is amazing and I love that the menu changes a few times a year. The service is not the best but the atmosphere definitely makes up for it!Went for a business lunch and had the banh mi which was very good. The waiter wasn't very attentive, but overall, I would recommend.I've eaten at HOT for a holiday party as well as for dinner. Filet mignon was perfectly cooked on both occasions. The warm bread with "special" butter is a great starter.Patio setting is great. Pretty garden with overgrown trees.Excellent service.This place is just adorable and fantastic. Surprised the wonderful bf here for his bday dinner and they had us seated in a nice little romantic corner in the garden :) Everything we had was soo good and we really enjoyed the fruit and cheese platter they have as an appetizer and went awesome with our champagne :)  The menu is creative and from what I hear does change often which is very cool. Can't wait to go back!House of Tricks is located near ASU, surrounded by the hustle and bustle of the college town and the famous Mill Ave. You'd never expect to find a quaint and classy restaurant in the midst of crazy college life.  It has a garden-like patio space which also houses a fire place to keep its guests warm during some of the chilly Arizona nights.  The restaurant serves a mixture of Euro and Asian cuisine with obvious French preparation techniques.  With all the influence, I guess that's why it's labeled "American", because it's a melting pot.   The menu changes every season based on availability of fresh ingredients.  Supplement your meal with a wide selection of wine. During our visit in the summer, they had an Ahi-Tuna, its wrapped in bacon and dressed in a miso based glazed. This probability will raise some eyebrows at first, until that first bite. The combination works really well.  The tender texture of the Ahi-Tuna complimented the smoky and salty flavor of the bacon.  The miso horseradish glazes is just what the dished needed to bring the flavors together.   Also on the summer menu was the tenderloin, cooked medium rare with a bacon-fig gastrique. The steak was cooked spot on. The bacon-fig gastrique was just a perfect balance of sweet and sour taste, complementing the meat. All of the ingredient was fresh; the servers are friendly and for the most part knowledgeable of the food.  The price is on the higher side with an average entre costing over $30. However they do serve an amazing lunch menu at a very reasonable price, a perfect spot to enjoy lunch and the AZ sun under the garden patio.Come out the quaint French influence restaurant and try all their seasonal dishes, you won't be disappointed.  I went back a few times afterwards and was able to get great results.i been there a few times for lunch n i gotta say the food is awesome, i had the asian bbq chicken sandwich with the pickle veggies n i got in love :) the restaurant decor is very nice it makes you feel like you were at grandmas house, the patio seating is amazing when the weather gets nice .... i cant wait to go n try dinner.Our annual Christmas gift ornament was held  at the House of Tricks.  I loved the outside patio.  6 of us sat near a heat lamp and it was perfect.  The service was a little slow and she refilled one of our drinks wrong, but that is OK.  She fixed it right away.  I ordered the Oven Roasted Turkey Club (Brown Sugar Bacon, Tomato, Avocado, Havarti, and Honey-Dijonaise) on Sourdough served with Tri-Color Pasta Salad.  The sandwich was great, especially the crunch of the brown sugar bacon.  YUM!  The Tri-Color Pasta Salad was ok, because it had onions.  Not too fond of onions.  Overall it is 3-1/2 stars, but the patio seating bumped it up to 4 stars.Sometimes when you work to fast you get a better result than you expected.  My husband and I were headed to see the Insight Bowl and watch our alma mater.  We had some friends in town and were meeting some people.  He asked me to "yelp" something on Mill about 1 minute before we left for the game.  So, we headed to House of Tricks thinking it was going to be a really great bar.... maybe a coyote ugly type place given the name!  However, this place is like going to an excellent attorney named Bambi. We were amazed by the atmosphere cute house, super patio, and very elegant with linen table clothes.  The service was very helpful, thanks Ben.  So, when we began to order we didn't want a three course meal.  So we ordered for seven of us a few entrees to split.  We had Korean ribs, pumpkin goat cheese ravioli, a cheese plate, and two of their pizzas (note you can only order these in the bar).  Then I asked Ben if we were missing anything and he said the pork loin was very good.  Ummmm, it was the best I have ever had.  It was cooked to perfection with a nice fruit compote over blue cheese bacon scalloped potatoes.  Really, one of the best meals I have had in Phoenix.  I see House of Tricks moving up to a five star for me.  I just couldn't commit on the first visit.The menu is creative and absolutely delish. I love the service and ambiance as well.  I frequent for lunch and dinner and have never had a substandard meal.  A bit pricey but that is relative. Both Pres Obama and I love this place but don't let that keep you from dining here.  Great for schmoozing clients (...or politicians). ;-D   Just gotta try it.Tricks has made a name for itself based on quality dishes and prime date-night atmosphere. I came for my first visit during happy hour on a Thursday with a group of coworkers. We sat at a table near the outdoor bar and I positively love the patio. What a gorgeous view. It has a lovely feeling about it, and it's relaxed. For happy hour, they have a drink menu with some exquisite, albeit, pricey choices. I chose a Frisky Squirrel or something of a similar silly name and it definitely boasts a tasty, fresh ginger flavor. We also ordered some bites from the 4-6 p.m. Monday-Saturday menu: pizza with fennel sausage (for $3 more), chicken wings, bruschetta with goat cheese, and mussels. HOLY MACKEREL, the mussels came in a scrumptious broth that we all fought after-- there was a tomato, fishy, sodium-licious broth that they came in and we dunked our extra pieces of bread in it until the bowl was dry.  The bruschetta? Perfectly acceptable. The pizza? I have some qualms. I could have made this pizza myself. There was nothing special about it-- the sausage was baked in the cheese on top of the pizza, which would make Bianco cringe, and drowned the fennel flavor in cheese and tomatoes. Meh. The chicken wings were the perfect mix of baked and flavorful goodness. I highly recommend ordering these. I would come back for a nice date or a happy hour again and I am really excited to finally enjoy this Tempe gem.The restaurant was pricey, but each bite of food was tastier than the last. The 4 people in our party claimed they would order exactly the same thing next time, they love it so much. (salmon, roast chicken {sounds pedestrian, don't you believe it}, pork loin, and filet mignon) The delicious spring mix salad included a dollop of goat cheese I wanted to main line. We were too full for dessert so I have no idea the quality of them.

*was that guy wearing an Expos cap?* cafe au lait is in a huge cupGood brunch spot.Tasty and quality ingredients make this place a good spot for brunch. Affordable, too. Service gets pretty slow on weekends, though, but the good food is worth the wait. My experience with the waiting staff has been positive so far.Excellent restaurant pour le brunch.  Les produits sont frais et les assiettes généreuses. Les frittatas sont exquises et la salade qui les accompagne est très bonne. Les simples assiettes oeufs et viande sont également copieuses en plus d'être ultra abordables. On aime d'ailleurs que les fruits soient aussi frais! Le café est également très bon.Le service laisse par contre souvent un peu à désirer. On doit demander pour avoir plus d'eau ou de café, on attend longtemps avant que la commande soit prise et l'attente pour l'addition est également très longue. Au moins, on n'a pas l'impression qu'ils nous poussent vers la sortie! Tout cela se produit même en semaine, quand le restaurant est loin d'être plein. En fait, le service est étrangement meilleur quand l'achalandage est très élevé.  Bref, malgré le service quelque peu décevant, Bagatelle reste une superbe option pour le brunch, tant en solo qu'en famille.Bon service, bonne bouffe; j'y étais pour le brunch. Rapport qualité prix vraiment bien! La petite terrasse est vraiment mignonne. Resto de quartier chaudement recommandé!Went here with a large group for our Christmas party. I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was. I started with a risotto with foie gras and it was one of the best I've had. Main course was a filet mignon. It was perfectly cooked and both tasty and tender. My dessert was a cheese cake and it was excellent.I plan to go back for the foie gras!17 salles de cinéma, un peu trop de clim l'été pensez à prendre un gilet!Des films principalement en VF, un emplacement et hall d'entrée originaux accueillants, possibilité d'utiliser les bornes pour éviter la file d'attente, et des places gratuites grâce à la carte cinéma de la banque Scotia.

Wife and I sat at the bar for snacks and beer before our movie started. We ordered jalapeño popcorn (really good but heavy on the seasoning) and nachos.The picture in the menu - a delicious stack of cheese, beans, avocado, sour cream drizzle, and more - had no resemblance to the community pool nachos we got. Chips, cold cheese sauce, no beans, and lettuce and tomatoes tossed on top. We sent it back. HINT: if you are a new place and someone sends food back the. Dispatch a manager immediately to see why.Here is the "best part". We asked for two beers. The bartender - straight face - asks if we want one fresh and then one that "she poured earlier tonight by accident". YOU DONT ASK SOMEONE IF THEY WANT AN OLD BEER THATS BEEN SITTING IN THE WINE FRIDGE!!!Last thing... We carried out popcorn and beers down to the theater. One of the in-theater servers asked to not do this in the future, but to order from them for the "full experience". It was not very welcoming.We want to really like this place but we are not motivated to eat there after the nachos. Will try again once they get their legs under them.Incredible seats and all local AZ beers make it a 5 star establishment for beer and a move, though!Bartender was very nice.  Made a good Bloody Mary. Suggestion. Get horseradish.  Theater was clean.  Waiter in theatre was pleasant. Seats were comfy.  Nachos were cold when I got them but it won't stop me from going back.  Look forward to going there again.We checked this out for the first time yesterday and can confidently say we will be back!  The seats are fantastic - large leather recliners like iPic but a fraction of the price.  Adult ticket was $10.  In-seat service with a call button so you don't have to flag down a server when they walk by.  We had the goat cheese appetizer and wine and both were good.  Didn't try other food but seemed everyone around us was enjoying their gourmet popcorn.  Only area that could be improved was speed of service (both at outside bar and in seat), however it was a holiday and maybe they weren't fully staffed.  Either way, will definitely return.  Our new go-to theater!Bartender was very nice.  Made a good Bloody Mary. Suggestion. Get horseradish.  Theater was clean.  Waiter in theatre was pleasant. Seats were comfy.  Nachos were cold when I got them but it won't stop me from going back.  Look forward to going there again. a lil overpriced for tix. but 2nd time in today and still good stuffThis is the second or third theatre that's been in this place and finally someone has got it right!As you walk in the bar is right up front and the ticket windows are off to the left.  The bar has a nice selection of craft beer, wine and spirits.I chose my seat and walked down the long hallway to my theatre.  Most of the seating is set up for couples with armrests that fold up or down.  The thing I like the most about the leather seats is that even fully reclined there is plenty of room for the servers or other guests to walk in front of you.However, good forbid you have to use the restroom during the movie.  Depending on what theatre you're in, it can be a looooong walk down and back.It was a good theater similar to ipic but the food is better than any movie theater I've been in . I advise u to go thereSimple, good food.This restaurant is inside of the AZ international Market Place.  You won't be able to find a sign outside until you enter the market.  At a glance, this place seems like a standard Panda Express/food court type of restaurant, but they actually have some pretty unique dishes that are made-to-order.Here are the stuff I tried:Chinese Dumpling - Better than the frozen ones I can find in Asian Markets.  I would definitely order this again.Chinese Beef Noodle - Arguably the best in Arizona (not that we have many choices in AZ when it comes to this dish).The prices are reasonable, and there are several items on the menu that I would try on my future visits.The only problem I found so far is the seating.  There are about 4-6 seats available and it's really not a standard sit-down restaurant, but the food I want to order here are "sit-down" type of food.  Conflict of interest here.I only tried this restaurant once and I usually don't give a 5-star rating unless I visit a restaurant for at least 3 times and see consistent quality in their food.We tried Lupe's today, excited for a new Mexican restaurant in Middleton.  Food - we had a cheese quesadilla, chicken burrito, and a few tacos.  Everything was very tasty, nice assortment of meat choices and toppings.  If you like a little heat, I recommend their hot sauce as a topping on any of their dishes.  The mexican rice isn't anything fancy, but tasted good too as a side.   This is counter service like a Qdoba, not a sit down restaurant, but we liked the simple menu.Prices - in line with what you would expect for a smaller Mexican restaurant, perhaps the taco at $2.25 is a steal based on the generous amount of toppings. Atmosphere - Like others have written, it is well decorated with bright colors and some fun painting on the wall.  The music was nice, the TV was a little strange as they had wrestling on which was interesting enough, then it switched over to some strange Mexican movie.Opportunities for improvement - There are just a few things that need to be fixed up to get to 5 stars in my opinion.  One is that if you want some water to drink, you need to pay for it and get a bottle of water which is purchased from the nearby Copps.  There is no fountain soda service.  Also, there was very limited 4-top seating, almost all the tables were for 2 people though you could push some tables together if it isn't too busy.Considering it just opened recently, the restaurant is on the right track and we will be back again.Beef burrito was great! Lots of flavor and fresh ingredients.  I like the idea of trying a local place instead of a chain.Very much enjoyed the burrito with beans and rice. It was comparble to something like Qdoba although with less variety on the menu but similar quality. The salsa was great as was the guacamole, next time I will try it with sour cream. The only thing I would say is for the salad get some darker greens rather than the iceberg. Seating is pretty limited, outside on a nice day - you better grab your table quick!I like this place! $2.75 for a very decent taco, that you can build the way you want it.  Hard to find anything at that price anymore.  I've tried the beef, pork, chorizo, and the mix.  I like the pork and the chorizo best.  Haven't had a burrito or some of the other sides, but everything is fresh and tasty. Obviously family owned, so they care what you think.  I also like the aqua Fresca and horchata. Great addition to the area.This was one of those places which my boyfriend was skeptical about, why? Because he is Mexican and he just wants to go to the places where he thinks it's closer to the authentic Mexican flavors he knows. Well, if it wasn't for me (I'm always insisting in trying new places) he would have never known if it was good or not. Short story, he liked it, yayyy for me because that means we will be back :)  As soon as you step in, a wonderful aroma of homemade corn tortillas captivate your senses and makes you walk even faster into the counter where you need to stand and order your food.First, you need to tell them if you want tacos, burritos, tostadas, quesadillas, tortas, etc, then into the meat (shredded chk, roasted pork, picadillo (a mix of ground pork and beef), chorizo (it has cubed potatoes) and beef. It doesn't come with rice and beans automatically, there is an extra charge for those so it's up to you if you want them or not. Last but not least, you pick your toppings and what kind of spicy salsa you like.Ok, let's get to the exciting part, the food!! we both liked their tacos (chorizo, beef and roasted pork) they were tasty and interesting because each meat had its own distinctive flavor, not like other places where you don't even know which one is which. Rice and beans were nice too. I loved their roasted tomatillo sauce, it tasted so fresh and not too spicy. In my opinion, the food is a little bit expensive, but good enough to come back if you have a craving for homey texmex food like me from time to time :)I think Lupe's is great I had the burrito with roasted pork, pinto beans, rice, red sauce, and all the veggies for about $7.25. I'd rather go here than Qdoba or Chipotle; support local cuisine! There were people coming in and out the entire time I was there today around noon. The food is fresh, super tasty, and I definitely plan to go there again.Grabbed some pizza and beer here with a friend on what we thought was a random Thursday. It reality, it was the  last game of the Eastern Conference Finals and we were the only ones not there to watch the Pens win it. Oh well! It did make for some entertaining conversation buttons when we were overwhelmed with sudden cheering or yelling.Even with the frenzy, our server was friendly and attentive. They have a good beer selection and she recommended some definite winners to us. My friend and I split the Hawaiian pizza (praise anyone who will eat pineapple pizza with me)I think the place has new owners...not sure what it used to be. It seems to be working for them, though!It's right down the street from my apartment, so I'll definitely be back soon.I freaking love this place! It's pizza I haven't eaten a thousand times and they deliver. Their beer selection is gigantic, which is always a bonus. The interior is whatever and there's a floor that is slippery; I almost fell every time I walked on it. I guess wear your sneakers there, which is a given since you're in the suburbs.I have been here 3 times now since the Mt. Lebanon location has opened and we have really enjoyed each time. The beer selection is great, and they change the options pretty frequently which is nice so you have a bit of variety. We have had regular pepperoni pizza and recently tried the chicken ranchero, which were both really good. The wings have been a good size and have a good flavor, however the old bay seasoning option they have is super salty so I would not recommend. Overall, Caliente is a new and great option for a great bite to eat and drink!GREAT VIEWS. Have a friend that loves here. It is a nice locating with nice amenities. The building has plenty of parking but I hear there is a problem with visitor parking. Haven't had the issue myself.GREAT VIEWS. Have a friend that loves here. It is a nice locating with nice amenities. The building has plenty of parking but I hear there is a problem with visitor parking. Haven't had the issue myself.Loved it. Went with my friends who knew the bartender the nights we went (Sunday & Monday 8/5/12 & 8/6/12) and we was awesome.  They had a drink special of Labatt, 2 for $8.  2 of us went through 24 in 30 minutes...ugh I love Montreal beer!!!Anyway, the outdoor patio is spacious and a lot of fun, and there's a little dance floor where you can get your boogy on.  It was quite active and the music was fun and we all had a great time. I'd definitely go again - but with my friends of course.  My only gripe is that when I went to the bathroom, twice 2 men came out of the same stall....I mean...yuck.Paul Zerdin is such a talented ventriloquist. My friend invited me to see this show. I have not seen him on America's Got Talent so I didn't know what to expect. He's a unique ventriloquist, you don't see his mouth move.  The first scene he brings out a Baby Puppet. A lot of baby jokes such as poop, pissed, fart etc.Scene Two is the puppet Sam. Also more burps and farts jokes, pretty funny but a little similar repetition of words.Scene three is Grandpa Albert, who is quite funny as well with old-age stereotypes jokes.Lastly, a random couple sitting on the front row are chosen from the audience. There put a mask on their face electronically controlled by the ventriloquist, that was really amusing. I was impressed when he was saying two things at once. I recommend this show if you want a night of laughter and entertainment.I wasn't sure what to expect, as I do not watch "America's Got Talent", but the show opens with a recap of how he gets to Las Vegas. I thought the characters were funny, and the addition of animatronics was really cool. The show is for adults, which can be confusing with cute puppets, but warn the kids about the language.

-Assorted dessers

Si os cae cerca, no lo dudéis es un gran sitio para tomar un "lunch"Stumbled upon this place tonight walking back to or accommodations. Cozy decor inside, with candles ensconced into the brick wall. Comfy couch/sofa lining by said wall. I got a glass of the 175mL Chenin blanc from South Africa which was passable. A semi-sweet, the flavor was lacking. The halloumi and aubergine moussaka with spiced chickpea and carrot on the side though made up for it. While not amazing, the rich gravy with the salty/firm halloumi taste and texture was still solid. My husband got rabbit rilette and said it was fine. However, his eyes rolled back in joy at the Eton mess. The berries and whipped cream with the merengue blended wonderfully together (I had a spoonful). Nice servers as well which rounded out the pleasant experience.The Olive Branch Bistro is an impressive looking restaurant on a corner plot on Broughton Street. Lots of big windows on the outside to let the evening sun filter through the windows as you relax and watch the world go by. A busy bustling restaurant, which was almost full when we arrived; I'm glad we had booked, as the last few tables went within half an hour. Our table was right in the centre of the restaurant adjacent to the small but well-stocked bar. The person serving us was apparently only on his second day at the Bistro, but you couldn't tell, he was a natural, helpful and friendly, with the appropriate amount of banter.Menu wise, we went straight for the main courses, a couple of us had the fish and chips, the fish was beer battered, so fresh and tasty, with hand cut chips and pea purée. I resisted my urge to immediately try the burger in any restaurant that has one, and went for the special of fettuccine with courgettes, leeks and toasted pine nuts in a cream sauce, not the biggest portion but full of flavour. My wife had the Lamb Goulash with lemon and chilli infused rice, and sour cream. The last dish of Sea Bream, with Provençal potatoes, French beans and anchovy butter, was probably the pick of a very impressive set of mains, a perfectly cooked piece of fish, with great accompanying sides.Obviously it would be rude not to have a dessert, the Mixed Berry Eton Mess was very tasty, but a little light on meringue and heavy on the cream. The trio of Ice Creams also was a good dessert, because of the level of choice on offer.Good food, great service, candles set into the back wall to give atmosphere and inventive paintings of figures of popular culture, which kept me guessing for the whole meal about the identity of the last picture, it was a young Mick Jagger apparently.3.30pmish Another truly lovely visit. After a 1 hour stompin' walk with a friend.  Had the Soup. It was morish!  Sweet potato, orange and coriander with a kick. Truly brilliant!!With no trouble the did the pasta dish vegan for me. Great waiter. Sincere. Lovely smile. Comes to check all is well after dish is set down. Indicative of the stellar treatment here. The music very groovy and perfect volume. I am now have a dead gorgeous brandy. Hine I think. In a warm class. I am beyond happy. They have a antique one here too. A wee unplanned joy of the day!yGreat setting; good food; very pleasant service... and the Eagles best hits CD playing softly, perfect for this rainy evening.Still only managed to get in here for breakfast so far, but it's been so full of awesomeness each time, I felt I had to give it some feedback.I've plumped for the big super duper epic full breakfast they do, and it's never disappointed. You get a great selection (potato cakes, plus both haggis and black pudding is always a winner), and all the items are sourced from great local suppliers, so great quality. They even put your beans on a little ramekin so they're away from your eggs, which is heroic in my book!This is our 'stand by' place to eat.  I love trying new places and different types of food, especially things I don't know how to cook myself but every once in a while you don't feel like cooking and just want a good, solid meal at a decent price.  Olive Branch has always come through for us whether for Breakfast/Brunch, Lunch and Dinner.They do the basics very well.  Really nice fish and chips - well cooked chunky chips, a big fillet of cod (not the whole fish like in a chippie but still a good thick portion) and great tartar sauce.  For lunch, their club sandwich is always satisfying as is their full breakfast.

Das Restaurant mit MC Cafe ist schön gestaltet. Der Parkplatz könnte etwas größer sein.

Price - Pretty good but will wait until "post Oktoberfest)

It was a great find!I've been meaning to visit this place for a while. I stopped in this week to try it out. The staff was super friendly and helpful. I chose the Chimmie with steak to go. I was a little wary about a sandwich with egg on it, but it's lightly scrambled and fried (not hard-boiled). I took it home and ate it up in about 5 minutes. It had so much on it, it felt like a whole meal. The steak was good, and the chimichurri added a nice bit of spice. I will definitely be going back.I bought a few $10 certificates for half price as I am always looking for a decent lunch option around work. The sandwiches are very good, definitely a step or two above a typical sandwich place around here. I have tried the Breakfast Bruncher, Chiimie Sandwich, Turkey Avocado and the Siracha Chicken Sandwich. The first three I would have again as they were very good but would pass on the Siracha Chicken Sandwich as it was  far too messy and kind of hard to eat. Would probably rate the orginal Chimmie Sandwich as the best, so if you give this place a shot you might as well try that. For sides they have the typical chips and fountain drink along with a regular size pickle.Comme a Québec!!!

The sushi is very good too. We actually ate in the restaurant, which I guess is not the norm. They have tables in there, but we were the only eat-in  customers the whole time. Apparently it is almost all take-out, because they did a lot of that. But I think sushi is better if you see the person making the rolls and it is served to you on a board instead of in a take-out box, so for sushi I would recommend just eating there. But definitely good either way.Sushi is not even a little bit Chinese. I have a deep, deep love for authentic Chinese food and top notch sushi. But never at the same time.  However, I find myself in the following situation very, very often:10 pm on a Friday. We're watching the Wire.  Sergeant Jay Landsman is eating what appears to be grocery-store-grade sushi in his office. Sushi sounds so good. How can  I continue to watch this show and eat sushi too? I need someone to bring me sushi.  Enter: Zen Asian Diner.  Not the best sushi I've ever had, but within 40 minutes (I live in Highland Park, they're in Upper Lawrenceville) I have sushi at my house.  And I am satisfied.This review is for take-out only. I had a rough day and I really just wanted Asian food, so I ordered the General Tso's tofu with steamed rice and my boyfriend ordered the Sesame Chicken with steamed rice. We placed an order over the phone around 10:45PM on a Friday and they close at 11PM, but they assured us that they would deliver the food anyways. The driver seemed to be directionally challenged (he didn't know where the University of Pittsburgh is), so the mix up is probably what prolonged the delivery to around 11:45. However, the food was still hot and satisfying. There was enough tofu for three meals and they package the food in nice, reusable and microwavable packaging. The General Tso's sauce was spicy-- I love spice, but if you have a sensitive tummy I would probably go for the Sesame instead. Best Chinese delivery that I've had in quite some time. The only downside is the $15 delivery minimum (the average entree is around $8-$9) and my lack of car on campus to pick it up myself. Craving some Chinese? Grab a friend and go in on an order for Zen.My favorite Chinese food in Pittsburgh. The won ton soup is the best I've ever tried and the crab ragoon is great (not greasy). Delivery is prompt. Only thing missing is delivery coming to your office as opposed to calling and having to truck six floors down for pickup. First world problems.I was pleasantly surprised.  From the reviews I'd seen, I was expecting pure awful.  Don't know anything about their sushi, as I'm a vegetarian, but their vegetables were fresh and delicious.  Quite happy with it.  I had curry and veggies.  Flavorful, spicy, fun, pleasant.  Also had edamame, but that's nigh impossible to mess up in the first place.Quick delivery, big portions and good food. My family ate shrimp fried rice with very nice sized shrimp, General Tsao's chicken, cashew shrimp, and egg rolls. It was all very tasty for a night of take out! And I liked that I could order and pay online.I had pork dumplings which changed my opinion about pork dumplings. In a good way. My friend had teriyaki chicken, which was delicious. I had the Alaska and spicy crab rolls, they were pretty awesome. Great water and ice here. Friendly staff. Fortunes were horrible. Pretty good prices/specials too. Overall, you'll see me here again.Zen is our lazy sushi to go delivery system in Pittsburgh. They are consistent, inexpensive, tasty and deliver to our door. We order the sushi dinner for two probably about once every week and a half.Two words that shouldn't go together, but actually do at Zen: Delivery Sushi. Definitely trust their delivery sushi rolls, as we have had them delivered multiple times. They always arrive fresh and at appropriate temperature. Their warm dishes are average, but appropriate for the price. Delivery is fast!Jeri is a magician with my hair. All women know your hairdresser  is one of the mist important people in your life. She is amazing, up to date on all the new styles abs tricks. The salon is clean, huge and offers endless services. I've only used Jeri. But there is a pearl skin station and 100's of other services. Great summerlin location. Across from The Boca target. Great French bakery next door for lunch before or after your 'me time'. Hair products are also available for sale too. Redken thicking lotion is a MUST have for people with thin, fine or limp hair!! Although in a pinch you can buy it at Alta. Jeri is always able to work around my schedule and always sends me reminders!! A true jewel in summerlin. Ask for Jeri!!Thank you Linda!............I am impressed in the pride you take in your work.Prrrrrrrrrr.....just had a massage with Kimberly Meyer at West Salon.  She is great....you get every pennies worth.  I find it very hard to relax and with 15 minutes I was in "The Zone".  The massage and aromatherapy was superb.  We found this place through Groupon.  I can't say anything negative about my experience.Plein de saveurs de saucisses pour sortir des saveurs traditionnelles!Il existe plusieurs sortes de viande: agneau, porc, poulet, etc.Que vous soyez plutôt sucrés ou non: mangue, canneberge, épinards, à la bière, etc. Un vrai régal pour les papilles garanti!J'adore la saucisse au épinards, mais y en a pas tout le temps! Si non, curry et champignon est très bonne. Il y a trop de saveurs, c'est dure de choisir. Les premières fois on goute a tout, allez hop une de chaque. Ca vaut la peine de se faire un melange et partagez entre amis question de gouter.This is the best spot to get a filling sausage sandwich at the Jean Talon Market. You pay inside the little shop and they give you a ticket to take out to the guy or gal cooking and serving up the sausages. The bread is really a great piece of baguette and the sausages selection has several to choose from: swiss, knockwurst, semi-hot, jalapeno, and hot. There are a number of mustards and sauces, then the toppings include hot banana peppers, green olives, pickles, and sauerkraut. It costs $6 and is more than worth it. Inside the shop you'll find a number of their wonderful sausages for sale, some cold-cuts, patés and other items. We had the Maple and Bacon sausage tonight, and found it delicious, cooking it the way the helpful associate suggested. The maple flavor wasn't strong but you really got a hit of bacon, I was able to see the bacon as I was eating so they don't skimp!Its an above average hot dog, great flavors, very kind workers and a great location. It an awesome place to get a bite in the market.sausage!this place is a sausage vendor as well as a sandwich shop. in it, you can grab sausages to be cooked/grilled at home or you can order one of their sausage sandwich with a choice of condiments, i usually go sauerkraut, dijon mustard and shitload of spicy heat.to be frank, inexpensive yet filling sandwich but not really that spicy as the vinegary sauerkraut cut the heat by a lot. anyway, its tasty and one of the cheaper food option in the marketSo, My in-laws own this sllver Toyota Camry. It's been a really trusty and reliable car for them. After 13 years in the Arizona sun, and three kids through college, this car was looking pretty beat. Wanting to keep the car on the road, my Father-in-Law asked me to have it painted.Needing to maximize the bang-for-buck factor, I found Tim on Craigslist. A short visit with him gave me hope that he was the man for the job. He uses a quality paint, keeps a clean shop, with a beautiful spray booth.We agreed on a scope of work, and a price. Four days later The car was done. I was impressed that Tim and his son were able to move the car through so quickly.Is it a show quality paint job? No,Did I pay for a show quality paint job? Nope

Ask about the "plate challenge" ;)I give this 4 stars because of the freshness of the sushi. I've been here 4 times in the past week and a half and the fish was fresh and the chef is always putting out plates in the goround. The decor is pleasant and modern, but they need to turn the music up on either the tvs or the music. But this is made up by the prices! Cheaaaap! it's great for a sushi craving and it does satisfy!When my g/f and I walked in, we instantly noticed the place was empty.  There was only one other table during the entire lunch hour! Yikies.  Not good.  The rolls on the conveyor belt were also pretty sparce.  Our first impressions were that we probably wouldn't be back.  I grabbed a spicy tuna roll off of the conveyor belt and was an instant convert - so fresh!  Yum!  The very friendly hostess/waitress readily took our order for sushi that wasn't on the conveyor belt - rainbow roll, maguru tuna and I can't remember what else.  What I do remember was the exquisite melt in your mouth freshness.  I am not sure why word hasn't leaked out about this place as there should be a line-up out the door.  I do admit that the location isn't the best (tucked in the strip mall across from Skateland but, we will definitely go back.The food is delicious ! My favorite is the Red Dragon (:Finally Tried this place... Glad we did.... This place had some very good Sushi, comparable to our spot in San Diego... We had,Lava Roll, Las Vegas Roll, Cherry Blossom, Bubba Gump Shrimp roll, and Wife ordered the Yakisoba..

The room is separated by a sliding door and connected to the bathroom with a direct view and access of a Japanese soaking tub.The main room doors connected to the hallways are SO annoying.

The Scallop Curry lunch special with a veggie spring roll is PERFECT..Great place to get take out from. Never actually ate in the restaurant but we get take out a least once every two weeks. The food is good and the staff is friendly. They even remember me when I come in.Awesome food great service and will customize any order to order.Coupons online too makes the food that much better.WOW - What a turn around (180) from last time. We decided to give it another try. Just goes to show staff can make or break a good dining experience.  Food was awesome and service to match. Gonna love my left overs tomorrow. Glad we have it another try. Just don't let them sit you with Shaggy from Scooby Doo. You will know who I'm talking about. Young slender tall guy with a bun on top. Talks with hippie slang duuuuude.Large quantity of food for a great price. There is a large selection on the menu. Sushi is ok. Not the best I have ever had but not bad. Shrimp pad thai is very good.I love stopping in here they are always friendly even when you stop in for a bit 15 minutes before closing. Which I due often for some late night sushi rolls and a beer or date night with the wife once the kids go to bed. LolGot a to go order with our office. I got the bang bang shrimp and a side of white steamed rice. Shrimp was large Sauce was good. More of a sweet flavor. Rice was good and not dry. Our order was correct and we had no complaints!I was seriously impressed with the portion sizes vs. price at this restaurant. Every other bento box I have ordered has come with one selection per square in the box. At Red Bowl one of my selections was a house salad and instead of putting a small portion in with the rest of the bento box they brought me a large salad as a starter on a separate plate. The house dressing was delicious with the ginger being a little more subtle than usual.The bento box itself had a full sushi roll and didn't skimp on the hibachi steak or vegetables. The fried rice that came with it was also full of vegetables and wasn't greasy. The hot tea I ordered came with two teabags in a large pot which meant I never had to ask our waitress for a refill. All said the bento box was just under $13 and I left full and happy with the quality of the meal. We will definitely return!Having moved from up north in 2001, I was a bit hesitant to check out a Charlotte Checkers game.  I went in 2002 when they played in what is currently Bojangles Coliseum.  The game was fun, although the atmosphere and the play was definitely not what I was used to.  That version of the Checkers played in the ECHL, 2 levels below the NHL, and most players never make it to the top rung.  The league is know for fights, and there still are a lot in itFast forward to 2005 and the Checkers move uptown into the new arena.  An ECHL team playing in this building was definitely a unique as most teams play in small arenas and civic centers.  After working out some kinks the first season, the games were still enjoyable, and for tje most part affordable.  Lower leveel tickets could be had for about $10.Fast forward to the present Checkers team.  Last year, the Checkers owner bought the Albany River Rats, the Carolina Hurricanes top farm team (the equivalent to AAA baseball).  He moved them to Charlotte to begin play at the beginning of the 2010-11 season and had them assume the Charlotte Checkers name.  So, now the play is even better, and these players are going back and forth between Raleigh and Charlotte.  Some players who play here can be seen playing for the Canes on the Fox Sports networks.  The quality of play is 100x better than the ECHL.  The arena isn't always perfect for hockey due to the offset ice, no slope seats, and thick stantions between the glass.  However, with lower level seats now starting at $12, and upper level seats (when opened) for $10, to see hockey one step away from the big leagues is not a bad deal.  They also have a lot of promos with ticket packages, giveways, and free tickets by making donations.  Just go to their website to find them.There were 12,512 fans at the first AHL home game, which set a Charlotte hockey record (although many came from Raleigh).  Despite the 4-2 loss, everyone enjoyed the experience.Hubby's birthday is around the same time as the Uncle who happened to be in town for the holidays so I treated them to a Hockey Game. Good seats for a reasonable price. We had fun. We decided to root for the home team, even though they lost :( But it was still a good time. You can hoot and holler but don't 'cuss' or you may get arrested! (they warn you at the beginning) We would definitely go again. The team has some really good players and some not so good but it is fun to watch them anyhow. You should go and check them out!Shame shame shame on me for spending 3.5 years in Charlotte before going to my first Charlotte Checkers game! I had so much fun last week!Why do I love on the Checkers? Well, for one, they play at TWC Arena - a super clean, quite fun environment. As I've mentioned before, there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Plus, the crowd really gets into the game! There's great announcing, entertaining games and such between periods. I saw something akin to a hamster ball where two people were rolling around on the ice. Definitely something I want to add to my bucket list. And the team - sweet! Everyone loves a brawl and there are a handful of Checkers who can really land a puck and a punch. Fast skatin', slap shots and an occasional fight? A to the men. I'll definitely be back for some affordable hockey in the very near future!The Charlotte Checkers as they exist now are in the AHL - somewhat akin to AAA baseball, just one level below the big leagues.  In this case, the AHL is just one step below the NHL, meaning that you might actually see some players who have seen some time on a team you have heard of before - though since the NHL is only slightly more popular in the South than Major Indoor Lacrosse, that may actually not be the case.The prior iteration of the team, playing elsewhere in the city and in an entirely different league (the ECHL), was actually two levels below the NHL.  That means that their players would only occasionally be moved up to the AHL, and the likelihood that you would have heard of them drops by a factor of about seven.  Still, the teams were good - they won the championship once (in 1995/96), and were in the playoffs just about every other year.Of course, in hockey only the worst of the worst are out of the playoffs, so unless you are the Johnstown Chiefs and cannot sign the Hanson Brothers, you are probably going to at least make it to the playoffs, right?Now if you are really old school, you may remember that there was still another incarnation of the Checkers - way back in 1956, the Baltimore Clippers moved to Charlotte because their arena, Carlin's Iceland, burned down.  How did an ice hockey arena burn down?  No idea.  Nonetheless, the team encountered a great reception and decided to stay, becoming the Checkers in 1960.  They won the EHL crown several times, and then later the SHL title before that league eventually disbanded in 1977, leaving Charlotte without a hockey team until the ECHL came around.Now the Checkers are on the prowl for a title in the AHL, hoping to pull out a somewhat surprising win and declare themselves the victors of the most titles in the most leagues.  First the EHL, then the SHL and the ECHL, and now the AHL.  Go Checkers!Really enjoyed going to there game for the 1st time.  They sold out! (~8000 people)  The game are very family friendly, we saw lots of families going out for all there kids that night.   It was also good for our date night, and trying to get on the kiss cam.We saw some people, that had private little group setup for birthday parties or group outings. I definitely go to another game here. I just hope they dont get crushed as badly as they did this night.Chuck a Puck is rigged.  I got a puck right in the middle of the mat last night.  The guy walked up and put the puck in his pocket.  Then a little kid came up and he handed my puck to him....ripoff.  Might as well be one of those bottle toss games at the carnival. #nevergonnawinchuckapuckIt is nice to see the Checkers back in a building that is a good fit for hockey. Although I liked the accessibility of TWC Arena, it was far from perfect for hockey. The organization is doing what they do well and the move to Bojangles Coliseum will help keep them in Charlotte. Most of the renovations are nice and the ticket prices are cheaper. I look forward to going to more games here but will stay away when there are events at Ovens and The Park due to the lack of ample parking.I went to get a eye demonstration for my wedding on New Years Eve.. They were booked solid so I was told to try to come in when they opened and I would have a shot of getting a demo. So I arrived at 10am promptly.  There were at least 6-8 artists walking around doing nothing.  So finally this guy asked me if I needed help. So I explained that I wanted a demo because I was getting married  and I need a pink and putter mix. He said I will be right back. Then he came back and said we are not taking walk ins today I just spoke to my manager.  So I said let me speak to her. Meanwhile the artists are still walking around doing nothing and telling customers on the phone that they can come and wait but they are booked. So a young lady her name was Scarlett.  She was like I just heard what happened and I can take you we don't have our first appointments until 11:00. She said it's ridiculous that he didn't help you. So she gave me the most beautiful eyes and gave me tips on contouring for my complexion. She was so pleasant and positive.  No one wants added stress on their wedding day!So if your in Nordstrom' s at the Fashion Square don't go to the gay tall guy with black hair he is a racist or something because he was giving a young white lady a "lip demo" when I was leaving. That is nothing that I would say it it weren't apparent.When in Vegas again I will be sure to call ahead and book with Scarlett again her fingers are magical. The make up lasted all night long. I got married around 2:30am. I looked like I just got out of the chair. This is after partying and drinking all day.Jack in the Box has become my de facto fast food joint due to their no-holds-barred menu attitude.  All meals are available all day, and they range from egg sandwiches to tacos.  I mean, really?  Where else can someone get a pair of tacos and a burger that are decent in one stop?  They offer two types of fries for those that want variety, plus hashbrown sticks. This place is by no means "healthy", and their adds flaunt that!  It's refreshing to see a business let loose and except that they're the glut-vanna!  We the people frequent places like this to serve out craving for fast, fun, fantastic foods!  Why can't Jack cut loose too!

12 inch club sandwich with chips

Me: Man, I didn't know office supply stores could be such slave drivers.

- The sides... I haven't really found a side that I like. The beans are ok, as is the cream corn and the potato salad. I really could use some Mac and Cheese.- The sauce... They love the pepper and it shows in their sauce. I have had much better sauces but they will do if you really need them. Hint: Good BBQ shouldn't need sauce. Now in Texas the Rudy's have Dr. Pepper in glass bottles... This Rudy's would have gotten the 5th star if they had that too. Either way try the turkey and the brisket with some white bread and go home happy and full. (Full because you remembered to get the potato stuffed with Brisket right?? Good)Its rare for us to go out for bbq, but we will get the craving once in a blue moon. Last Sunday that craving came and I suggested we try out Rudy's since it was new and buzzin' and just down the street from us. I ordered a 1/2 lb of the moist brisket and the BF had the jalapeno sausage sandwich. We also got small creamed corn, cole slaw & green chile stew. All that with one beer and a small drink and we paid around $20, not bad. Bread slices are complimentary.Brisket was super moist and tender! I tried it with the two different sauce and actually preferred the meat alone with no sauce. It was melt in your mouth awesome. Jalapeno sausage was okay, not spicy at all though. Creamed corn was good, not Lawry's good, but I'd order it again. I actually sprinkled a little salt and it tasted better. That's just me, I like the sweet & salty combo. Green chile stew was good also. Not spicy but flavorful. Cole slaw was exactly like KFC's, but that's okay with me 'cause I like KFCs slaw. Bread was the generic supermarket white & wheat bread. I had a bite or two. Only a week has passed and I'm already craving for some brisket again. This is saying something about the place cause like I've mentioned, BBQ cravings come around once or twice a year for me.The moist brisket is very good, and the various BBQ sauces are fantastic. You order at the cashier, so you get your food very quickly. There are many tables located throughout the restaurant -- we were able to find seats for our group of 7 very easily. Would likely go again to try out some of the sides and other meats.We decided to give this place a try.  When the people coordinating the line found out I had never been there before, they gave me the intro. Sounds like a meat out.  They had lots of choices for meats all smoked.  We got there about noon, and it had a line to the front door.  Interestingly enough, the line did seem to move pretty. At the register, they asked me if I wanted to sample anything (since I hadn't been before).  I went with the smoked turkey.  Wow.  I have to say that this is the 1st time that I've gotten turkey that was not bone dry. The turkey was charred on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside.  Color me happily surprised.  =)  After reading the reviews on here, I decided to skip all the sides, but did get a sample of the green chili soup.  I think that would be a winner. That taste was most excellent, and it had veggies.  Most of the sides seemed to be a mayo fest, so it was a good call on the skip.  My co-worker, got the prime rib - apparently they offer it on the weekend.  I was less impressed with his prime rib.  My key takeaway from this visit was to go with someone and share. I found 1/2 pound of turkey just WAY too much.  My co-worker was happy to finish it off for me.  My one only slight complaint is that this is must more of a family ho-down type place than a nice dinner out.  I'd suggest getting it to go and doing your own sides at home to go with the excellent smoked turkey.  =)I was disappointed on my last trip here.  The brisket I got was pretty much all fat.  I did email the company and surprisingly I got a response within  hours and it was on a Sunday.  They have offered to replace the brisket which I am happy with.I was quite impressed with the smoked turkey baked potato! The turkey was full of flavor and moisture. I tasted the bbq sauce (original and sissy) and both were very peppery, which I didn't like. My vote is 4.5 because because they handle money and the food with no gloves but our order was very good nonetheless.The moist beef brisket is very very good.  I would give it a 5 but the sides are ok.I grew up in Oklahoma so I was raised on amazing BBQ. Think Texas or Kansas style, or a combination of the two. Since moving to Arizona I've had a very difficult time finding BBQ that meets up to my standards... Congratulations to Rudy's for being the first!I ordered the moist (AKA fatty) brisket, and the jalapeno sausage. The meat was full of flavor, moist as promised, and without a hint of artificial smoke flavoring.  I tried the Rudy's beans and the potato salad on the side; the beans were great, but the potato salad was just OK. To be fair, I'm extremely picky about potato salad. For desert, the banana pudding and the peach cobbler made me feel like I was back home.A couple of tips:*Servings are family style so go with at least one friend, or have a huge appetite.

They have a really good cinnamon rice drink also!I've been going to this restaurant chain for the past four years and love it because of it being 24 hours opened right in my neighborhood. Warning: this is not for those health conscious and is more for those who need a late night Mexican fix and want something better than Taco Bell. Health nuts should just get cucumber from the salad bar or should already be home asleep after a night of clubbing. My go-to meal is the carne asada burrito. My cousin's go-to meal are the carne asada fries (and trust me they don't stiff you at all on the carne asada unlike other restaurants). Before, I would sometimes get the carne asada chimi chonga meal but no longer. The facility is clean; they always have a stocked up bar of salsa, lime and fresh cucumber.I've spent many a night with Rob (that's the fancy name I share with my friends). When you ask someone if they've been to Roberto's, more than likely the response is "yeah that's where I go after a night of drinking". I'm here to tell you, you should try it when you are sober so you can remember how delicious it is. The menu is incredibly cheap, $2.05 for a chicken taco! Make that $.99 on Wednesdays!  Here are a few of my favorite menu items;Super nachos (no carne) my second favorite nachos in town (peppermill is my first)

-Terminal B: Our connecting flight was supposed to leave out of this terminal, but then it wasn't there. I then noticed the flight being listed off as located in Terminal C, so we booked it there, but it had already left.

Excellent fried fish and a wide,tasty variety of just about everything.Real ice cream too.Not your typical soft-serve.Lots of choices, really nice waiter staff, the staff behind the bar seem more not really caring about the customers on the other end they make it seem like it's a joke. Glad it's a fun atmosphere but I watch two guys not care what they say or how they act. Food 5stars, wait staff 5stars, cooks behind the counter 3 star.Went for breakfast today. It's a buffet- Some things are excellent, so not so good. Banana Bread french toast =Delish. Took the nephews, everyone gets what they want....Staff were great, ThanksChase bank has always been good to me. Great service, always fully  staffed! When we moved here from California, they were willing do what ever was necessary to make the transfer smooth. They have a drive through ATM, as well they also have a walk up ATM. I am a sold customer of theirs! Our HOA also banks with this same branch. When I became treasurer, they sat me down and explained and helped me about everything. I really like how concerned they are about our accounts.This is a great corner nail shop. I am by no means a mani-pedi expert, but they do a good job - some of the girls do a great job - if you want Angela, who I think does the best job, you might call and reserve her - but most of the others are good, too. I typically do a pedicure and they last 3-4 wks. Lots of colors to choose from, though no essie polish which is my fave. I bring my own or go french. Its very clean, and not too busy if you go during the day in the week. We even did a family day there once - not on purpose, but my daughter and I had mani-pedis as a treat for my bday, and then my husband and son were out and stopped by to say hi to us, and they got pedi's too! was a hoot!I was pretty impressed with this place. Their customer service was excellent. They greeted me and my girlfriend right away and put us in chairs with hot suds and gave us ice cold water while we waited for them to finish the people before us. They hand you a price sheet, which is really nice when they don't speak English, you pick your service and there are no surprises at the end. We both got mani-pedis, for $28 bucks, pretty good price. The best part was they didn't hurt me! I hate when you get a ped and they attack your cuticles or try to slough off your alive skin cells from your feet. I would recommend this place to anyone. They don't have the best selection of colors though so if you want something special bring your own.I'm looking for a new nail place so I thought I'd try out all the nail places in the area and review them for fun! This place does look a little dingy from the outside and when you first walk in, but it's really not that bad. Their selection of colors is somewhat limited. Their chairs are really comfy with lots of cool massage settings. The water was cold but they fixed it when I asked. I got a full acrylic set and pedicure. The customer service was through the roof! They offered me glitter tips or stars on my nails for free! They were very careful to ask if everything was to my liking along the way. And they stayed until well after closing to fit me in last minute.  The pedicure included some sort of tropical sugar scrub, nail shaping and care, a hot lotion and oil treatment with a loooong, lovely massage, and color for $18! The full set was standard but included a gel topcoat for $23! The lady who did my toes at first was meticulous but then halfway through a guy replaced her and he was more hurried. I don't think he even put a base or top coat on, but I didn't push the issue.  The lady who did my nails did hurt me a tiny bit but not any more than average.I went to Allure Nails the other day for a Mani/Pedi before I took off on vacation.  The salon is very nice, your typical cookie cutter nail salon but it was clean and the décor was modern and very nice.  They have a flat screen which faces away from the technicians so you don't have your tech paying more attention to Court TV than to your nails.My tech was very nice, she chatted with me while she did my pedi and was very attentive.  She filed my nails but did not ask if I wanted them trimmed.  Her leg massage was very nice, firm but not half assed like some places do.  She used sea salt and massaged my legs and feet for a good 5 minutes.  The lotion massage was also nice, they use Creative Nail lotion and not that generic "green" lotion from a squeeze bottle.My only gripe is for my mani. I always get a buff, no polish.  I walked in a 6 PM so by the time for my mani, it was about 6:45.  They close at 7 PM, not sure if she was in a hurry to get me out of there but I still have hang nails on a few of my fingers.  Also when she did my buff, she put cuticle oil on my nails when she was done to make them look shinier.  I like to see myself in the buff of my nails and will tip generously to a tech that will spend the time to make them shine but 12 hours later, my buff is matte and that is being kind.The mani/pedi combo was $45, a little pricier than similar salons but the décor, cleanliness, premium product and the attentive staff made up for the price increase.  Their polish did look a bit "dry" but I bring my own color so not sure how theirs measure up.  I don't do acrylics so I can't vouch for that service but their pedi was worth it.  I'll be heading to a different salon this afternoon to get another buff since the one I got deserves a 2.Also they do not accept American Express or Discover so make sure you have cash or a visa on hand!I have been going to Allure for the past 5 years and I have always left happy.  I am just a pedi girl myself, and they do a really good job at the callus removal ($5 up-charge) and the sea salt ($5 up-charge).  I usually just get one or the other, depending on my mood.  They have a big selection of nail polish, always with the most current OPI colors on hand.I will say that some of the technicians are better than others (Nancy is the best!), but isn't that how it is at most places?  My favorite part is the massage, and some of the technicians seems to do a pretty weak job, but you can always ask for more pressure.I do wish that their massage chairs were a little bit higher end, but overall, I love going to Allure for my pedi's.  Especially since unlike many other nail salons, they let you add your tip on to your credit card slip!Love this little gem.  I have gone all over town to find a great spot for mani's and pedi's that aren't too pricy but are worth what you spend and finally I have found Allure Nails!  My friend wanted to get a mani and pedi and said we should check this place out, I was a little nervous just because it's off mcdonald and scottsdale rd and some of the stores in this little strip mall are over priced.  I was totally wrong, great service, amazing pedicure and my manicure lasted over a week-and for me that is a miracle!  :) can't wait to go back.I get pedicures every three weeks on the reg, and at the regular spot.  Well this Saturday I realized on my way to the pool after a rather long day of physical work, I missed my appointment the week before.  I also realized I wanted to remedy that, on the spot. Unfortunately on a Saturday afternoon I could not just waltz into my normal spot and except there to be space for a walk in appointment.  Nor did it turn out could I get one at any of the 6 other places I called/walked into based on my handy Yelp App telling me the goods in my immediate area.  I decided to gamble.  My insatiable desire for a pedicure right that second coupled with the limitations of my location forced me to override my gut instincts and go to a 2 1/2 star nail establishment.  Steeling myself for dirty equipment and rough handling, I walked in.  Not only was the place bright, spacious, and clean I was greeted promptly and seated as soon as I had picked a polish (a nice seafoam green if your curious), even though they were fairly busy at the time.  As I sat in my massage chair (that was indeed a bit past its prime, but working quite nicely) I stayed alert for anything 2 stars, and I was happily disappointed.  The tech did a great job with the foot massage  (sugar scrub 5$ extra recommended), seemed to have a good attitude, everything was clean, great polish job, and fair prices. They had decent polish selection (OPI, gel, and generic), an ATM up front (even tho the do take card; just not AMEX/Discover), a fish tank with a weird fish, and looked to offer some other services like massage.Is this really a 4 star nail salon... probably not.  Solid 3-3 1/2 stars.  But I was so happy with how everything turned out for me last minute that I would hate for other people to be scared away on star value alone.  Am I never going back to my normal nail spot?  No...  but if I was ever in a pinch again or had a friend in the same situation I would not hesitate to come back or recommend this place.The lady at station 4 was quick and diligent. Best manicure I've had in a while.I called at 6:30 to see if they could squeeze me in for a pedicure (they close at 7:00pm). They were accommodating & told me to come in. Ellie gave me a great pedicure & I loved her massage. It seemed longer than they often do at other places & as it was my birthday that day I really appreciated the extra care. They are always welcoming & do a great job!Service was fast and friendly on a Sunday lunch. Chips and salsa were good. Homemade salsa had a nice kick.  Had the combo enchilada suizas. Came out fast and hot. All good. Waitress checked back often to see if I was happy. All a great deal for a $13 lunch with beer and tax!  Would love to see the bar going. Looks like a hopping place for later.The carne asada tacos are definately worth while!!! Large size corn tortilla, good amount of meat a d great flavor! They seen to have a good selection of other authentic Mexican food! Will go againAlright, first off I have not been to this establishment. However, I am from Lincoln Nebraska, where I lived a few blocks from Mr Lenos (Same People). I am going so far as to write this review because the food that I had on a very regular basis (at least twice a week) was so consistently good. From the chile rellenos to my favorite fish burrito, this place does it. I do plan on getting to this location and updating this review soon. My only issue is driving from Scottsdale.Random Mexican food place that's pretty decent.  My Australian friend and I were in Phoenix for a night during our 2 week road trip.  This place got recommended to us by the hotel guy based on pure proximity, but also for being pretty good.  Despite some semi-shady characters chillin' out front, the place was neat and clean.  The staff was friendly.  The food was also fairly decent.  We tried the shredded beef that this region is famous for, and felt sort of so-so on it.  You can probably find better shredded beef tacos around the Phoenix/Tucson area, but these were not bad by any stretch of the imagination.  We also got some al pastor tacos, which were pretty solid.  All in all, a good experience, and while I wouldn't go out of my way to go to this place, I definitely wouldn't avoid it either.  If I ever find myself there again, I'll grab a taco or 2...I've been at a local hotel for work for over a week, and was pleasantly surprised to find I had a mexican restaurant right next door.  The staff is generally very friendly, and food is fresh made on the griddle in the back. The burritos are very large, and for only a few dollars you can get a large breakfast burrito and a cup of hot coffee.  My favorite items are the adobada, aguas frescas (jamaica, horchata and tamarindo), and chorizo con huevoes breakfast burritos.  They serve menudo on weekends only, and while I haven't tried it yet it seems to be very popular.  Its the red chili version, not the white.In short, this isn't a bad little place to stop in if you're in town. They are far from the best mexican I have had (but I do live on the border in Laredo, TX!), but Mr Lenos satisfies my cravings well enough when I'm in town.I was on a business trip in Tolleson and had the munchies for some Mexican food and this place delivered. Now it's not like AMAZING but it was very good. I ordered the chicken enchiladas with rice and beans and wow, those were some goood enchiladas, some of the best I've ever had!Great place to take people at 2am food cravings, especially when you are the designated driver and need to sober up friends after a night at the bar. Great Mexican food place on this side of town at late hours. Carne Asada fries are the best hands down. Definitely will be back.Good spot,  def not your average "bertos" taco shop.  Food tastes as it should and not off the assembly line.  Had a half order of super nachos, more than enough for one person... could even share with two people.  Carne asada tasted like it was right off the grill.  Will be back!Tried the carne asada burrito which was really good but the carne asada taco...was not impressed...for one taco almost the same price of the burrito. The salsa was really good which is always a good sign...can't have good Mexican Food with out good salsa.This review is only for the deserts.We came here after eating down the street at Dos amigos (very good).I ordered the creampie shake and loved it. You gotta try emNice clean fast food restaurant with great service. I visit this sonic frequently because it's so close to work. The food is on par with other sonic locations but the service is way better than others. The food is always hot and fresh and the wait time for take out is only minutes. There's a cool car garage theme inside that's aesthetically pleasing for kids and adults.The drive thru can be slow at times, so I would suggest ordering inside and taking it to go. I also like how you can pay right at the ordering station, so when the food comes out you are ready to go. The limades are awesome and come in all kinds of flavors. This is a great treat on a hot summer day. Also, check out the happy hour specials from 2PM to 4PM everyday.I would highly suggest stopping into this Sonic if you are ever in the area.I should have been born in the 40's so I could have been a teen in the 50's. I wish there were more drive-in type of places to eat at, not that I have anything bad to say about Sonic. It had been a while since I have been to a Sonic, and it's just something fun. Double burger and a route 44 ocean water. Good stuff!!! Plus you can get tater tots....where else can you do that? I will say that mayo on a burger is not my thing, but if you don't want it you don't have to have it.Also, I know it's fast food and all the server is doing is walking out to your car, but it's Arizona and it's 110 degrees out. Give your server a dollar! It wont kill you, and it's better then giving a dollar to someone on the side of the street who refuses to work, but expects your hard earned money for nothing.I'm just reviewing the Ubuntu release party because I didn't use RedSeven's store as a service, but I did witness them being of assistance and service to several people there.I went to the Ubuntu release party as a gesture of love to my partner. This is their world and I try to be supportive. I thought it would be a cool idea to get them mixing it up with other people who know what Ubuntu is, what OS is all about.We came early at 5 and there were already a few people milling about the showroom. My partner commented over the evening how it was nice to see diversity in the crowd. People might think only cutting edge boy-geeks or CS majors were going to hang out at such a place, but there were women there (and not just as guy attachments either!) There were young and old and middle age users; users who were advanced and users who were new, people who didn't know anything about linux and people who were part of a local linux support group.

If you're a mainlander (like me) and want a low key Vegas experience without all the fluff, stay at the Cal.So its real late at night you partied like you can't party anymore and you want grinds...where do you want to go for comfort food for Pacific Islanders...CALIFORNIA Hotel & Casino.  This place should be called Locals  because that's basically it.  I went with my family right after the club and it was basically Hawaiian "Locals" in a casino in the dry desert not in an island. :) You can get loco moco,spam musubi, spam, eggs and rice,ha ha! For cheap and soo good!  My cousin had the oxtail soup special and it was like home cooking, so yes obviously my family can relate to the food served here.  The service was on point especially early in the morning.  Our waitress was patient, kind, and down-to-earth we didn't have to really tell her much because she brought it out already. If you're into late night cheap eats and feel reminiscent of Hawai'i eat here.If you're looking for a nice place off the strip and downtown at a really good price, Cal hotel is for you.They remodeled a while back and the rooms are pretty nice. The rooms have a flat panel tv and the beds and linen are comfy. They have an outdoor pool in the west tower but not the east. They have adjoining rooms if you want adjoining rooms.Its downtown and near Fremont street so you can check out the Fremont street experience nearby. You can always drive or catch a taxi to the strip.It is Hawaiian themed and geared towards Hawaiians. They have a Hawaiian restaurant (cash only) inside too that is good.We stayed a couple nights (sun and mon) and it was $50 a night.7/20 - 7/22/08.the whole family come down here when we want to eat hawaiian foods, something similar.  on second floor is aloha specialties restaurant and best of all their oxtail soup in the market street cafe, located on first floor.I love this old hotel in Dowtown Las Vegas!  It has a great Hawaiian theme  and a very relaxed atmosphere. It may lack all the lights and live entertainment at other casino's, but if you want a nice place to gamble and hang out with friends, this is the place.The food here is also great!  You can get one of the best Las Vegas Prime Ribs here for under $10.  The macaroni salad at the salad bar is pure Hawaiian.  They also have an awesome streak house and a Hawaiin diner.If I don't use my timeshare or just want to go to Vegas for a weekend, you can bet my room will be here.This review is for the restaurant in the hotel that we ate at. They served up $3.25 breakfast plates ( 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 sausages or bacon strips), $4 half pound steaks (with a side and veggies), $4 chicken strips with fries!!! So inexpensive. This was after 11 pm though, called the graveyard menu or something. Also the reason we came was for the oxtail soup! They accept the Hawaiian coupon and serve portugese sausage. The food was great and I hope we go back someday.One tip, if you want to order a steak Medium Rare.. it will be rare.For being a hotel off the strip, this is one of the better choices.  It looks run-down from the outside, but the rooms have been remodeled in the last few years.  I dislike that housekeeping barges in at 8am...I hate that I forget to put the "do not disturb" sign on the door.  The rooms are not luxurious, by no means.  But I'm definitely comfortable taking my shoes off in there. There are plenty of table games and slots.  The players club card offers good rewards.  I get 3-5 night complimentary rooms each month which keeps me coming back about twice a year.

The sink was simple but well stocked with everything we needed. Soaps, kleenex, towels, hair dryer, and standard shampoo, conditioner, and body lotion. There was no shower gel, but two soaps instead. There were more than enough towels for the two of us for a one-night stay.I appreciated how there was a separate mirror for me to do my make-up. There was a switch at the back where it would provide me with extra light for me to draw that extra precise line! ;) The lamps beside the main mirror worked with no problem, and it provided us with enough light. The bathtub was surprisingly very large, much larger than your standard bathtubs. This would've been great for families with young children or even for couples. The water pressure was great, and hot water worked with no interruptions.All in all, our stay at Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino was short but great. We left with a great experience and we agreed that we would definitely return to Westgate for an affordable stay in Las Vegas. Though it is a little far from The Strip, the resort has its own monorail station so the popular tourist attraction is only minutes away. Although there are a lot of bad reviews out there for Westgate Las Vegas, everything worked fine in our room including the internet. If you're hoping for a great hotel for a cheaper price, try Westgate- hopefully you'll have aWestgate Owner check-in services was fast and very friendly. I was escorted to a door to the left of the line where there were water and cookies for owners =) I didn't get the clerks name but she moved us to a renovated room even though the agent over the phone forgot to create a note for it when I booked a week prior. I stayed at this hotel last year (before I was an owner), when it was the LVH. I don't feel like the rooms or the property changed much but its still a decent hotel to stay at. (Clean bedding, working light fixtures, comfy beds, etc) You have the monorail that will take you to and from the strip for ( I think ) less than $10 bucks. There's a really nice pool, buffet and casino. If your renting a car they even have a drop off for Hertz so you can drive straight to the hotel rather than to the airport and taking a cab in to the strip. This was extremely convenient, I'm glad I went with Hertz! Check out was simple, no added charges and they even gave us a complimentary 2-hour late check out so that we wouldn't have to kill as much time roaming around until the next destination. FYI- we went to the Flamingo Hotel to meet some friends where they were told "they don't do late check-outs AT all"-- how ridiculous! I would just like to see that they have nicer rooms or suites reserved for owners. Our home owned base is in South beach Miami where we have a 1 bedroom suite. I was told that owners would receive the same accommodating room size wherever we stay but this one was just a regular 2-bed hotel room.I used Hotel Tonight to book my room last minute. I showed up 10 minutes later and had no problem checking in. I paid a small 24.00 resort fee which is reasonable. They have helpful employees to answer any questions everywhere. By far of the hotels I've stayed at in Vegas this one has the best customer service. It's clean and updated. I was given a room with a great view. The room has a huge flat screen larger than the Mirage. I stood at the Mirage the night before and when I requested the price for an additional night I was given a rate of $409.00 when we only paid 183.00 the previous day! The Westgate cost $118.00. Would definitely consider returning. Oh and it is convenient to travel because it connect to the monorail. You can buy a 24 hour pass for $12.00 and that's better than a cab.New pool deck, built in monorail station gets you to the MGM in about 15 min, I can get up and down the strip until 3am, so no driving or cabs are needed.Top sports book, underated deli make this a decent place to stay.Overall, I had a good experience here.  It all started because I didn't pay for my room here.  Thanks to Hotel Tonight & the credit they gave me, I got away with paying only the resort fee.  Cool.  The place is kept up well enough for my taste.  Comfy beds, working AC, neat shops, and most off all....machines that paid! Yesssss!  The missing star is for the pushy employees who keep trying to get me to sign up for a "short presentation" on who-knows-what.  Anyway, even if I had paid full price for this place, I feel it would have been worth it.  I don't like staying too close to the strip because of the traffic at night.  If you do decide to stay here, you might want to check out the Hotel Tonight app.  If you use promo code sSaenz3 when you download it, you will get $25 towards your first booking.  That will sometimes cover the entire night or pretty close to it!  I would definitely stay here again, as mentioned, even if I had paid full price for the room.  For the post part, I had a positive experience here.  I was unable to eat at any of the eateries here, but maybe I'll try the next time I'm in town.Four of us stayed there from July 3rd-July 5th. Being a 3 day weekend I think I got a very good deal through Priceline.com. After reading all the bad reviews and I was pretty scared that the room was going to suck.Check-in was kind of a pain but like I said it was a holiday weekend so I understand. Our room was very nice, clean and our view was beautiful. Yes it far from the strip but they have the monorail right outside and we actually didn't use it. We valet the car and just drove to the Cosmopolitan and to the Encore where we did most of our partying. I deducted one star because our AC was not working. I called the front desk 2 times and was told they would send someone to fix it but they didn't. We called a third time and told them our room felt like an oven and we were dying lol. We were told they were very busy and would have someone go to our room or change us to another room. Within the hour a technician came in, checked the AC and told us the motor was not working. It was already pretty late and we wanted to party so we told him we would be gone so just come in the room and fix it. We returned to the room after 4am and the AC was fixed. YAY!!! The rest of our stay was great. Everyone was very nice and we never got approached by any of the timeshare people. On Sunday we visited the pool which was very nice...they closed it due to the weather but hey they cant control the weather so its all good.Overall it was a nice stay...better than Hooters where we stayed our  last night...I should have just payed the extra money to stay at the Westgate for that night because Hooters sucked.Anyway, my conclusion based on my stay is that people expect way to much. If you want a five star hotel then pay for one. This is definitely not the Caesars Palace but I could really care less. I go to Vegas to party not to stay in the room so I'm more than pleased with the Westgate and will definitely be staying there again.I'm giving this place for stars mainly because we got an amazing rate. We are staying one night, Sunday, for $40 - tax included. The room is actually very nice, surprising, again for the rate that we got.The people are very friendly. the various towers, are a little confusing. But, there were several helpful people willing to point out the right direction.  There is ample free parking, which is nice. But I wish you were a little closer to the strip. but, it's worth it because we're pretty close. We are across the street from Circus Circus and very close to the Riviera. I think you definitely need a car or plan to take a taxi if you're staying at this hotel.  The casino is OK. and there are several shops with various options. we stopped at a coffee shop as well - but they have a Pizza Hut Express and ice cream and lots of other restaurants. Lots of options. it's not just a hotel its a resort. &, again for the price it's a steal!Now I think the only negative thing so far for me would have to be that the rooms with 2 beds are not queens. They are  fulls. Now this could be my mistake for assuming that the beds would be queen sized (like every other hotel) but other than that it's a very nice hotel.  A lot of renovating but that's fine for me.Great hotel, great service and my room was fine too. I had a good view to strip. The only thing I wasn't happy with was that the ice machine on my floor wasn't working and I had to go to other floors to get ice. Over all this is a good place to spend few days in vegas.I really enjoyed myself here! I had a lobster roll at the main restaurant, I met dealers named Paul and Chanda, and they're really lovely people. If you guys ever get the chance, find Paul and Chanda! I stayed in a suite, and I felt it was on par, and even better looking than strip hotel rooms (cough, flamingo, cough.) However, the TV channels are extremely limited and that disappointed me.I enjoyed my stay here. It was our first time visiting Vegas and we rented a private house. However, due to lower airline prices, we decided to fly in a day before our private house was reserved. So we had to find somewhere to stay for one night only. We decided on Westgate. The line to check in was pretty long, but it moved quickly. The male that handled our check-in was fast and friendly. He gave us the option of what view we wanted. Our room was clean and spacious. It was nicely decorated and had a great television. THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY STAY: THE BED!!!!! It was amazing, and we couldn't get out of it. When we moved to our private house for the remainder of our trip, I found myself wishing I was back in that bed. It was like crack! The only complaint I have, is that we asked to be put in a non-smoking room. While our room was smoke free, smoke was heavy throughout the hallway, enough to bother me. I didn't play any at the casino, because I couldn't drag myself out of the magical bed, but it looked nice, clean and inviting. The price for what you get for your stay is fair. I would stay here again with no problem!One of the best values for a hotel in las vegas that is off the strip.The rooms: Mostly updated, the roo.s feature everything you need in a las vegas hotel room and are considerably larger in soze compared to rooms on the strip.Access: The ease of access to the LVCC is great. Not to mention there is a monorail stop at the hotel making it easy to hit the strip.Price:  Rooms starting at $45/night. Enough said.Casino: Not large, but has a great variety of options.Restaurants: A few to choose from. Two asian restaurants, a cafe, and a steakhouse . Moderately priced, but nothing notable.STAFF: Always the best cistomer servicenhands down. Overall Notes: Give this hotel a try...you will like it.For a last minute stay through Priceline for $18 ($40 with taxes & resort fees), this place was great! The beds were extremely comfortable. Room was clean, up to date and spacious with a huge flat screen tv. Would stay here again for an affordable, quiet, off the strip hotel room - especially for the price!OK APA National looking Good . Come by the tiger products booth lots of new stuff great prices awesome peopleCheck in for we had a personal concierge, Carmen, sweetest ever. Gave us a bit of history of hotel as taking us to our room. But let me back up. The front desk accommodated us to be close to our friends since we were there for APA nationals. Well room had looked as someone just left Carmen was so embarrassed. We went back to front desk. I told them no worries we can grab a drink while they clean it. They said no... We are upgrading so we received a mini suite for the four days.. Awesome.I read previous reviews and was dreading my stay. I entered the hotel expecting a long check-in line, instead I waited less than 10 mins and was greeted by a smiling and accommodating young lady who was pleasant and professional.  During the week, I have been to the Luxor and Venetian and observed registration lines of 50-100 people. The elevator waits have been minimal all week. Our room is nice, clean, and seems recently refurbished. We were not harassed about time shares, but, were approached a couple of times and when we said we aren't interested-they quickly relented. (Later in the week I just said "I'm an owner" when they would start to make their moves.)  I had a loud neighbor last night and I called security and they resolved it in ten mins. If the previous reviews are accurate, I believe the Westgate management heeded them and made many corrections. I paid 80 a night and it was a great value. I recommend the Westgate to anyone who wants a nice room at a good price.I frequent Vegas often and this was the first time staying at the Westgate.  My initial experience was over the top.  I was greeted by 3 friendly staff members and one escorted me to my room.  I checked in on a Thursday around 1PM.My room was newly renovated with very comfy bed and nice decore. Very Hilton like since it was a Hilton just a few months ago.  Every room comes with a mini fridge.  Nice bathroom and wash area setup.Casino area not the biggest but you can find all the games there.  Sportsbook is definitely the largest, a great place to watch a game or two even not betting.Food establishments are just okay.  Sid's Cafe got some good breakfast food but lousy service.  The Buffet was decent for the price, better than Sid's in my opinion. Deli by the Superbook got some excellent burgers and sandwiches and reasonably priced but very slow. Benehana and the Steakhouse were great.The elevators were very slow, a couple of rides took over 5 minutes to the 25th floor.Overall, an above average hotel in Vegas.  Will visit again for sure.We were going here ever since it was Hilton. The rooms are clean and the bed is firm. At least we can sleep well. The games slots are at least is keeping up with the strip. It is very near the strip and downtown. My kids love the buffet especially the pasta. They cook whatever you like with it. It's a little bit pricey though it is not bad. People are courteous    What else you can ask forI've been coming here for years. They have generously comped me multiple times. Slots have been off and on loose, at least I was able to play a while... I hate when machines don't even entice you to keep playing by wiping you out heartlessly. It is a little stale smelling, but it's a casino withsmoking permitted... How can they completely eliminate that smell for us in non-smoking, I don't know. I have always enjoyed the buffet: last night's prime rib was the tastiest I've tasted yet( I'm not picky, but It takes a lot for me to boast); husband was sad to see complimentary wine go away; great customer service (wish I remembered his name); overall great meal. Our room was an old Hollywood themed one. Finishings are nice: carpet felt soft underfoot, beds were comfy; TV was huge but no HD channels; toiletries sparse but okay; and great view of the Westgate signage( too bland, should've used circular Westgate logo lettering). Love having monorail so accessible!From 9/20/15We came to the Westgate after the Las Vegas Tattoo Expo to walk around see what restaurant options they have in this hotel-casino. The Westgate is right next to the Las Vegas Convention Center, on Paradise RD. This place looks kind of 80's-esk in appearance with its décor and all of the chandeliers hanging throughout the ceilings, but it was still nice looking and clean inside this casino. There were a bunch of Asian restaurants like Benihana, Riki Tiki Sushi,  and Silk Road Asian Bistro. Also, there are other options like Edge Steakhouse and some other eateries. There are a bunch of shops and of course gambling. We did not end up eating here, but will definitely be back next time since we now know what restaurants we want to try out for sure.This hotel definitely doesn't deserve the 2 stars that it has.  The staff was friendly.  The room was clean and comfortable.  I would stay here again.They were very accommodating! I didn't have a room here but I was here to watch some of the Pool tournament. being that I have trouble standing and walking for long periods if time I asked if there was a wheelchair scooter I could use for the day. They were very helpful and got me hooked up quickly, allowed me to keep it for the whole evening and did a quick and easy return the next morning. Good job guys, only wish is for a food place in there or around there to be open after midnight.I got a deal with flight and hotel through Spirit Airlines. I was worried after reading some of the reviews. I checked in and there was no line. I upgraded to the signature room (they are newly remodeled) and the room was beautiful, clean, and the bed was comfortable. The staff were friendly and the sports book is second to none. The buffet was awful, over cooked, no seasoning, and $27 for prime rib that was completely dark brown was the worst part of the stay. That's why they didn't get 5 stars.  I was not approached by the time share stalkers because I didnt go with my wife.  I witnessed many couples getting pestered by them. I would definately go back again. It was the Hilton prior to becoming the Westgate.  Also, loved the dealers and how friendly they were. Valerie was my favorite and she was a blast. Have fun and good luck!Not bad. My room was really good, clean and spacious enough and good temperature maintained. Customer service was pretty excellent I thought.Dined with family at Benihana. First time ever tried it,The New York steak was perfectly cooked and chicken fried rice was great. Very cool experience watching the chef prepare your food. Day before that tried a personal pan pizza from Pizza Hut, already made, yet crispy on the outside, not dense on inside with tasty toppings, never had that good, at least not recently, in SoCal/OC. Experience in casino was positive. I liked the Elvis stuff.Overall not fantastic, but very very good.My family Stayed there from 10/8/2015 - 10/10/2015.  Nice and spacious room.  A/C worked very well.  Super Book is the best!  Check in took less than 5 minutes.  Valet service was outstanding.  I forgot my receipt to pick up my car and the guy that helped me drilled me with questions to ensure that it was in fact my vehicle...awesome job!  Location is conveniently off the strip but close enough to get anywhere on the strip within minutes.  We enjoyed our stay.We stayed at this hotel October 8-12, 2015 for a Inline Hockey Tournament. The hotel was great and the beds were the best ever! If anyone can tell me the brand I would love to purchase one. We never heard our neighbors or hallway noise. More towels were provided then we could use and everyone was friendly. All eateries were affordable and delicious.Downside: terrible water pressure in the shower and we were constantly bombarded by time share sellers, very annoying especially when you're loaded down with luggage. The casino was clean and comfortable but waitresses were VERY scarce.It is far from the strip but the monorail is cheap and will get you there fast.My wife and I stayed here for a single night over a 4 day weekend and really enjoyed the stay. The room must have been recently renovated as it was very nice, huge flat screen tv, new furnishing, new tile and decor. Overall, we were both very impressed with the room and this was after having gotten the reservation less than a week in advance from a discount site through Trivago, for a price that was lower than what the hotel themselves were able to give us. The room, as I said, was redone and had a more modern feel to it. I really have no complaints about the room, I didn't go over it with a blacklight or anything, but it easily felt like a $200+ room.The casino looks good. It seems more up to date than other Casinos in terms of games available and the Sports Book area is definitely impressive.Only drawback for me is that it's off the strip and requires driving, taxi or monorail to get to another casino. Not a deal breaker by any means.Stayed here twice when it was the Hilton. First time as Westgate. No complaints. Staff is super friendly. Food is delicious. Very impressed with the room. Was on the 28th floor facing the strip. Best part of the Westgate is the nightly rate and the convenience of the monorail. Would stay here again. Highly recommended.I stayed here last week.  I booked this online, THEN read reviews.  I thought I rented something out of the roach motel, given how people are talking.This place is getting shellacked here.  It really does not deserve it.  Not at all, in my experience.It's an older hotel.  It's being renovated. We upgraded to a remodeled room.  It was perfectly nice, and it was clean.  It had a large flat screen TV.  The casino was nice, too.  I mean, it's a casino.  The room was supposed to be non-smoking, but smelled of smoke, I think the person next door was smoking.  It's Las Vegas.  People smoke. It is off the strip.  You need to take the monorail or drive.  I found no problems with either.  Not much for kids here.  It's not a theme park.  It's a hotel.  They have a pizza and ice cream place, though.  We ate at a couple places onsite, it was fine.  Benihana was fun, it's really nice looking.We weren't pestered by timeshare people.  We were treated nicely by everyone.They are still working to renovate it further.  Looks like they're adding an Italian restaurant. Basically, at the prices they are currently charging, it's a really good bargain.  People want to pay nothing and end up at the Bellagio.  This isn't the Bellagio, but it's really quite acceptable, and we had a great time.  I'd be more than happy to go back again.The hotel overall is a good spot to rest. The beds and bedding and nice very comfortable. There is some old around the tile in the bathroom which can make things look unclean even though they may be. Everything from the fixtures in the bathroom to the telephone is very dusty. The TV is huge which is a nice touch. Our room is overlooking the strip which is a great view if the windows are clean. Overall gave this hotel for Starz . Some areas of the hotel may seem a bit well used but because of the comfortable beds and bedding and the clean rooms although the appearance was given to the room was unclean by the mold in the bathroom I would definitely stay here again. I did take time to enjoy the pool area which is nice.I stayed at this hotel 3/13/15- 3/15/15 and was very pleased. No it's not a fancy hotel, but the bed was very comfortable and everything was neat, clean, and worked fine for me. One thing that I will complain about was that when I first turned on the water in the bathroom sink a big of dirt came out. After a second or so the water ran clear and wasn't dirty again the rest of my stay. I just assumed that the water had been shut off at some point and once they turned it back on that's what happened. I read some of the reviews and was skeptical about staying, but am glad that we did. I am staying there again next week and will be bringing my own K-Cups and mug for the coffee machine and will be sure to "Go Green" as soon as we get in the room to get our $10 vouchers for each day. Also- the resort fee sucks, but I believe all hotels in Vegas have resort fees now. The people in the lobby do hound you quite a big about watching the timeshare videos also. But I highly recommend that you stay here and stay for yourself. Don't let all of the negative reviews steer you away.Stayed in March 2015, Signature room, which was clean and renovated. Staff was friendly and prompt. Concierge lounge is worth the price, which offers breakfast, appetizers and drinks.Tuve una mala experiencia con la limpieza de la habitacion, pero el manager del hotel se disculpo y elimino los fees y regalo un valet para el buffet del hotel que esta bueno!

3. Desert - The "Mojos" are probably one of the best frozen deserts I've ever had. Ice cream wrapped in rice crispy treats. The ice cream can change daily, the servers usually do not know what flavor it will be. The menu states this as well.

Asiago Gnocchi w/Lamb Ragu (++) / sometimes chewy, good flavor

-The beef tenderloin and aji panca was great and it was perfectly spicy.. very juicy (not dry at all)

on rye sandwich, with many choices of cheese.  Try it with pepper jack, super good!  Their burgers are amazingly fresh, and juicy.  Probably the best burger I have had in a long time.

Mushroom Pizza

The exhibit also contains animal mummies and all sorts of artifacts that were found with the mummies, like mummy powder of ground up mummies that was used as medicine, tools used during the mummification process or jars used to store the organs that had been removed.

If I could just rate the scallop and halibut, I would give it 4 stars. I wouldn't say I was impressed with the service and drinks.First time here staff were excellent we celebrated our 2year anniversary here food was amazing perfect size portions I was a little disappointed in the pea Parmesan risotto hut everything else was so good we had our 14 month old son with us it was a fancy atmosphere with a laid back casual feel we will be back again.The BF and I love coming to Cioppino for cocktails and cigars - their cigar bar is awesome all around and I could spend hours here!  On my most recent visit this past weekend, we were trying to pass some time between a wedding ceremony and reception in the Strip. The complimentary valet was especially appreciated on this rainy day!  Upon arriving, we grabbed two large, comfy chairs next to the bar and waited for the bartender to take our orders: an Acid Blondie and glass of Sauvignon Blanc for me, and a Kuba Kuba cigar for Lee.  They present the cigars to you on a metal tray, complete with a cutter and butane lighter.  The bartender asked if we would be ordering any food, and since our stomachs were grumbling at the thought of having to wait through the typical wedding reception festivities before we were served dinner, we decided to nosh on half a dozen oysters.  They arrived quickly, perfectly chilled and served with two yummy sauces.  One of them was more of a mayonnaise-type sauce, and the other was more of an oil that had a serious but welcome kick to it.  6 oysters disappeared in about 60 seconds and I was starting to wish we had ordered more! They were delicious!  I keep batting around the idea of coming here for an actual dinner, perhaps on a Tuesday when they have dollar oysters!I will say though, that when we received our check I was pleasantly surprised:  the 6 oysters only ran us $12 -- $2 a pop!  The flavor and quality for that price completely blew my mind.  I will absolutely be back again for more and am hoping that they continue to impress... I'll be sure to update with a 5 star review when they do!One last tip:  if you are visiting the cigar bar, the high top tables just inside the entrance (along the windows) are some of my least favorite.  The way the venitaliton system is set up and depending on which seat you are sitting in, the smoke will keep blowing right in your companion's face.  Just a little tip that we now use to determine where we will (or won't) sit when we go here :)I have eaten here several times, both with family and business and it has been great every time.  The location is nice because its off Smallman so its out of the hustle and bustle and the Cigar Bar is probably the nicest in the city.  The only possible downside is pricing is slightly high for the food level but not a reason to stay away.  Great date or special dinner location.This place was better than I thought it would be, although it is a bit pricey. But, as I've learned since moving to Pittsburgh, any restaurant you go to that is under $30 a plate is someplace crowded and noisy. If it's under $30 a plate and it's not crowded and noisy, it probably ain't that good. Places like Cioppino are really the only places you can go to enjoy a nice, quiet meal. It's a calming atmosphere inside, and all of the food as well as drinks we ordered were really good. I'd like to eat there regularly, but I'm not that rich.I'm a book woman, and I often feel guilty about how I'm contributing to the demise of cool little book stores by buying so much on Amazon or other online outlet. Real Eyes has the cure for the ailing small bookstore.It's got enough character to get your attention...enough character to get me up off my couch, out from in front of the laptop, and into the store. They have a great selection of all kinds of books, and best of all, they are striving to create a real strong sense of community. From the Charlotte Literary Festival to the other events and readings that they schedule throughout the year, they're doing a great job of encouraging our town to pay attention to word culture.Real Eyes is my favorite used bookstore in Charlotte. It's got a nice balance of fiction and nonfiction, with a surprisingly rounded stash of art and photography. And their prices are ridiculously low--most times even lower than marked on the book covers. The owner is really helpful and friendly, and the tea/coffee guy is always willing to talk about health and food fads.I was surprised to walk into Green Light and see artwork from one of my fellow classmates from high school posted in the front of the studio.  Bracken had a set of beautiful oil paintings with a veggie theme like Coupling Peppers.  This was my favorite one, because the loving peppers were embracing each other and full of color while the rest of the world behind them was dim and bleak.  Green Light had a big open room of paintings and then several open rooms with art from many different painters and photographers.  I liked small rooms more, it allowed me to become more intimate with each piece rather than be surrounded by gawking, impatient strangers.  There was one last piece that I thoroughly enjoyed called the Tree of Secrets.  It was made from twigs and it had a little creature poking its head out from a hole in his twig house.  In front of the sculpture  there were pens and slips of notebook paper to write secrets on and throw inside the little man's abode.  I loved it here, I will definitely return.Green Rice is one of my favorite galleries in Charlotte. In addition to exhibiting the paintings and other work of various artists, five artists have studio space in the gallery. So if you stop there you might get to watch them work on a new piece or explore their art that's on display. Green Rice is a must-see if you're on a gallery crawl or just hanging out in NoDa. I particularly love the textile-inspired artwork of Allison Hertzler, who started the gallery about five years ago.Gallery Owner, Carla Garrison constantly puts together one of the most innovative and thought provoking local art collections month after month.

*  3C IPA - this one had some great hops for us hopheads

Crispy baby corn Manchurian was yummy too . lastly we ordered fresh lichi ice cream it was soo good .Really loved their pan fried chilli paneer. My wife loved deir sweet chilli sauce. Wanted to buy 1 ;)The atmosphere is pleasant, comfortable, and extremely inviting. A real calming vibe is in the air at the  Inchin Bamboo Garden. Fast and friendly service paired with good food.  Our server was helpful, nice, and gave us some good suggestions with our food choices. Honestly, besides are server 2 other employees can to ask us how are meal was and if the spice was right. A super bonus, they have a gluten free menu so you don't have to take a stab in the dark.cool idea, interesting food. Not sure it is my thing though. I will have to explore it more and update my review.This is good place to have a gathering with authentic Chinese dishes and good servicing.Food is very tasty.. Taste exactly matches with the Chinese we get in India. Indo-chinese cuisine.

TICKET PRICE WORTH EVERY PENNY!Very Good show.  His illusions were sweet and he was also funny.  The show is really funny if most of the people he picks don't speak much english then you will be laughing pretty hard.  He picks a decent amount of people to go up stage for tricks.  The theatre i thought would be big but it isn't that big especially compared to Penn and Teller. Every seat there is pretty close to the stage. A bad part is the ticket pricing for the show will set you back over 100 dollars.  A definitely must see.Absolute pro. That's why he's David Copperfield...the guy makes every other magician seem like a birthday party clown.This is probably my 8th "magic" show to attend in Vegas and besides Penn & Teller, he's the only other entertainer whose tricks I just can't figure out and he does it on a larger scale than them...some of his stuff is utterly impossible...and when you think that a magic trick has run flat, like, "eh, I know how he does that, it wasn't that great"...another element comes into play that just completely throws a WTF twist in...like those arm bands they pass out to the audience...put it on and see what happens for one of his tricks.One of the drawbacks, I'd have to say on the night we went was that probably 75% of the audience were from other countries so some of the volunteers he picks don't understand English that well and it's like "Damn, I just want to see the #$% trick"...not his fault but it disrupts the flow of the show sometimes...but that's only a credit to him being a worldwide draw...people from all over Europe were there...but Copperfield plays into it well when he has a foreigner up there and is witty and sharp and kind of makes fun of the fact that they gave a dumb answer or seem clueless as to what is going on.Many people's reviews said he seemed tired and burnt out...I didn't feel that way...and I saw him back in 1988 in New York...more than 25 years later, the guy still has it, great showmanship as always.Penn and Teller

*$9.99 - Shrimp poboy with fries. The poboy was a little small compared to what I'm used to , but otherwise it was perfect. They fly their bread in from new orleans and the shrimp were so delish! The best poboy I've ever had outside of nola!Overall I'll be back. Their dessert menu looked incredible (bananas foster, bread pudding!). Prices weren't bad ($7.99-$12.99 per entree). Service was polite and speedy. Give them a try Yelp!hit lola's last night with gf and sis. this is the 3rd restaurant at this spot ( i ate at one of the others - the name escapes me ) in the last two years or so. decent job in remodeling the place - simple, yet comfortable. sis had cup of gumbo, crab cake dinner; gf had bronze catfish with grits; i tried the gumbo and jambalaya. they provide a sorry ass basket of stale bread ( maybe it's meant to soak in the gumbo - who knows ? ) gumbo ( $4.25 ) - cup - alot of shredded chicken, small shrimp , some andouille sausage bits a lil bit of okra - decent taste. personally, i prefer a darker roux /base - provides a little nuttier, richer taste but still, not bad. the crab cake dinner - 2 nice sized crab cakes on a bed of greens - nice portion of crab in the cake - good flavor. the greens ok to but it had the look of an appetizer - asked the server if it's the appetizer , " no the appetizer is one crab cake ) - $15 - a little pricey - but still good. the jambalaya ( $10 ) - very good, spiced just right, good mix of sausage and chicken ( did not go with the shrimp option - $13 ) - the andouille sausage slices on top tasted like smoked polish sausage , possibly farmer john brand - ok by me. the winner was the catfish / grits. the description mentioned a mushroom ragu - but it should be mushroom surprise as in try and find the mushroom ! still, great cheesy grits, tender flaky catfish browned, not blackened. sorry, i forget the price but pretty sure under $15. we shared the bananas foster - very good - wanted to try the bread pudding but i ain't up for the raisins ! overall, service pleasant. Had a nice chat with the manager ( or was it the owner ) - giving my 2 cents and more importantly, well wishes that they succeed - SHOW SOME LOCAL LOVE PEOPLE !pics postedSolid place. Went for a quick lunch. Service was fast and polite. Got a Blackened Shrimp Po Boy. Very tasty, looking forward to trying other menu items.This is my first time at Lola's and probably one of my few southern style restaurants, but I enjoyed my experience there.  It had a very cozy ambience with friendly service.  Oh and how cute!  Lola actually picked up the phone to take my reservation!  Here's the spotlight on the food =)

3) The egg dish was amazing.  Sweet, savory, and perfectly cooked. I could have eaten 100 of them.

Dynamite Roll

Peppered bacon

Alan/ New YorkA throughly enjoyable evening, in spite of the fact that they were out of the bone marrow when we arrived.The setting is very French with the requisite zinc bar and black and white tile floor. Loud, but appropriately so. Snug but not uncomfortable. The rilette and chicken liver pate were very good and abundant, and the cornichons are a nice touch. We had Hanger steak frites and Pot au feu. The steak was expertly cooked with restrained seasoning and a luscious herb butter. The frites were thick and served with aioli. My wifes Pot au Feu was less successful, the individual elements were very good, but they just didn't seem to come together.The wine list is excellent and fairly priced, although more by the glass selections would be nice. The service was spot on. Pleasant, helpful without being cloying. My glass of Haut-Medoc was off and swept away without question.We felt it very fairly priced with the aforementioned meals, one cocktail (a rare in Montreal, High Ball glass with plenty of Gin!) 4 glasses of wine for $120.

Prices are always discounted and well worth it.

- ate at the buffet, gambled, had fun at the Adventuredome, and used the poolI will admit, you get what you pay for but in our case, it was well worth the inexpensive stay with our ten and five year old. Every single staff member there were incredibly nice and helpful, the room was pretty awesome (my husband let out the loudest sigh of relief because he remembers how it was when he was a kid), it was very VERY clean, everything worked, we had a great view, and wifi was fast and always worked. We obviously spent time at Adventuredome and the pool, both of which were clean and great for kids. Even the high schoolers working the games were nice! The pool, although a little outdated, was very clean, and had plenty of clean towels and life jackets for the kids. The snack bar line could use more help because I ended up waiting almost 30 minutes for a snow cone and the showers in the women's restroom were broken. This casino is not the best to gamble at since it has only a dozen or so machines but they paid out handsomely:) All in all, for the price, it's worth it, it's not filled with ghetto people the rooms were great, and service was impeccable.I stayed here for 3 nights in the casino tower hotel with my husband and teenage son. The room prices are fantastic, and you get large rooms. The casino is very smokey, but all casinos in Vegas are, so I can't knock them down for that. They have a very nice pool, and the Midway is great for kids of all ages. The employees we encountered were friendly and helpful. I would go back to Circus Circus.Had a great time this year. We were here last year as well. The rooms are clean . Staff was friendly. Bring your own water as they want 3 dollars a bottle. But what do you expect it's Vegas. Adventure Dome was fun as usual. Kids had a great time.I have never stayed here but I like coming to bring my nieces and nephews!  -1 star because it needs major renovations! This is the only kid friendly hotel (aside from Excalibur) & smoking should be band!!!! It smells so bad in here. . . . Anyway, I love adventuredome & the arcade. You can spend a few dollars per stuff animal but its worth it to see the kids happy. They have a free show every 45min so make sure you look at the times so that you can sit 30 min before the show to get good seats!. . . Feel like a kid again in here ;) . . .So we came in at 3a, long line to check in, but we were upgraded to a mini site for free. Card machine want working so they had security open or door for us (didn't mind since we were only spending one night here) but the check was very friendly and security merry us at our door and was wise cranking commissioner Gordon! Haha, great guy. Nice little suite, comfy bed, nice soft/firm pillows, regular bathroom, didn't drain to fast but will enough. I do enjoy occasionally gambling here, and after this room, maybe might actually stay here instead of just a one time napThis hotel is very affordable. We got a lot more than we thought we would for the price. The room was well stocked, clean, and came with complementary wifi. The air conditioning worked very well which is important in the Las Vegas weather. The service from the front desk was above average. Personally, I don't like having housekeeping in daily so I just put the "do not disturb" sign on my door and I was never interrupted by housekeeping. Whenever I needed anything I asked housekeeping and I would get it. The location could be a bit better. Overall, this hotel is a great deal.The fam & I stayed here from june 25 to 27th. We simply loved it. Room was huge and we had great service. This was my first trip to Vegas but I'm already planning my next. Thank u Circus CircusCame here for Adventuredome and Midway Circus. Both events are ideal fun for the whole family. The prices for the rides at Adventuredone and the arcade games at Midway are very reasonable. Midway is awesome! The best part is it's FREE! Different acts every 30 to 45 minutes! While Adventuredome has a 10 minutes clown act every hour. You don't have to be a guest at this hotel to enjoy the fun.Went there for a week for business and to see my wife compete in a dance competition.  The room in skyrise was nice and good for the price and was well kept.  I loved the midway and arcade which had fun for the whole family plus shows all the time.  It's also close to the strip if you want to check it out but dosn't have all the congestion and traffic of the strip.Went on a road trip and spontaneously decided to go to Vegas. Looked online for a family hotel and chose Circus circus! Great place to stay at if you have kids. The circus shows were interesting and entertaining. The arcade and games were pretty cheap. The hotel itself was decent although the shower kept on getting clogged haha. The adventure some was perfect for my nieces. They enjoyed the rides. Tons of gift shops and food places. Super close to the Strop! Walkable to other places!I am SO happy I did not really care to pay attention to many of the negative reviews on Circus Circus! Complain about walking? Really? This is Vegas! You walk, you eat, you gamble, you have fun, and you visit other hotels just wishing you could afford one of those rooms for a couple days!!!!! DUH! I'll just tell you my experience. I went with my 6 year old and my husband from Sunday to Wednesday. This hotel with flight included cost under $400 each. Not only was it affordable (one reason to not compare it to other hotels on the strip DUH #1) but it also gave us spending money to go visit the Adventuredome which was SOOOOO MUCH fun! That costed $25 each and we went and came back later after taking a stroll down the strip. There are a lot of families which equates to LOTS of kids, cousins, grandmas, and uncles around because it is family friendly (another reason to not compare it to other hotels on the strip DUH #2). We also went to eat at THE STEAK HOUSE and OMG, I had the best filet mignon I had ever eaten and I have been to a lot of fancy steak houses. It did cost $52 but it included a delish salad which included beets and orange tomatoes. Along with two sides. We also ate at some of the more affordable places such as the Blue Iguana and the Pizzaria. I just would NOT go to Vince Neil's spot. The margaritas were horrible along with the service and the chicken fingers my husband threw up after 30 minutes of eating them. Either way, I appreciate the affordability and quality of food for the other spots. My husband also gambled at the $3 Blackjack table! He had so much fun because once again...this place is affordable. (DUH #3). I did not give it five stars because the pool is lacking some updating but it was still a decent pool, however remodeling it in the near future may help with the visual aspect of Circus Circus. In the end, ALWAYS wash your hands whether at Circus Circus or the Bellagio and I would definitely come back...only with kids.Yay! no smoking allowed anymore, me and the kids can finally breathe!The Midway is full of fun games but prepare to lose lots of money and come back with a lot of stuffed animals for all your little cousinsDon't forget to watch a couple of free performances, all of which are pretty good for free (ppl juggling with feet and trapeze acts)This hotel is not very expensive and all in all it's OK. Nice for kids, pool is OK, we've been treated well, just minus 1 because the non-smoking room still smelled (ex smoking room i suppose).Tip: there is a very good mexican reastaurant just around the corner, the El Dorado Cantina90% of the time I come to Vegas I stay here. It's simple and very affordable. Key tip is book the West tower. It's the closest to the valet. You won't encounter the large amount of kids like you would in the Manor lodge and Skyrise plus those have no valet.We've stayed here quite a few times in the last 10 years and have always been happy with our stay. A detailed review about our many stays....Check in: is usually quite quick but make sure you're checking in at check in time especially on a holiday or a weekend as rooms may not be ready. Staff is usually friendly but I've had a few times where they weren't. Hey, everyone's allowed a bad day right? Kids: yes, there are lots of unsupervised children running around acting like children. This is a hotel geared towards families so if running, screaming, playing children bother you then it might be best to consider another place to stay. The adventure dome is a lot of fun for both adults and children. The games and attractions are pretty cheap and your normal run of the mill circus games. Rooms: we've stayed in many different types of rooms and you are best off to avoid the manor rooms as they are a walk from the casino and main entrance. There used to be a mono rail type thing that crossed the casino but I don't think it's in operation anymore. We mostly stay in suites now since my players club card either comps the room or makes it very cheap. I do love the suites! They're large, clean, have a wonderful whirlpool tub and are a little more updated then other rooms. Food: there are dining options for every taste and price point. The steakhouse is the best by far I've eaten at on the strip. The portions are huge, the food is excellent and the decor is nice. I've used points towards meals here and paid $7.00 for 2 prime rib dinners within appetizer,dessert and cocktails. The Mexican/Italian resturant is unique in selections and is pretty good for American Mexican/Italian food. I haven't had anything that I was disappointed in eating and I'm a foodie. Casino/comps/games: one of the most annoying things I ever experienced here was being carded to the point I felt almost harassed. I was carded twice before I even made it to the bar and then a bartender called security on my very valid California ID acting like it was fake. They asked if I had any other forms of ID which I had to go to my room to get and then acted suspicious of my civilian ID from a military base. Two valid government issued IDs and they still acted if I was under age and trying to pull something on them....I was 25 at the time. Another bartender asked me my year of birth, when I graduated high school and other questions that I felt kind of harassed by also to verify my age. this only happened at one stay and they may have been on a strict ID policy or had an age issue recently happen. Still very annoying to the point I began playing across the street which hurt my points and comp ability. It's a regular run of the mill casino, typical games. I do like playing slots on the carasouel and I'm not a big slot player. This hotel comps very very well. I play table games 90% of the time, roulette, craps and a little blackjack. I was very pleased with after just 2 days of playing I had enough points to pay for a $95 dinner at the steakhouse. Yes, this hotel needs a pick me up and make over but as those of us with kids know....you don't get kids really nice things because they tear them up. I understand the hotel not spending millions of dollars to have children tear up everything. I've never had issues with my car but I always vallet, it's worth it to me. I've never had any issues with vallet or the bell hops. The staff is usually very helpful and polite. The hotel is located at the end of the strip and is closer to Freemont street then the strip in my opinion. It's a fun place to stay for a decent price. It's worth the extra bucks to upgrade to a suite and to vallet/bell your bags. If the children bother you then avoid the adventure dome and kids eateries. Also, try and avoid the first few weeks and last few weeks of summer as that's when it's most over run by kids. If you're expecting a fancy hotel/casino like other places on the strip then you will be disappointed. Don't be afraid to let the front desk know if you're not happy with the room as they have always been helpful in correcting or relocating in my experience. Even if you don't stay or play here the steakhouse is must when in Vegas, it's seriously some of the best food and service I've ever had.I just stayed here again (Casino Tower) and I was very happy with my stay as i had been the last few times i 've stayed. I do not have any problems at this hotel and I find the Casino Tower rooms to be my favorite. I plan on continuing to stay here.Parking can be an ordeal as ths hotel is very busy and check in lines can be long but they have many agent windows open (more than other hotels) so the line will go down much quicker.Circus circus is a bit beat up, but it is still fun to go to. The dinner buffet is pretty decent, but could use some work. It also gets pretty busy there and the crowds are ridiculous, but it is a fun place for families and anyone who wants to have a fun time! (:People, stop booking the manor rooms and then complaining about them.  The west tower and casino tower rooms are fine - large and clean.  The hallways have a pleasant scent.  The casino was clean.  The Adventuredome was clean.  Sure there were kids walking with their parents (not in the gaming area) but none were unruly.  I saw worse kids at the grocery store yesterday.  There is security all over.  The bus stops immediately next door at Slots-A-Fun to head south or directly in front of Riviera across the street to go downtown.  Bus passes are $8.00 for 24 hours and we got four rides each out of them.  We have absolutely no complaints about our stay.I did not stay, just visited and played blackjack.  I was expecting a circus, but there was none. Lots of midway games for the kids and some tiny free acts to watch.  No circus :(

-large bed area with TV

I ordered the blue cheese burger and my wife ordered the Veggie burger. She commented that this was probably the best tasting Veggie burgers she has ever had....My Blue Cheese burger was cooked perfect and had a nice flavor to it....really enjoyed this meal and we will return...this place was a great find!For better or for worse, I think I've eaten at Stripburger more than any other place in Vegas.  But for good food at a cheap price with great people watching, can you blame me?Pretty much everything on the menu is under $10, but it is a la carte.My standard order is:

Super extensive menu for the picky non meat eating person. I ordered the vegetarian tamales. Artichoke and spinach and a jalapeno hummus. They were delicious. They also had a black bean/corn one which they were out of but did sound delicious! I also got veggie rice dish with kung pao sauce, beat salad and my cutie got the beef burger..which is was super pleased with. I will absolutely be a regular here and I'm looking forward to trying some other dishes that caught my eye. My only complaint was we made our order to go and didn't realize until we got home they forgot to pack our side hummus/chips..but I called and they were more than happy to let me come by again when I can and get that order picked up .Ill be back!Food was good, service was good! Salmon was cooked as requested, sides were tasty. I would recommend and go again!Herb 'n Flavors suffers from a lame name and horrible location, but it's close to my apartment and serves exactly the food I'm looking for. I love when servers know all the ingredients in their dishes and can help me find the right fit for my strict diet.Our server (Brent, I think?) was terrific and clever. He guided me to the warm lentil and spinach salad, which was delicious, and my date loved her gyro.This place is the real deal for vegetarians, healthy eaters and sugar-free diets.I have been here on several occasions for lunch/dinner. Service was good, food is good, prices are decent. I always order the gyro and hummus for an app. I just wish they served rice with the gyro! I love rice.Herbs n Flavors was excellent!!! My mom is on a strict diet and their food was perfect for her. Not bland full of flavor and tons of choices.  We will be back the next time we are in townCame for the funny name, but stayed for the good food. Boyfriend took me here once because of the extensive GF options. We shared the Caprese as an appetizer - not bad, but even I can prepare that. He had something that he enjoyed and I had the shawarma. It was delicious. I definitely want to come back. Any place that he can eat and I enjoy is a good place in my book.Cute little place, modern with out being trendy. The ecletic menu has manu options for veg and others.I opted for the top of the line dish, the mahi, with a sweet glaze ontop a bed of hummus. It has a slightly fishy aroma but it was well cooked and the flavors were clean. For me the real winner here is the falafel fries. They are offered as a side dish and you would be mistaken for not giving them a try.Good food. Service is a bit slow and its a bit dark inside, but amazing lentil and spinach salad. Kale and beet salad also good. Only let down was the burger and the falafel fries which were overcooked.This place was really good. It's really hard to find organic options that are reasonably priced. They had very flavorful food and its prepared as healthy as possible. We'll be back!They claim the best sandwich in America. I'm going to agree that they are really really really good. They also deliver. The Bobbie, Cheese-steak, and the Capastrami are all crazy good!So I see all these negative reviews and, rather than deterring me from going back to Capriotti's, what are my thoughts? "Great, shorter lines for me!" Really, no joke.Okay so in all fairness I only ever eat one thing here. Which never happens. Ever. Here though, I always get the Cran Slam Club, and it never, ever fails to satisfy. I think I may have tried something else at a different location years ago... but since I tried that club, there's been no going back.Oh and to the person complaining about a limited selection of chips, quick tip: Go to the counter where you ordered...... look down. You're welcome. :-)I love Capriotti's! I used to go to them a lot in Vegas when I lived there. Then I saw a coming soon sign for them and all most crashed my car rubber necking to make sure I wasn't seeing things. After not having any for almost 2 years I was so excited to walk-in to a Capriotti's. I was not disappointed!The food is great and I highly recommend the Bobbie or the Capastrami!!Only down side is there a bit pricey. In the end it's worth it and I'm very happy I don't have to drive 4.5 hours anymore to get a specialty sub.Tasty sandwich.  I got the 9" Capastrami.  Pretty different flavors & textures than what I'm used to and it was soooo good!  The last thing we need is yet another version of Subway/Jersey Mike's/Jimmy John's etc etc.  The fresh baked and pulled meat is super delicious.  I had exceptional service.  Joe walked me through all the varieties of sandwiches and told me all about her favorites.  The two guys in the food prep area also both greeted me & wished me a good evening when I left.  Friendly, fast, overall great!Just tried Capriottis, i was very impressed, great sandwich, i got the Pastrami signature sandwich they have. Tasty, Great bread...i'll be back for sure! bit pricey but hey, everywhere is nowIt's weird that that the reviews are so skewed for Capriottis Sandwich Shop. I have eaten here several times, and have enjoyed it each time. I think the thing that hurts them more than anything else is the "Best Sandwich In America" banner hanging out front. The sandwiches are really good... but best in America is a little far reaching.That being said... I usually get the "Bobby"... Thanksgiving on a bun! It's a pretty damn good sandwich... it you like thanksgiving dinner. The turkey is freshly made, as is the stuffing they put on the sandwich. I have also had the meatball sub... also very good. I like this place. And I am pretty sure you will like this place. Make sure you tell them you signed up for their "text message" program to get a free drink and chips on your first visit.I've tried the capastrami and the cole turkey, both are delicious!  They don't use sliced turkey on their sandwiches, they use shredded roasted turkey breast which is very nice.  It is a little bit pricey but the portions are huge compared to other sandwich places so it evens out.  You can definitely get two meals out of one small sub.The staff is also very nice.  One time I had to wait for them to make a new batch of coleslaw to complete my sandwich and the manager offered me a free drink for having to wait so long.OMG this was one of the best sub sandwiches I have had in a really long time!  I had the opportunity to try a few things: 1) the black and bleu salad, which I had with the cranberry dressing.  It was really delicious and just what I was looking for. I also got to try the ham and cheese and the Italian. Both were fantastic. They used some kind of seasoning...an oil and vinegar maybe...that gave the sub such wonderful flavor. I am excited to try the Bobby next time. A friend of mine got it and she was very impressed that the bread was not soggy at all because of the cranberry sauce, but another friend said the cranberry sauce was a little too sweet. Personally I don't mind a little too sweet, but if you are sensitive to it, you might want to scrape some of the cranberry off or ask them to go light.  One con: I got a cookie and while it was delicious, I am not sure it was made there, and I really am a huge fan of cookies which are made on site.I'm basically a chain-hater (well, I dont hate them, but I try to avoid them).

KevinEasiest airport in America to get in and out of!So much easier to get in and out of than Sky Harbor.  Check in is normally very quick, and security is fast at their job.  I just with they had more flights to more placesYes complicated to reach here or get out if you don't have a car or a rental. But when you have a good group of crazy CSers, things get easy.Main airline is Allegiant. If you were clever and didn't purchase all their "preference" fees, then you'll need to arrive earlier. Security check was a relief, and the waiting areas are enough for all the passengers. Free Wifi and the chance to save in a good deal flight!I've never been to a small size airport like this before so it's hard to compare it to another airport. I really enjoy the small size of it, makes it unique. There are basically three buildings, you have the front check-in building, the back building behind the courtyard with gates 1-4 and then a middle building to the side with gates 5 and 6 which also has the baggage claim on the other side of the wall. I personally prefer Sky Harbor because I can ride the light rail straight there, but this airport does have a bus with half hour frequency. Take route 184, Power Road southbound and it drops off right across from the front door. Everyone seems more friendly here too, probably without having the masses wearing them down everyday, the employees here still have a personality lol. Great low priced fares from Allegiant, good service, resonable food and drink option and it looks like they are expanding for Spirit Airlines to join this fall (2012). Overall a very good experience, I would suggest this airport as an alternative to anyone living out here near Mesa or if you don't mind the hour drive from the West Valley. I will most likely use this airport again.Quaint little airport, I expected shorter wait lines, but we made it to the plane before it took off. That's all I need.Such a great airport experienceThe airport is great.  The airlines suck.  But since this is a review for the airport itself, I'll ignore how terrible, terrible the tenants are.The facility itself is nice.  It's small and made up of several buildings.  It's not particularly close to town, but it's not that far away, and if you need to fly out of here, it's not inconvenient, and traffic to and from is very light.There is a pretty good restaurant and bar on site with good grub and affordable prices, and there are the usual airport shops.  The best part is the outdoor area (weird for an airport - I know).  There is a sort of courtyard between all the buildings, and considering the usual pleasantness of Phoenix weather, it's a nice relaxing place to sit while waiting for a flight.  It beats sitting in a terminal!Oh, and they have free wi-fi, so you can stream movies to your computer or phone, which is especially nice since cellular service sucks out that far (at least on AT&T).Because of the size, security is a breeze.  On-site parking is very close.  You could park, walk to the terminal, and get through security in 10 minutes (though you should always get to an airport early).Parking is cheap.  Not much more to say about that.OH, BONUS TIP!  If you go to school at ASU or work at ASU and have an ASU parking permit, this airport is right next to the Polytechnic Campus.  Like right next to campus.  Most ASU permits have reciprocal parking privileges at the Polytechnic Campus, so check to see if yours does.  If you can park there (which almost anyone with an ASU permit can), you can park on campus and walk an extra five minutes.  BAM!  Free parking!  Yeah, the parking at the airport is only $8 a day, but if you're gone for a week, save yourself $50 by walking five minutes.I enjoy it cuz it's 5 minutes away from me.  I could fling the same negative comments about Sky Harbor being to far but I've been there and there's a thing called google map.  The receptionist was ok, gave me grief about spelling my friends last name wrong.  Flights are a bit behind.  I just like the easy access, the laid back atmosphere and the charter flights to Laughlin, no one else does that.Let's make this simple:The Good:- Easy drop off and pick.

Orion - Fantastic!

Good Fries

Service was amazing at the beginning but we felt that our main server, Charles, was really pushing on selling the menu. When we didn't "buy" all that he wanted us to it seemed as if our service started lacking. In fact, we were there for an anniversary, which they knew, and acknowledged. The table next to us was there for an anniversary as well and the server brought them a dessert at the end with a candle and acknowledged the anniversary again....we received nothing. Not a huge deal but would have been a nice touch, especially with the table next to us receiving such from a different server.First off, the service was EXCELLENT. My only complaint is that the food was too heavy and complicated; ironically a Gordon Ramsay no-no. They have a meat cart they bring over to help you choose your steak. I had a fillet and my husband had the NY Strip. We started with salads (VERY good) and the bread (I always love bread and they give you a yummy variety). For sides we had a loaded potato, puréed mashed potatoes and okra. The potatoes were good but the okra had tomatoes with it or some sort of tomato sauce which I didn't care for and it took my by surprise. We shared a peanut butter something for dessert which was really good. I left feeling incredibly full and felt sorry for the people trying the chefs tasting menu who seemed to be on their 10th course! I've done the chefs tasting menu at craftsteak before at MGM and had a beef hangover for days. Here's my complaint - the meat was too heavily sautéed and sauced. You shouldn't have to cover up such a great cut of meat with stuff like marinade and sauce. It was too heavy and didn't sit well with me. I ended up throwing up a $400 meal 12 hours later.This was our first dining experience at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and we were not disappointed. Excellent food and outstanding service made the meal well worth it.When we arrived, we were seated immediately at the first two top table at the top of the far stairwell. If we could change one thing, it would be to request a booth. The table was small and we often found ourselves clearing plates and space with every course. The table was also very close to the exit of the elevator, the top of the stairs, and the exit from the kitchen. This led to very heavy traffic near our table.Other than the table, the meal was perfect. Service from Dennis and John did not miss a beat all night. Many of the items we ate and drank were recommendations from Dennis and he did not steer us wrong. We started with The Drifter, a glass of moscato, bread, and the shellfish platter. Everything on the platter was delicious. The enormous prawns stood out the most.For entrees I had the rib cap and my wife had the fish and chips with sauteed spinach, potato puree, and mac and cheese as our sides. If they were in a lineup, I will always choose the wagyu cow over his angus friends. I'll sacrifice a larger cut of meat for a smaller, tastier cut of wagyu. My rib cap was delicious with no sauce required. I had to cut my steak into smaller bites so I could savor each piece and to keep me from wolfing it down like I normally do.For dessert we had the chocolate peanut butter bar and the sticky toffee pudding. The sticky toffee pudding is all that it is hyped to be.On deck for next visit will be the beef wellington, bone marrow, seared foie gras, and a repeat of the sticky toffee.Worth it.  Totally worth it.The meal progressively got better, which was fortunate, since it started on somewhat of a weak note, in my opinion.  Let me explain.I was traveling with someone who had some dietary restrictions, but since we prefer to share dishes (allows us try more when we go out), I had to be picky with the appetizer selection.  I went with the gnocchi, when I wanted the tartare; no biggie; #fwp, amirite?Well, the gnocchi were simply underwhelming.  I've had better pasta with a more pillow-like, yet firm texture, with a more manageable size (these were too small).  Composing a complete bite was a challenge, and there wasn't enough of an acidic element to counterbalance the density of the potato or the earthiness of the mushroom.  Still, it was very good, and probably better than starters you will find in most three-four star restaurants.  My companion had the chorizo-stuffed lobster, and this was a huge success.  Not quite British, to my knowledge, but I welcome insight from our friends from across the pond.  Regardless, the flavor was everything you would hope for.  Briny, sweet, savory, classy... just worked on every cylinder, and really incited the taste buds as any good prelude should.  The sauce was of particular note as showcasing some exceptional skill in the kitchen.Entrées were no less wonderful, though I do have a bit of a complaint regarding my dish, the signature Beef Wellington.  The plate seemed to have been assembled well in advance of receiving the steak.  Thus, the demi-glacé was nearly tar-like in consistency, which was tragedy considering the flavor it still possessed.  A similarly tragic fate befell the purée, but as these were more garnish than substantive sides, I'm fine with the what I presume was a rare misstep.  Keep an eye on this one, though, kitchen staff.My companion's steak was beyond reproach, though, and the lack of adornment was probably the better way to go here.  She ordered the rib cap, and it was exactly as advertised: tender like a filet, but full flavored like a rib-eye (or even a perfectly meaty short-rib).  Stellar.  Amazing.  I wish I were more of a rib-eye fan, but the filet is my preferred cut.  C'est la vie.  This was a perfect steak, though, truly worth the hype, and well worth the praise.Sides were a surprise, and in a good way.  The mac-n-cheese had a great blend of cheeses, not too heavy on any one flavor.  Including the bleu, which I was a tad worried about.  It was a rich and creamy blend, which by itself was a worthwhile addition.  The ginger shiitakes, by contrast, were brightly flavored, much like a teriyaki dish.  Fresh and full of ginger, soy, sweet, and savory (umami, if you believe in that), this dish was an eye-opener.BUT!  Try this, if you dare.  "Stuff" a mushroom cap with a forkfull of the mac-n-cheese, and give that a go.  You can thank me later.  We weren't going to order dessert, as we were already very full.  We had heard and read the rave reviews about the sticky toffee pudding, and it just had to be tasted.  This was probably the best part of the entire meal, and we are so glad we didn't miss out on it.  Succulent, savory, sweet, warming... just... I have no words.  And, others have already described it in incredible detail, so I'm not going to be able to add much more to the discussion.  Save to say, they are right, it's just that good, simply amazing.  All the ingredients work perfectly.  Winner, hands down.Service.  Our waiter, Dennis I believe, was beyond reproach.  I would recommend him again in a heartbeat, without question.  Playful banter, but not overbearing.  Eye contact and smiles, friendly attitude, just an all around perfect service.  The bartender (did not get a name; tall blonde woman) was equally charming and inviting.  She made wonderful 'mocktails' for my companion, and the actual cocktails were expertly blended.  We had the same amiable outreach from her station as well, which is always a cornerstone to a successful restaurant.  I did notice dour glances and less-than-enthusiastic emotions from other servers, though, but mostly from the hostesses.  Not all, but some.  I can see how some reviewers would have negative comments regarding the service here.  Dennis, though, really made the meal complete.  Also, the floor manager (different tall blonde woman) was very attentive to all the tables, ours included, and controlled the floor efficiently and with a calm yet friendly demeanor.Ambiance: There were nice nods to London, including the tube, the Union Jack on the ceiling, and definitely in the menu.  It was not overly themed, but it was omnipresent and subtle.  Overall: Well worth the visit, glad we tried it, and we would definitely come back again.  Maybe some different starters next time, but the mains were spot on, and the dessert has to happen every single time I'm in Vegas again.  Seriously.  That was just too delicious.Great service.  Steaks are good. Get the American Waygu steak. It's very tender and flavourful. Cooked to perfection. The American Waygu is grass fed and the. Corn fed at the latter stage. Good marvelling. I personally found the sides overly seasoned for my liking. However they were delicious. Highly recommend the miso shiitakes and the bone marrow sauce. The ceased salad was also very good.  It has anchovies in it. But you don't get a fishy taste.  The star would certainly be the sticky toffee with brown butter ice cream.  The desert was the best I've ever had.Went there for the Valentine's menu, the food was very good, although I was expecting more from the Beef Wellington. The highlights of our meal were the quail egg, oyster on the shell and the sticky toffee pudding which was out of this world.

This place was better than Steak Shack and the food is huge.  The double burger I had was the biggest I ever saw.  The patties are half pound pre-cook.

* Side note looks like they have changed recently, now they are offering buy one get one half off meal, not the same as bogo they have been doing the last couple of years :(We used to both order the Jack's Signature steak and shrimp dinner, they would take off $19.99 the price of one of our meals, was so worth it.Anything dipped in or covered in the Jack's signature sauce is delicious!I always ask for extra Jack Daniel's sauce, mmmm and is really good when you use it as a dip for sweet potato fries! The bomb diggity!Awwwww the sweet memories, have not been in awhile.This location rocks! Avoid the Friday's located in casino's example Orlean's Hotel & Casino as that one sucks ass.Been going here for years and has only gotten better!!! I love this place its awesome!!! Ok so when i go here i always always always order there Green Bean Fries there baterd and fried and come with a creamy cucumber wasabi ranch dip there soooooooo delicious i could just go here for this but that's not the only delicious thing there is... after i mmm ooo and awww over my green beans i order there Jack Daniels Chicken OMG this is orgasmic sooo sooo delicious the chicken is tender and the sauce is what makes the dish mmmm had to order xtra sauce bc its so good and it comes with 2 sides i had the baked beans and loaded mashed potatoes. This is a place i will always return to Ive never had any complaints food is great and awesome service @ this one on Sahara.I had a great time last Saturday! We were greeted at the door and seated promptly. The waitress was great and very attentive. We ordered the pot sticklers for an appetizer which were AMAZING! I was a little skeptical at first to try them there but sooooo glad we did. I had the Jack Daniels chicken and shrimp which also came with steamed seasoned veggies and loaded mashed potato's. The chicken was very moist and flavorful. Mashed potato's and shrimp were amazing! My only recommendation would be a little more seasoning on the veggies. After dinner I decided on  a Washington apple martini which was pretty good but definitely not the best I have had. I also joined the stripes club which is pretty cool. You earn 1 strip for every $1 spent on food and in turn earn free food etc. I am already up to a free appetizer or dessert so I look forward to some more pot sticklers! I would definitely recommend this for a night out with friends or the one you love the most but it's definitely not a romantic location.Enjoy ;)I've been to TGI Fridays' numerous times with the "gang" from work, we go to celebrate someone leaving the group, the holidays, or just because something came up.  We go because of the cheap apps and drinks during happy hour.  Today I am here with my husband and we have a coupon for a free entree so we're going to take advantage of it.  We started with an appetizer, the crab cakes, there are two cakes on the plate with a good dipping sauce.  The cakes are pretty good, you can taste the crab meat.For an entree I got the salmon with lobster.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, however, it was to have a mushroom and lobster with alfredo sauce.  It was barely covered in sauce so it was slightly dry.  There were a "glob" of mushrooms all stuck together as if it was spooned out of a jar and thrown on top.  I asked for double vegetables instead of rice or potato to decrease some carbs and it was mostly broccoli, slightly undercooked. So as for my meal, I would say very disappointing, but for drinks and appetizers, it's not a bad place to meet.  Glad we had a coupon!The review is for the family-friendly menu as well as the "2 for $10"  (you get more for this one, though) or 3 for $20 deals. Bar is the left (separated by the door), restaurant takes up the majority of the right side of the space.Atmosphere is less kitschy, used to be like Applebees.  We were seated promptly and were waiting for the other half of our party. Service is a little slow (which is typical), but there was a healthy lunch crowd (it got really loud towards the end of our meal). It did take a while to order. But service got better as we got our food and the server did check on us several times during our meal. Looking around, I noticed the same thing happening, people waiting for their food (so we weren't the only ones). We hadn't been here recently, until yesterday for lunch with the family (to celebrate my husband's birthday). For Stripes members, complimentary chips and salsa. We- the adults- tried the 2 for $10 deal, entree, plus and appetizer or dessert. I got the chicken fingers (8 pieces) and fries/unseasoned- pretty large plate of food and potstickers (didn't dip it). I was trying to get the reasonable meal with the least amount of sodium damage (pregnant and watching my diet) so I was pretty much guessing (yeah, good luck to me, right?! just trying to find a happy medium). The potstickers were very good and tasty (6 pieces) though I didn't dip it in soy sauce. The fingers were heavily breaded and crispy, and though it was a large plate, would probably not order this again. I only had two pieces (took it home for my mom). The fries were skin-on, crispy, and thin. My husband got the angus burger- he really liked his burger, came with fries and the oreo madness (two pieces pretty much like mini ice cream sandwiches). Dessert was the best part- very good. This I would order again! (I'd probably order the korean tacos next time).  My sister got the parmesan crusted chicken and peanut butter chocolate pie. Hers came with small cheese balls and tomatoes My sister said that her dessert was very rich, like a truffle, and only ate half, gave the rest to my older nephew. My brother-in-law got the burger (came with fries) and mozzarella sticks (these were flattened). My older nephew got the chicken fingers plate- he finished it (smaller than the adult plate), and my other nephew got the cheese pizza and fries plate (he didn't finish it, but he doesn't like eating burned food). They also had some mozzarella sticks. They also got kid-size milkshakes.Really can't go wrong with TGI Friday's for going to a commercial restaurant. I like this stand alone location better than any of the others they have that are inside of casino's.They have a special that you have to ask for now by request only, as per our server they ripped it out of the menu. They must have been losing money as I think the special went over a bit too well lol. It is really a lot of food for $10 bucks!The two for $10 menu is great, you get to select a main entree and have your choice of an appetizer or dessert. I had the new Korean tacos that come with Jasmine rice on the side. Three tacos very filling, the Korean beef is a bit sweet and the hint of chili sauce just makes it perfect. I will for sure order this again! I was in the mood for a salad so ordered that as my appetizer, it was a nice big wedge salad with bacon and tomatoes, very generous!My sweetheart got the cheeseburger w/fries and selected cheese sticks as his side, very filling a full appetizer which is normally $7.99 alone. We both ordered the two for $10 special as you can't beat it!!!Service was Amazing, we had Meagan as our server and she was Fantastic! Always dropping off a drink before we finished our previous one. I love refills on drinks without having to ever ask and she kept them coming! We sat in the bar as we wanted a booth and could watch TV during our dinner which were all of the sports games, basketball this night. We will be back as always to this location only. The food is always great and service is fantastic.Was here for dinner on Fri/27 Sep about 6 pm with a buddy:

Walnut Roll

-Pulehu steak

When I was in school at least, they had decently cheap deals on Tuesdays, a large cheesesteak and fries for like $6, normally $9. At one point I scheduled myself around when I would go here on Tuesdays.

B: interesting- this is not a what're house style record store and it's packed to the ceiling so the owner is very selective of what he brings in, which is great because you don't have to flip through the same old shit you see @ every other record store.

*All ladies? Try to contact Moon's Main VIP Host Pascquale Romano to see if he can put you on the guest list! pasquale.romano@9groupvegas.com or 702-563-5060*Use the same info above for bottle service or email tables@9groupvegas.comGallery to check out Moon and the crowd on different nights: http://www.n9negroup.com/nightlife/moon-nightclubI came here for NYE 2013 and had a great time.Although Moon may not be a mega-club a la Marquee or XS, it's still worth checking out. Here are a few reasons why.1. The outdoor patio. It's spacious and offers a breathtaking view of the entire Vegas strip. I was fortunate enough to watch the fireworks from this location.2. The music. The DJ played a solid blend of house, rap, pop, and top-40. If you like variety, then you'll definitely enjoy Moon.3. The space. Even on NYE, I didn't find this place to be overwhelmingly packed. Getting to the bathrooms, bar, or outdoor deck wasn't the usual excruciating process.4. The bartenders. The bartenders were dishing out drinks at an incredible pace. Even with only a few minutes till midnight (NYE), I was able to grab a few drinks and find my group in time to celebrate.5. The vibe. Less pretense than at some of the larger clubs. Friendly, down to earth atmosphere.6. The elevators. No need to hike up or down any stairs.Since Moon is located at the Palms, you'll need to take a cab if you're staying on the strip. Although it's a bit isolated, I would still recommend visiting this club on one night of your Vegas trip. Maybe do a Ghostbar- Rain- Moon combo? I would definitely go clubbing here again.Moon was fun.  We came here for a friend's bday party....since we had room keys, they let us all in gratis.Saturday night is what you would expect, plenty of people, good music and lots of fun.If you have never been here before, they open up the rooftop of the club so you can see the sky and it adds a cool effect to the party.  But since it is so cold right now, they leave it open for about one song worth, so they don't freeze everyone out.This works a lot better during the summertime, when the open air actually is refreshing.  But even during the winter time, this is a cool spot to hang out!Moon Nightclub is located at the top of The Palms.  I came here on a Friday night and both guys and girls were free to get in.  In addition, girls got 2 free drinks.  Can't ask for anything more.  The club has great views of the strip.  There are scantily clad women that dance on platforms, pretty good music and a lower lounge that used to be the playboy lounge.  The lower lounge was pretty dead compared to the dance area upstairs.  The club is also located off the strip so if you are staying on the strip, you will have to make a long walk or drive.Uhh let's see. Pros and Cons:Pros- Nice view of the strip 50 floors all the way to the top

The people working weren't scary.. some stood there and just stared at you. A few of the props like the big dinosaur displayed the crane that was holding.

Other than that, the meal was excellent, we all left satisfied. I shall return!Brunch was ok. The Bloody Mary bar was really well done. And our bartender was very very good. Do a better job with the menu, don't fire that kid, and you've got yourself a winner.Nice space, good energy, good food. All around I would recommend. I had the crab stuffed shells and my friend had the cauliflower sandwich. We got fries for an appetizer which were a little over spiced and salted so not too thrilled. No wait to be seated, service was ok during lunch hour rush. I really enjoyed the atmosphere.Overall good experience. I had cauliflower sandwich which sounds sort of odd but was very flavorful and substantial. Service was kind of slow but okay for the lunch crowd. Decor was cool and comfortable. Overhead music was even pretty good. We sat facing the kitchen staff which was very cool. They seemed like they worked well together which made me appreciate their food even more.The only reason this place gets 4 stars is because of the sticky toffee pudding, which is a date cake with toffee sauce and vanilla ice cream.  It's so rich and a large portion that I encourage folks to share.  Rest of my meal deserved a 2...maybe 3.  I went here with a friend for lunch and tried the Cauliflower sandwich which was totally underwhelming.  It needed a little something something...perhaps something pickled to offset the dry and monotone tastes of the hummus and cauliflower (they seriously had no flavor to them).  I thought the pesto would give it some flavor but the unflavored cauliflower and hummus overpowered the sandwich.  While we had no issues with the service from our waiter, I think this establishment needs to train their staff better on what is and not in their food.  My friend that I was with has a nut allergy (tree nuts) and when looking over the dessert menu I asked if the sticky toffee pudding has any nuts.  Our waiter responded yes and so I asked what kind as the description didn't mention anything about nuts.  He told us it had a "date nut"...ummm, what the hell is a date nut?!?  I told him that a date is a fruit but was second guessing myself since I didn't want my friend to have an allergic reaction.  When the dessert came, I tried it to see if it had any actual nuts in it or nut flavoring - both of which it did not contain.  My friend had some without any reaction because dates are FRUIT not nuts.Innovative food, great drinks and awesome service. The Commoner Collins is amazing and if you are there for breakfast the Irish breakfast is very good as well. The whole ambiance combined with the menu & wait staff makes for a great experience. Ask for Ben if you go!We went as a group of 13 with reservations and our table was waiting for us. The food was excellent. I had the steak and ale pie and the meat was tender and the "gravy" had a deep rich flavor. Highly recommend it. The place was LOUD however and almost impossible to carry on a conversation with anyone but the person sitting closest to you.   We went to have conversation over dinner and it was virtually impossible.Great waitress. Very accommodating. Seemed like a hot spot for lots of drinking which can make for good people watching but not a quiet dinner by any means. Good the first night, but couldn't even get seated on a fri and staying at the upstairs hotel. Frustrating. Don't try the veggie dish, seitan or whatever chewy thing it was, it was horrible. Great onion soup... Crab Mac & cheese & the toffee desert was good. Menu is somewhat unique so good choice to try a few new things. Just depends on what your looking for. The waitress saved this ratingGreat atmosphere, interesting menu with quality execution. The drinks menu is up there with any in the city for originality. Timing could improve a bit but I imagine that was a result of it being in its first couple weeks of being open. Love the throwback decor that fits the note it is located in. Will return soon and often there after.If I had walked in and gone straight to the table, this would have been a 5.   But I went to the bar first...and had to deduct a star because of it.  I almost deducted two.     Let's start with the dinner.  The table was roomy and comfy for our party of 7.   The menu looked great and I wanted to order a whole bunch of stuff.   I pared it down to the Brussels sprouts and the harissa skirt steak with fries.   The Brussels were great - charred, but will just a little crunch left - and were served in a cute cast iron crock.   The entrée was ample and equally delicious.  I ate every bite even though it was really very large.  The steak had a nice flavor and was cooked nicely.   What topped off that dish though was the house made steak sauce.  It was served in a little ceramic gravy boat shaped like a cow.  I finished the madness off with the white pot, which was good, but not something I would order again (mostly because I sampled the sticky toffee pudding and it was way better).    My companions had the crab mac and cheese (solid, but not my fave), the short rib pot pie (I didn't try it), and a burger (also didn't try it).   We also sampled some wine, champagne cocktails, and a few beers - all good options.  Service was excellent.  Katie Z was very helpful and attentive and we had several others come to help with water, plates, etc.   So what was up with the bar?   Fruit flies and a smell, that's what.   When I sat down, I kept getting a waft of something stale (maybe a clogged drain or a dirty drink well?).  And then I look and there are fruit flies everywhere.  Crawling on the drink well and the bar tools, etc.    Gross.  The bar staff seemed oblivious and were not taking any steps to mitigate it at all.   I was not very excited to dine after seeing all that, but I had a group of friends coming and decided to suck it up.  The dinner won me over, but they need to get that bar situation under control before I'd want to go back.I have had quite a few drinks and appetizers here, but this was my first time trying breakfast. The menu allows for just about anything you might want for breakfast. My eggs were cooked perfectly and the English Muffin was nice. I tried the beet juice and was wishing it had a bit more sweetness to it. Highly recommend this place.A little mixed on the food and totally sold on the service from Ben, as well as the friendliness and teamwork of those others with whom we had interaction. The brisket meat was perfect ... on a stale bun. The shells were cooked perfectly al dente and there was an acceptable portion of crabmeat (I'm from New England so my standard is different for seafood) and it was all baked beautifully but the butter (oil?) pooled a little too much. Ben's service is perfectly timed and his personality is perfect -- engaging and humorous without being dramatic or exaggerating. He has an excellent sense of timing and communication.Nancy Reagan famously said When it comes to drugs "Just say no."  I have my own version of this, which is just as addictive, mind altering and pleasurable.When it comes to the commoner's Toffee bread pudding "Just say yes."  Get the toffee bread pudding. Do it, or I will never forgive you.  More importantly, you will never forgive yourself.Now that we have that out of the way, brunch is a good place to start at The Commoner. There is a bloody mary bar that has all of the accouterments, and is 2nd only to the endless bloody mary toppings of Meat & Potatoes. Overly obsequious waiters tend to be a problem in swanky hotels. The ambiance hits the mark between hip rustic industrial and dimly lit speakeasy. You walk down stairs to patent leather upholstered booths, high ceilings, and thick wooden tables, feeling like you've found the only place that will serve gin in the city. The menu has a small plates section that is priced well and just as tasty. The service is top notch, attentive but not pushy.  The onion soup burger was decent, but very well done.  the brussel sprouts were good, but not great.  Other than the toffee bread pudding dessert the flavors aren't transcendent, and the dishes are tasty but not particularly imaginative.  If you go, definitely checkout the main  hotel and the roof top deck, they're both beautiful, and provide a much bigger pull than the restaurant itself.  Worth going to for the decor and view, but with so many amazing high end brunch spots in Pittsburgh, you can find even more flavor per dollar.I visited The commoner two times because I stayed Monaco hotel.Their dishes were delicious, and the interior is nice and the high ceiling is great.

However the service is very slow and not good enough. Plus it gets very very loud for some reason.This place has a cute atmosphere and a very extensive menu. I've been here twice - service has been consistently friendly but on the slow side. Don't go if you're in a hurry. The food has been good during both visits and portion sizes are huge, good for sharing. The restaurant gets very crowded on weekends - there has been a wait both times I've visited. The space is open and can get pretty loud. They take their chocolate covered bacon seriously - they even put it in your bloody mary.This brunch place has so many options it's hard to choose! Tried the skinny B and it was great! The fruit here is a huge surprise. No cantaloupe or honeydew here; it's berries and fresh pineapple. The coffee is pretty good too.Took friends from out of town. Everything was good. Tried the chocolate bacon...they must use really good chocolate like Belgian, but could not taste the bacon so felt like extra fat grams for no reason.  Hash browns were great.  Everyone liked their food, fresh squeezed oj good. Would have had a mimosa if I didn't have a cold.  Will go back. Want to try the banana Nutella crepes.Great spot in Shea. We got to sit outside in the gorgeous weather. Our eggs and bacon were spot on with our request to be scrambled soft and other was over medium. I absolutely loved the coffee, I could not stop drinking it!Our waiter was new, but I hope this business does well!Eggstasy is a local breakfast concept with a chic and refreshing interior, coupled by a surprisingly unique menu. The staff are young and friendly, serving an increasingly larger clientele. On the weekends, it's not uncommon to find Eggstasy customers queuing out the door, hoping to get a table inside. This area desperately needed a local breakfast place worth going to. Now we don't have to commute south to Arcadia to find palatable breakfast cuisineMake sure to try the Dali Skillet if you like spicy chorizo and eggs!Came here for my brother's bday breakfast!  It was a slight wait for a table of 5.  They got us a table right by the door.  So it was a bit cold every time the door was open.  The service was awesome...  Food was good....1.  Chocolate pancakes - HELLO!!!!  It is slightly crispy and way to yummy!

Cocktail Shrimp

So after reading their Menu on line for a few days I new my wife and I would be getting the Indian Sampler.Served with Rice, Homemade Yoghurt, and Khir for dessert.

Salad - while there were several to choose from, my husband and I split the wedge salad. It was fantastic! it was covered in crumbled bacon, chopped tomatoes and onions, blue cheese dressing and crumbles.Main Course - The reviews I read said to order the rib-eye so my brother and I split it (22 ounces!)  It was tender and really flavorful and worth the $36 price tag. My husband and sister in law each ordered the petite filet at $27. My sister in law said it was "like buttah".Side Dishes - they are ALL $6 each which, if you go to any high end steakhouse on the Strip, run anywhere from $12 to $15 each. We had the creamed corn which had bits of jalapeno peppers in it, french fries, and gorgonzola mashed potatoes. All quite tasty and plenty to split between the 4 of us.Dessert - we were there to celebrate my brother and sister in law's birthdays so they received complimentary creme brulee's, but our waiter, Shawn, mentioned that he loved the apple crisp so I ordered that and was very happy I did. It was in phyllo dough and the apples were perfectly cooked and the topping was fabulous. Probably one of the best apple crisps I've ever had ( and I've had a lot of apple crisps!) Shawn also mentioned that if you go on restaurant.com, there are deals to be had for our next visit which is something I'll check out the next time I'm headed to Vegas (FYI, Restaurant.com is on Ebates.com which gives you rebates when you purchase through them so check that out!)After all was said and done, it was less than $50 per person for an exceptional steak dinnerl! Now THAT'S a deal!I would give it 5 stars if it weren't inside the Texas Station Casino.... but the food is amazing and the service is impeccable. If you're looking for a perfectly cooked steak made to order with a friendly attentive staff, this is your place to go.Went to Austin's with a group of buddies for my bachlor party, and the management treated us great.  They sent a shuttle to our hotel, had a private room ready for us and had great staff to serve us once we arrived.  The food was very good and for the price was excellent.  The sides too were very good, we had most, adn the steak tartar and oysters stood out above most.  They offered us a great deal on bottles of wine, and made the entire occation one to remember.  Thanks.  I would highlky recommend them and would definately go back with the wife.  WWhile it may not be the best steakhouse in Vegas (perhaps 1 notch below the superstar steakhouses you know from the strip at 1/2 the price), but for the money, it was clearly the best deal and the food was very good as well.  They treat you really well, they appreciate you making your way to their restaurant, and you feel it when you dine.PS , don't forget the Restaurant.com vouchers, they will possibly let you use more then 1 with larger groups, they did for us!!!My mom moved to Vegas a few years back, so I have had about 8 dinners at Austin's.  Being that she's a local and does not really go to the Strip unless she's taking visitors around, she has found many good restaurants in the local neighborhoods.Now, this restaurant may not be Ruth Chris or Delmonico's, but it's really damn good.  I can't give it four and a half stars but I wish I could.  My brother, who is the pickiest, snobbiest critic when it comes to steak, was impressed with his dinner.  Frommer's has given this restaurant a great review as well.I despise the sound of a casino (ding ding ding), and never once has it bothered me once you are seated in the restaurant.  It has NEVER once been smoky-EVER.  Primm Valley Casino IS smoky.  You don't have to be super dressed up, I have seen folks in tshirts and jeans with plastic grocery bags eating dinner at Austin's but its very off putting in the dining environment, PLEASE wear something a little dressy.  Ambience and decor, muted, classy, warm, elegant.They bring out a very nice bread basket with a selection of unusual breads and butters.  The wine list is fairly decent, the beer list is limited.  After ordering, the food takes a little while to get to you, but after its ready, the waiters rush you a little more than I think they should. The three of us usually get the petite filet (7 oz), and my husband usually gets the 11 oz filet.  The beef melts in your mouth, and is always cooked to the correct temperature requested.  The Austin's House Salad is one of the things we so look forward to, it's a chopped salad with a buttermilk based dressing, with cucumbers, tomatoes, avocado, bacon, blue cheese---so so so tasty!  The sides we usually like are the mashed potatoes with gorgonzola or garlic and the green beans amandine, the mac and cheese (with truffles).  The broccoli with hollandaise is really just steamed broccoli with sauce on the side, it's just so so.There is no kids menu, but there are choices for children who are decent eaters:  a small filet, pork chop, the filet sliders on the appetizer menu,  fried or roasted chicken, and there are fries and mashed potatoes.  One year the staff realized my son was not interested in their menu, and ordered him a pizza from inside the casino,and had it delivered to our table.  That's service!We have always been so full from dinner that we have never had a dessert, so I cannot comment.  We have always left full and satisfied, and have enjoyed every bite.Highly recommended.  Reservations recommended.We've been seeing this prime rib special for $14.99 on the billboards and thought to check it out. The mom and grandma in law wanted to go the Sam's Town buffet for family dinner primarily because they like the prime rib, but the other offerings are rather sad. For the same price- we opted to bring them to a sit down instead. The special is served daily and comes with a 12oz prime rib, mashed potatoes, and green beans (sides are not negotiable, but you can order a la carte sides if you want something else). The prime that was first put in front of me was told to be medium rare, and that was definitely on the medium scale (which both in laws requested). The busser told me, no it's the sauce on top making it brown and it's medium rare. Whatever, I know my meats and I swiped out my GIL's since hers was definitely more red than mine. Saw her eating hers and yep, not as red as the one I swiped, bit more brown...on the more done of the medium spectrum. The one I took from her was  pink medium, not medium rare so not quite what I requested. It was good with flavorful sauce (not quite a gravy, but heavy to be au jus), but medium rare is kinda a big deal to me to have.  I can't really give them 5 this time since I am kinda a medium rare "purist" who scoffs at well cooked steaks and it was not close enough to what I wanted. Sorry, but I just don't accept medium as a "correct" way to serve meat and with the attitude telling me that my original piece was medium rare when it was medium done...it wasn't cool. We also got some creamed spinach (sides are $7) and the house chop salad (also $7) to accompany the plate which were both lovely. Service was decent. Haven't really had bad service here before, but the busser shouldn't tell me what I can see. Sadly, this definitely confirmed my suspicions I shouldn't eat red meat, specially commercially raised. I had major "itis" and felt kinda bad....at least I had a last hurrah before I say bye to the mooo. Overall, I think this beats going to a cheap buffet for prime rib night.

Highly recommended!Great happy-hour, try to slam 6 mini-pitchers in an hour!This is a nice little gem that sure has not gone unnoticed. When I came (no reservations) I had about a 20 minute wait for a table of two - which I didn't mind and took this time to order from the bar. The bartender was friendly and quick. With a drink in hand, it was a pleasure to check out the wines and the milieu of this place of business. It's quite nice, it is however not very big and it can get quite loud in here. Not too loud for a simple conversation, but loud enough for me to take notice.Once seated the service was great. Our server was a knowledgeable and energetic gentleman that gladly helped out in any decision making regarding the menu. I tried their beer selection as well as had a cheese tray. Note: For being a wine place, they sure do take pride in their beer selection - however I must say that I was not impressed by their cheese. They seem to take pride in their cheese diversity, but I was simply not impressed.The service was great, the ambiance was relaxing, and the patrons were nice.. I truly enjoyed my visit and will be returning to this establishment. It wasn't expensive, but it isn't cheap nor should it be. (But they have unbelievable early weekdays specials) I give this place a 4, it has 5 potential - but then they have to step up the food a notch, and by food I mean cheese.Postino!!! Been coming here for years. $5 glasses of wine before 5pm makes it my first stop every time I finish work early. Bruschetta boards, creme brûlée, and any specials they're having make it a great place to go any time though. I love the musician who is there on the weekend for brunch and I appreciate that I can always venture out and try to some new and less common wines. The servers are almost all great but I seem to keep getting stuck w the same cranky inattentive waitress the last few times I've been there which is disappointing.This place is always busy and during their busier hours it becomes mandatory to valet but otherwise very little to complain about. I love all the postino locations but Arcadia is certainly my favorite. Best atmosphere for sure.One of our favorite places in Phoenix. We've never been for dinner but every time we've been for lunch its packed and for good reason! The $5 wines before five is a really good deal and if you're not a wine drinker they have a pretty good selection of bottled beers. We've enjoyed most of the bruschetta we have ordered with the exception of the roasted peper and goat cheese not terrible just not great. The sandwiches are also pretty good. Also just a side note... there are times where you want your bar to have TVs and times when you don't. Not having TVs here is NOT a negative... I'm sorry but if you show up here hoping to catch the game and eat some wings find the nearest hooters.Never been disappointed by their food. Acoustics are bad, so it's hard to hear, but SOOOOOO yummy!I love Postino's! Great food and wine. The only downside is that it is on the smaller side and cannot always accomodate large groups.I enjoyed the intimate atmosphere, dim lighting, and yummy bruschetta. It was a perfect spot for my birthday dinner last year, cool & romantic.After hearing about this place for months, I just HAD to go try it out. It was a Thursday night and surprisingly really busy. After walking in and not seeing anyone seating, we sat ourselves. The ONE hostess on duty then scolded us for doing so. Then after being confused, within 15 minutes three diff servers approached our table. One with water, one for a drink order and one to take our order. None of them smiled or seemed to care to wait on us, probably bc we weren't drinking wine. If it wasn't for the remarkable bruschetta and proscuttio sandwich, I would have left. The food is incredible and I would go back for takeout but the service really sucked.I'm such a fan of my Postino! I am addicted to the bruschetta! I start craving it after a few weeks of not having it! In fact, I will go bread free and NOT have any bread .. SO I can load up on bruschetta when I come here. This place is packed.. No matter when you come here. I want to say get here 'early' , but truly.. there is no 'early' at Postino. Just get here! Get your name on the list and get your belly near the bar and get your drinks ordered. I usually never change things up too much. I love red wines and that is what I go with .. always. I like the $5 wines until 5pm. After that, if this is where my group is hanging , we generally go with the bottle then. The bottles are priced at 3x the amount of the glass price. Not bad and not hard to figure out. The meat board is great .. the cheese board is divine. All bruschettas ...mmmmmm. I've never done any desserts here. Maybe I should . But I usually am not a dessert girl. So I use my calories on wine, bread and cheese! I only brought my star down one as the last time I was here our waiter was to split the bill with me and my flight attendant friend from NYC. Instead, not only did he split it, he split and added the full cost to my card too! It took about 5 business days to correct! I'm still a fan, though.

Location is convenient, right off of Tatum and the 101.  Parking can be a bit of a nightmare as Desert Ridge is a popular mall.

Then order this-NOW! The burger alone gets 5 stars!!!

Le seul bémol, c'est vraiment les frites. Elles sont grosses, molles, parfois encore un peu crues et vraiment trop grasses pour être agréables... j'évite de les commander. *EnglishCasual little (should I say tiny?) place on McGill, I discovered this place after a coworker came from lunch with a nice little brown box full of those incredible fried pieces of flaky fish. You won't find better Fish and chips in Montreal.The scoth egg and the tandoori shrimps are also delicious. They have nice british soda too (dandelion is my favorite) and if you feel adventurous, they have a ''deep fried what ever'' which is basically a deep fried candy bar.You won't find anything that is NOT deep fried here but come on, fish is health for you, right? ;) (they DO have a salad on the menu somewhere...)

I would order a latte and stay for hours while I read comics, checked my email, and drew in my sketchbook.

- The dancers around the edges are fantastic - and they turn into acrobats on hanging silks!Cons:

shrimp tempura roll with yum-yum lobster with crunch flakes &amp; masago!! this was my favorite roll of the night! I finished the majority of the plate!! -crunch scallop

Buckeyeand the delivery fee is only $1.50! I suspect that will change.i am so happy with Siu Wok.

Un petit dimanche bien traquille. Je suis un habitué de ce petit coin asiatique toujours à la hauteur de mes attentes. Une excellente cuisine généreuse toujours à la hauteur des origines chinoise fast-food bien connues par les québécois. Le service est parfois lent, et débordé par la clientèle, il faut donc choisir son heure de commande pour éviter les périodes trop achalandées. En bout de ligne on y revient pour une fringale ou tout simplement pour se faire plaisir :-)November 12, 2012

Pro: They will make any soda you want into a float, using soft-serve, for a buck!

I've found the service to be hit or miss - but that's just for drinks, refills, and the initial delivery of wasabi and mixing bowls. The food is constantly circulating - so the service there is unbeatable...you grab what you want when it comes by.

Good service when it wasn't busy, slightly less so when they filled all the tables later.  Great quality house wine for the price, about £15/bottle.  Regular wines in the printed menu seemed a bit pricey, £22/24+.Quirky cafe selling decent coffee and some superb pastries and cakes.  Inside, it's kind of derelict chic, with exposed plaster ceilings and heavy cabled lightbulbs hanging low over reclaimed and second hand furniture. There's plenty of space, though not too many tables, so if this place takes off they'll have to re-think interior layout.The two young women behind the counter were lovely, big smiles and really engaging. I hope Lovecrumbs hits the spot with the local office trade as position at the top of West Port may limit passing trade. I'll be back though for another brownie - the best I've had since a belly-busting shop at Coco Bruntsfield.A worthy four stars.I walked into here tentatively, and left satisfied. 'Is it actually open for business?' was my thought as I stepped inside with the equally cautious Louise C. There was an air of unfinished business which I couldn't quite put my finger on.It's a big, slightly rustic, open space, and there's nowhere to hide! Naturally we headed for the far away corner, and as I sipped my coffee it occurred to me that it's unusual to have no partitions in a room this size. The sparse seating may make some people feel a bit exposed, but I actually found it quite refreshing because too many places are like sardine tins.Lightbulbs hang high and low from loose twisty cables from the partially stripped ceilings. Odd, re-used tables and chairs and a wonky piano add to the 'artist studio' character. And like the seating, the cups and cutlery don't match, everything is odd, and I like this a lot. Plants are dotted around the place, and the back overlooks a nice enclosed urban garden through the tall crosshatch windows.The music was subtle and the atmosphere relaxed. I found the service friendly and understated (in a good way), and when I paid I tried one of their choc n nut brownie samples which I can highly recommend, along with the cappuccino. They have many cakes on display, and I'm told they bake em themselves.

- Waffle

Ils possèdent aussi une terrasse qui permet de pouvoir profiter du soleil pendant son repas.

Good choice for Mexican in Scottsdale. Chips and Salsa are addictive.I feel bad saying it, but we went here on Christmas day because we're new to the area, our families are on the east coast, and we didn't feel like cooking a holiday meal for just 2 people.  Our first good sign was that the place was slammed.  Even still, we were greeted by a friendly staff and seated quickly despite how busy they were.  We were shortly served crisp chips and both salsa and a spicy bean dip.  We narrowed down to a few choices from their large menu, and took some advice from the waitress.  Our drinks came shortly after, and before long we had our food.  The food was hot and fresh, and delicious.  By far, our favorite Mexican restaurant yet.  We've tried several over the 9 months we've lived here, and while most were just ok, we actually enjoyed the food here.The dining area was fairly large, and is colored brightly with a tropical theme.  The bathrooms were clean, and the sinks had a really cool fish design.  Kind of a weird thing to comment on, I know, but I felt it worth mentioning.Overall we had a very good experience here, and I am definitely looking forward to going back and trying more dishes from their huge menu.Great food, drinks and atmosphere abut the service has been slow on two different occasions.If your from New Mexico you should know that this place has no New Mexican owners or anything despite the flags outside. But, me and my wife have deemed this place New Mexico worthy (Las Cruceans ourselves).Hey, it's typical Mexican fare, so don't expect gourmet. Atmosphere is family-friendly, gives you nachos to munch on; spicy bean dip--YUM! and salsa--while you are waiting for your food. They pretty much leave you alone to eat, which I am thankful for...One standout is that Raul our server was on time when we wanted anything and had it right to us. Chicken tostado soup to die for. The strawberry margarita was actually pretty good. All in all- a good place to have close by. -- I like it. I'll be baaahhhck. - :)Friend raved about the margaritas here, so we checked out Arriba's for dinner last night.  I'd called ahead to ask if Arriba's makes their sour mix from scratch- it does.  I also inquired about happy hour-- from 3p to 7p, and reverse HH from 9p to closing, 12 oz. house margaritas are $0.99 each!  There's a short list of apps at 50% off, as well.He wanted to try the "margarita for two" on the rocks, as he's tried the house margarita on previous occasions.  Presentation was nice, and it tasted very good- not obnoxiously strong and not cloyingly sweet. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arriba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=ZuAE6ZAXVIeGNKKMWbJogw#ZuAE6ZAXVIeGNKKMWbJogw  $7 during happy hour, which I thought was a steal, since the last time I shared a margarita that big (with sister) was at one of the restaurants on the San Antonio's touristy River Walk-- the margarita was $14!  Our drink last night had a LOT of ice, though, so we'll have to request for less ice next time, and there will BE a next time.  :)  Our server also suggested guacamole and chips, or a queso fundido app, so I chose the latter.  We both loved the cheese dip, despite the fact that my friend hates tomatoes and there were tomatoes mixed into the fondue. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arriba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=fVPVC3W4MQx5SNDyVN1QMw#fVPVC3W4MQx5SNDyVN1QMw  The fondue/fundido also came with a dollop of chorizo.  I appreciated its spiciness, but found it too salty.  Due to my corn allergy, I requested for fried flour tortilla chips for dipping, and thankfully, the kitchen obliged!  Awesome service, so far, which reminds me kudos to our server Chance! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arriba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=F8pySbJ7wQ_z3O5Bj-u5eQ#F8pySbJ7wQ_z3O5Bj-u5eQ  Friend didn't enjoy the flour tortilla chips as much as I did, so he asked for regular corn tortilla chips, and again, Chance and kitchen gratified.My friend was going to order the enchiladas, and I told him I was going to try Arriba's pollo con queso.  He's had it before, so he decided that we'd just share the entree.  Fine by me, since I don't ever finish an entree at the restaurant, anyway.  (I always take leftovers home.)  The entree was a deep-fried chicken burrito, split three-ways, and smothered with three different cheeses. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/arriba-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=hzYXTqkmjXz9IOQ-AjgVoA#hzYXTqkmjXz9IOQ-AjgVoA  I don't know what kind of cheeses, and the menu online does not state what they are, but I liked the white variety the best- it's a softer cheese, which equals meltier, creamier, more sensual cheese to me!  He liked one of the dark yellow cheeses.  Will have to get more info on our next visit.  I wonder if I may order this dish with just the one type of cheese?  Hmm... further investigation of the menu is needed!  ;)My friend doesn't have a sweet tooth, and none of the desserts really caught my eye last night, except perhaps the ones with ice cream; However, Arriba uses Good Humor ice cream, and these contain corn syrup, so I must say no.  Only the best, for the most part, para mi, por favor!Can't wait to take Mom here.  I've already told her about the dinner and shown her the photos, and she looks very interested.  :DOne of the better Mexican restaurants.  When I dine alone, I usually have the Nachos Supremos as a meal.  Other items, particularly those with chicken, are very good.Arribas is great! The chips are fresh and both salas and the bean dip are delicious. I had the white sands chimichanga - it was so good!I love the margaritas here! We love going to just relax and have a drink and maybe even watch a game. Salsa and dip were great and ended up asking for multiple bowls of it lol... Our server was great when we took our out-of-town family there and were great working with all 8 of us..including asking for more bean dip :)   The margarita for 2 was very good, not full of mix or too strong.. I will def get this again.One of the better Mexican restaurants.  When I dine alone, I usually have the Nachos Supremos as a meal.  Other items, particularly those with chicken, are very good.Watch out for the occasional loudmouth uncouth waitress though.  Once I went there.  She expressed absolute amazement that I planned to eat the entire plate of Nachos Supremos myself.  When I had finished them, she came to my table and exclaimed that I really had finished them all.  As I was leaving the restaurant, she was sitting at a table with someone else, and she exclaimed in a loud voice, that I had eaten all the Nachos Supremos myself.I have decided to keep the rating at four stars, but just thought people should be careful what they order, as the waitress may judge you on how much you order and announce her opinion throughout the entire restaurant.Wonderful selection of High Quality Stone; Super-friendly Sales Service.I've had 3 laser treatments here and always good results. Laser's (especially on the face) scare me, but always good results here!Today is Wednesday, January 28, 2015 and this Quiznos location is closed & the phone number has been disconnected.I like to consider myself a mediocre golfer, but I do enjoy this course. It gives me a challenge at certain holes (damn you hole #4 and #8! we lost 4 good balls today!) but then other holes make me feel like I might be getting this game down. The Golf cart path are narrow and certain corners with oncoming golf cart traffic feel like a game of chicken, but the greens are well kept. Bathrooms on the course we nice and stocked and the locker rooms in the clubhouse are smaller than what I'm used to but they again are well kept. They have a golf cart ladies/girls whom have almost anything you could want on a course and came around a few times. The Clubhouse food was really delicious, I love their sliders! Prices are decent and the staff was friendly. I will definitely play here again.Had a good time. Course conditions for hawk and king are great for the time of season with the only exception being the bunkers. Squire needs a little bit more attention but we were warned about that when we inquired about a replay rate. Still very playable but no big. A little short even from the tips, range has strange "almost golf balls" due to limited space but they are fine, my only major gripe is that after finishing hawk and king we inquired about playing Squire. After reveling we paid 20 for the first 18 he said it would be 15 for the replay which is the replay for 18. They apparently don't have a replay rate for 9. Weird. After explaining the situation with the cart kid he said the guy we asked at the pro shop was new and to ask them next time. Still 35 for 27 holes isn't terrible.Driving range and putting green were closed for overseeding so we couldn't get any practice in...yeah, that's the reason for my high score.  The other reason was the incredible amount of sand and water on the course.  Course management is key here as opposed to grip-it-and-rip-it golf.  Overall, it was a great course that I'd come back to play.Was here for a Charity Event.  Staff was friendly and helpful, food was good and had an over all great experience!Three nine hole courses offer different perspectives from a players view. Only the King and Squire were open this past weekend while the third 9 hole course is under repair.The course isn't long but can be difficult if you're not a shot maker on numerous holes due to water hazard or bunkers, very nice layout. The greens and fairways on the King course were in much better shape than on the Squire course (appeared they were getting over some light disease but improving). Overall, a bargain compaired to most of the other courses in Scottsdale this time of year. New golf carts show that the course is spending $$$ on improvements.As mentiond by other Yelpers, you can feel a little constricted at times due to the nearby homes/condo's so hit them straight. The staff were all very accomodating and friendly, no complaints. The starter was from Georgia so if you're coming from that part of the US, be sure to chat with him since his pride for GA and it's local charm was apparent.  The grilled hot dog's smelled delicious after the ninth hole but had other luncheon plans...I've heard they're good though. The club house has a nice grill and appears they offer a buffet on Sundays, could make for a fine morning of golf followed by lunch on a Sunday. Enjoy!Sunday Brunch was really nice.  Not over the top, but well worth the $13.  Will go again.What a nice place to sit outside and enjoy a chicken avocado sandwhich.  The food is always good and the gold course view is kilker. Service is typically good, but the pace of the restaurant is a little slower, so don't be in a hurry to eat. If you can tolerate the retired republican coversations going on around you then it's  a 5star...I can barely keep my mouth shut at times, so it's  a 4.What an elegant establishment. It's the golf club that doesn't feel too golfy. We can here for a wedding extravaganza and it was so lovely! The ceremony took place outdoor on the lawn. Ladies or all those considering wearing stilettos you may wanna pack a pair of flats or wear a pair of pumps instead because walking on grass in stilettos is more of a calf work out than you can imagine. After the ceremony there was cocktails and hors d'ourves outside on the patio which was so romantic. I'd say it was one of my favorite parts of the evening because there were fairy lights strewn around willow trees and the sun was setting. The catered food which I do not know if it was in house or outsourced was perfection. Lamb chops, spring rolls, cheese fritters the works. The catering staff was outstanding. After about an hour and a half of socializing outside the event was moved into the ball room space which was cozy and intimate. It was a nice transition. Everyone was dancing and eating lots of even more delicious food. We had the choice between chicken or beef, the beef was definitely the winner. All in all this place is a lovely venue with a tolerant and attentive sincere staff. Pleasant special touches such as the fair lights perfected the atmosphere. I'm sure the bride and groom and everyone who attended feel the same way. Tips: our Uber drivers picked us up without any complications. Place is easy to find. Parking is available in designated areas for private events. Check with your hotel for complimentary car ride to or from the Starfire golf course.Fun course. My dad doesn't hit his drives very far any more so he really loves this track. Plus he is really accurate around greens which I struggle with so the two of us can still have a decent battle at Starfire. King is my favorite (except for #3... so tough). The staff are all very friendly. And I love how the course is centrally located.I like this course.  The staff is always nice and have been there forever.  The snackbar/bar is prompt and not too overly expensive.  The 3 courses are challenging from the forward tees but if you're a straight hitter its no prob.Went back last week.. although they seemed to be over booked it was still a great experience and a good pace!This is a tight golf course if ive ever played one. Put it in the books that you will probably hit a house. They are just a few yards off the fairway. The greens werent bad. Nit the best but they rolled fairly true. The greens were pretty hard so they got quite a roll. There werent alot of sandtraps which was nice, good sized faireays as well. The best part about tbis place is the happy hour specials. They have these fries that are out of this world, beer prices were very fair. Really e joyed this courseA residential track (which, I'm not a big fan of), but the layout here is good. The staff is very professional.  I didn't care for the ill equipped pro shop or the whiffle ball driving range.This is one of best values for golf in Scottsdale! We are locals and enjoy playing here and the course was in really nice shape. It was a bit slow and backed up a few times but did not impact our experience :)$30 for a mid May play through the entire 18? Yes please.Course is well maintained and surrounded by nice real estate. The greens roll consistently this season and there are enough 3 & 4 pars to have a non-rushed yet fast round (completed the course in under 4 hours). I will return & recommend.Usually well priced considering it's Scottsdale.  Well kept greens and fairways. Even though there are houses and condos around it still feels somewhat secluded.  What puts this place over the top is the customer service.  Played during Phoenix Open weekend when rates are obviously jacked up and told the pro shop we wouldn't be able to finish 18 and they happily gave me a rain check.Since I was on a business trip, the bill for my ride was directly billed, I am not sure how much it costs to be picked up from the Phoenix airport and dropped off at the Residence Inn in Scottsdale. I was impressed with the car as it looked very new and the interior was very nice with soft leather seats. I was picked up promptly by a nice driver who also helped me with my luggage. The gentleman on the phone was also very polite when I called to be picked up at the airport and walked me through where to go and wait for my ride.The only thing that bothered me a little was that corporate let us know clearly that both the gratuity and the fee was taken care of for me but the driver tried to convince me that the gratuity wasn't included. I didn't get his name but he said he was from Ethiopia. On the other hand, my co-worker mentioned that her driver was awesome and gave her so many tips on where to go and what to do in the area that she tried to give him additional tip but he told her that it's already included and not necessary!I guess it just depends on who you get!I was on a work related trip in Arizona and was a bit far from the hotel that the meeting was at.  The hotel contracts with this company to provide an hourly shared sedan/suv transport to the airport.  Unlike some shuttles this is a car or an suv rather then a 15 passenger van.The shuttle goes from the hotel directly to the airport, no side trips to other hotels to maximize the transport.  Nice vehicles and comfortable rides in over 100 degree weather.  The drivers were quick and courteous.  Price wise was 1/3 of the estimated taxi ride and 1/5 of what some of my colleagues got charged in the taxi.  Fixed times and fixed prices make it a reasonable choice for leaving the hotel to get to the airport in a timely fashion.Cars were clean and well maintained.  The vehicles were also not overloaded and crowded.  If there are more reservations then there are spots for the hourly "shuttle" then more vehicles are brought in.  Since they require a reservation for the lower price this can be planned ahead of time.Overall this is one of the best airport shuttle systems that I have seen or used from a hotel to the local airport.Not really sure why everyone are all giving bad reviews about this store.  I enjoyed going to shop at this store as the employees won't rush me into making a decision right away on any products.  They actually listen to what I need and offer any help I asked for.  I would definitely go back to this location whenever I need help with my Sprint phone.Living in Scottsdale there are endless choices of where to get food from. Chili's has a nice menu and reasonable prices. I always order online togo food. They are good about the time estimates and they usually do a good job of quality control to make sure you get what you order. Last time I ordered I was missing 1/2 of the bun on a bacon cheese burger. It was a major/stuck to the paper mess. Over all Chilis is an ok deal and very convenient if you like to order online and not have to get out of your car to pick up food.Besides the odd smell that I encountered when I first walked in, this Chili's was pretty rad. We got seated right away and our waitress got our drink order and drinks out to us in record time. My mom and I did one of those 2 for $20 deals starting out with there ever addicting chips and salsa...its so hard to just eat only one chip! Grrr!

Great selection of pizza and salads. My personal favorite is the blue cheese wedge.

- rolls are good, but huge. get half size.- may want to call in advance to put down name right before you leave. place is small and can get crowded quickly.Like another poster said, the best thing on the menu is the Seared Tuna Carpaccio. You only get one per person for the AYCE but it is heavenly and so delicious! We had several yummy rolls and its the best AYCE place in Vegas. I give it 4 stars only because this time the salmon was not perfectly to my liking - a bit slimy, and every time we go just a little some thing is a bit off. Last year, the service was a bit slow. The service this time was quick and friendly. If you're in the area and looking for good sushi or AYCE, visit this place. You won't be disappointed!If you're looking for a nigiri place, you've found it. Their fish to rice portions are the best; the rice is minimal compared to the big cut of fish on top of it. One thing that I would recommend is to go during lunch time to get your money's worth, as the dinner price comes with only a few additional choices.As for the service, it's above average compared to other sushi places. The servers are friendly. It can get packed, specially during dinner time. It can slow down the rate at which the food comes, but it's to be expected. Unfortunately, I can't give this place a five because everything else in their menu is mediocre. Their specialty rolls and their appetizers weren't that special. It's a big set back to being a "perfect sushi restaurant" if not everything is up to par with the best selections in the menu. But, like I said, if you're looking for a nigiri place, you've found it.Great AYCE spot for nigiri. Chefs and staff are super friendly. Only down side the small venue, and limited choices for appetizers. Other than that, extremely fresh and I recommend the tuna carpaccio and sashimi roll.This place is a small hole in the wall; probably no bigger than my living room, but the sushi is delicious. Lots of options, great service, and overall a good vibe.

The waiter we had was very pleasant and helpful, ooh and they have drink specials every night. We happen to visit on a Saturday and the Margarita's were $5 and very good.Good food with a family friendly atmosphere:)Food was excellent but they lost a star by bringing out The main course before the salad was done and rushing us to leaveFood was great! Got a groupon for this, and liked it so much we gort a 2nd one. Food is great. We went on Tuesday which is martini night and was also prime rib night. Prime Rib was AMAZIng, and the scallops were excellent as well, bested only by the scallops at Blue uptown. Martinis were delicious. I recommend the watermelon, it was my favrite. The cream cicle was good too. ONly 4 stars for hostess. We arrived with teo couples ahead, and we stood aside and waited. Another couple came in and went up to the hostess stand and she sat them immediately even though she had already acknowledged us. Her response was that they were standing there. Very frustrating. So the trick is to stand right at the hostess stand if you want to get sat more quickly. Server was amazing, food amazing, hostess was ok. She did pitch in and help clear tables to seat people but overlooking us really peeved me.We had great service , excellent food with large portions . The 14oz ribeye was one of the best cuts of meat I have had in a long time . The bill was very reasonable alsoNot a bad place at all. The interior was comfortable and nicely done, the service was quite good (more on that in a minute) the menu was a little limited and maybe a ~little~ on the expensive side but not outrageous. All their sandwiches come with the option of few different kinds of bread including low carb wrap and whole wheat bun. I'm working on eating better so I got the Steak sandwich in a wrap ( yeah I know. . . small steps) I also subbed out vegetables for the fries. The waiter, aware, that I was trying to eat a little healthier had them steam the veggies instead of doing them in butter. Now honestly I would have preferred he offered that rather than just up and have them do it but it was a nice gesture that I appreciated and will count as being good.  One small touch that I really like are McCormick salt and pepper grinders on the table. These produce nice fresh ground salt and pepper without the fuss of a waiter standing at your table with a pepper grinder the size of a baseball bat. It was quite good I'll be backWe've been coming here on Mondays for the last few weeks, at first alternating with Moe's but now every week.  What caused this?  They consistently have the best turkey burger I have ever had.Going back, getting here can be a bit of a pain.  Traffic at the shopping center from Ballantyne is one lane so leave early, also getting out can be just as bad because of other construction on Elm and people not being able to figure out how a 4 way stop works at the entrance.The restaurant has always been clean and service good, the menu has a lot of options and while the only things I have eaten are the angus burger, turkey burger and the fish and chips all were excellent.  If you look on their website you can see what they have on special for that day, otherwise it's a bit more than I like to spend for a normal workday lunch.One downside and the reason why this isn't a 5 star review is that they have advertising screens in the bathroom.  This goes against the atmosphere of the place and is more fitting of a McDonalds or truck stop.My friend and I came here last night for a few beers and maybe an appetizer.  I had a coupon from the "Welcome to the Neighborhood" packet I got in the mail - $15 towards food, dine in only.  Perfection.  We sat at the bar, the bartenders were all very friendly and quick with refills and checking on us. We glanced at the menu and the prices for meals looked a little pricy, but not too bad.  Steak, fish, etc for $20+.  But we only came here for drinks and apps - so let's talk about those lobster nachos....Oh

I can't wait to go back and try the food it looked so delicious and smelled great! I also wanna check out the night scene here but overall this place is the new place to be! And I had tons of fun..Let me preface by saying that I am IN LOVE with this place. I think it's a unique concept, it's very interactive (as far as the performers before and after the show), there are several rooms to socialize, and the Cosmo is the perfect hotel to host this experience. Great for groups, probably even better for a birthday or bachelorette party, or some big celebration! A few reasons as to why I give it only 4 stars and not a perfect score: Drinks are way overpriced. Tickets are insanely expensive. Food wasn't mind-blowing... don't get me wrong, it was wonderful, but I was really expecting to be shipped off to another universe. For drinks, I purchased an Airmail & a glass of pinot noir & my total was $39 before tip. I've never spent that much money on drinks on the strip before. The real cool thing is they always have 2 cocktails "on tap", and both times I've gone it's been a Paloma (tequila) & Moscow Mule. As for must tries for the food: Lobster Newberg & heavenly eggs - these were table faves.Each show is different from the next (8p, 10p & 120am), and even so, I went two different Saturdays and both 8pm shows were slightly different - as in a few acts were some I had not seen previously which was a great surprise.Great experience at Rose Rabbit Lie.. felt like a scene in the Great Gatsby! The setup is definitely not your traditional nightclub. Starts off with dinner/show then turns into the club. It is a brand new club so some nights are hit or miss. But def see a lot of potential for this new club.WOWZA! This place is sensory overload, in the best way! By far this best thing about Rose. Rabbit. Lie. is the restaurant! In case you're confused about what Rose. Rabbit. Lie. is, it's a show, restaurant, and bar all in one. The night we went, we did all three. We saw the show first, which was great. It's the same people who do Absinthe (which I love) over at Caesar's Palace. While I'm glad I saw the show at Rose. Rabbit. Lie., Absinthe is way better and worth your money so much more. The show at Rose. Rabbit. Lie. feels like a less funny, trying harder version of Absinthe.If you stop by the bar area, you get plenty of entertainment without the show price. There are dancers and different acts stopping by every 15 minutes or so. They're the same people who are in the show. Some of them are pretty amazing and fun to watch. The drinks are delicious but a little on the pricey side.By far, the best thing about Rose. Rabbit. Lie is the food. The restaurant was amazing! The next morning, I woke up still craving the brussel sprouts and the calamari. Everything we had was amazing. The service was great and there's great attention to detail. The silverware gets propped up by what looks like fancy monopoly pieces. The food is tapas style, so even though each plate isn't expensive, the bill adds up pretty quickly. Having said that,  I can't wait to go back, drink a glass of champagne and have two orders of the brussel sprouts.Fantastic show but drinks are outrageously overpriced.   3 mixed drinks and a bottled water for $77.Came here for night #1 of my 30th birthday celebration in Vegas. Hali was very helpful over email in booking a table for me & my group of 30 friends, and checked in a few days before to make sure we were good to go. I wasn't sure what to expect as I had heard it was a show, lounge, club...all rolled into one. We came for the late night show, and when we arrived were quickly escorted to our table, and there were several people helping to arrange bottle service. They were all extremely helpful throughout the night, and so friendly. We even had a bouncer guy who would escort the girls to the bathroom (and kept the weird creepers away)!! They gave us a huge area that was very close to the stage & there was plenty of room for all 30 of us to sit and enjoy the show. The show itself was the highlight! It was so off beat and entertaining, a little bit of acrobatics, dance, music, weird comedic stuff...everyone in my party loved it. I was very happy, because I wanted something a little different, not the typical Vegas club scene...and this was definitely it. After the show ended, it became a full blown club...not a lounge. I was told it was a more casual lounge, but the music was bumpin and it was hard to talk to people. We had a blast dancing for about an hour or two and then it just became really hot in there, too loud & too much (typical club scene in Vegas). The music is also majority electronic (or at least it was the night we were there), and we were hoping for more of a mix of hip hop, pop, electronic. Overall, we had such a great time here. The show is so much fun, the service was great, and it's a little different than the typical Vegas club scene. I would definitely recommend!!!Definitely a classy experience! But you have to go in with the expectation that you're going to be spending $16/cocktail at the main bars and $20 during the show (they auto-add gratuity/fees).Despite the pricey cocktails, the ambiance is amazing and the allure of the hidden mysteries that lie behind secret doors is too tempting to miss. We purchased the livingsocial deal for the 10pm canto and picked up our tickets around 6:15 on the night of the show. We were seated in the second row of section 100, but in the corner... so while we were very close to the action, we were behind the entertainers and couldn't see the images on projector screen.We were fortunate to be "invited" back to both the Cloak Room before the 10pm canto and the Study after the show. We had just purchased drinks at the bar in the Music room and were waiting patiently when a male/female duo approached us and asked us what our plans were for the evening. We told them we had tix for the 10pm canto and said perfect... they'd swing by to pick us up and take us to the Cloak Room after the performer finished her song. In the cloak room, we saw two mini-acts (the tap dancers and the sideshow freak Captain Frodo) and also enjoyed a complementary tequila punch! They then led us out another secret door and to the show room just in time for the 10pm canto.After the show, we went back to the bar to wait out the transition for the 12:00am show. We purchased another set of drinks and after sitting at the bar for a few minutes, the same woman approached us and asked if we'd like to visit the Study. Through another set of doors, we were led into another large room with a bar and a sideshow with the Dragon and his dog Mr. Piffles was taking place. Apparently, there is one cocktail special to this room (Down the Rabbit Hole) which we didn't get to experience. But the Dragon asked me to check behind a mirror in the wall and his chihuaha Mr. Piffles was behind it. He told me to get him, but didn't give me more direction... when I asked, he said hang on to him... :) so I got to hold cute Mr. Piffels and then I passed him on to another patron for a bit until staff retrieved him.All in all, a lovely/exciting experience. My partner and I were trying to discern how you got "selected" to visit the other rooms... it definitely seemed like they were picking pairs of two, and since both of our times we'd just purchased a drink... my partner said "you have to pay to play!".Which may not be wrong... during our stay in the study, there was an "auction" for a stale croissant... and a woman bid $55 which she actually paid! they took her into a back room and apparently did a strip tease!At 12:30a, we left the Study and realized the main bar/restaurant were mostly empty and a whole new crowd had taken over the show room with the club. Some of the original patrons were still dancing, but it definitely seemed like an entirely new crowd.If you can still get the Living Social deal, do it. I'd def recommend going early to get your tickets (which have assigned seats). We arrived back at about 9:25pm (no line, but escorted into main bar).Is it a club?  A show?  A bar?  A restaurant..?I was confused before arriving, and I think I'm even more confused now that I've been.At one moment, I'm in a study sipping on a hand crafted $16-plus-tax-plus-tip Mark Twain in "The Study", and the next I'm being swept into a private room by a young version of the Mad Hatter for story time.After being given some punch which "aids in forgetting" about the story that I'm about to be told, I'm presented with a blindfold from a silver platter, which by the way, also holds an old school revolver.  The story, which is told by the Mad Hatter's counterpart, is deep and interesting, yet difficult to follow.  My heightened senses of hearing and scent are stimulated with various sound effects including the sound and smell of burning fire.  When I'm asked to remove my blindfold, there is a contorted woman in the room, doing a handstand, holding a bow & arrow with her feet, and aiming it at the Mad Hatter who is playing the piano on the opposite side of the small room.  After he is shot by the arrow and dragged out of the room, we're asked to quickly evacuate as well.The level of weirdness and wonder doesn't change much throughout the night, as there is constantly something interesting going on.  Tap dancers on the bar, a guy playing a saw like a violin, singers, a female beat boxer, and more are just a few examples of the entertainment that seemed to pop up randomly both in context and location throughout.  I never knew where to comfortably take it all in, as at some points I was either behind the stage, hovering in the dining area, saddled up to the bar..  I always had that feeling that someone was going to tell me "you're not supposed to be here"; but they never did.All these experiences occurred within a few short hours, and I was (almost) completely sober.  I'd definitely like to come back for more!So it's a modern supper club, or better yet a Vegas supper club which is much much more.  My review is for dinner and the show,  and a friendly walk through of the rooms.  It's a little Alice in Wonderland,  a little Cirque du Soleil, a little Japanese game show,  and all Vegas.   No doubt,  it's entertaining and fits in nicely at the Cosmo.I've been here twice, both for dinner and once to see the show from the bar viewing area.  The space is lively and robust, its multiple rooms creating a slightly disorienting feel and complete with sliding blinds to separate the main room from the entry bar area.  It's modern yet retro, I think that's the best way to describe it.What you see may not be real.  The two guys in suits emphatically discussing the super bowl contenders did it for so long that eventually I caught on.  There's old school stuff and a little burlesque.Dinner holds its own very well and changes fairly frequently if I use my two visits as a gauge.  Seared foie gras, then au torchon, bone marrow, wonderful oysters rockefeller and sweetbread are my highlights.  Consistent throughout.  There's a great wine and spirits list, and service is attentive and friendly.It will be interesting to see how they keep it fresh and innovative, at the very least I hope to make another visit to find out.Really nice experience in Vegas. First night we had dinner in the dining room. Super small plates but really high quality. It's kinda nice when you are left wanting more! We were intrigued by the short performances coming and going during dinner so a few nights later we returned for the 10pm cantos (full show, no dinner) of Vegas Nocturne in the showroom. It was so good!! Drinks were crazy expensive (36 dollars for a well no name vodka cranberry and house white wine before tip) but the show was so good. A bit of Vauedville, a touch of Circ de Soleil, meets an underground talent show. Fun to watch. We loved it so much we came back for the midnight show  which turns into a fun dance club / afterparty including the cast after the 30 minute show.

After arriving, we were seated promptly.

They honored the free mango lassi for checking in, which was delicious with my meal. Thanks Yelp!I live out East and have dined here during my last 2 trips to Vegas. The food is very good, the staff very nice. Well-sized portions as well. Good value for your money. Will definitely go back & would recommend this place to friends.This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  The people here are all really nice and helpful.  The food is delicious and very consistently so.  I love that when I order spicy, they actually make it spicy.  Some ethnic restaurants assume Americans can't tolerate a little heat.  The location is a little dodgy but the interior is actually quite nice and inviting.Be on the lookout for coupons and specials-- they participate in a lot of the usual deal sites.Food is very good, the owners are great,     but The Manager was unprofessional.  He may no longer be there..    We ordered a Groupon   and called in and explained that we had a groupon worth $30  and ordered  some food to go.  I clearly explained my groupon... and there was no problem with the TO Go order from the employee on the phone who was polite. After driving 20 Miles.... we arrived.  The manager said the Groupon is for dining in only.  I said... why did they not tell me that on the phone... as I told them I had a Groupon.... anyway... he did not want to  honor the promotion.. then I asked him his name... and he wouldn't tell me his name... He said they don't make any money on the Groupon... I said...then why do you offer it?   .... that is not my problem.... I bought it... ordered. and then drove 20 miles... and now he is not wanting to honor the promotion.   Did you read the fine print ?  he asked..No I said.... instead, I called your restaurant and explained that I had a Groupon and they took my order.... and I in good faith came all this way expecting a smile and a thank you... and now I get a No.... and he was very  mean to me... disrespectful... not being considerate at all...Of course this upset me..... and I began to raise my voice..... Then he was upset that I raised my voice in his restaurant.... I told him... I did not come here to raise my voice... I came here for some Tikka Masala... but I will never come here again... trust me.....It is unfortunate... that they have such good food here....yet... the Manager is a hothead, and I feel sorry for the employees that have to work for him.  The poor guy that took my order... oh my.... he is going to get the wrath!He did not want to listen to anything I said.... In spite of it all I still tipped him $3 just because I am someone that has worked in the Restaurant industry, and I follow the golden rule... but I will tell you, this Manager was a real jerk.Now....there are  so many restaurants out there that would love to have a customer that drives 20 miles to come to them... and they will do everything in their power to make that customer feel special.  This manager  threatened to call the Police on me... can you believe that?    Wow...

- wine racks sitting in the sun from the window??!!

These were seriously good!  Basically you're taking everything that's awesome from a reuben and rolling them up into crispy egg rolls.Buffalo Chicken Rolls -- http://bit.ly/25jdk39

CRAB JALAPENO POPPERS: Tasty! It's a slightly-healthier version of your favorite bar snack. Not spicy, for all you wimps out there.

served  only pizza and wings.  And served we are.  We've always had good service here.

Bartender: Here's my phone number!REALITY:

(450) 682-4441

- Beef tongue.

Bread                 3  yelp stars

30 Hours Sous Vide Berkshire Pork Belly: 4/5The meal ended with our server asking my sister, "did your daughter enjoy the meal?" Good thing my sister didn't hear the daughter part.One of my career goals is to moonlight as a small business bistro owner. Moko would be my blueprint for success. I love the clean, contemporary interior. The owner was super friendly and welcomed me by name as I walked in (I had a reservation through Yelp). The service was impeccable. The menu is simple and the perfect size. Small portion asian fusion tapas - sample different small plates until satisfied. We started off with the 10 hour braised pork belly. The pork belly was flavorful and tender. The black raspberry marinated salt was quite creative, but I loved the piece of crispy sweet potato that topped it off. Other reviews raved about the beef tataki, but the seared sirloin was the only miss for me. I thought the micro greens went quite well with the beef, but the sirloin was too chewy and not at all moist. For the noodle dishes, the favorite seems to be the black bean noodle with poached egg. Yeah, get that damn sexy perfectly poached egg yolk. My personal favorite dish of the evening? Get the spicy honey chicken wings. You will not be disappointed. If you've ever had the famous San Tung chicken wings from San Francisco, you will appreciate this version. Perfectly fried with cubes of pickled daikon to cleanse your palette. Our dinner ended with complimentary red bean mochi. I think the only factor holding Moko back from filling its tables is the location. If this bistro was located on Spring Mountain, it would be full nightly.  Spread the word and check it out!Great vibe here. Love the style. They celebrate their year mark next month. Very clean. Small intimate place. Went for a lunch date w my hubbs. Staff very friendly and helpful with suggestions. We had a crunch roll, sweet potato fries, and honey spicy wings. Great presentation. So many things I wanted to try. Looked at the plates of everyone else there. They said to definitely come back for tapas style dinner!I ordered for take out. The gentleman at the restaurant was really helpful for helping me pick his recommendations. I wanted something with noodles so he recommended this spicy noodle dish. I ordered that and fried dumplings. The dish was delicious and the dumplings were fried to perfection. I do want to come back one night to try their other dishes. Also, the food was quickly made!If I could do 4 1/2 stars, I would.  This place is amaze. My bf had the sesame chicken and I had the honey chicken. Both delicious. Our waitress was adorable, attentive, and sincere.  The only reason it went down to 4 (1/2) stars.... is the wait.  I was on my lunch break and hardly had time to eat, as it took us roughly 20 mins to get the food. Fortunately the food was good and didn't completely mind scarfing it down. Outside of that, 5 star food/atmosphere/service.  Definitely coming backFood was all good,and the service was excellent... but $5 for lemonade and I ordered 2for kids,refill once...$20 drinks for kids just little too much...!Delicious takoyaki and well made bibimbap, will definitely come here again. The waitress was very nice and responsive and took card of me very well.Moko Ramen Bar is the former Moko Asian Bistro that is transitioning to a ramen bar.  I went for lunch/dinner today after seeing a Facebook post from Moko stating they had curry ramen. I am not a ramen aficionado but I like having soup when it's as cold as it's been the last few days.  I walked in and the owner, WooSuk, greeted me because I've been there a couple of times.  I sat myself at the bar and the server brought me the menu and the sheet where you check the ramen you want and check off any add ons you wish.  She sensed I was a tenderfoot, so she talked me through the procedure and did the checking off for me.My order was for curry ramen with an extra of homemade chasu.  While waiting for the ramen, I watched Navy pull away in their football bowl game--Anchors Aweigh, my boys, Anchors Aweigh!In a short time, WooSuk brought me my bowl of ramen.  The noodles were very hot and the curry had a good spiciness.  Mixed in the soup were some bean spouts, spinach, and scallions.  With the soup, I had a diet Coke.  The soup was very filling and quite tasty!  I need to go back and get the pako with my ramen but the curry is excellent!Delivery is available through a third party not associated with Moko.Dropping the tapas in favor of a ramen concept, Woosuk and his great service are adjusting their offerings to appeal to the odd mix of patrons in the area. Came in to a warm welcome when cold winter weather brought me in for a bowl. Menu offers a trio of specialty bowls and the option to DIY, along with some apps, bento boxes, desserts and beer/wine.CHASHU RAMEN: a wonderful tonkotsu broth with meltingly soft chashu slices and thin noodles! Really enjoyed the broth, had some peppery spices mixed in for a more forward flavor.CURRY RAMEN: a dish that is new to me, the curry broth was similar to a gravy version of the Japanese curry I've had elsewhere. Comforting flavor without too much spice, this comes with thick, chewy noodles, bean sprouts, and spinach. I added nori and egg, but they were unnecessary additions that would have paired better with the previous bowl. Enjoying the first bowl far more than the latter, the convenient location and great service will see me coming back to make my own bowl with the best aspects of what we tried: tonkotsu broth, thick noodle, perfect egg, and strips of nori. Our chicken karagge app was solid and helped to balance out the meatless curry dish.If you're the adventurous sort, note that they also offer the only Pako-men in town: ramen with a crispy pork cutlet!First of all, beware of a lot of the photos posted on Yelp because Moko is no longer a tapas restaurant. This place is a ramen bar & they offer a nice variety at that. Like all ramen spots, you can choose which type of broth you want, but I like how they have different noodle options (including spinach noodles for vegans). I ordered takoyaki, which was delicious, & a miso ramen bowl with thin noodles -- the broth was full of flavor. Although our server initially forgot about my appetizer order, he was very quick & attentive. Definitely worth stopping by if you're craving ramen.I might be getting back on a ramen kick at last, and it's great timing with new places like this one popping up.Moko Ramen Bar is located on Charleston across from the main campus of College of Southern Navada. You'll find it right next to a Tropical Smoothie Cafe (with one of the more awkward drive-thru setups that I've laid eyes on), and there was plenty of one-hour limit parking in the later afternoon.They used to serve Asian tapas, but I never visited them back then, so all I had to go on was a couple of promising reports from friends. I went more traditional today with the Chashu Ramen ($8.95). It took perhaps 20+ minutes for my ramen to arrive (with apologies from the server), but I have to admit that the wait was worth it.Firstly, the tonkotsu broth was rich. Although it's not the most complex or satisfying broth at I've had, I enjoyed it overall. There's perhaps a hint of ginger that's usually not present. Next taste was the thin noodles, which were just chewy enough. The real stand-out is the copious amount of tender chashu, about four pieces in an otherwise modestly sized bowl. They wasn't extremely flavorful, but they were meaty and can be enjoyed in every bite. This should satisfy those who normally would pay a premium for additional chashu.What some people might miss is the like traditional standard accompaniments as bamboo, kikurage (both of these seemingly aren't even available as add-ons), egg, and nori. I wouldn't say that I particularly missed any of those at the time. Personally, I was satisfied with the green onions and the very thin red chili slivers that were included. For those do who want extras or are customizing their own bowl, there are a range of extra add-ons for $1-$3.95 (proteins at the higher end of costs) in addition to the choice of four broths (tonkotsu, shoyu, miso, tonkotsu-shoyu) and noodles (thick or thin).I'm wholly unfamiliar with their old incarnation, but what I had at the new Moko Ramen Bar was among the better ramen experiences in town. It's usually a bit far from home for me, but I'll most likely return to try the curry ramen or to customize my own ramen with a miso broth.Alright let's start with the Ramen, first off I like the many options you can choose from to build your own bowls. I ordered the tonkatsu-shoyu mix which was pretty good, but I felt like it lacked a certain richness to it but it was still good. On the other hand, the service was on point, my drinks were topped off constantly, and their was always someone checking up on us. I was pleased with the overall experience. (Would of got 5 stars but they don't carry togarashi?)Service was good! Food was decent! Will go back for takoyaki (5 pieces$ for $5), and chasu ramen.Thanks for green tea ice cream!They live up to their mission statement! I have an extraordinary and stimulating dining experience in a contemporary atmosphere at an affordable price!Dear Moko, you've made a fan out of me! I like to think outside the box with little local gems like these where the menus are seasonal and the favorites change consistently. I called today and ordered two bento boxes of their favorites as well as a pasta/noodle dish of their choice. I was NOT disappointed. Between the prawns, salmon, chicken and bulgogi pasta we were not only well fed at a great price, but we have leftovers to munch. For just under 40 bucks we had a great experience not only with the helpful and kind staff but the great food at reasonable prices...we are definitely going back. Thank you for the wonderful assistance and great food!! Sincerely,Your Neighbor and FanOnly been there 2 times but so far I've loved it. I don't have to go very far for ramen. The waitress and owner are very hospitable and easy to talk to.Food has been great and I plan on going backClean small restaurant by CSN

4. There is always, ALWAYS, a wait at the cash registers. I've never gone to Woodman's and not waited in line at least 15 minutes."Service and savings, at Woodman's!"I always do my grocery shopping at Woodmans, the main reasons are the prices and variety of items. I started doing my groceries any day of the week until I noticed that on tuesdays there was not too many people shopping so that's when I decided to come on tuesdays.Maybe some people don't like Woodmans and I am not saying I haven't seen a thing or two out of place but they get lots of costumers every single day, they are really busy all the time and in my opinion they do their best to keep everything in order, I don't have nothing against other supermarkets but I prefer seeing employees coming from the back with carts full of items sweating than employees with a perfectly ironed shirt giving deep massages to the apples you know.I know for some people a trip to the supermarket it's like a punishment but not for me, it entertains me so much, I really like discovering new items, organizing my cart and even crossing out things off my list, come on, it's fun ;)I always find everything I need, specially items that would help me in cooking food from my country, like plantains, yucca root, chayotes, tortillas, mexican cheeses, there is a cheese in particular I found that I fell in love with, it's called Sierra Queso Cotija, the brand is Supremo and it goes great on top of beans, frittatas, yucca, plantains, potatoes, enchiladas, etc. It is an aged crumbly cheese with a delectable mild salty flavor.One thing for sure: Graduate students with budget love this place! Why? You wanna know why? It's for the price! It's like the most important thing for any graduate students, especially international ones, living on the tight budget. You can pretty much find anything you need for your grocery shopping: fresh veggies, fresh fruits (For someone coming from a tropical country, I found this place offers a quite selection of some tropical fruits!), milk, meat, dairy products, etc! Of all grocery shops in Madison that I frequently visit, this place offers lots of coupons, which can be printed, neat, isn't it?....And the aisle? oh my, it's huge! You don't have to worry to bump into someone's carts when shopping! If you want, you can do a lil jog as well! ha! Just kidding! But hey, it's possible, this shopping center is enormous!

Kurobuta pulled pork

Service: Superior (Ask for Silvana)

-I personally really like catfish so I really liked this one a lot. Crunchy & not oily. Although again, no extra seasoning on catfish, but I'm ok w/ that since I like catfish & it has a more pronounced flavor than cod

Five cheese and tomato: 5/5Service: 4/5

So thanks for a great meal and keep rockin' the mac!Very cool spot in the Phoenix area.  I love the old house charm and the funky hip-hop music they play.  I only go here for drinks, so I have no idea what the food is like, but if you're looking for a unique spot to sip some vino, I recommend stopping here and enjoying the patio.A very nice place low key, music is not loud, nice patio in a neighborhood prefect place to take a first date or just sit out on a nice day and enjoy a drink and dinnerI always have a solid experience here. The food is really good.We really enjoyed the house roasted turkey sandwich with salami. The Mac n cheese was great with green chiles for a twist in the traditional. We agree  artichoke heaven was heaven. Nice crafts beer on tap. Good happy hour of $2.50 taps.They play 90s hip hop, a fun vibe! Def good for smaller groups.Big fan. I love how casual this place is, and I love the outdoor patio: perfectly shaded with spacious, comfortable seating. Good amount of parking, and no valet so you save a few bucks (yay!).Happy hour is great - 1/2 off cocktails, $2.50 pints, and $4 house wine. The West Coast cocktail is delicious and has a lot going on. It makes me feel like I should be lying on a beach wearing sunglasses while I sip it.Chips and salsa - really good. Salsa is nice and fresh, chips are nicely salted. Grilled cheese sandwich is delish. Love the blend of cheese they use, and so glad they use fresh, ripe tomatoes. Got a salad on the side, which was dressed a little heavily but still tasted good. I watched people eating sandwiches at other tables and each one looked amazing.I will definitely be back!Delicious food and great atmosphere. The waitstaff is so-so which is why we're only giving it a four star review.Its been awhile since I was truly amazed at a Phoenix cafe. The Main Ingredient delivered a great atmosphere and excellent food. The cheesesteak was awesome, correction, everything  had great flavor; from the appetizer to the meal. Although I am not a fan of the music they play, it was a good mix and wasn't overwhelming. The service could have been a little better and is the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars. You must try this place, you will not be disappointed.This restaurant / brew pub with it's use of fresh ingredients and creative combinations, will keep you coming back.Having been here several times, my favorite is the Calvado sandwich.  It is a wonderful combination of sopressata, provolone, artichokes & roasted red peppers on focaccia, served with a fresh salad of assorted greens.Set-up in a converted house (which just adds to the ambiance) means that there is limited seating indoors, so get there early! There is a small patio with tables out front if the weather allows.The place shares a parking lot with several other restaurants, which means that parking can sometimes be a challenge.Great beer and wine selection. I love the vibe of this place and the outside patio is cozy. Good music. Good atmosphere. I've yet to try the food though. I'll update this once I have!I saw a lot of other reviews comment on how busy this place is on weekdays. Well, apparently the time to go is Saturday a little after 11am! Plenty of parking, immediate service, and the whole place smelled like bacon. Yum.We sat outside on the lovely shaded patio. For an appetizer, the tortilla chips and salsa are awesome--better than a lot of Mexican restaurants around. The salsa has a nice zip to it; I can't take really spicy stuff and I loved it, and my husband who craves nuclear-level spicy loved the salsa, too. My 9-year-old son, who is autistic and not one much for commentary, declared, "These chips are really good."I had The Winner Salad. Yum! Great size for a salad, not too big and not too small. The turkey pieces are actual thin cut turkey breast and the salami is awesome. Some places skimp on the cheese, but they served up lots of soft cubes of fresh mozzarella. The vinaigrette was lovely and fresh. If anything, the bread served on the side seemed very bland in contrast,My husband had the macaroni and cheese. They serve it up like a big brick of cheesy awesomeness. My husband LOVED it. The green chilies gave it a fabulous kick. My husband also enjoyed the happy hour prices for pints of beer.Really satisfying experience there, and a place we know we can visit again as a family!This is a great little gastropub. The people were friendly and the overall vibe felt comfortable. The hip hop music was not my style but I kept an open mind. I actually caught myself moving to the beat a couple of times. The beer list was modern and ample. I had a pint of pale ale and my wife had a key limetini which was tasty. Food was solid and portions were ample but not super sized. I had a bb&c sammy. Great baguette and good meats and cheeses. The horseradish will wake you up. It's also nice to see a salad side available instead of potatoes. We will be back.This review is more 3.5 than 4, but saying that, I actually really look forward to coming here again in the future. The restaurant is in an old house which means it has oodles of charm! A couple friends and I stopped in for a cocktail after lunch to check out the place and were pretty pleasantly surprised. The happy hour drink specials were impressive, $2.50 for all draft beer and $4 house wines. There wasn't an extensive draft list but they did have old Rasputin for $2.50 which is a downright steal. The house cabernet was better than we expected. I took the rating down a  bit because our waitress was not pleasant, she was walking around looking pissed off and put out to be helping us. With a little attitude adjustment this place would be better. I definitely plan to come back and try some of the food at another date.This was a fun little place. They have a great list of beers, which they have happy hour deals on. I sort of wish their menu had more variety. It seemed like everything had a mixture of all the same ingredients, and not much except for salads and sandwiches. That said, I had the Winner salad and did really enjoy it. The staff was very friendly.Good location. Good service. Delicious drinks with a great selection. Delectable food with a simple menu! Awesome music!!!  Low key crowd. Never been unsatisfied. Only 2 cons in my opinion, parking on the street if there is no where else to park and smelling like the restaurant( if you decide to sit inside) once you leave, but worth it for the awesome food? A must try!One of the best places in downtown.. Great food and awesome happy hour. Love the people here... Always friendly and great service. They have misters in the summer but sometimes turn them off early due to it being too humid and ruining the tables. If you ask nicely and it's not too humid they might turn them back on.My favorite is the cheese steak and a good ipa ( that they always have on tap) My fiancé loves the grilled cheese.A great place to chill out on the weekends.  Love walking over to sit on the patio of this Coronado house turned cafe with classic hip-hop soundtrack.  Try the green chile stew with tortillas; tuna salad; BLT. Nice happy hour prices.My friends and I came here Friday night and I really enjoyed it! It's a cute little quaint place with an awesome beer selection and great sandwiches/salads.When we arrived we found out that it's only $2.50 beers for happy hour which is amazing. 5 rotating taps and a ton more in cans/bottles. I went for a mozzarella and prosciutto sandwich with pesto and greens. Really good. My friends got the hot dog and the tuna salad on top of salad, they really enjoyed those as well. Waitress was really on top of here game and i got out of there with beer and dinner for under 20 bucks on a Friday. Can't wait to come back for more!I adore this place. I liked it so much I went back the next day while in the neighborhood. The Jive Turkey and the Veggie were yum. My friends tell me the, "Cash Cow" and Italian Ham were great too. Sorry the name of the latter escapes me. The house is darling. I loved the bathroom funny beer sign too. I have to say though they really need to turn down the music. I love loud music. If I am complaining it is way too loud.Wow! I started with the chips and salsa while downing a local brew. The salsa was flavorful and had a good kick. They were playing good hip hop music tonight that had me groovin' and shazam-ing for new tunes. I had the BLT and it was absolutely delicious. This definitely wasn't a punk ass BLT sammich. Their bacon was so tasty and crisp, the avocado and lettuce were green and fresh, and I'd marry the sourdough bread if I could. I'll definitely be back to try some other items.I love this area of town where you take old homes a turn them into businesses. They had a great selection of beers so we try a couple different ones. Really awesome chili practically licked the bowl. The BLT pork belly was kick ass! The appetizer was good but a little disappointing because it was variety of cured meats at all it came with was two types salami. I specifically asked if prosciutto came with it and they said yes but none came with it. Even still it's really good! I liked our server he was kind and polite he didn't ask us if we wanted a dessert I didn't want one but just for the review sake he didn't ask. Also it took a long time to get the check. I'm definitely coming back here!Came to The Main Ingredient for lunch and beers on a weekday. When I walked in with my friend, there were several waitresses/bartenders walking around, but they just glanced and didn't really acknowledge us, so after standing awkwardly by the door for a minute, we just sat ourselves. It's not really clear what you're supposed to do...Anyway, the food was great! I got the Sheridan sandwich- turkey, salami, cheddar.. the "Prohibition Ale mustard" on it was awesome. Mustard is mustard, but this stuff was real good. This sandwich in one word is a MESS. I mean, things were sliding all over the place. But it was so so good. My fellow diner got the North Beach- prosciutto, pesto, greens, mozzarella... it was great as well. Who doesn't love prosciutto? Side salad that comes with the sandwiches (you can get chips too) is big. I couldn't eat everything, but I'd definitely come back for more.Friends and I stumbled in here seeking shelter. This is Arizona and we desperately needed some air conditioning. (Never, ever move outside of "winter". Ok?)Ponying up to the bar area I studying the food menu. Overwhelmed by the salad and sandwich options I opted for the soup of the day. (I was ravenous but had already consumed my bread components for the day.) I'm happy to report that soup is served waaaay faster than sandwiches (Ha ha ha! to my friends.) The mushrooms were large and the the soup was not a heavy bisque as I feared. My belly was fully.If you're in the market for a sandwich the portions are HUGE. I'd go back for those. Patio space here is made for people watching. The bar, although cozy, is filled with charming regulars who clearly know each other well. One chap pointed out where the purse hooks were located. (I won't tell you  the borderline inappropriate joke shared. I  laughed. It's that kind of place.) There's a television above the bar. Nothing obtrusive. My only surprise was being presented with an open bottle of Canada Dry seltzer when I asked for soda water. I'm not adverse for paying for it. I would have just appreciated being asked. Neat place to hang out at.Been there in the past and had good service, parking can be a bit harsh. I had fantastic butternut squash soup and a delicious sandwich (turkey I believe) to go with it.  Nice selection of beer, I stop in every few months for something fresh and different.Love the staff, great ambience, food & beer.Our waiter was great & very understanding when I had him take my pibil tacos back.  It was disgusting!  I copied my friend & had an Acapulco steak sandwich.  That was amazing!  So was the artichoke dip.  Their chips were thick and fresh.  I'll totally back there again.  I felt a little guilty cheating on my favorite ale house but this place was so great I got over it really quickly.  Moral of the story: go :)P.S. my friend said not to recommend their Negril (sp?) drink.  It was crap gin & grapefruit maybe...yuckOverall, I really like this place but I think the menu is a little pricey. And it's rather loud inside so if you want to have a conversation your best option is to grab a table outside. If you can find one!! This is a neighborhood pub so it's usually crowded. But it's a great place to drop by and relax.The green chili stew is so so so delicious.If you live (like I do) near 7th Street and Osborn, this is one of the best restaurants on the area if you judge restaurants on atmosphere, food quality, prices, and taste in music. They've only lost a star because they do not offer WiFi to customers.They have Happy Hour all day on Monday, but I recommend not arriving before 7:45 pm because otherwise it's so popular that you'll probably be forced to sit inside.However, there's always convenient parking and they have an eclectic, youthful crowd. Plus, the restaurant was originally a house and dogs are welcome.First time in here for dinner with friends.

Duck

but the food is "WOW" !!My late night go to pho spot. Open 24/7 and they have roast duck! There are not many restaurants on the face of the Earth that you can order roast duck at 3am.The place was moderately clean, you expect that with very busy places very good food nice atmosphere.

The only reason it's not getting 5 stars from me is because it was pretty dirty in the seating area. I guess you should expect that to be the case at a restaurant in a strip mall but since it was so hyped up I had higher expectations in that area.Hmm Mexican or Chinese food...ok both! Yep I did it again, found Chino Bandido where they combine both! Super good and sorry I didn't come up with that idea earlier. A must stop in Phoenix, AZ! Pollo Diablo and Jade Red Chicken with Fried Rice and Refried Beans would be a good start! www.ontheroadeats.comDelish!  I have the Jen Red Pork and Jerk Fried rice when I visit.  I have also had the chili relleno too, which was tasty!  The cherry on top of a great lunch is the warm snickerdoodle that comes with the meal!  MUST TRY!Chino Bandito is a great takeout place to eat! Prices are reasonable and they always have your food fast. GetChino Bandito is the ultimate lovechild between Mexican and Chinese food...and tastes even better than the combo sounds. Kind of a hole in the wall, but in the best kind of way. Order at the counter using paper slips, and don't forget to stop by the sampling area...they'll let you taste everything before you order. One of the best parts...you can get anything on the menu in quesadilla form. The other best part is the fresh baked cookie you get with every meal.Jerk fried rice, black beans, emerald chicken, and jade red chicken quesadillas are my go to.Good stuff!  My fiancee is a huge fan of this place and will be back for sure.  So it's like a Mexican and Asian fusion with some Jamaican flare.  They have a lot of dishes and you can combine the different flavors.  The only complaint is the ordering can get a little confusing.  I remember ordering a dish on the card and what came out was something different from what I was expecting.  Regardless it was good and delicious.  My lady loves the Emerald Chicken and Polo Diablo, which were good, but I really enjoy the jade chicken and chinese bbq pork.Overall they have a good variety of different flavors.  You can get bowls, burritos, and quesdillas.  I would recommend this place.This mexican/chinese fusion restaurant is awesome. It is delicious and quick. The restaurant is kind of dirty and the tables and chairs are old. The food and service over powers the fact the place is dirty. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO ANYONE!!Always good food, but I did see a lady serving food picking up trash with gloves on and then serve people food without changing her gloves. Hopefully an isolated incident. First time I've ever had a questionable experience.Great food! Mexican and Chinese fusion! Great for the family and the kids. Service is very friendly and they'll allow you to sample the different meats to help you make a decision at the front counter. Never been disappointed here!The food was really good the quality of the meat was kind of Panda Express. The dining room looked like a soup kitchen dining room.  It had very unique flavor and defiantly a must try.Really cool concept and amazing flavors. Jade Red Chicken is a must! Pork fried rice is meaty and delicious and the refried black beans are solid too. Jerk chicken was recommended but kinda sucks so I wouldn't waste your time with it. Go here!!this is a good dive! chinese mexican fusion cant go wrong with that!It was good but not as good as I had expected due to the reviews. I will return again but I think 4/5 is a good review for chino.Wanna Try something unique and different...this is the place. The black refried beans and jerk rice are fabulous!This place has been here a long time. Still awesome! The jerked chicken is perfection. Warm enough to make me sweat, and make my nose run...but can still taste it...samples are the ticket! These guys know how to do it right!you won't find another place like this. I love it and it never lets me down.  I have taken tons of people here and they all enjoy it too.  Definitely check it out.The food is such an interesting mix of Asian and Mexican food. When you walk into the restaurant, it imitates the visuals of a 1950's burger joint, but looks a bit worn-down. My only complaint is that the ordering process is one of the most unnecessary annoyances I can imagine. When you place an order, you have to fill out a little slip that lists the plate number, combo, white kind of rice and beans, drink, name, etc. It was completely unnecessary to make customers fill out those slips while the staff behind the register twiddled their thumbs. I personally feel it should be staff's job to get all that info down and not hold up the ordering process when there's a lot of people in the building.If you don't know, you don't know. One of a kind menu that never disappoints. You could try 100 different combinations and find something awesome every time. Prepare to buy bigger pants though.I couldn't quite imagine Mexican food and Asian food together but it was so good! Lots of great options and you can mix and match to your hearts content! Open cafeteria type seating so it's not the best atmosphere and it can get loud but the food is great for a casual lunch or dinner and the portion sizes are large.The only reason this place isn't a 5 is because this place looks run down. But the food is amazing. Don't forget the snickerdoodle cookie that they give you. They let you try samples of what you might want to order. Must try.Rice is amazing. Diablo chicken is my favorite. Can be tough and chewy but flavor makes up for it. Ask for a side tortilla. Wish they had sriracha here though...decent prices.Fast and good for lunch.  Not too great in terms of ambiance.  The price I think is high for the quality. But they seem to have lots of regulars.This place is alright. It gets a huge fuss cause it was on diner drive ins and dives. It's not bad just not my cup of tea.My boyfriend took me here, on not the nicest part of town nor in the nicest building and I skeptically stared at the mariachi/wild-west panda statue that stood in the corner (if nothing else this statue is picture worthy). I then skeptically tried orange chicken in a quesidilla (the expected meal from the statue) and was socked by how much i actually like it! It was so much food too that my bf and I could split a meal and the workers are so kind- they gave us an extra cookie so we could each have our own! (:Love this place and at times forget about it when thinking of what to eat.  I always order their 2 item dish:  jade red chicken, emerald chicken with fried rice and refried beans.  Their bean and cheese burrito is also pretty amazing even though it's small - but it's so good.  The place on Greenway is a hole in the wall and you almost have to know how and what to order when you approach otherwise you may get the stink eye.Great pig out spot. All you need to know is get this combo: Chinese bbq pork and Pollo diablo with the refried black beans and jerk-fried rice and you will be very happy as long as you can go into a food coma for at least 30 minutesAlways wonderful! Staff is consistently friendly and kind. The food is always yummy!  Chino is always packed so that should tell you how great they are!My son saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and insisted we try it. We found it and man was it crowded. A great mix of Asian and Mexican, I wouldn't mind returning someday.awesome place, great food, fun atmosphere. my only complaint is it's a bit scary the first time you are here, it's fast pace and a bit confusing when you aren't familiar with the menu, since a lot of stuff isn't named like other places. truly a one of a kind place! keep up the great work guys!This is truly a hole in the wall. I dragged my family here and was nervous when we walked in and saw the layout. The food, however was well received. The menu is a little overwhelming but they are really helpful in explaining how to order. They have a choice of two proteins and you can make both, either or night into a quesadilla or burrito.  I love that you can have both Mexican and Chinese food on the same plate!  I wasn't sure how they would taste next to one another but somehow, it works. To top it off, they give a snickerdoodle cookie with the meals!  All the food is served in to go tins so whatever you don't finish, you can just bring home. There is a lot of food so it is most likely that many people would bring home leftovers! Not a fancy place but fun and a unique  place to try!I always enjoy chinos.  We bring out of Towner's here because it is, IMHO, a Phoenix jewel.  Love the Chinese, Mexican, Jamaican infusion.  Specifically, the jade red chicken, with veggie quesadillas.  Sometimes the tables and bathrooms are not clean enough to my standards. I generally just get soap on some paper napkins and wash the table myself.  It gets crazy busy there so justifying asking a member of staff to clean it just seems petty when I've found a solution that works for me.  For this reason alone I couldn't give them a five star rating.Very good and a little different.  For take out call aheadThe first time someone told me about this place like twenty years ago I was like, "Ewhhhhhhhhh, Really? Mixed Chinese and Mexican food? GROSS!" However,  it works and many menu food items are very good. I am not a fan of Mexican food in general but I like most of the food here. The Jade chicken Quesadilla is my favorite.I know this is random but they have the best Black Beans in Az. In fact I have a friend who says they are the best in America. She has tried them all over the world and always thinks theirs are the best. She has to have them every so often. Random number two, who knew? Their Snickerdoodles are the best I have found out of NY or a bakery. I know, very random.Wow! yummy!  Chinos is the bomb!  Mexican-Asian fusion at its finest, I can't explain it, but a delight to the taste buds. Cashier was more than accommodating in helping with my selections. I make it a habit to ask for recommendations when I visit a business for the first time...totally satisfied!  Ambience leaves much to be desired, but who notices when all you can do is not take your eyes off what you're consuming!  I'll be back every time I'm in the area!Good service, neat concept but the food isn't perfect. I need to try different combos to find the right flavor mix. A bit of tweaking, this place could be the next Chipotle.CBTO has unique, tasty food, low prices, a dumpy setting and a blend of happy friendly / apathetic employees.  The jerk chicken is delicious!  Get your meal to go and you won't care how ghetto the dining room looks.Talk about a funky fix! Asian/Mexican, who woulda thunk it, but it sure works. The jade chicken is the star here. This is not a 5 star dining experience, but who cares. If good, unique food is your wish, this is your answerChinese Mexican Food fused together to make it work.No frills restaurant that could probably use a facelift, order at the counter and they bring out the food to you.The most difficult thing is figuring out how and what to order, would recommend a Quesidilla and a burrito.  I think the best thing they have is the Jade Red Chicken. Can't go wrong with this item, it is not too hot but has good flavor, this works well in a Quesidilla,  burrito or just over Rice. Lines can be long during lunch time but are generally quick, such a wide variety to order with a multitude of combinations. Tip I ab to fill out the order before going in line so you don't hold up other people.Jade Red Chicken is great.  Orange Chicken quesadilla is great as well.  That's right.  Asian + Mexican cuisine (I use that loosely) all in one!  Grease for days.The Chinese food is OK, the Mexican food is OK. If they focused on just one, it would probably be good, but it is cool how a place like this exists to sell both these types of food together. Pretty decent value.I love this place! One of the more unique culinary concepts I have ever encountered -  a brash fusion of Chinese and Mexican cuisines. And wow, is it ever tasty!

hard working individuals from the cashier to the hostess and shift manager who visibly were on task, not distracted with other things and making it their priority to maintain a rhythmic flow of happy guests. My waiter Alfonso was very busy but you can see how hard they work day in and day out to serve thousands of people from all over the world to survive. They will gladly bring you more beverages or coffee if you request.

Check in early is allowed if the room is ready. You will need to check in at the front desk to know if there is a room for you. Check in time is at 4pm with check out 10am. One bad thing about Hilton Vacation Homes is that the check-out is set with no ability for late checkouts even if you are a HV member of the Hilton Honors.Room:

http://charlottehalfoff.mediawebconnect.com/D'Vine%20Wine%20Cafe/19934Great night out at D'Vine Wine. We'd visited the wine bar that was here formerly and while we enjoyed it, we didn't come back because of the prices, the ambience (a little too shoulder-to-shoulder) and lack of food on the menu.D'Vine Wine has taken a great space and upgraded it. We purchased a discount certificate on restaurant.com at 80% off using a coupon code, so we had a $25 off certificate for just $2. We picked up a $20 bottle from their retail area just around the corner, which our bartender corked and poured for us at cost, which was another great bargain.A bottle of wine, two full glasses of their bar wine, an appetizer, two mains and dessert cost us, all told with an 18% tip (which is added automatically via the coupon and frankly is still 2% lower than what I would normally tip for such good service) was $75. You can't beat that for a decadent night out where you don't pay attention the prices and just go a little "wild".Service was great. The space is more open than it was before with the previous bar, the live music was jazzy and perfect and it was just stellar. We will be back, and frequently. One star deducted only for the slightly under-represented appetizer and dessert. Both were great but seemed a tiny bit thin based on the descriptions. Nothing worth to bother about.So I finally went for my second visit to D'Vine.  Let me start off by saying it is the kind of place that if it had average food, you would write it off after one visit.  We walked in on a Friday night, a band was playing inside of the restaurant loudly, where if you talk to your friends, you have to yell and you can't hear their replies. Our table wasn't just off balance, it totally rocked and not in a good way.  The host and servers seemed young and doe-eyed.  Our server went home and we got another one.  They never refilled our water glasses.  When they checked on us, it was kind of like an afterthought.  But let me tell you, the food is DELICIOUS!  We all ordered small portions and shared.  We had filet, scallops, crab and lobster fritters & a chicken dish.  I even had a cheese course with tawny port for dessert, we all had a couple of glasses of wine and our bill was a little over $100 for four.  The food is so good, I would gladly go yell at my husband over the loud music to eat there again.  It will remind him of home.What a fantastic place to grab a bite to eat, a nice glass or two of wine and sit outside on the 2nd floor patio when you're in the 'burbs of Charlotte.A local friend and I comfortably relaxed on the outdoor couches on a pleasant Monday evening catching up on life, while enjoying a crisp pinot grigio. Hummus, scallops, and a delicious flatbread loaded with figs and goat cheese capped off the night.Sounds like this place gets pretty busy at the end of the week, but I think I'd much prefer the laid back atmosphere we experienced mid week.Ventured out to D'Vine Wine last Thursday night and it was worth the trip.  Lots of outdoor seating, including large couches and comfy chairs that reminded me of a coffeehouse.  Being a Thursday, it was pretty crowded, but I can see why other reviewers enjoyed it on a Monday night.  The wine selection was good and the food was delicious.  I highly recommend the tomato and mozzarella flat bread, the hummus, and the fig and brie appetizer.   My only complaint was that our servers (yes servers) seemed overwhelmed with the crowd due to a private party in the back.  Overall a great night and I'll be looking an excuse to return!The best way to describe d'vine is divine. I went there for a happy hour with coworkers on a Thursday and was pleasantly surprised to find it was half price bottles of wine. Awesome. Now which bottle do I choose?  I like red and there was quite a selection to choose from.  I strolled over to the bar to make my selection. The bartenders allowed me to taste my potential selections before committing to a bottle. When I finally decided what bottle to choose they were out of stock. Darn!  I allowed the choice of a 90.00 dollar bottle Shiraz for the price of the one that was out of stock which was 50.00. So essentially I paid 25.00 for a 90.00 bottle of wine. Even Better! The wine was excellent and went well with the mushroom we ordered. I will also add for those that do not care for wine there is a nice beer selection. Not your crappy beers either. Good stuff.Our group ordered several selections from the appetizers list and we were all pleased with food. The mushrooms and hummus were very tasty. The atmosphere was relaxing with a slightly older crowd but a few younger folks mixed in as well. Water refills were plentiful as well. My only reason for 4 stars rating was that you had to go to the bar for your drinks instead of someone serving it to you. We have another event planned in about a month so it is well worth the return visit. Another tip: They offer mega tastings on a Saturday afternoon once a quarter where you can taste 20 to 40 wines for a nominal fee. I will need to check that out and give a detailed report. That is if I can remember it well enough to provide a review. That's it for now folks.This is a perfect little neighborhood bar! I wouldn't consider myself a total regular yet, but the bartenders are starting to recognize me as are some of the other customers LOL.

staff was friendly and helpfull!Stayed here for one night to avoid having to drive back after a night of partying and really enjoyed my time here! Great customer service and clean rooms with really comfy beds [: Only thing I didn't like was the small pillows.. They were nice and fluffy but not even standard sized so I had to squish two together to simulate the effect.. I can't say much about their amenities because I wasn't really around to utilize them, but I did appreciate the free wi-fi and AC! Another cool thing about this place is their courtesy shuttle service.. Where I wanted to go for the night was out of their driving range, but if they don't need to take anyone else out and you tip handsomely they're willing to do it! A taxi would have been ridiculously expensive ($20 each way) so instead I tipped the drive $10 each way and got a safe ride for half the cost! Their front desk has 24 hour service so you can check-in/out as late as you wish, and they're always just a phone call or elevator ride away! The attendant that worked the 11pm-7am shift was extremely courteous and I appreciated his customer service [: If I'm ever around and in need of a place to stay I will most definitely choose this hotel..One of the better places to stay in the ASU area. Clean, good value, nice staff, safe and secure. A Denny's is right close by and IN-N-Out is across the street-what more could you want? Very close to ASU in case you need to walk to the Baseball or Football Stadium.This hotel is great.It's in an awesome location, right off the 202. Close to Downtown Scottsdale and Mill Rd. in Tempe a couple blocks away from ASU. There's a Denny's on-site and Starbucks and In-N-Out is right across the street. Both required to make any Angeleno feel at home!The staff was friendly and helpful, but most importantly the place is clean!*AAA discount saves you a few bucks.

The decor is older and not like a strip mall sushi joint.  I find it is what gives it the charm.If you are tired of a sushi place at every shopping center that all look and feel the exact same.  come here,  you will be happy you found Tokyo.I really like this little sushi restaurant. Been there twice already. The portions are great, fish are fresh, reasonable prices, and extremely friendly staff. The only thing that kept me from giving them a 5 star is that when they get busy it lacks in service. Took them more than 10 min to get our drinks and they forgot to put in one of our orders. Other than that everything else is great.Probably go there again this week before the rush.Konichiwa LV yelpers!I'm always on a quest to find new japanese restaurants to add to my where to eat for dinner list.Thanks for all of the awesome yelp reviews on TJR! I finally got to try TJR a week ago with one of my gf.

Rock hard pillows MUST be replaced by the soft ones. OMG my neck

-There is a separate terminal for U.S.-bound flights

for two drinks ,two lunch salads , two meals the bill with tax before tip was approx $21.  we liked it we'd go back but I will pick the chair againhad an excellent breakfast outside in the sweet patio on a warm morning under the shade of trees. the Italian Skillet was flavorful with pesto,  caramelized onions, poached eggs and potatoes. my companion enjoyed the Eggs Benedict with their light hollandaise sauce over focaccia bread. good to know there's an option other than Matt's Big Breakfast for morning culinary excursions in downtown Phoenix!thought I could use my groupon but it was only valid for Tapas Wednesdays.   Nevertheless, we had already walked the few blocks and decided to check the place out.

Our favorite flavor was banana, but I also really liked the blackberry.

Love all the options to catch the latest in sports entertainment!Great food, friendly attentive staff.My boyfriend and I came for lunch around 11:30am.  There were only a few people in the restaurant; however, the bartender was very friendly and attentive.  I ordered the Grilled chicken BLT and it was very tasty.  My boyfriend ordered the Thai Beef Salad and I tried the beef and it was amazing.  He said the salad was great!Since we were staying at The Marriott, we came back around 11pm after seeing a movie and the bar was full.  The bartenders were friendly.  I had the Peach Margarita which was delicious but was a little heavy on the peach.  My boyfriend had the Triple C Rail Pale Ale.  It's a decent local beer.This is one of the better Marriott resort and hotels I have ever been too.  Let's start at the beginning.  For its money you cannot beat it.  Very reasonable prices and parking costs ($12) a night.  Easy access and plentiful.  Coming to the front desk I was immediately greeted by several folks who had me on their list and ushered me to a desk clerk.  Really made me feel special.  Service was fast and Sincere.  The rooms had that great "hotel smell" that  I was staying in a real class place.  The rooms were basic but nice. The sleep system is fantastic.Overall this was a solid 4 star experience.Excellent beds. Loved the pillows. One of the best sleeps ever. The hotel is right in the heart of downtown. Your are a short walking distance to all the attractions: Blumenthal Performing Center, Children and Mint Museums, Morton's Steakhouse.Another plus in my book: they have Starbucks on site. Guys and night owls will appreciate the intimate bar and cigar smoke saloon. Very classy, great selection and soothing music.The Marriott City Center has a great location close to everything. The rooms have been recently renovated and the restaurants and bars in the hotel do a nice job. The rooms are "Marriott practical" meaning that all the things that you need to have a successful trip whether business or pleasure are there. Nice work area with plenty of outlets, but they still charge for an Internet connection ($12.95 per day), sweet bed linens (if you like them alot, you can purchase them through a catalog in the room) and a bathroom stocked with Bath and Body works products. There is a HD flat screen TV in the room and a dock for your iPod but missing was a mini-bar which I thought was a standard in Marriott rooms. Oh well. . . . .no Pringles and beer for me! But what pushed this to a 4 star review for me was the high level of service that I got during my stay. From the moment that I checked in I was taken care of. My room reservation and keys were ready to go when I got there. They lent me an umbrella to stave off the snowstorm that was raging outside. I was greeted at every turn by management and staff alike and room service even ran back downstairs to get me a straw when my Bloody Mary came without one. Every one was courteous and polite. In the small points department, know before you go that the walls between the rooms in this hotel are not that thick. Trust me- I spent the night in the room next to the couple who was celebrating Valentines Day over and over and over again. Instead of "getting a room", maybe they should have "stayed at home". Yikes! Even the TV couldn't drown out their "delight" in having a king sized bed. Let's just say it sounded like they got their money's worth. That aside-Marriott's are a good choice for their consistency across all variables. I'll stay here again the next time I'm in the "Queen City".When it comes to checking in to a hotel, I'm all about fast efficient service. Charlotte's Marriott City Center could be a role model for other hotel establishments. Valet parking, for instance. While many people prefer to self park, there are those of us who would rather not schlep our belongings across a dark parking ramp after a few hours worth of travel. I can appreciate the simplicity of someone waiting for you to open your front door, assist with your heavy luggage, and hand you a valet ticket, smiling throughout the entire exchange. Immediate recognition as you approach the front desk is key to happy patrons. I grit my teeth when I am left standing for a few minutes while staff members "pretend" not to see you while finishing up their previous business. A simple acknowledgement is always appreciated in such situations, but it amazes me how many times the front desk staff resorts to momentary ignorance. Not here though. Big smiles, and a fast, efficient exchange of information. After a quick run down of restaurant times, hotel updates and the fitness room location, I was on my way to my room. Marriott does well with creating a comfortable home away from home: comfy desk chair, ample desk space with plenty of outlets, and my personal favorite, the ipod docking station. There is something so nice about listening to your favorite play list while working away on your laptop. Bummed that wifi is not free (especially when my wireless card is having issues). If Panera Bread offers free wifi, I think a full service Marriott should too. Great location in the heart of downtown Charlotte, the City Center will be my first choice.Marriott City Center is the host with the most! Beside the Westin this hotel has all the happenings. This is by far one of the best Marriotts that I have ever stayed in based on comfort, entertainment, location, and amenities. Starbucks check, by now those of you who read my reviews should know that SB is a symbol of civilization that comforts me when I am away from home. Friends know old lady Toya will be getting a basic tall coffee to kickstart a day of activities. This one is complete with Charlotte souvenirs, pickled jams, and veggies from local farmers-nice idea. The gym was clean and all the equipment was new. I'm talking about USB ports in the elliptical machine new! I worked out 2 days in row and the 2nd day I got into the whirlpool, which was big enough for about 10 people. Pool great for laps, lemon water, lockers, fresh towels neatly stacked, attendants on hand. Nice workout area. The Cutter's Cigar bar which I talk about in a separate review and Champions Sports bar with lots of TVs and good lookin men standing around in grape clusters. Too bad you can't pluck one when while you with one. (Just jokin)The hotel breakfast was very good, complete with brunch buffet or seperate selections. All the usual stuff belgain waffles, omlette stations, hot cereals, breakfast meats, All for a very affordable price about $10-15.The rooms were comfortable, the first time my bed ever had too many pillows. All your electronic docking stations available, a nice view of the city, large sink, huge chrome shower head that could rinse a small elephant (luv those), but oddly enough no fridge.Through out the weekend the hotel gave little hospitality gatherings, its rumored they had free drinks. This is a great place to stay, getaways to hotels like this keep me sane.I'm not a big fan of Mariotts (prefer Starwood properties), but this one is relatively new and certainly full of amenities. The location is unbeatable. Cigar bar at the lobby is pretty cool. But, the wifi speed is wimpy.Easily locatable with buildings all around.

- Parmesan crusted chicken was $16.95. They stack 2 pieces of chicken on top garlic mashed potatoes & the whole thing is surrounded by sauce with mushrooms & sun dried tomatoes.Drinks:

Last visit the fire alarm was pulled by a child and it went off for over 20 minutes as MFD tried to silence it going in and out; everyone seemed confused and unsure what to do. (Staff I mean) I was having a headache from chemotherapy and had to sit with my ears covered cuz they're real sensitive to loud noise.  So I couldn't take a bite of my meal this night.We asked the manager for a "to go box" and she gave us our meal for free and only charged us for our drinks to make up for the craziness and noise.  That was very nice, professional, and unexpected.We will keep coming back. Not to mention it's a block from home.Love the staff here.  I love it when the wait-staff talk to ALL people at the table.  It bothers me when I'm out with friends or family and waitresses only talk to and make eye contact with the men at the table.Former waitress to waitress:you never know who's paying the bill and thus your tip....remember ladies, the woman at the table may very well be footing the bill that night and you've lost any hope of a tip if you only address the men. My boyfriend always has me sign for our card and I put in the tip amount.  I'd never "stiff" anyone, but I believe in "random acts of kindness" and I might give a 45% tip for fun if it's been a good work week and I'm feeling I was served like I matter.Great burgers and the tastiest, tender chicken sandwich I've had in ages. Tots were fresh and crispy. Services wasn't great as experienced before. Only go back because the food is consistently worth it.

Nephew:  Mild Wings   $8.99 (All appys $5 during happy hour!)   Sister: Chicken Shepherd   $10.99   Me: Turkey Reuben (sub coleslaw for sauerkraut) with sweet potato

- Gin and Tonics (Original and the Citrus*)

A great adventure!Superbe chapelle de la famille Sinclair, rendue trop populaire par les élucubrations fantaisistes du Da Vinci Code de Dan Brown. Si vous aimez l'architecture, c'est bien ici qu'il faudra se rendre, dommage qu'on ne puisse prendre de photos. En sus: un chat noir aux bottes blanches dénommé William passe ses journées en ces lieux et se laissera caresser sans problème pendant que des fadas à moitié sourciers se promèneront avec leurs baguettes de noisetier ....When stepping into Murrayfield Ice Rink you almost feel like you are stepping back in time because the place is so dated. It could really do with an upgrade.We went on a busy Saturday afternoon, and it was just over £5 for skating plus skate hire, so pretty reasonable for an afternoon out. The skates were so old and cheap, i reckon people were wearing these back in the 70's. The rink is quite big, although on a Saturday it does get very busy so it does feel a little cramped sometimes. Especially as you cling to the side and there is a hundred other people doing the same thing. The play some tunes while you skate so you can bop away, although who am I kidding skating is hard enough on its own- adding dance moves is too much. What I didn't like about this rink was the despite the fact there was signs everywhere saying "No Ice Hockey Skates" during the general skating, there was a large amount of teenagers clearly in their ice hockey skates. This wouldn't be a problem if they didn't chase each other around, unbelievably quickly I might add, or chip ice at each other. I saw them knock over a couple of people and there was a few times I almost fell over thanks to them speeding past me. It just felt like there should have been some stewards to stop it, but then they joined in with them as I guess they are all hockey buds.This ice rink really deserves 3 stars due to it being so outdated and the fact you can enjoy your skating without getting run over by a teenage boy, but the fact its the only skating rink for miles around earns it an extra star.Way back in the mists of time when I was a girl guide (yes, really), I used to come down to Murrayfield for a skate with my pack (not sure if that's the proper word) quite frequently. We would skate around for an hour or two trying not to get mown down by neddy boys with speed skates, then head to the café for a £1.50 burger (god knows what must've been in them). Happy times, except I remember they used to have security on the door doing bag searches (on 12 year old girls!?!) and they'd make you bin any food you'd brought with you. Nothing has really changed, apart from the burgers costing slightly more and, thankfully, the security guards have gone. It's a nice way to spend an afternoon and infinitely more fun than the gym.My flatmate plays ice-hockey so I have trooped out to the Murrayfield Ice Rink on a number of occasions to root for her team ( and get really cold!).I have to admit I had never been in an ice rink before and I was impressed. It feels a bit stuck in the past (flashes of the movie Mighty Ducks kept creeping into mind). It's a very decent size rink, particularly busy during the day on weekends. It attracts a lot of the local teenagers, who can't just make it to the pub yet and come here to hang out instead. Don't let this discourage you renting out their (a bit old) skates for 6 pounds and giving it a go. Personally, I won't be skating. All I want to do is get on to the ice-smoothing machine thingy!There are a lot of Lothian and first buses who come here from the city centre, namely the 12,26 and 31.  If you are going to head here for an ice-hockey game wrap up warm!Ah, good times. Murrayfield Ice Rink to me is chilly memories of unsure gliding circuits round the rink, when I went to a weekend skating club called Normandy, which was basically for the purpose of checking out boys and posing in my latest Tammy Girl number, rather than actually improving at skating or showing off any athletic ability. Although I do remember skating round the rink to Robert Miles and watching some other awesomely skilled ice skaters do their thing, and thinking I'd be keen to learn to ice skate properly, because it just looks so graceful and amazing if you can do it properly. Anyway, I suppose the concept of an Ice Rink is fairly self explanatory, so if you fancy a day of icy, slippy, fitness, then Murrayfield is the place to go. If you're into ice hockey, you can also watch quite a few games here. I also once attended a disco skating night here, where again, I skated about posing and checking out boys, but at night time rather than during the day. I have absolutely no idea if they still run such a night, because I'm about 15 years too old to have a clue now, but I remember at the time thinking it was brilliant.Murrayfield Ice Rink has a very flashy, retro 70s style about it that I love. The skates are very old and blunt but since today was my first time ice skating I didn't really notice. The corridors leading up to the arena, the cafeteria and the toilets could all do with an upgrade however. Very old fashioned! You hire skates in the room at the end of the corridor which was a bit of a shambles with everyone pushing and shoving to get served at the hatch. You pay a £5 deposit on the skates (included in our school activity week price) and hand over your shoes. Our session was 1 hour and 30 minutes long and the rink was booked entirely for us but I'm sure it must get ever so busy because the entire population of East Lothian, Midlothian and Edinburgh will be using it. I looked on the website when adding the page for the cafeteria and it said the public sessions were only 30-45 minutes long! Seems like a ripoff to me.As my local ice rink, it does a good job and I was pretty impressed by its size.For my Dad's 50th I wanted to get him something special. For some reason I thought going to a fancy Whiskey store and buying him Whiskey would be special. I failed to recognise the fact my Dad doesn't drink Whiskey, but that isn't really important. Its the thought that counts? My American friend recommended this place as she had used it while holidaying in Edinburgh.Okay so my Whiskey knowledge consists of Bells, Dewars and Famous Grouse. But apparently there is like a trillion different kinds from a tonne of different countries and that is what this shop stocks. It all gets very confusing as there is single malt, bourbon, malt and it goes on. So I was happy that some charming fellow took pity upon me and helped me choose. He explained the different types and all the hullaboo surrounding the age and the way its distilled. I ended up just asking for something fancy and in my price range. I have no idea what I purchased because it is all too complicated for my simple vodka drinking mind, all I know is it cost £50. But if you like Whiskey or have an interest in it, then this shop is ideal.I'm not a whisky drinker and in fact, even the smell of it makes me feel sick. I worked for a catering company when I was at school and I remember having to walk around with trays of various different whiskies for people to take. Every single person asked me which was which and even though I should have arranged them in a manner that made it easy to remember - I didn't. So ended up just making whiskies up... I wasn't fooling anyone. After my whisky experience I still really am none the wiser about any of them but I've bought a few bottles in my time for retirement presents and such.This store is jam packed and looks very traditional, with all kind of whiskies, they also have other spirits too including a good selection of gins (my favourite), I guess whisky is their speciality though and I'm sure whatever whisky you're looking for you'll find it in here. Great for a souvenir from Scotland, a gift for a whisky drinker or great if you just fancy treating yourself to  fancy new bottle of your favourite whisky.If you are into your whisky, Royal Mile Whiskies is the place for you. I am not a huge whisky fan but I came here (pretty much dragged!) with a foreign friend who wanted to have the full Scottish experience and I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it. Situated on the Royal Mile, Royal Mile Whiskies is in the ideal location to attract all the tourists and when I visited, it was heaving with primarily American tourists. This store appears to stock every single make of Scottish whisky ever made. This is a great place to pick up a gift for someone as their whiskys span a huge price ranging - starting at about £15 for a bottle and going way up to over £100. Royal Mile Whiskies also sell the tiny wee miniature bottle of whisky are fantastic if you don't want to fork out for a bigger bottle. The staff in this store are incredibly friendly and highly knowledgeable about all things whisky related.Now, I don't know a whiskey from a hole in the road and this -yes I know- is a very, very bad thing indeed.That being said, these gents were quite nice to a somewhat befuddled Dutch girl walking in at 7pm sighing that she needed whiskey but didn't know which kind. Now what is even more remarkable is that said gents stayed kind, showing no signs of arrogance or annoyance, when they proceeded to attempt a full-body explanation of the delight that is whiskey. When the bemused blond girl put on the puppy eyes, looked even more confused, and asked what single malt was, they gave up and started showing the girl various bottles.In the end, the slightly befuddled -and now tipsy- blond girl walked away with a very, very good single malt 12 year old whiskey, that her brother-in-law will surely love.How does she know it was a very good whiskey you ask? Well, it's 5 hours later, I only tasted the tail-end of a shot glass and I can still feel it in my veins.That cannea be bad, aye?Competitive price

Sauberkeit war so wie sie sein sollte. Man erhält ein Papier-Gedeck, so dass die Schokolade auch mal etwas tropfen kann.I first saw these guys when they made a pitch to the wealthy entrepreneurs of the ABC TV show "Shark Tank" last year. While they didn't connect with any of the investors, they seem to have done well enough for themselves to bring a truck to Las Vegas.I ran across Baby's Badass Burgers at the Sunset Park'd food truck festival. Having been kinda-sorta promised Fukuburger and not finding them present, I figured these guys would do for a burger alternative.I went for the simple Original Beauty ($8), a half-pound burger on a King's Hawaiian roll with melted Swiss cheese, grilled onions, sauteed mushrooms, and some sort of special sauce. I actually got $1 off that price by following them on Twitter, and I just noticed that it's listed at $9 on their web site. Not sure if they cut prices overall or decided to have a special for this event, but I felt like I got a decent deal.The burger itself seemed just a little bit larger than a Fukuburger offering (if that helps at all). It was pretty hot, and the ingredients all complemented the meaty burger. Ironically, the bright pink truck didn't have much going in the way of pink meat. I just thought it was good, and it should have made a better impression on me as my first food of the day in a pretty hungry stomach.The fourth star on this rating is because I don't wanna be a jerk toward a new business and because the $2 "Pig Tails" (curly fries) looked like a sizable and tasty portion on other people's orders. If I hadn't been saving room to try other food trucks at the event, then I would have gotten it for sure. I'd be interested in trying another burger and getting those fries next time.Went to a realtor event the other night and they had this PINK truck serving sliders.  They were really good!  I recommend them and the curly fries were great too!!

I'd come here again any day, and they offer a speedy delivery service for those who really can't be bothered.Finally visited Happiness last night after meeting up with a number of Yelpers earlier on in the evening. Happiness was due a visit based on my mum recommending it from a previous visit - so I had high expectations, given her infrequent visits to the capital. And glad I am to, as it is the nicest Chinese meal I have had in a while, being it restricted to a dodgy takeaway or two. Enough to make you forget that given the right chef, this food can taste pretty good. Inside, it looks like a takeaway place with a few tables and smells a little greasy. It's bright and cheery enough though and the bathrooms are much much cleaner than in some places I have visited recently. I was interested to note that it served much of the standard fare but mixed it with some more interesting and rarer dishes on the menu such as steamed dumplings and spare ribs in guinness sauce. I was intrigued by the salt and pepper tofu, although I didn't get to try it on this particular trip. Upon sitting down, you are given a bowl of prawn crackers. Now, I don't know about you but I love these heart-hardeners. The problem is - 90% of crackers I have sampled, taste of cack and are dripping with oil. Happiness delivers nice, thick crackers, full of fishy flavour and definitely less oily than the majority, thus renewing my faith that good crackers still exist in the world, you just have to seek them out.We then plumped for the 8 quid menu, although there were many choices on the main menu to divert us. Pretty cheap, eh - and given that it was too close to payday for comfort, set menus seemed the best option. I had spring rolls while the boy had hot n spicy chicken wings - both cooked fresh to order and didn't appear to have the telltale traces of microwavery hijinks. The veggie spring rolls were particularly tasty, my only gripe being (and this is more general really) that you just can't find the giant spring rolls of yesteryear - if you did, the spring rolls here would be a perfect candidate for combining the four rolls offered into one. That would be all filler in this case (oh if only it were true). As for the main course, the boy had Szechuan chicken, which disappeared almost in seconds, while I tucked into some delicious prawn with ginger and spring onions - all tasting delightfully fresh. The fried rice we had was also tasty and non-greasy. As our eyes were much larger than our bellies, we also ordered a side of salt n spicy chips - just to see what they were like. To report back - chilli-peppered chips are definitely for winners, although the chips themselves were not great, I would definitely attempt a similar dish at home. Overall the verdict is: seemed that food is cooked fresh to order, at least that is how it tastes. We both left very satisfied and reminded to never order bad takeaway again. Did we achieve happiness? Indeed we did.Really really good free prawn crackers, better than most I have tasted!  It took a while for the food to come, but the waiters were very nice.  Decent decor inside. The noodles with shredded pork  was pretty good-it was with soup on the menu but they offered a stir fry option.This location used to be Paymon's downtown. It is now a new restaurant.Went for a work lunch. They had 9 choices for salad on their lunch menu. I really liked that variety. They also had French onion soup and a soup of the day along with the usual sandwiches, pizza, pasta, chicken dishes, seafood dishes and burgers.I was eating alone and ordered a salad so the service was plenty quick enough for me to get back to work. I really like the the menu variety. Looks like most food prices fall between $10-$20 for lunch.Awesome atmosphere, food and service.  Great Tapas Menu!  Will be back to sample more of the menu soon.  Nice outdoor seating area with fire pit.First the con's to get them out of the way. The menu listed sangrias for $2. When we got the bill, we were charged $6 each. When questioned the server informed us that the special was only if you ordered in the bar. That wasn't noted on the menu. The sidewalk apparently goes through the outdoor seating area. Several people who weren't guestsof the restaurant passed our table during the meal. Not an issue really, just strange.

2 asada multiasIf I recall correctly, the total came to $21.63 or so. This might seem a little steep to some ($2.50 per taco/mulita) but the portions are very generous and the meat is very flavorful. It's also worth noting that Chuy - from what I could see - is no longer offering the smaller size tacos. Also worth noting is that the asada fries come in only one size - big! It's on the higher end at $7.50.     Despite the great service and food, I am left a bit confused. When I look at the pictures from other Yelp reviewers I see the larger tacos filled with guacamole/avacado, sour cream and maybe even cheese? My order had what you would normally get with a taco - meat, cilantro, onion etc. but none of the extras that others had posted.Not sure what's going on with that. I'll need to confirm all of this with Chuy on my next visit and will update this review once everything is understood (I take orders to go so had no idea until I got home).   My only suggestion would be to tighten up the menu and pricing so it all makes sense. Once he does this and also gets the word out about the location change he'll be kicking butt and making tacos. Give it a shot, you'll love it!Was searching for breakfast burritos late one morning - just driving around and stumbled into this place - whoever was working (the owner?) made me feel right at home and fixed me up some of the BEST breakfast burritos I've ever had. Things were as big as my forearm! Friendly, delicious and some great creamy habanero sauce... I'll be back every time I'm in Vegas...I stopped by for lunch today, and was glad that I did.  I'm happy to see a downtown restaurant getting on board with clean eating and offering free range chicken meal options.  I was also pleasantly surprised that the place opened on Monday, and just four days later, it was super busy during the lunch hour. It's definitely a hip, trendy lunch spot. The restaurant isn't very big but has several different tables to eat at, plus a counter and a rectangular bistro table (I think called the community table or something like that). I had the free range mozzarella sandwich with potato salad and a pickle.  Overall, it was good but I thought my chicken was lacking just a little bit of flavor so I added some salt and pepper to it.  The potato salad was really good, not too mushy or mayonnaisey.  My lunch mates both had the chicken caesar (also free range), which they said was delicious.  One friend said that the dressing was fresh and tasted like it was made from scratch. The one downside was the noise level inside the restaurant.  Once the restaurant filled up, it became really loud and we had to talk loud (and basically shout) to hear one another.  I wouldn't recommend more than four people to a table during the usual lunch hour. Eat is a great place to get your grub on.  It's cool, it's heathy, and there's plenty of parking around the block.  The passion fruit iced tea is also very refreshing, and dare I say, better than the one at Paymon's???The city needs more of these treasures that one might find in LA, SF, or NYC. Limited menu, but great food and lots of personality. Service is ok, but it is only the first week.Let me preface this review by giving a quick run down of how my friend and I finally arrived at eat. We were walking here from Downtown3rd Farmer's Market, which I knew would be just a quick few blocks up Fremont Street and to Carson Street. Of course, so easy!As we walked and noted certain street signs were missing from certain streets we we ended up walking about six blocks PAST Carson where we should have made a left! OY VEY.Anyway, eat is a brand new edition to the Downtown scene and a nice little place to drop in for some good, quick bites. The menu features salads, sandwiches and small sides. When we were there only the lunch menu was being featured, although I am aware they serve breakfast as well. My friend and I both opted for the chicken mozzarella sandwich with a pesto sauce and tomatoes. All sandwiches come with a choice of their homemade potato chips or potato salad. We both opted for the chips. They were crispy, brown and yummy. However, a very sad day for us. Each sandwich also comes with a pickle and they were out of pickles. *tear* We actually really were disappointed.As for the sandwich, I thought it was good, although not blowing my socks off. Would I come back and eat it and probably try more of their sandwiches? Yes, I would. Especially since I have been wishing for so long a place like this existed on the Eastside of the Valley. Now - here it is! In my fave place - Downtown! And is just about a 10 minute drive from my house! Here's the thing - the place is SO LOUD. LOOOOUUUDDD. If the place is packed good luck carrying on a decent conversation with whoever you're with without yelling - you won't be able to. Although I like the atmosphere and the way the place looks, I think they could use something to tone down how freaking loud it gets in this place. By the way - avoid street parking by parking in the El Cortez parking garage, it's just a short walk away. Bingo. Awesome new place to eat.This is a cute little lunch cafe. Very cool  decor with a trendy/artsy vibe. I loved the aesthetic of the place.  I love that it is downtown. Only serves breakfast and lunch. I went around 11:00 a.m. on a weekday and was offered the lunch menu; full of healthy and organic options. By the time I was done eating an awesome free-range chicken sandwich the place was starting to get packed. The restaurants maximum occupancy is 89...so maybe not a place I would go in peak hours. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. There is a counter for single diners and tables can be moved together for larger groups.I eat, so I went to eat to eat.

The chips and salsa is really good! The chips are made fresh and so is the mild salsa. If you want it hotter you're going to have to add some hot sauce.The tacos are quite doog and a steal at $2 a piece (less during HH I think). My favorites are the pork and potato...stay away from the chicken, dry and boring.

Also relaxing in the mid-morning sun and welcoming any and all

3) Use all the amenities (Take advantage of that shit!)

The nozzles were destroyed and cost 200 dollars (parts plus labor). I have a 2012 XTerra Pro.

My fav is the mango lasse.Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Makhani are my favs.I always call in my orders beforehand.

The food here is inventive, with amazing ingredients skillfully blended.  The brussel sprout salad was un-bee-lee-vable.  The salad with the candied olives is also over the top good.  The sunchoke soup (vegetarian) was smooth and creamy and totally focused on the richness of the vegetable.  While the afore-mentioned chicken was just a little over-cooked, it was still a very, very good dish.  The bread was amazing.  And the two biggest positives:

The soup I ordered was a crab asparagus soup and I was not overly impressed with my soup selection. The soup was not terrible but it was not a lick the bowl good either. Since I was on a detox diet at time I could not order an iced coffee like I usually do. I could not see how theirs stacks up to Lang Van's. However, I did order the jasmine tea and found it to be quite delicious. The service was prompt and I never managed to get to the bottom of my water glass. I thought just maybe they might serve those awesome peanut cookies at the end of the meal but no dice on my wishful thinking. Overall I would definitely come back and try another soup selection and update my review. One comment on the restrooms they were not the cleanest I have seen and a bit on the smokey side. Thumbs Down on that in my book.My first Vietnamese meal was very good! To glance at the exterior (and the eclectic interior as well), you might discount the quality of the food, service and atmosphere, but the service was attentive, the food was wonderful and the overall experience was great!I sampled the wonton soup, #43 - a wonderfully seasoned grilled chicken on a bed of vermicelli lettuce, cucumber, bean sprouts and mint and also #79 - a flavorful lemon grass curry chicken that was quite good as well.  My date had frequented this restaurant often, but even a Vietnamese cuisine novice could read the menu and make a great selection from the very helpful descriptions under each item!Our glasses were always full, our waitress was friendly and our food was great!  Look past the neighborhood (go with a friend - it's just more fun anyway!) and give this place a try!Ben Thanh is Lang Van's ugly sister. Gritty on the outside, fast food-esque structure on the inside with interesting decor--I actually liked it better than Lang Van. I was a little concerned when I walked inside but I was taught not to judge a book by it's cover so I was willing to give it a go. They had eclectic music.....I'm talking "Girl From Ipanema" and "I Will Always Love You" but performed with a keyboard and wind chimes, the randomness of it all made me smile. Food was tasty, prices were cheaper than LV and jicama rolls were fresh. I forgot what combination I got but it involved bbq meatball which is served on a skewer and not in meatball form....funky. This was my third venture with Vietnamese food and while it may not be my first, second or third choice in ethnic cuisine to turn to in the future, I enjoyed Ben Thanh. Give the ugly a shot! PS-Speaking of random, they are closed on Wednesdays!The bathrooms are horrifying, not too fresh looking, and smell like smoke. The parking lot is crumbling in some spots and isn't in the freshest most deaf part of town. (Hmm. Do I spell deaf in this instance "d-e-f"? I'm not so fly after all.)The ambiance inside...Hawaiian print plasticky table cloths and strange decor.  However, these things are all forgotten when the food comes out in a jiffy, and it's hot and delicious.  The lemongrass curry here is super flavorful and a niiiice big portion. The bun dishes I've had here (especially the house bun) is possibly my favorite one in Charlotte.  Lots of toppings, really crisp spring roll, lotsa sauce.  Don't you be skimping out on my sauce. Like Pourina R. if I'm in the area, I'd stop in.  If not...maybe I'd head over to Vietnam Grille instead.So, long have I been trying to find my replacement restaurant ever since Saigon Bistro went down the tube... And I found it. This place's broth is excellent. The only suggestion for me is please give me more noodles! Compared this to Lang Van, this place is ten times better though. Lang Van is just overpriced, with no noodles and semi okay broth.The only reason why they had such great business is because they were featured on Charlotte's Best. Well, Ben Thanh is where it's at if you had to choose between the two.Pho Dac Biet is what I always get.Based just on today's lunch : Four stars We had an order summer roll, the #40 (sausage, shrimp etc with rice noodles ) and Lemongrass squid. The sauce for the summer roll was primo, the #40 was very flavorful  but the lemongrass squid floored me. It brought back memories of the Vietnamese restaurants I used to frequent in Paris (only this portion was triple the size) and of Miss Saigon (in Coral Gables Fl) when it first opened up and had a line of patrons lined out in the street waiting to dine there. At less than half the price too.Not a convenient location for me but I will return and sample some more.

Sloppy Joes

Damn right it's better than yours,They'll give you a refill.But they have to chargeSure, the service might not be the best but for this combination of price and quality, ON THE STRIP, you can't beat it.Let me repeat that, we're on the strip where everything is about 150%-200% marked up. When I was there, they had a couple late night specials. $2 for burger and fries and $6 for steak and eggs. I guess they raised their prices up a $1 since then, but it's still extremely cheap.I believe the special runs from midnight to 6am and lines usually build up around 1am so try to get there fast. But the burgers were BIG and the meat was juicy. It was great, we paid 50 cents I believe to add cheese but it only made it better. The fries were nice and crisp and you have to believe that for $2, they give you great portions. It was unbelievable how cheap it was. Some of the guys orders 3 or 4 orders of burger and fries.... but they didn't even finish 1 order!!! Haha got too greedy??So this would be my recommendation for a late night eat, especially when you spent too much at the club/bar on some girl who wasn't worth it, joking of course.I didn't have any if the - experiences as other yelpers. It's 1am and my very nice waitress Elizabeth just cleared my plate. Got the steak and eggs for $6.99. My boyfriend, also. He ordered rare and myself medium rare. (Elizabeth did ask both steak and eggs preference for preparation) they were as ordered. Hot and delicious. I added some salt because I like kidney failure. The usual standard toast and hash-browns, as expected. I don't know how anyone could complain with what we experienced. My water cup was refilled before it was empty, we didn't wait more than 2 minutes... Two! And our check was dropped as we ate. Loved it. Very satisfying after walking allllll day and having pizza for lunch! Thanks Flamingo :DSo I came here with two of my friends whom I "like" at around 4am.  The first thing that I noticed was our lovely waitress Betty.  She gave us many suggestions and was very patient with us. For appetizers we ordered three shots of tequila.  Weird....

This is one of those places...

- The manager, after moving us from our already seated and reserved table, shoo-ed us over to another spot to seat his friends. Rude. He promised drinks free drinks but charged at time of billing then disappeared.How it works:

-It would also be nice to see more of a variety to drink in the lounges other than water; like assorted teas, nuts, and little snacks would send it over the edge to being awesome.I would definitely visit this spa again, the staff was very friendly, and I felt verrry relaxed.Pros: When I asked all my coworkers for spa recommendations, they all said Joya spa. Took my out of town visitor here and we had a great girls day. Sunbathing by the rooftop pool, spa services, and the hamam. The food options available poolside were kinda bland, typical spa food. Cons: there was some confusion about the price for services. My friend and I thought our total would be between $200-300 due to some deal we read about online. The entire time we were there, we were so shocked at the amazing value. Turns out, we received over $400 of services. Needless to say, it was a great experience, but we won't be back.Joya Spa would get 5+ stars if not for the apathetic, untrained, bitchy staff at the pool. Note to Mgmt: if you want to offer lunch at the spa pool, either hire additional staff or at least provide some basic-level customer service training for the existing staff! Entitled much?

Allerdings waren unsere Erfahrungen in diesem Restaurant unterschiedlich.

We got the Spicy Tuna Salad Sandwich and the Brenner Burger, both were great.  And the waffle fries that come on the side are delicious!

Must not be that bad.Recently in Montreal, my boyfriend and I ventured into Les 3 Brassuers for a snack and got a couple of beers to try their brew out. We ordered a pizza that was delicious! The crust/dough was almost a cross between a crepe and pizza dough and the pesto drizzle on the pizza was phenomenal! The cheese and tomatoes on the pizza were very fresh and overall, we were very impressed. We were only in for a snack, otherwise we would have ordered more food. We each got a beer, both of which were good, but not our favorite. It was quite crowded, but it was a Friday night. Coming from Boston, the crowd was nothing extreme and very manageable. The atmosphere was very fun and we would both return and get food, but probably not one of their beers.This is like the equivalent of a TGI Friday's for me...but its old town location gives it a lot more character than a Chili's would have in the States.  I came here on my first night in MTL and ordered their Light Blonde beer, a regular poutine and a smoked meat "Flamm" (a very thin crust pizza with a cream sauce).  The place was packed for a hockey game, despite this we grabbed a table right away and a lovely waitress greeted us quickly.  She brought us English menus and drinks right away.  The beer was good and the poutine (with maxi fries) turned out to be my favorite during my stay!  And I did my share of poutine tasting....from super high-end to not so much, and this one took the prize (sorry French-Canada!).  The Flamm was not my favorite, but the beer and poutine filled me up, so it wasn't a big deal.  If in a bind for a place to dine, this is not a bad bet.  It really doesn't feel so chain-like.I am in Montreal for the first time for a conference. I am a big fan of pubs in the states, so naturally thats the type of place I sought out first. I've been to a few so far this week. Les 3 Brasseurs (the 3 brewers) is one of my favorites so far. All the servers / bartenders speak English and accept USD. The food is good. Try any variation of the poutine and you won't be disappointed. The beers are quite good, too. I've found that many Canadians don't prefer very bitter beers, but I do....so I was a bit skeptical in trying the IPA, but it turned out to be similar to an American IPA, so I was happy. There are at least 2 locations of this place in Montreal...and somehow I've ended up at both. It is spacious and a unique looking atmosphere. Fun!Their pizza it's pretty good!! (they call it differently since it's not technically a pizza, since it has no sauce) and their beer is delicious, I recommend the amber one. Great decor, nice atmosphere, even for families, and also great service.I will only speak for the drinks. The mojitos are very good. Their microbrews are decent too.Try the Provençale Flammekueche (flat bread pizza) No meat, It comes with fresh tomatoes, pesto and grated parmesan and romano cheese, pesto (basil, olive oil and garlic). Two people can split one. I have also had the Thai Flammekueche which comes with Chicken, peanut sauce and Gruyère cheese, topped with baby sprouts,green onions, red peppers, julienne cucumbers, cilantro and almonds. Very tasty! We ordered the 6 sample beers (about four ounces each) which was fun, and then followed those up 2 full size beers at Happy Hour pricing. Fun and delicious, I highly recommend this location if you are searching for some good food and drinks at reasonable pricing in a good atmosphere!Always really good, i had pizza and my mother in law got smoked meat poutine. The smoke meat was really gross. Sorry...like really gross. And i love smoked meat. my pizza was delish and ceasar salad was good as well!Max is a great waiter and the la belle province is great! Atmosphere is also great :)Brasseur special flat bread pizza was delicious, blonde and white beer was good too . Nice decor/atmosphere as it was located in old Montreal building.À y aller pour une bonne bière et de la bonne bouffe. Prendre leurs "pizzas", les flaquelque chose, c'est pas pire pentoute. On a pris la salade et disons que je ne dirais pas que c'est leur spécialité.Il y avait du wi-fi, gros plus!Went with my grandmother as my "birthday dinner". We had the charcuterie platter which was delicious and each got the mussels. Although tasty, the portions were large and we were both entirely too stuffed by the end of our meal. Our tab was about $82 (one wine and one beer) and my grandmother gave the poor waiter $90. The waiter kindly accepted the 10% tip and wished us a good evening. I snuck off to give him another $10, props to him for not having called out my grandmother for the poor tipping.The lost star is because the mussels weren't phenomenal, slightly overprice (but I'm cheap) but MOSTLY because the initial waiter serving us refused to serve us in English. If you don't want to give service in english, maybe you shouldn't be working in a section of town as touristy as the old-damn-port. Le sigh.Just went tonight with coworkers as we're staying right in the area, apparently both of them had been here before and thought of it fairly highly. Food was good, I had the lamb shank which was pretty well done for a brewpub. Beer was also pretty tasty as well, especially the seasonal porter and the regular wit. Service was pretty friendly so I would come back.The house brown ale was okay, the stout on the rotating selection was amazing.  It's nothing that outlandish, but the service is good, and it's a good place to get some beers, poutine, and pub food.This is my third time to a 3B and I find there quality of food, beer and service very dependable. This last time I had a group of 11 with me.  Checked earlier in the day if they could accommodate us later and they took our reservation--even let me pick out a spot.  Sure enough our table was waiting and the service by Vincent and the whole staff couldn't have been more effeicient.  We had a Cirque show to catch at the Old Port, do it was a perfect location in Old Town.  Plus, when I told the staff our time limit and we were all paying seperately, there was no eye rolling or attitude.  (America really needs to adapt the portable card machines!). Excellent menu selection for pub food plus fare.  I enjoyed a Smoked salmon/shrimp flammenkuken.  Delicious.I really recommend this place for some pub flare with style.Great bar. Nice vibe. Awesome home brews. I had the 4-beer sampler to taste their brews and all of them was pretty good. Went for a pint of their "Blanche" afterwards, perfectly refreshing on a hot day.my love for now. every time pass by, want to have a drink here. good place for afternoon relax.I was so impressed with the menu and selection.  We stopped in after a day of traveling and had a couple of great beers and a delicious flatbread.  I hand't heard of the restaurant before and was surprised to learn that it was a chain.  I look forward to returning so that I can try some more of the menu.  I definitely recommend.We walked through the streets and we're looking for a nice place to eat. By accident we stopped here (around 6pm) it was easy to find a table and we had a very excellent service. I loved the beer, very good. Also the food was quite good except that my steak was not medium any more. Price is slightly on the high side it still acceptable for location, quality and service.Beer was excellent here, service was good too. We didn't get to try any of the food but for some reason it reminded of TGIFridays. I like how their menu is printed out like a Gazette and the variety is extensive. I also enjoyed the laid back ambiance. I have to say, when it comes to beer, coffee, and wine, Montreal has it together; well done.This specific location of Trois  Brasseurs is my preferred apres skating pub. First of all I really like the concept of this brew pub chain. They brew five pretty good beers, they also have beer of the month, seasonal choices as well as beer competition between the different brew pub locations once a year. The tasting flight called "l'etchétéra" is a great option to sample their classical beers. The varlet (1 litre glass) may be perfect if you are really thirsty and don't mind the heavy lifting. Trois Brasseurs has solid menu with delicious flammekueche choices, some good meat dishes and my beloved popcorn style crusty fried shrimp. What I particularly like in this location is the maxi poutine. You won't find it on the menu, but for an extra of two dollars they will substitute the regular fries with the maxi ones. I have to say this is one of my favourite poutine in town and it has been pretty consistent as quality. Sometimes the person bringing the food will be too much focused on bringing all the dishes together and you may get your plate a little bit cooled off, some other time the waiter may be a little bit distracted and you will end up with something you haven't asked for. Regardless the guys are willing to correct their small mistakes and service is overall ok. As this is a pub located in the old port, its atmosphere is quite unique, the pub is housed in one of the old stone walls buildings. The front part of the pub has tall tables and could be drafty during the cold winter months, on the other hand the back part of the pub is sheltered, but the kitchen personnel tends to open some door periodically and introduce more cold  air. The best part to sit is really in the middle of the pub, warm and protected, perfect for those who have decided to freeze on the skating rink or during other outdoor winter activities, and need to warm up. Finally the vibe of this pub is relaxed and this is another reason I like going there. Cheers!Food was good and very fast.  Like incredibly fast.  Servers and staff were very efficient.  Food was a little expensive for what you got but overall a good dinnerThe sampler of beers were all pretty good.  I thought IPA was best and girlfriend liked the amber best.  The BBQ pull pork poutine came in a cool bowl and was excellent!  Staff was great and knowledgeable...food and beer came out very fast during a busy lunch hour on a Friday.We were only in Montreal for three full days (the half days that included travel don't count in my mind), yet there are two restaurants that we frequented twice. The things they have in common? Delicious [insert item here], terrible service.So, Les 3 Brasseurs was a random stop. We were wandering the beautiful cobbled streets when we realized we were hungry. We started to incorporate menu perusing into our wandering, and the menu here caught our eye, not only for the food (which was blessedly lacking in the poutine arena), but also for the beer.We chose to sit outside, which probably wasn't very smart. The patio is small, and they squeeze way more tables and chairs out there than is advised. I watched several couples in the aisle next to us passive-aggressively bumping chairs into the patrons at the table behind them. It wasn't the customer's fault, really. The restaurant should have known better than to try to fit 30 tables and chairs into a space that could only really fit 20 on a good day.At any rate, both times that we stopped here, we chose to sit outside. I do love to people watch. I found the waitstaff to be lacking on both occasions, but what the heck - we were there for the booze. My husband absolutely fell in love with their L'Ambree (American amber/red ale) - it was the only thing he ordered on both visits. Meanwhile, I wanted to try as much as I could, so I started with the Brune (brown), then moved on to the Blanche (white), before trying the seasonal brew, the Summer Fresh Raspberry Ale. Wow, that makes me sound like a lush. I'll have you know this was over the course of two visits, thank you. I'm just not divulging how many of each beer I tried. =)The Blanche was by far my favorite. It was smooth, with a light citrus flavor. It wasn't an overly wheaty wheat beer, if that makes sense. I don't know how else to describe it. The Brune was also very good - it had a deep, nutty flavor without being too heavy or having too overpowering a finish. My least favorite was the raspberry ale. I did like it, but not nearly as much as the other two. I had expected an overpowering raspberry (or at least sweet) flavor, but it never came through. That might be good - I would expect a raspberry flavor to dominate the beer itself - but I was looking for at least a hint of sweet or raspberry. It was, however, a very light and refreshing beer, perfect for a hot and sunny day on the patio.Both times we went, we went light on the food ordering. Our first time there, we shared the charcuterie platter and an order of the beer mussels. It took for-freaking-EVER for the food to get to us. We were both on our second beer by the time the plates hit our table (and feeling it, too...or maybe that was just me?)While the food was decent, it certainly did not make sense that we waited over 40 minutes for a small board of meat and cheese and a plate of mussels. To add to the mild frustrations (mild because I was tipsy by then), the waitress never once came by to check on us, or to give us an update on our food. Not that I needed a play-by-play, but knowing that our food wasn't forgotten would have been nice.Our second time there, our waiter coldly told us that we'd have to order something to eat if we wanted to stay on the outdoor patio - apparently you couldn't just drink beer out there. That was fine, as we were once again planning on a light snack, but he absolutely could have phrased in a nicer tone of voice.That time, we each ordered a Caesar salad, which again took much longer to come out than I would have expected. I also never expected to get bacon on my Caesar. I should have read the menu a bit closer, I guess. I love bacon, it just was not what I was banking on when I placed that order, so ever piece of bacon from my plate ended up on my husband's. He was in heaven.So yeah - service not so great, but that beer, though! My husband still says that if they exported that amber, he'd buy it by the case. I kind of feel the same way about the Blanche.Good food, good beer, awesome atmosphere. We really enjoyed this micro brewery. Try it!beer sampleas soon as we sat at the bar the bartender handed us a sample of their pumpkin spice beer... which was delicious! and I sure did order a full sized one. I think this is a popular little brewery in Montreal, I noticed them in a couple different locations. we just wanted somewhere cool to kill about 30 minutes while waiting on friends and got lucky with this place! the staff was fun, and dressed in costumes (it was Halloween weekend). the beers were delish and decently priced. from what I could see the food looks great but I've been fooled before by great looking food. I really wanted to venture back over to this micro brewery later in my trip but just never got the time. my short visit there was awesome though.My boyfriend and I came here a couple of times to eat and a couple of times for drinks while we were in Montreal. It was within walking distance of our hotel and offered up an affordable and fast place to eat and enjoy a delicious beer. Would recommend.People give it a hard time because it's a chain, but the simple fact is, they have a DELICIOUS white beer (among others) and the vibe is always good.  Even if it's not the kind of place you'd spend a whole night at, nothing wrong with watching the game, hammering back some massive glasses of beer, and eating a flammekueche.I'm a fan, screw the hatersWent looking for a casual place to have dinner and a beer and found Les 3 Brasseurs. It was one of the more inviting places on Rue St-Paul on a chilly rainy night. It wasn't crowded but did seem to be an after work hang out for some locals. The service was good. I enjoyed the beer of the week. It was something between the regular blonde and amber. Love that it came in 1 liter mugs. Food was pretty good too. Had the poutine with pulled pork on top to start. Then a burger that was fresh and pretty tasty. Next time I would get the poutine without the pork. All in all it was good and I would certainly go again.Beer flight was on point with 6 nice beers. Service was lovely. Flatbread was totally ok. But it's the Roulette Russe that was unforgettable!J'aime bien. Malgré le fait de que ça soit une chaîne, on le ressent pas quand on y est. La bière est bonne, et le varlet (1L de bière) est à un prix abordable à mon avis (vers 9$ et quelquechose). J'aime bien la terrasse en été, mais il faut commander à manger pour y être. Par rapport à la nourriture, les nachos peuvent sembler un peu chers mais l'assiette est très grande! (Très bons aussi). Aujourd'hui j'ai mangé ici avec mes parents et ils ont bien aimé, et on a commandé les saucisses avec la choucroutte (3 saucisses, un bon repas) et les fish and chips (2 bons morceaux de morue). Une experience satisfaisante! Les serveurs ont été aussi sympas avec nous.Went for a 5 a 7 with the coworkers.Old port yeye

But who was going to pass up a free buffet??We got there around 11.

-The taco special (bleh)today my wife and i went to green. and as usual it was fantastic! pizza and and an oatmeal creme cookie. it does not get much better. we are always fans and when we get up here we come on in. never have we had a bad meal (too many to list). since they made the top ten on veg news best vegan restaurants we go when we can. if you are in the hood stop on in and check it out. the staff is very friendly and are always willing to make a recomendation. the daily special is always very tasty. we have had the soynami (peanut butter and chocolate) and it was good, but it is not the best vegan ice cream i have had. high quality for sure but a bit pricey for the taste. dont miss the cookie though, it is worth every penny!My first time at Green, I was unimpressed.My second time at Green? I fell in love. The employees are all friendly (and even helped me out immensely when I lost my phone in their trash can - it was the worst :( ) and when I asked them what I should get (I love actually being able to do that!), the Original G was recommended to me. And man, did I enjoy it. I love spicy food, and the Original G is mock chicken with spicy buffalo sauce, lettuce, tomato, and vegan mayo. IT IS SO GOOD (and clears your sinuses out!). The thyme fries are absolutely awesome, as well. I could eat them all day.The crab puffs are also so yummy, and completely different from what I expected! The puff itself is crunchy and flaky and delicious, and the mock crab is warm and creamy and so good. But above all, the shining part of the dish? The sauce they serve it with. SO GOOD. Overall, I am so glad I gave Green a second chance. My advice? Go for the mock meat sandwiches. The bowls are ok, but the sandwiches are where Green truly shines.Green totally fulfills the need for the college town to have a collegey, hippey, hip, dim-lit vegan restaurant. I like the ambience though I couldn't find it the first time I was there. The options are pretty expansive and the pricing very very reasonable. I have always been a vegetarian, so while meat eaters love the authenticity of the mock meat texture, I wouldn't say I was entirely comfortable with all the mocks. On one of my million visits, the flavors of one of the dishes (a rice dish that I can't recall now)  didn't work for me, but that is probably just me. And it was just once.Vegan food is so interesting.  I got a burger which had a patty that was orange on top and red on bottom so it felt like I was eating undercooked meat, which wasn't the case! Tastes like a real burger, sans meat.  The fries are so crunchy and delicious! Atmosphere is kinda hole-in-the-wall like and the people there are a variety of interesting people. Definitely would try this place again for their wide variety of dishes.This place was GREAT! I had lunch at Green yesterday and I have nothing but good things to say. The food was excellent! Much better than I expected. The staff was very nice. The atmosphere was fun and lively. The only things that I was not thrilled about is the seating. Basically you have to run to an empty table, bus it yourself, and if the table isn't empty you have to intrude on people that are getting ready to leave. I don't mind asking people if they are done with their meal but I felt a little awkward doing it, like I was rushing them..... The other negative is the way that the staff screams your name when your food is up. I think if they implemented a number system the whole place would function more efficiently. Overall, the experience was pleasant, the food was great, and the prices were reasonable. I will definitely be going back.Yum! For all those skeptics who fear trying vegan cuisine, this is the place to start. I have not had anything on the menu that I disliked, and you would never know that these dishes are completely free of animal products. The Green Burger and the Mexicali Burger totally satisfy my need to chomp into a big ol' burger, which I occasionally miss since I became a vegetarian. The Drunken Mushroom "Chicken" Bowl is amazing. All of the vegan "meats" and "cheeses" they use at Green are awesome. They even sell some of them in their mini grocery store so you can take that vegan deliciousness home with you. And the desserts... oh, boy! If you haven't tried it already, go now!mock - chicken wings that were...wait for it...gluten free! I almost fainted with relief when they tasted excellent, with no trace of suck whatsoever. In fact, they could end up being almost dangerous for me, thank the Gods I live in Phx and not around the corner.as others said-super friendly helpful staff. I hate being the GF person, and to actually have choices, that someone else could explain and give suggestion to, was lovely.The fried tofu in my bowl was delish, rather large chunks, but very flavorful.wanted to try the tsoynami(sp?) but we got there early, no wait plenty of tables, but by the time I thought to order the line was a "U" round the restaurant...next time dessert, you and I shall palaver...We need more restaurants like Green!  Simple, well prepared food.  Plenty of variety...not mindless, "I can't make a decision variety"...more, "there is something here for everyone".  The  asian noodles are DELICIOUS.  Staff and patrons are friendly and helpful.  Comfortable, easy environment.  Everyone I know who has eaten here loves it, vegetarians and meat-eaters alike!I travel for work and eat out almost everyday of my life (since 2003) ... I'm not a vegetarian, but their food is actually pretty good. The fake meat tastes like meat! I love dessert so I'm a fan of their mixed shakes called "tsoynami". Sometimes I go just for this dessert.I have been here twice now and will be going back again.  Each time I have ordered the special of the day and haven't been disappointed.  The mock meat has more flavor than 'real' meat in each of the sandwiches I had.  In fact, if the cost was a little more reasonable, I think I would prefer their mock meat over the real thing most of the time!  Definitely would recommend it to anyone to try.Green is probably the best vegan restaurant in all of Arizona. The tsoynamis are AMAZING and their vegan "Ranch" dressing is the best I have ever had!! Most of the time when I go the lines are kind of long, but not too bad, Definitely worth the wait!!The vibe exuding from this place is pure awesomeness. Reminiscent of a trendy hipster coffee joint, this is actually a casual vegan restaurant. I am a pescatarian and unless I am eating seafood, I steer clear of meat, even the mock kind usually however once in a while it's delicious... so why try it here at Green I thought. The menu's style is comfort food, which as we all know traditionally is heavy on the meat, sauces, and fat content... so at least if you're going to be bad, you can do it with organic and pure ingredients.

Comfortable

PSS: I believe that adding bread and butter pickle slices, pickled jalapenos, and Sriracha sauce to the milder #7 and #8, would kick these sandwiches up two notches. There is Sriracha sauce on the counter at Le's, my advice would be to USE it!The owner was extremely friendly and talkative. He seemed happy that I showed interest in his various sandwich creations. He impressed me as being a nice person.I used to work a few hundred yards away from Le's, when I worked in Charlotte, but I only visited a few times - I greatly regret that oversight now. If one drives slowly, and cuts across the parking lot from Greensboro Street, all of the pot holes can effectively be avoided. CASH only!Le's is THE place for great bahn mi sandwiches, at a great price.Pretty. Darn. Delicious.  Even for someone like me that tries to stay away from bread, I had to try this place.  I'm glad I did.  First off, it's the cheapest meal in Charlotte as I know it.  I think my sandwich was $3.50.  That's crazy.  The chicken sub I got was spicy, fresh basil, carrots and utterly delicious. There is no seating in the place as I recall and it's cash only.  Also, be aware it's in the middle of a very run down Asian market so just be prepared for that but don't let it stop you from giving them a try.  No low carb options here either.Closed until 2/26 for Chinese New Year. Heard so many great things.  So excited.  Guess I will have to wait a little longer.Don't let the appearance fool you, this had good quality sandwiches. Get the grilled pork it's my favorite. really good prices too.Per usual, my stars are for food not ambiance. Food is the most important thing here. Where is your sense of adventure folks?I've been going to Le's for about 6 years now. It's located inside of Asian Corner Mall, formerly Tryon Mall if anyone can remember that far back. ACM happens to have the worst parking lot in all of Charlotte. You must dodge the large crater-like potholes as if they were land mines. These aren't normal potholes. They're the kind that your car could get swallowed by. Better yet, think of it more as off roading. Once you safely make it across the field of craters, beware, for when you step out of your vehicle there may be a few used syringes tossed about.  You don't want to step on those. Some of you may think I'm kidding. I'm not. It's bad. Push through. Those little flavor bombs of awesome are worth it. Tips: cash only, order #6, everything has a number, they also have bubble tea, bread is awesome. Again, order #6. The end.Far back corner of the mall/lot. Head for Dragon Court Chinese Restaurant.Absolutely the best banh mi I've had outside of Vietnam. The space isn't much to speak of, but it's clean and well-lit, and the mall literally looks like a horror movie set, but THE SANDWICHES!As others have said, the shopping center is a little rough (literally). The potholes are probably just a cheaper alternative to speed bumps. The food is definitely worth the adventure though. The bread is crusty and fresh and the meats and veg are flavorful and delicious. The staff (owner?) was also extremely friendly and polite. Would definitely venture back to Le's for some tasty treats.It's really good! I'm so glad this place exists in Charlotte. I get extra veggies and the grilled pork every time. Delish! Try it!It's inside the mall. And don't get freaked out that the mall is old and dirty. It's a great tasting banh mi sandwich and I know my Vietnamese sandwiches. The most critical aspect is the baguette and they got it right. Worth the trip!Delish! Definitely my go-to Banh Mi place when I visit Charlotte.  The #1 combination sandwich is my favorite! The taro bubble tea there is yummy too! Keep up the good work Le's sandwiches :)Wow...what an interesting experience. I knew the food had to be good if people are willing to traverse such treacherous terrain for a sandwich. I had to swerve around craters, I mean potholes, in the parking lot and then walk through what appeared to be an abandoned mall in a third world country to reach the restaurant.Once inside, I felt a sense of relief. The restaurant was clean and the staff were very friendly. I had the #6: a pork sandwich with pickled veggies and fresh cilantro for $3.75. OMG, what a great deal. The sandwich was simple, fresh and delicious for under four bucks. They must be making their money on sodas. My can of coke was $1. But I can't complain, the meal is the best value I've gotten for lunch in years. This place takes hole-in-the-wall to a whole new level and I love it! It's cash only and most people order take-out.  Add this place to your list. The food is fresh and fabulous.The shopping mall that this place is in is seriously scary.  I nearly forgot that I was in the United States and not some war ravished country.  You really can't beat the bang for the buck here.  The sandwiches are dirt cheap and high quality.  Do I think it's the best sandwich in town?  No, definitely not.  Is it high quality, tasty, and great bang for the buck?  Absolutely!  Le's is worth giving a try.If you find yourself tired of lunch and you are losing faith in food that comes in paper - eat here! Everything is good. Order the whole menu and bring it to your work friends. There's like 10 sammies and they are mad cheap and soooo good. You will be an office fave. I love coming to Le's - really its a small obsession. It's under control though. I swear.Confessions of a Crazy Southern Foodie or Lord, Have Mercy.....I'm Craving Bahn Mi.It's Sunday at 3:30 p.m.It's 58 degrees.There's a cold rain falling.It's the middle of football season, and the Charlotte Panthers are playing.I'm wearing my favorite black, 3X, Chum Lee t-shirt. Khaki shorts. My favorite sweat stained khaki, but oh so comfortable, Nautica baseball cap with the leaping sailfish. I have on my most roached out but comfortable, twenty year old, gray Hushpuppies, that I use to mow the yard and paint. I haven't shaved today......and I have an irresistible craving for Bahn Mi.Most people would ignore the craving and watch the football game.There is no other Bahn Mi in the immediate area that tops Le's, and it's over an hour away.My solution, two words: "Road Trip."I slowly make my way to Charlotte via highway 321 and I-85 North. I exit at Sugar Creek, and take note of the two hookers ambling up the sidewalk. One has bright red hair, and I'm not so sure that the other one is not a trannie. I just know that I have never been drunk enough to contemplate hooking up with either.Entering the Asian Mall via the Greensboro Avenue entrance gives my vehicle the best chance for survival, so that's the plan. Getting to Le's basically means off-roading in one's car.I get to Le's Sandwiches and there's a line back to the door. The people in front of me are first timers and they "have no idea" what they want to order. They look back at me and announce, "maybe this man knows what he wants." This man DOES know, and he knew when he left home more than an hour ago.Me: "Two # 6's and one #8."Mr. Le: "For here or to go?"Me: "To go."Mr. Le: "Do you want your sandwiches on a baguette?"{No hesitation}Me: "Yes!"Aside: If anyone ever asks you whether you want ANYTHING on a baguette, the answer should be a resounding "YES!"Three Bahn Mis were made and I got back over a dollar in change from a ten spot. The ride home seems short. I contemplate my future, my job, and what I am passionate about. I reach the conclusion that my current job is not something that I care to do any longer. Life's too short to do something that one doesn't enjoy. I unwrapped a #6 and poured myself a homebrewed Cerveza, my next to last. I poured this into my Munich Oktoberfest one litre mug in honor of Hickory's Oktoberfest which was happening this weekend. I find that beer pairs extremely well with Le's Bahn mis.I ate the #6, and it was so delicious that I proceeded to devour a #8 as well. Were the sandwiches as good as I remember them?"Why, yes - yes they were."Am I crazy for driving two hours round trip to get Bahn Mis at Le's Sandwiches?"Why, yes - yes I am." I freely admit that!On a positive note, I have one #6 Bahn Mi left over for tomorrow, and an almost full bottle of Sriracha. Le's Sandwiches.....there is no substitute.Like so many reviewers have already mentioned, I also like the pork #6. My next choice is the special combination (#7). The best Bhan Mi I've found so far. Also try their ice drink/dessert in the cups in the fridge, they are very good especially if you like coconut milk base drinks, but not many reviews mentioned about this. Unfortunately the pot holes that has been there for years never got fixed.After navigating the treacherous parking lot and the creepy "abandoned mall" feeling hallway you will see the giant line out the door right away.I've never eaten anywhere else in the Asian Market but I plan too as there looked to be several interesting options.I went with the #6 - basic pork sandwich. The sugarcane juice looked amazing as did the bubble tea offerings. They also sell candy by weight. Sandwich was on a delicious baguette and was lovely. A bit thin on the pork - I would consider adding pate next time. But for $4 it was well balanced and the line out the door does not lie!The restaurant gets a lot of hype on yelp and other news so I decide to check it out.It is in the sketchy part of town and there is no sign on the exterior of the mall so it was a little difficult to find. The service as great and the people were really nice.The food was good, not great but for the price it wasn't bad. I want to go back and check out the rest of the asian mall when the gf isn't with me. I enjoy sketchy places more than she does I guess.The experience starts in the parking lot which must feel like driving on the moon with all of its craters. Once you get parked and head inside this abandoned mall you get excited to check this place out. There are 3 ethnic grocery stores within shouting distance of this place that I wished we checked out before ordering lunch. There are 3-4 tables inside the place so planning to get it to go is a good idea and the food keeps well. The staff is helpful in guiding you through the small menu. Most of which is a variety of Asian cold cuts.  The 8" sub is $3.75 and the 12" is $4 so go big or go home. Leftovers are good. I got the 6 and the 8 both pork with the 8 being the BBQ variety. Both came with lots of veggies. Carrots, onions, cucumber, cilantro and jalapeño I think. The baguette is just perfect, crusty and skinny. The ratio of meat, veg and bread is spot on. It's spicy enough to make sure you have a bottle of water handy. Delicious. I'll be going back regularly.The banh mi sandwiches are delicious!  And at great prices!  (Cash Only)  However, the plaza is pretty barren so I recommend you get in, and get out.I love bahn mi's. I love authentic & traditional bahn mi's. With that being said, I was skeptical. But this place does not disappoint. It is a treasure, one to be enjoyed at much as possible.The service here is fast and friendly. There isn't much competition for bahn mi's in the queen city but they do stand out to other bahn mi's I have had across the glorious US. If you go, do yourself and get one for later. They are delicious and your belly will thank you! You can also buy beef jerky, pickled veggies, viet desserts/drinks and other random surprises depending on your visit.Cash only.

Lovely atmosphere

Pasta - Nothing special. Penne with tomato sauce. And meatballs or sausage on the side (prefer meatballs definitely)

Flan French toast

Come here for the lowest prices around on intro Arial Silks classes.

The location isn't the greatest, I love their subs but I wouldn't trek all the way downtown for them.Can I just say the obvious here?  It's Subway, on steroids.Everything is just about as similar as you can get. From how you order to how you pay. However, the most glaring difference here is the price. When I went to pay I about hit the floor. For their "medium" sub meal combo I could have had two foot longs at Subway.The thing that I did fall in love with here was the bread. I know the other place bakes theirs fresh as well, but it does not compare to this.  The crust kind of crumbles when you bite into it, and the innards are so soft and great at keeping what's inside, inside.  And do they ever load up what's on the inside, I'm not talking about the fillers. I'm talking about the actually meat.  I tasted more meat than veggie, which pleased me.The one thing that I didn't really like was not being able to see the toppings. It's great that they interact with you, but it's also hard to hear over everyone else that is in the restaurant.  Plus I like to see that what is put on the sub is as fresh as the bread.In summation, even though the price shocked me, the taste out shocked me. Is that a phrase?  Oh well if it isn't, I'm using it.This was a first time visit and well worth the walk.  I went with the medium Godfather combo.  Huge size, awesome bread and meat/veggie's made this a keeper.  You always have to compare a hoagie to others and this dominates.  I will be heading back down the road.  I was scoping out the other subs at the table and I need to keep trying them out.Stopped for a quick bite while walking around Market Square, and was not disappointed!I got the chicken cheesesteak, small size, which was actually not that small at all. They packed my sammich with legit chicken breast strips (not the usual shredded kind), which was awesome. The bread! It was soft and so chewy!There is a decent size dining room if you want to eat in. They also have options for other hot and cold sammiches. A good option for a quick, cheap and delicious bite.Way better than Subway.Great sub place!  They are more expensive then subway, jimmy johns, and quiznos but you get a lot more bang for the buck.  I got their godfather per recommendations and it was very good.Amazing bread! Probably as good as it gets for a sub. I had the chicken Philly and the large was way too big, but delicious. Would love to try this place again because so many subs looked tempting.Stopped by on a whim for a sub with my daughter.  I ordered the cheesesteak  and meatball sub. Both subs were hot which is an A plus in my book. The bread was soft and fresh.The meatballs tasted great. I'm always worried about ordering meatball subs and having the meatballs taste like they were out of the freezer.  It did not disappoint. I enjoyed my cheesesteak and would order it again. I didn't give this place five stars because like other yelpers mentioned it is a little confusing when you walk in, and the pasta salad is smothered in Italian dressing.I would also like to see kid options. A simple grilled cheese will do. These subs are way better than Subway!A company came to my school and catered these for lunch and it was honestly one of the best subs I've had in my life! I feel like you're probably thinking it's just some bread and meat and fillings, so how good can it get? But the ingredients tasted so fresh. The bread had a unique grain-y texture that wasn't too firm and relatively healthy. I got a turkey sandwich and finished it so fast! Definitely want to stop by and check out the brick-and-mortar location, but I can attest to their simple yet great tastes and ingredients!Great subs... Love the godfather sub always get it... Love the variety of oils that they use... There's mostly a line but it seems to go by very quickly... Better than all the other sub places in my eyes...This is by far my favorite sub place in Pittsburgh. Their bread is amazing. My go to is always the old fashioned grilled on plain bread. It comes with turkey, ham, and salami. If you haven't tried dibellas yet you need to get there ASAP!DiBella's is a great place to stop if you need a quick lunch downtown. While it does get pretty packed for the lunch rush, the line is usually better than it looks and it moves quickly. I've had hot and cold sandwiches here and have always enjoyed them. I usually get a small or medium, occasionally going for a large if I will need lunch leftovers for the next day. It's a little overwhelming with ordering if you've never been there before, so make sure you peruse the menu and know what you want before you step up to the counter!I would reccomend this salon.  Erica did a great job. She was very professional. I think she really knows what she is doing. The salon was very clean. There is no receptionist so you usually have to leave a message but that is ok with me. Prices are a bit high, but she does a good job.I went in using a groupon and was scared of what was going to happen. I was very impressed by the Strip Waxing Studio website but was still kind of skeptical and unsure, but the wax went great. Erica is very proffesional, knowledgable, and informative. She makes you feel very comfortable and she prepares you for the worst. I was so happy i booked my next appointment. I would've given 5 stars but I was a little uncomfortable with the way her studio is set up amongst other free-lance hairdressers, nail artist, and others working in the beauty industry. Regardless, I'll still go back.Hi, my name is Tonia and I fully endorse a good artisan ice cream place in uptown so I don't have to force myself to trek to North Scottsdale.Not being able to wait any longer, I decided to venture over on the 2nd night. It was better than I expected, though I'm not quite sure why I would've expected less. The decor is EFFING ADORABLE. Period. Exposed brick, a white clean look and argyle? Yes please. In fact, I want that argyle wall in my house. I demand it be done.Everyone was super helpful when I paced and wandered.. wondering just what to get for my first experience. I decided to try two flavors, banana and butter pecan, thinking one would clearly top the other. The result? Both win. So. I got them both. That and a red velvet cookie. I mean, come on, who can resist that?The ice cream is just what this area has been missing all along. I was secretly hoping for an endless bowl the entire time, though my stomach was clearly telling me I needed to stop indulging. It had the right amount of sweet and salty combined and was just pure heaven. Especially when eaten on the gorgeous patio they share with Windsor. Why the 4 stars then? The cookie. Oh that cookie needs some work. The entire outer edge was hard and nearly stale. I think it was due to sitting out all day, but that still should've been remedied. My grandma can send me cookies from 4 states away that still manage to get there soft as they were out of the oven. Maybe that's why I demand more out of my cookies. Don't worry though, I'll be back... but you will need to try harder to woo me next time.P.S. I saw what appeared from context to be the owners/managers of the establishment roaming about the entire hour or so I was there. I really had wished they would've started conversations with the few patrons that were there...Ice Cream and Candy Delicious-ness galore!  After dining at Windsor, simply take a few steps on over to Churn for some homemade out of this world super creamy ice cream.  It's like a mini candy store filled with cookies and ice cream.  The staff happily offered a few tastings.  I thought I was going to get the Strawberry but then I tasted the blueberry ice-cream.  It was so good and different.  We got out cool treats and then enjoyed eating it on the patio and having a little chat and people watching.    What an adorable place with good ice cream to boot!  See you soon.Ice Cream Cookie. Three words that are near and dear to my heart. What makes this delectable treat from Churn so special? They are made to order, and you can create your own combination from their assortment of ice cream and cookie flavors (made fresh daily)! Overwhelmed by the possibilities, I fell back on the fondly familiar and went with vanilla bean ice cream embraced by a chocolate chip and a double chocolate chip cookie. Oh yes!  Served in a cute cup (hey, the good stuff can get messy), it was the perfect treat for a warm Saturday afternoon.  Big enough for sharing, too!I was so enamored by my dessert that I probably didn't pay close enough attention to all of the other wonderful things Churn has to offer. To me, that is a perfect excuse to go back... soon!It's dangerous that I live so close to this place! I can walk there. Which I should, since it's ice cream and I need to work some of it off.

:Old Montreal:When I walked into Le Cartet I thought I was in a country general store, if said store was in a trendy New York burrow. It's got a Dean and Deluca feel, without the big box shadow.  The front area is a take-out coffee bar meets mini market whose shelves are filled with fancy preserves, designer chocolates, specialty teas, and a plethora of other goods as well as a cooler of fresh salads, sandwiches and pastas.  The rest is the restaurant.My sister and I loved the interior, right down to the signage.  The communal tables and open-window kitchen gave the place a laidback vibe, while the decor was classy and modern.  I loved the little details - fresh fall flowers and little pumpkins.  The buckets of natural light make it feel like the perfect brunch spot.The tables are pretty close together, but there's enough room that you don't feel like you're being invaded.  The menu isn't extensive, but you should be able to find something you like.  Traditional items are notably missing, such as benedicts and omlettes, but it's okay to embrace change once in a while.Their specials (all about $15) come with coffee and juice.  Love that.I had the Brunch des Cantons - their version of the big breakfast - served in a cast iron pan.  Love that.It had ham, sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs, beans, and potatoes, as well as a side plate of bread and fruit.  Three meats. Love that.My sister had the Toasta Mixta, a portuguese grilled egg sandwich with ham, brie, onions and mustard.  Tasted like our mom's egg sandwich.  Love that.Brunch is only served Saturday and Sunday from 9:00 a to 3:30 pm.  That's a narrow window, especially for a big stomach.  But do as I do, suck it in.I won't lie the 2 of us considered other brunch options when we walked in at about 11am on a Sunday morning - there were dozens of people waiting to be seated! However, the server quickly took our name and we only waited about 15mins to be seated. Our wait gave us time to peruse the grocery store section - the shelves were filled with a plethora of goodies; olive oils, chocolates, gourmet pastas, preserves.... made me wish I was a better cook!We loved the restaurant with its open kitchen, high ceiling and bright airy feel. The little decor details, fall flowers and mini pumpkins, were a nice touch. We were seated at the communal tables - you have just enough space to eat comfortably and its great if you enjoy a little eavesdropping like I do!Menu isn't extensive but well thought out - there's bound to be a choice for you whether you're feeling "sucré, salé or santé"Their specials (all about $15) come with coffee and juice (or a mimosa for a little extra!)Rather than bread, they brought us a few pieces of apple cake to start - delicious and a nice detail. I had the Brunch des Cantons - their version of the big breakfast - served in a cast iron pan. It had ham, sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs, beans, and potatoes, as well as a side plate of bread and fruit.  It was good and filling without being too heavy.Service was good - attentive but not overly so. The woman seated next us complained that her mimosa didn't have enough of a kick and was immediately brought a second, complimentary one. Would definitely reccomend for brunch.Waiting in line at customs got you down? Has it already been an hour and a half? Getting hungry? Le Cartet is just around the corner. Lovely, well-designed spot. I can't speak to the sit-down part of this joint, but the prepared foods were just what I needed. I bolted right in and out at lunchtime on a Monday. Grabbed a sandwich, H2O + CO2 and three madeleines. $14. Delicious and took the edge off my wait. The Madeleines were particularly light and fresh. They also had freshly made Pasteis de Nata, which was a cool surprise. I love the Portuguese influence in Montreal. Coffee is OK. Really ought to be better, tho. Too automatic, not enough craft.Rating Scale:

* Spanish bread (fresh baked from a local Filipino bakery)

- Not busy at all! No lines for any of the rides. We went on a weekday, but not sure if that matters.Cons:

Great bed, couch, TV, mini-fridge.Plenty of parking (free)

Le week-end il faut arriver tôt, et c'est parfois un peu long avant d'être placé (dans le genre la table est dispo, mais la serveuse est trop occupée avec les autres clients pour la nettoyer, ce qui n'est pas une mauvaise chose).I love this place. Although I hate waiting to get seated at restaurants, this place deserves it. We stumbled upon Ma Douce Moitie a few weeks ago and have been back again about a week or so after. I love places where you can tell that the chef has put an effort to stand out or be creative, and this restaurant gets 5 stars for that. They have a varied menu including a tapas style one and everything I've had has been great.The scones are to die for, the farmer's skillet is great and not too heavy, the sweet and salty lemon and egg fried things (sounds weird but so good) are great, the candied bacon is good even for someone like me who can't stand bacon, and the list goes on. The only complaint from my friends about their food when we came was that the eggs benedict was disappointing. However, if you come to a restaurant like this, I urge you to try something new and possibly weird because that's where the fun starts!The second time we came, the owner came out to check on us and our food which I thought was very nice. Will be back for sure!Ps. If you're coming for weekend brunch, try to pop in around 11:30.. The line starts at 12!Nice, clean and friendly mani/pedi, but nothing special to account for the high price.Good airport Costa to stop at. This Costa Coffee is located at gate 10 inside the Edinburgh Airport. It is nice, fully-staffed, clean, and has a large lobby inside the coffee shop that is a great place to sit and wait for your flight to come in. I spent a couple of hours here, sitting and drinking coffee and using the airport's wifi. I had an enjoyable experience at this location and the staff was nice and friendly. Their carrot cake is also excellent, a great add-on to a nice cup of coffee. For domestic departures on British Airways, I would gladly stop back in at this Costa to hang out, drink good coffee, and enjoy some sweets. One other thing to note, this coffee shop does not have its own wifi, rather you use Edinburgh Airport's wifi for free.Great location within the airport, and easy access to the smoking area outside if you're a smoker. This Costa is on par with the rest and I must say, I like it much better than any Starbucks.This new Indian restaurant has brought someone, once again, new to the Edinburgh Indian dining scene: vegetarian Indian street food, at very affordable prices. Not to mention the lovely, relaxed restaurant itself, and the very lovely staff (with the beautiful saris and bindis!)I came here with a larger group of Yelpers for a delightful, delicious meal. First off, their chai mulled wine is delicous! £1.50 for a glass, it comes in a small glass, so it means if you order three it's totally just the same as one big glass, and the same price too. The menu is quite like a tapas offering. Lots of small dishes that can be ordered as starters, or a few together as a main. I took the special mango starter, and some chips; and the thali for main. £5 for the thali? At dinner time (not a lunchtime special)? Yes indeed!It is all vegetarian, but I do think that Indian food is the best cuisine for vegetarian food, and you wouldn't notice that there is no meat.All of it was delicious. Beautifully spiced, each dish tasting distinctly different. Handmade with love. This tastes like good, home-made Indian food like your mum would make, certainly not en masse bland creamy, red, 'standard spice' Indians that used to define a British Indian carry out. The lentil dish on the Thali had a lovely texture, and the nuttiness of the lentils wasn't drowned out by spice. They even did gluten free bread to go with the Thali for Claire and myself. That was a really nice, thoughtful touch!I will certainly be coming back here. You can get a delicious, large feed at a very affordable price; possibly one of the best deals in the Old Town, and one of the most delicious!We ate here for our first Thanksgiving in Edinburgh, and what a memorable meal it was. I've never come across a restaurant quite like Bindi before. The emphasis on vegetarian street food means the menu is quite different from most Indian restaurants in the UK. We started with the Bombay Chowpatty Taster, which was full of interesting things. The chaat was especially delicious. This was followed by a thali, which at £5 was probably the best quality-for-price main dish I've had in this city. The wine by the bottle was also delightfully well-priced and drinkable. Service was friendly, welcoming, and accommodating. If I have one little complaint, it is that my hair and clothes reeked of incense when I got home (and the next day). The smell of incense didn't bother me in the restaurant, but I prefer not to come home with lingering odors. But incense or not, I will very much look forward to my next meal at Bindi.This is probably going to read funny as i'm doing it chronologically rather than in any sensible order.So we're the first people to arrive at bindi on a friday night, no one hears us entering so we stand around chatting loudly for a few minutes before going looking for someone. It didn't take long and an incredibly friendly and apologetic woman sat us down.The menu isn't standard indian fare and neither of us had a clue what to order so we asked for advice. There are a pair of tastery things, an exotic one and a down to earth one. Naturally we opted for the exotic one.Believe me I was unprepared for what game next. The eldest of the ladies serving arrived with a selection of tasty looking things, one of which required a demo. This lady pour some liquid into a little deep fried bowl thing and said 'QUICK QUICK!" and popped the wee thing stright into my gub! Quite unexpectedly materal I tell you. amused my friend no end.the starter platter thing consister of 4 things, which i'll fail miserably to describe (see above deep fried bowl thingy.) So there was a crispy bowl with raw red onion and other things into which was pour a vinegar type liquid, Some bahjii esque things, something that was a cross between cous cous and bombay mix with pomegranate in it, and little lumps of sautéd african root vegetable. They were all delicious, although the last one was a bit chewy like it wasn't fresh. Everything else though was wonderfully light and zingy and i'd have happily eaten another round of them straight away.For our mains we both had thali which i felt for a little small for a main on its own. It's daft cheap though so i clearly didn't order enough food.I had a desert of a sweetened yoghurt, some thing that was like a rice pudding but made with vermicelli (according to the lovely lady who runs the place) and a semolina thing. Incredibly delicately spiced. I had an almond milk shake with it too which was mmmmmmmmmm devine.Overall wonderful free delicate tasty spicy food, very reasonable but small portions. I do have a pair of grievances however. firstly i ordered a diet coke and got a tiny glass for £1.50. It was clearly poured from a 2l bottle so I am rather irked by the stingyness of it. Secondly our water jug had a big chip in it, a concern at a lack of attention to detail.That said they're just starting up so i'm sure there's some teething to be done, and i'll definitely go back because plain and simple the food is good!I came here a couple of weeks ago for the first time, and treated my dad to an inexpensive lunch. Everything on the menu is 4.95 euros, which really isn't bad for most items on the menu. The cafe is close to the University of Edinburgh, making it a great spot for a quick student lunch.The interior is clean and spacious, there are plenty of places to sit, though it seems to be gaining popularity these days so booking is recommended. I opted for the thali, whilst my dad took the veggie burger. The thali was very spicy and tasty, though the portions were quite small. There were two small fried chapatas, two curry dishes (one was very interesting and memorable, fried chickpeas balls in a spicy gravy), a small portion of saffron rice. My dad's burger patty was also apparently very good and came with a selection of interesting spicy dips. The only thing that let it down was the quality of the bread, he said it felt like it had been defrosted and would have preferred a fresher tasting roll.Bindi herself was very friendly, and gave me a free shrikhand for pudding, a strained yogurt pudding spiced with cardamom and saffron. It was delicious. The table water came served with mint and cucumber inside, which was a nice touch.Overall, nice food but small portions, and the bread could be better. Will be back though!I was sad when Ann Purna closed its doors, but cheeried almost instantly by Bindi arising from the ashes like a vegetarian Phoenix (a tasty one, at that). It's taken a while for me to work up to visiting, but I finally had the opportunity last week. Now, as it's festival time, there is a festival menu that we ordered from, but by judging other reviews, this is a modified version of the main menu. We chose a selection of the larger bites:* samosas;* mogo fries (although these felt a little undercooked);* pani puri (little pastry  puffs stuffed with a spicy hit of masala and chick peas, you pour gravy into them and eat them before it soaks through - this is what I call fast food!)

My date had the Gardein rice bowl, (11.95)  the name is apt as it was mostly rice, with a generic soy based sauce, and mixed veggies. It was decent and nice it was on the menu but not gourmet, it needed some spice and less rice more vegies. I also did like the fact they had a local seasonal beer on tap (4 peaks pumpkin porter)It was also nice they could split an app 3 ways with no issue at all. So bring in a group and paying will not be the usual headache.I dont usually go to chain restaurants but my roomie was craving these veggie faux chicken wings (which i sampled and were pretty decent. I agreed to join her and must say was fairly impressed with the Lobster & Asparagus burger (natural meat, cooked perfectly medium rare). Even more so i was impressed by the attention paid to us by Emily the waitress. This nice young lady was on task! She made a great wine recommendation, subbed out the fries for steamed veggies, and what a great meal! Also picked at the fries my roomie ordered and wished i could have had a bit more restraint on them, cuz they were great, but not in my diet!another great meal and half yard at the yard house.  great tunes always playing, very attentive staff and a huge menu somewhere between eclectic and funky.  always a winner in my book, but alwasy cold, bring a sweater!While I have not tried the food here, I cannot comment on that. I have although tried many beers here. Excellent and numerous beer choices on tap to suit anyone. Atmosphere at this location at Fashion Square is great.Yes I am a fan of this particular Yard House at Desert Ridge. Let me tell you why....first of all the staff is friendly and ready to help. The decor is casual with lots of large screen tvs without being over the top sports bar. There is a center bar with tables surrounding it and large booths along the walls. Seating is plentiful with outdoor seating also. The menu is extensive and has something for everyone. Along those lines, the beer selection is amazing. Try the tasting the beer sampler. We narrowed our orders down to the appetizer size of Korean Beef Taco and a Hawaiian Poke Stack to start. The taco was a small flour tortilla topped with marinated grilled beef, Asian slaw and a spicy DELICIOUS sauce. The Hawaiian Poke Stack was visually beautiful. Sushi grade Ahi cubed and sprinkled lightly with black sesame seeds topped with a layer of Asian slaw then a crispy wonton, finally slices of avocado and ANOTHER pile of ahi with a few sprouts. All this surrounded by a soy/wasabi sauce. Yes, it was fantastic. For entrees, we selected the Lunch Pairing of Margherita pizza/spicy house salad and an Ahi Crunch salad. This place knows how to do salads....Mixed greens with shredded carrots, perfectly steamed broccoli, a few crunchy wonton chips, sprouts and a wonderful spicy salad dressing. We were really impressed with the quality of the sushi grade Ahi...We also decided to try the "Eclipse" beer which was a Blue Moon Pale Ale with a float of Guinness on top. Yup, we are fans. I'm going to try the Porcini crusted Halibut next time. Just GO!Truffle fries are delicious. And free

Service is quick, although the hostess/door situation always seems weird and unnecessarily slow.

y daughter eat at eggstasy at least once a week I have recommended it to many of my friends and they love it. I was on a couple weekends ago and received as always exceptional service and attention from lona. I always try to get in her station. My.friends love her too she remembers what you like, your name etc....thank you lona ..Headed on down to Eggstacy on Saturday morning to have breakfast with my daughter & grandson, it had been awhile since I last had been and I was ready to try them again.The menu still can be overwhelming, so many choices to choose from, before I got there I was thinking nope not doing an omelet, those things are huge, but after checking out the menu I went ahead and ordered me one haha.I ordered the Dali's Omelet, it had chorizo, jalapenos, onion and queso, this omelet was the best omelet I have had in a very long time, and it was flavorful, spicy and cooked perfectly!  So dang good! I also ordered a side of one raspberry white chocolate pancake that is what I originally was headed there to try. It was a fluffy pancake drizzled with white chocolate and topped with raspberries, but it had a brûlée sugar coating on top of the pancake, oh my this was pure sweet bliss!   Another great breakfast down at Eggstacy!Love the savory crepes!!! Nice place to get quality bfast and good portions too. They serve 4 to 5 crepes on a plate. Today i tried the ham and kaseri which was delicious.We wanted to hit up a new breakfast joint and we had heard of Eggstasy opening up so we made our way there at 8:30 in the morning.  It appears that we just beat the morning rush on a Sunday morning because 20 minutes after we arrived it got noticeably busy.  We waiting 5 minutes to sit outside in the patio area.  Love the patio layout and the colors.  They have a large patio that can accommodate large groups.  They also have a pretty extensive menu,  If you're in the mood for good breakfast this is the spot.I order the stuffed brioche french toast and the prosciutto eggs Benedict with a side of maple sausage. The french toast can feed 2 people easily.  4 big slices of bread stuffed brioche style.  The prosciutto eggs Benedict would've been better if the prosciutto wasn't so salty.  It was very over powering while eating.I would defeinitly come back here to try more of the menu.  It's hit or miss if you show up any time before 9am.I've been here several times now and today was an experience to warn others about! Eggstacy has a beautiful patio so don't be afraid to sit outside however be careful in asking where you want to sit! I got seated in the one table that had NO shade. With it being Mother's Day it was packed so we couldn't seat anywhere else. I had never eaten a meal so fast in my life. The service has been so so and with us being in the sun I eventually got up and walked over into the shade. I had to find my server in order to pay which was annoying. If you can put up with so so service and eat inside its worth it as the food is amazing!!My husband and I came to have breakfast here last Saturday. It was packed but they seated us right away...Yay!!First off, the place is very cool, loved the hip design. They have an extensive menu, very hard to decide! But none the less, we made up our minds. I ordered the prosciutto, red pepper & burrata omelette, it was DELISH! Loved how the flavors came together. Not only is the dish tasty, it is gigantic! Can easily share....it was a 3 egg omelet with hash browns and 2 pancakes! The service was good and the good delish! I'm only giving it 4 stars & not 5, because it was a bit too loud & crazy.Have been here several time and on my last visit it was as good and consistent as my first time.First, kudos for having fresh squeezed orange juice, not to many places take the time and this one does.So Fiancee had the crepes and I had the crab and cheddar omelette.  We did share as the crepes where huge!   The crepes had ham, mushrooms, spinach and cheese.  Very impressed, the crepe was perfectly done and beautifully presented.  There was the right amount of balance between the eggs, spinach, mushrooms and cheese.   Did I mention the portions size was huge??  Not kidding as we took a whole one home and I have a good sized appetite. The omelette contained crab, cheddar cheese and had ritz crackers on top.  Couldn't understand the ritz cracker thing until I started eating.  Fluffy eggs cooked perfect with a rich cheddar throughout with a good size helping of crab.  Now this is where the Ritz crackers come in- as rich as the components are, the crackers provided just the right balance and saltiness to the dish.  Who would have thought.At this point, anything you could have done to the hash browns or pancakes that came with the omelette wouldn't have mattered, but hash browns cooked perfectly and the pancakes I was again impressed.  Light, almost buttermilk but something different and by different I meant delicious.  Service prompt and polite.  Remember to come early or late on weekends as there sometimes is  a small waitOverall, a great breakfast with a great atmosphere.  Probably my favorite place in AZ so far.I love the food, but the service is shaky! I waited over 45 minutes the other day for takeout after being told it would be 15 minutes...last week, we picked up takeout and the order was wrong. The time before that, we never got our coffee or drinks, and the food came out before the drinks. We were charged for the drinks, and I said something to the waitress who didn't adjust the check, so I mentioned this to the owners, and they made everything right, which I appreciate, but the servers don't ever seem to care! I love the food so much that I can't lower the stars anymore than 4, but I refuse to go there anymore when it's remotely busy. It seems like 7 out of 10 times there's an issue.What consistency. It seems like ever since this restaurant opened I've gone every time I've been in town. They have a ton of options but the menu doesn't make it difficult to order. I'd recommend the steel cut oatmeal, absolutely delicious.Place was clean and good the food was pretty good. Orange juice was really good fresh squeezed. Cucumber flavored water. I got bacon eggs and hash browns with. Pancakes the pancakes weren't my favorite they tasted like from the box but okay. The orange juice was my fav. Waitress was nice . They took long to notice me at the bar cause I was alone. It took around 4 for them to even say hello. Which is why I gave a 4 hospitality is very important for this type of restaurant. . I would come back they have interesting items on their menu.Delicious food, enormous portions and great service!  However 83/84 temperature will keep anyone away..... Please fix!One of my fave breakfast/brunch spots in the Valley!

The staff was very friendly, the place was busy but the line to order moved very quickly and the food was also served quickly.And yes, this is my first review!The food was very good and the people working there were very friendly. The only negative was the overwhelming cigar smell.  There is a cigar shop about 3 units down. There must be a ventilation issue of some kind. I'm sure they will get it fixed eventuallyI went to med school in Philadelphia and far and away the ONLY good thing about that city was cheesesteaks. Most places , even the "authentic" ones are poor imitations. Geno's is authentic, delicious, stupendous. So if you want to totally blow your diet-at least it will be worth itCheese steaks are pretty good,  but omg the sweet and tangy wings I need them in my mouth!I have seen this place a few times and wanted to give it a try.  I am glad I did.  First I have had a "few" Cheesesteaks in my day while I lived in Philly for 8 years. I also ate at the places namesake, Genos in South Philly.  No not as good, sorry Gilbert Genos, but without the Philly bread you had no shot.  On the good side, the bread was decent and their Genos steak was made CORRECTLY with cheese whiz. If you have never had a real Philly then do yourself the favor and get it wit whiz, wit back there means onions and whiz well, I am sure you know what that is.  The manager there was very friendly and attentive and when he found out I had lived in Philly he was very interested in my opinions.  I did give him the suggestion for gravy fries a staple at diners all over that area. The place was clean, the food was delivered quickly and happily the place was busy for a Thursday lunch.I will defiantly be back....oh and other Philly fanatics, yes they have Tastykakes for sale.The Cheesesteaks are always delicious.  I just tried the Garlic Fires and they were great!   Leave your calories counter at home though...Great Cheesesteaks and a friendly atmophere with TV's to watch while eating..  A bit pricy but overall its a good place to eat!Taste good but a bit pricey and stingy on the meat.Love the provolone philly but sometimes I get adventurous and try different sandwiches, doesn't matter, never disappointed. Oooh and Tastycakes!! Nuff Said!We had a late lunch here, food was very good, but a little pricey.Place was VERY clean and employees were friendly and actively cleaning tables and floor - GOOD!Wings were smaller than the ones you normally get at places like buffalo Wild wings, but sauces were awesome! w had Garlic hot and Tangy Spicey.Also had :

We were lucky enough to get a 1 bedroom suite overlooking The Strip and it was gorgeous.

Super yummy - I get the vegetarian sandwich, no cucumber.  It has a nice zesty avocado spread.PS. Minus one star as the Phoenix-area locations don't serve any of their sandwiches with sprouts (contrary to the menu).No more sprouts for the veggie subs, no substitutions or extra veggies in place of sprouts.  :o(Still yummy and fast.LOVE the and sandwiches here. They're also fresh tasting. Never greasy. Only thing that irritates me, I used to work on Ash and Rio Salado and they would deliver, I now work a half mile further (1.7 miles from the closet location) and for whatever reason they don't deliver here... Seriously? You guys would make dough if you delivered to this office plaza!? Guess I'll have to eat crappy cafeteria food again...I moved back to Phoenix less than a year ago, and in the 5 years I was gone Jimmy John's seemed to sprout up everywhere. I never tried it when I came back to visit, and when I moved back it took me awhile to finally stop in one. Well, I've now been to this location a few times and I like it. Honestly, when I first stopped in I wasn't all that impressed. Not by the taste of the subs themselves, but I didn't realize the menu here is pretty limited. There really isn't all that much to choose from. The toppings are pretty limited, and they ONLY have provolone cheese & white bread. That being said if you're gonna have limited options do it well, and Jimmy John's does. I would normally never order a sandwich on a white bread roll, but the ones here always taste soft & fresh. The sandwiches are also cheap, and the service is fast (like, REALLY fast). I'm not kidding when I say your order is ready almost immediately after you finish giving it.This Walgreens store is the only one I've ever seen with such obvious anti-theft measures when you're entering and exiting the store.  It's strange but isn't really a big deal... unless you're trying to steal something, I guess.The main redeeming quality of this Walgreens store is its big parking lot.  In Pittsburgh, where parking space is often at a premium, it's very nice to know that you won't have to circle a store for 5-10 minutes (or park a quarter mile away or have to feed a meter, etc.) when you're only going to pick up a couple items.If you're going to use the Walgreens pharmacy, keep in mind they don't accept UPMC Health Plan insurance - there's a Target up in Penn Circle that does, though.This Walgreens location is at a busy corner, making it ever so convenient to get to. A very large and clean store. Tons of candy and soda. Although they don't have RC Cola, one of my favorite sodas, it is still a decent store.It's 8 AM and I am on my way to school, there is good old faithful Mickey D's or Dunkin Donuts, which one has better coffee??No doubt about it. Dunkin Donuts has some of the best coffee around. I love that they've even started selling it in grocery stores. I keep getting sidetracked.So this Dunkin Donuts opened not too long ago, but still they are continuously busy and I've never had a bad experience with them. Their donuts have always been fresh and the service is very prompt. I will continue to get my early morning coffee here because it is conveniently located between my home and the ASU West Campus.the iced coffer here gets me wired for sound!!Iced pumpkin coffee and pumpkin donuts...and now kCups!doesn't get any better than this!This is one of the more consistent Dunkin' Donuts in my part of town. My drinks are almost always made delicious and they are very friendly and fast at the drive-through. The food is always hot and fresh! It's also a great place to meet a few friends and catch up.Great coffee. Please fix the wifi.I am there for the coffee, espresso. I have been there about 5 times now and will continue to visit a couple of times a week. Busy place in the mornings but does not take long to get your drink. Everyone has always been very nice to me and remembering what I want on the second visit was pretty good. There is also a plus. My drink two shots of espresso with one inch of heavy cream is $0.35 cents less than the other place. I will withhold the name as I am still upset with them for changing their loyal customer program to a reward program. (there is a difference)

I love fries so I got excited when I saw this on the menu. I had to have it. Their fries were just alright. It lacks flavor and seems hollow inside. 3/5What's nice is they offer brown rice. Their lunch AYCE is $21 and dinner is $26 so, it's not bad. The service is good. They gave our food to the next table and vice versa but it's no biggie.This place is rather new so I'm not surprised their sushi is fresh and they have a good rice to fish ratio. It would be interesting to come back here after a few months to see if they'd be consistent since most sushi places in Vegas start out good but as months go by, quality and service declines.We came here for Valentine's Day dinner, ready for some tasty AYCE after hearing good things about this new sushi place on Decatur near Twain.  Looking over the menu, I was so happy to see that they offered my favorite, the Lion Roll, which I've only found at one other sushi place in Henderson.  It turns out that the chefs at Jjanga (not that game Jenga) used to work at that Hendo joint, so now I don't have to go all that way to get my fix.  This place is new and was not that busy, which was just fine with us on this Hallmark holiday-no waiting for a table.  Very nice modern decor with wood accenting and quite roomy, this place doesn't feel like your traditional sushi restaurant.  Jung, our waiter du jour, was very friendly and attentive, making sure he answered any questions we had and kept the food and drinks coming.

-Carrot Top: shrimp tempura roll, with sauce and lots of fried shredded yams on top.. Presentation was nice and it tasted good too!

~2Best sides dishes of any of its competition and the chicken ain't half bad either.  They have changed their service to ceramic plates and metal siverware if you eat in.  The chicken has always been good and the sides great for a fast food environment.oOoh been here once for dinner and about three times for lunch...it's really a great place for a quick and easy meal and it's not too fatty like other fast foods..and it's pretty cheap. I love their 3 piece dark meat rotisserie chicken that comes with a delicious cornbread (I'm usually not fond of cornbread) and two choices of sides. I've had the creamed spinach, corn, veggie mix, squash mix, roasted herb red potatoes and sweet yam which is my least favorite....the sweet yam casserole is just too sweet for my taste...so not a big fan of that one..other than that the other sides are pretty good. The meatloaf meal is also really good...two really good size slice of meatloaf also with a choice of two sides and a cornbread...2 bucks more expensive than the chicken but sometimes you want something besides chicken. hehSo for a quick easy cheap semi-healthy meal that does not consist of a hand full of grease (burgers, pizza, tacos of that sort..) then Boston Market is really a fantastic choice =)Yummers!Great food and service! They will bring your food to your table if you dine in and the staff is very friendly especially the manager.  Be sure to try the half chicken meal and Mac and sweet potatoes.  Their buy one and get the second half off is an amazing deal.Every-time I come here, I get great service and the food is delicious.I'm a bit of a noob gardener. So I need all the help I can get. Fed up with the no-nothing drones at those big box home improvement stores, I sought out a local nursery for my gardening needs. That's how I came to Summer Winds.I've driven by it many times on my dreaded weekend shopping trips along the Bell Road gauntlet, and never thought much of it. Whizzing by, it looks like not much more than a roadside stand.But if you make your way inside, it unfolds like, dare I say, a blossom. It's comprised of room after room, patio after patio of plants, pots, supplies, and decor. I spent nearly an hour just wandering around. All I needed was something organic to battle the bugs munching on my lettuces. I brought in some sample leaves and soil. The woman told me I had cabbage loopers, and a mold problem. Apparently, I'm over-watering. She also directed me to the appropriate treatment solution.Beat that, orange-aproned dolts!Oh, and keep an eye out for the kittehs wandering throughout the property. I counted at least four.A beautiful spring day and my garden fever is in full swing. Like a junkie to a 7-11   I hit up Summer winds and get the mother lode.  They had beautiful veggies , flowers and herbs.  Wow what a selection. I  purchased    several varieties of thyme , more basil , and  oregano.   I also bought swiss chard which I never attempted before. They had a great selection of heirloom tomatoes and normal hardy versions like early girl and better boy. I went for purple Cherokee and Mr. Stripeys , can't wait to see what they look like.  I also purchased egg plants .  I can just see the garden bounty now ! The staff was super helpful too.Every where I went the staff was more than helpful and patient.

3. 24/7

people on their late 50s 60s mixing with 20 year olds ( like me ...ahem) !Really good for hen nights or a big group!Au Bar is quite a stylish bar near to Princes Street. It doesn't have that pretentious feel to it which most city centre bars do, making it a bit better than the rest. Prices are fairly average for drinks and there is a good selection. I went for lunch with my Dad as I heard the food was quite good and we were both quite happy with the result. It's typical pub food of sandwiches, some Mexican type foods, burgers and haggis but they do it quite well. I had a steak which I don't usually do in pubs as they generally make a mess of it, but it was surprisingly nice and tender. Cooked the way I like it which is a bonus.Good for a pub lunch as the staff are super friendly also. However it gets very busy with people having after works drinks so maybe avoid at that time of day.A nice enough pub on the fringes of the city centre, Au Bar isn't really anything mindblowing, but is a decent enough place to sit and have a pint or a bar lunch. It doesn't look great from the outside, but is a good bit better once you're in.It always sticks in my mind though, as a friend and I once hatched a far-fetched plot to take it over and turn it into a gastropub. Neither us can cook, and we weren't entirely sure where the customers were going to come from, but it was a nice idea.I came to Au Bar with my friends after the rugby at Murrayfield in our first year.  Being early on a Saturday evening it was pretty busy, but the staff coped well with the queues and the place had a really friendly and bustling atmosphere.  The decor is comfortable and stylish with plenty of cushioned seating and contemporary art on the walls. The drinks are fairly well priced with most pints costing less than £3.  Further, they have a great range of real ales and beers as well as high quality malt whiskeys. It attracts a fairly lively crowd of mixed ages which is always a good sign.  I didn't try the food, but apparantly their burger and pint looked pretty tempting!I was enticed into Au Bar by its stylish art nouveau font on the outside. I'm aware it's a rip off from a beautiful period in art and architecture, but since everywhere is commercialised these days, I figured you could do a lot worse than to take inspiration from that kind of ornate beauty!I thought Au Bar was grand inside, without being high brow. I guess that kind of makes it harder to slot it into a category. It's not one of the trendy, glossy bars of Edinburgh, nor is it an old man boozer. But it's nice to find somehwere that settles into a happy medium.It's calm inside, even when it's busier. It seems clientele have a common shared interest for wanting to enjoy a quiet drink without too much noise. Their bar menu is nice, with some fancy offerings on the table, but it seems surplus to what the bar is actually about. They sell a good stock of booze, including cheap pints as some of the other reviewers have said. It's hard to come by a pint that's cheap and also tasty these days, but Au Bar manages to come up with the goods.I'm not sure what market Au Bar is gearing itself towards, but that's not a bad thing at all. It's a very serene place to go that will appeal to people looking for a quiet and intimate night out. It's nice enough to deter a rowdy bunch, and calm enough to steer away from cocktail bar wankery (sorry, it has to be said). So Au Bar, with its soothing atmosphere and darker interior, is my kind of place these days.This is a very pleasant bar to spend an evening in when it's very cold outside. Staff are friendly and helpful, there's a good range of beverages on offer, and the food is good. I had tomato and vegetable soup, which was full of flavour, followed by chicken burrito - the sort of thing I normally avoid in non-specialist venues. I am glad I didn't on this occasion. True, an actual Tex-Mex place would probably have done better, but not by much. The meat was succulent and there was genuine fire from chillies in there. The meal was delicious and filling; the only real negative point was that, being Sunday, the kitchen closed at 8pm - there was nothing in the way of signs or notes on the menu to warn of this. There was no problem, though, with getting coffee to round off the meal; and the coffee was strong, good quality, better than some cafés and coffee chains offer. I stumbled on this place and went in after checking it out on Yelp, and I am glad I did. (Visited 18/12/2011)Just round the corner of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street is the Southsider pub. The Southsider from the outside seems like any other typical Edinburgh pub, but when you get inside the pub it goes beyond the average expectations. The staff are welcoming and the traditional surroundings add to its warm welcome. The bar's main area is split into two with a couple of seating areas, with the bonus of having a pool room at the back of the pub. If you fancy a drink at the Southsider then you are spoilt for choice with whiskeys and ales, on top of what you would expect from any other bar. And if you are a slightly peckish then you will not be disappointed with the menu, with it offering pie and beans to salads!For entertainment, the pub offers one of the hardest pub quizzes in Edinburgh on a Wednesday night. Even though you might need a PHD to win it, the pub is always buzzing on pub quiz night and there is always the bag of sweets for last place! Throughout the week football is shown and there is even a music night with local bands.The Southsider has its legendary regulars and isn't over run with students so it has a good mixed atmosphere. So if you want a cheeky wee pint or a dram in a pub full of character then this is the pub for you!I ate here this past summer and had a great a dish. The smoked haddock and pea risotto for 8.50 quid blew me away. Rich and creamy dish without an overwhelming fishy taste, it was well-worth the price.No ciders to peak my interest and we don't drink ales or beers so cannot comment on that.A very local place, with crowds watching footie and friendly people at the tables. We struck up a convo with people sitting besides us.Came in for dinner and a few pints. Really nice atmosphere and lots of locals; definitely off the tourist path enough to have a neighborhood feel. Asked for a good recommendation and was served bacon cheeseburger with haggis and it was very good. Bar staff were incredibly friendly and attentive even as it got busier. Definitely a good place to just chill for a bit, enjoy a pint and catch some sports.Nice pub in Newington, with an excellent pub quiz on Thursdays. Drinks prices at the Southsider are not bad. I tend to get Best for £2.80 or Guinness for £3, but there is also a regularly-changing selection of ales, so you won't be struggling to find something you like. The crowd is mixed, both students and older locals, but the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming, and it's usually easy enough to find a table. The quiz on Thursdays is excellent- challenging, but not impossible. I will definitely be frequenting that in the next few months.There is food as well, and the prices seem excellent. However, I have not yet tried it, so can't comment at this point. Will be back.My favorite local "old man" pub in Edinburgh. Cheaper drink prices than most, good music, quick service, plenty of tables and booths, and I even enjoyed their full breakfast. I brought the family here during Christmas time, and they all felt like they were in a "real" pub -- and my dad swears he had the best bangers and mash of his life. Much better than anything you'd find on the Royal Mile. Just know what to expect - older crowd, not a huge variety of cocktails, not the fanciest decor...but great beer and a fun time!Hadn't been here for some time and never before for an evening meal but the Dine Around Edinburgh menu (3 courses, £15) was tempting so 4 of us elected to go.

Coming back: yesThe food here is amazing! Sometimes the portions are off. I ordered a salmon wrap and one time it was $9.50 then the next time a girl charged me $11.50 for it then the next time with a different cashier it went to the listed price of $9.50 again all in one month... I must've been up charged for no reason..Live this place for watching the after dinner coffee dessert scene. I have seen first dates, mafia meetings, 90 yr old Ukraine sisters and prom hot messes. The dessert and coffee are always a delight. But, the one time I went for lunch decided on bagel and Lox with salad. It was great. Even the salad dressing like a light olive oil. And I never like salad dressing!Fantastic coffee, good food, humongous portions, average service. We love taking our dog and sitting outside on their lovely patio. A real treat on a Sunday morning. Limited menu that never seems to change but I can always find something I like. Have had one experience with their pastries but the one I had was not the freshest. My only issue is that smoking appears to be allowed on the patio. Not much worse than diving into your breakfast and having your experience tainted by smoke. Oh, I know it's not going to happen but I'd love it if they served beer/wine!Great location! Nice patio ! Coffee excellent! I love the salads ! Great service they bring your food & drinks to the table & they check back on you !1 star for the Yelp reviews on here and -1 star for the name cafe shoved in the name. This place is NOT a cafe where you can sit with your pc to surf the net. It IS a cafe for eating and socializing with people, not one to do work. It's more of a restaurant at most. Just leaving this review out there to warn people that may want to hop on by here thinking that. To save you the trouble it's a normal looking cafe inside, with the seating that looks like restaurant and the outside seating that looks like a restaurant at the strip. With restaurant food.Love this place! Great food and service, but had to take one star away because of the price.Enjoyed a nice mocha-style cafe today with my sweetie. Well-prepared and a perfect blend of cinnamon and Nutella to round out the espresso. Also ordered the chocolate eclair which was basic and enjoyable. Too big for us to finish, even! Atmosphere up the wazoo at this place - we thoroughly enjoy coming here for cassé le cruet. Definitely worth a visit for the views at Tivoli Village from the water/fan misted patio.First time here. Food was good, lots for your money if you are a big eater. Service was so, so. Table was dirty and we had to ask to have it cleaned when our juice was served. Condiment containes, yes all of them,  dirty.Nice area and ambiance.i go there often and i wont stop!!i love the cafe latte the paninis and the lasagna are good!!try itThis place has AMAZING RED PASTA it's my favvvv I would eat it everyday if I could without gaining weight. And  pretty much a lot of there plates are delicious!  and there really good with prices!A year later, this spot deserves an update- and an upgrade!

Escargot en Croute - Six plump escargots sautéed in shallots, garlic, burgundy wine, fine herbs with a puff pastry topping

Sauberkeit

Anyways it's a good place to grab a quick lunch. The place is clean and waitresses are friendly and nice. Would stop by again!Pretty good food. Right now during their grand opening, the prices are ridiculously low. The only down side would be their drinks. The thai tea didn't taste very good at all. We also tried the salt lemonaide and that was a big mistake too. Fortunately the drinks are free right now.Pho comparable to San Jose, CA! Winner winner chicken dinner! I woke up EXTREMELY hungover Saturday morning and asked the boo to take me to pho. We (or I) yelped places that had veggie broth and settled for this new place.Ordered:

yep, sam you're nuts, you're crazy

g.  I need a trash can that has intelligence.

Super White - so yummy and buttery tasting

No, no, the Bosa Donuts

Outside, by far one of the best and classiest hotels. Well lit and you can't miss it with its regal gold lion and green lighting.

Their selection of girl t-shirts was small, which is why I took a star away.  But, other than that, they still have all the funky shiznit you'd expect!  I was on my lunch break, so in a hurry, didn't have much time to browse.  I'll be back this weekend to buy Xmas presents.  For mySELF! ;}I went here not knowing what to expect. I didn't know if I would be able to find anything. I was hoping hoping hoping I would find a little treasure. When I walked in i was warmly greeted. I ended up buying a few roadrunners because I collect them. Ok I bought like 5. The woman was very friendly and she even gave me suggestions for other stores. Unfortunately I did not see any Jesus hates it when you smoke ashtrays because I definitely would have bought one.Good rotating selection of mid-century furniture and furnishings... and other random stuff, depending on what day of the week you show up. Keywords vintage, fifties, sixties, rockabilly, mod, classy, retro, unique.what an awesome store:

* Lots of walking up and down the strip in between buffets was beneficial24 hours, 7 buffets, about 3 plates per buffet ends up being about 16,000 calories total, or 666 calories per hour, or about 356 calories per dollar. I call that cost effective.

Waffles with lots of toppings

Replay on same day: $4.00

-Chicken Supreme Chalupa

J'avais pris le sandwich... alors deux tranches de pains et entre les deux tranches une montagne de viande !! un peu difficile à manger ^^" Mais c'était excellent et puis il y a un peu de moutarde au miel ce qui rend le tout super bon. Si vous commandez l'assiette, il y a des tranches de pains pour que vous ne mangiez pas seulement la viande. On peut accompagner le tout de frites, coleslaw ou de cornichon (le gros cornichon américain/canadien, pas les petits qu'on sert en apéritif en France) Pour ma part j'en ai pas pris car les sandwich et les restes de mon cousin suffisaient largement.

Expect to wait.

If you have not had conveyor belt sushi, this is a great place to try!The food is very well priced for sushi and you can get full without going broke.

-10 ft wall. Up and over! Have solid upper body strength or find a buddy to give you a boost. Watch your landing - I cut my hand up pretty bad on a rock.

Can get a little pricey, but I nice place to  eat.One of the best Sunday afternoons I've had in a while....My first judgement was wrong about this place. Being tucked away in newer buildings behind a starbucks, with kind of a goofy name for a lunch market, I was pretty sure this place was going to be a big disappointment.  WRONG (yay)Though a confusing layout/way of doing things, the small but impressive market of cheeses, meats, pastas, beverages, teas, coffees, sauces and little do-dads is cute cozy and inviting.  The wine room is small but good and fairly well stocked with a good variety of wines, though a measly wine by the glass selection for a fairly impressive cellar.  Workers were a little awkward at times but really helpful in making selections.  We opted for a sandwich and a cheese platter for two, accompanied by a bottle of Reisling.  The sandwich was really good and fresh, the sun dried tomatoes were awesome - though as a sandwich in whole i've had better.  The make your own cheese platter was AWESOME-you get to choose as many cheeses as you'd like, getting the chance to look through them and read descriptions and touch, great for someone like me who loves a good cheese but knows nilch about names and pairings.  It was fresh, BIG, and simple-A in my book. The owners son was friendly and knowledgeable, helping us select the right bottle of wine to go with our cheeses, a not easy task being I like sweeter whites while he likes dry crisp ones.  Though not the best wine i've had, we got a very good bottle for 15 bucks that was enjoyable. As far as seating goes they have multiple areas inside and out, we very much enjoyed the front outdoor patio with sun covers, live music, grass, and the dog and children friendly atmosphere. Only downsides I'd have to say would be the confusing layout with lack of direction, and the sometimes "airy" staff behind the counters.  But all in all though we had a great time and will definitely be going again soon.The ol' D and D. A quiet and lovely sandwich shop/bar in an otherwise boring shopping ce of Central Phoenix.Each time I come here after work it is slow and the service is excellent. The bar is usually staffed by older employees while the sandwich counter has younger but still very nice employees crafting tasty eats.The jalapeno havarti cheese is absolutely wonderful on a sonoran chicken salad sandwich. I believe the best reviews of this restaurant probably have taken full advantage of the customizable menu options. It does boost the price of the average sandwich up though. I almost always get pine nuts and pepperoncinis in addition to the standard options and the sandwich ends up being 9 dollars or so. A bit pricey but completely worth it.As mentioned in numerous other reviews there are multiple seating options. An outdoor patio, tables next to the wines and bar area, tables at the east end of the lower floor and upstairs which are accessed via staircase at the east side of the sandwich/grocery area.There is a great selection of deli meats and cheeses at the west end of the sandwich counter. A very respectable selection of tea, coffee and other local goods. Including hot sauces, coffee cups and various small gifts.Great place to hang out on a Friday after work and listen to some live music while drinking a craft beer and enjoying their patio with a fire place.A note to those parking here. The spots for customers is between the office building and the parking structure just south of the building.Yep another 4 stars award goes to the ducky. Again, thank you yelp for introducing me to this place where everything is oh so calm and content all the time.The cheese plate will leave you speechless along with a great vino.Met up with an SPJ group for networking event. The outdoor ambience was relaxing and just set apart enough for our group. Mini deli sandwiches were prepared for us, and we all ordered drinks from the supremely affable bartender. There's probably 100 different types of beers/wines here...I didn't have time to browse all the gourmet groceries...it was an ideal marriage of tasty food and atmosphere this last day of April. I guess I'll go inside next time I'm here; it's about to get so hot! Edit: they tell me they have misters too, and not just the masculine variety. ;)Adding my four stars to the Duck & D. I go for a "Nooner" whenever I remember this place. Made to order sandwiches on fresh breads with a crunchy pickle slice and small candy; nice wine selection with helpful wine staff. The Duck has sold gourmet coffee and teas, along with espresso, before it became hip. Great selection of local and gourmet mustards, salsas , sauces, and spice mixes, along with some nice cookware at reasonable prices.The location is a bit hidden and the patios somewhat awkward. Parking is disappointing. But this is compared to the pre-freeway, Starbucks, etc. Duck & D that had a grassy lawn and large shade trees.A bit on the pricey side but still one of my favortie sandwich shops in Phoenix.  I am not giving 5 stars b/c I sometimes feel ripped off but I continue to go to Duck & Decanter.  2 words: PATIO PLATTERThe Patio Platter is like heaven in front of your face, you get to pick a meat and cheese assortment with crackers and bread.  I swear if I am the only person in there, it takes 30 minutes to get the platter and if there are 50 people in there, it takes 30 minutes to get the platter--- I suppose consistency is good.  It's worth the wait (and weight) -- it so delicious!The little shop inside is fun to pick up a few interesting gifts, it's overpriced but sometimes they have 20% off sales on everything in the shop that isn't edible.... The Duck will forever be a place I like to enjoy sitting outside with either an iced tea or a glass of wine with friends n  family and nosh on some yummy food.I was between a 3-4 stars.  I came here once before and wasn't impressed -- I thought it was a lot of money for nothing special.  But, today that changed.  I had the brie/prosciutto sandwich and I the fiesta salad. Both were great and I thought a great price for what you got.  The sandwich was very big. The salad was huge with a huge scoop of chili and a lot of avocado.  Very, very good.I could live on eating a sandwich everyday and never get bored.  Oh the sandwiches are so great here, there's so many choices for everyone.  I just don't like spending an arm and a leg for what I get.  Like I said the sandwiches are great, but I have to admit they are overpriced.  I have been to many, many, many deli's and can get something comprable for nearly half the price.

We sampled pretty much everything on the menu.  Everything was good.  No dishes really wowed me.  The decor and the drinks, however, wowed me.  I hear they have live music too, so I only recommend this place to relax over some cocktails.I've been here twice, both times were late Friday nights.  If you're looking for a good lounge vibe, this is the place.  I got in quickly and liked the music selection both times.  Their beer selection isn't that impressive, which is a bummer for me since I'm not usually into liquor, but a short beer list is pretty standard for a place like this.What's nice and unique about Mabel's is the comfortable furniture and exposed brick walls - gives the place a great atmosphere.  It reminded me of a pub I'd find back in Baltimore, and I liked that a lot.Love the location.  This is a bar / lounge that is a stone's throw from Kasimeriz really that isn't too stuffy or pretentious.  They have good drinks and the music is generally pretty good.  (I sometimes find it a little loud for my taste).  They know how to make a classic cocktail, (a friend ordered a sazerac and it came out just fine, along with the trendier rum based cocktails that seem to be all the rage right now.  I really like the interior, the ceiling, the chandeliers and furniture are all really comfortable and loungy.  This is a great spot for 4-6 people, too many more might be tough as it is a very popular spot.  Fridays and Saturdays will be packed.  Try a Tues thru Wednesday approach.  The waitresses are all very friendly and won't make you feel dorky if you are not a hipster or Scottsdale staple.Enter through the unassuming door, into a dark lounge whose walls are reminiscent of an antiquated European bar.  Maroon bricks, wall sconces with candles, decadent chrystal chandeliers, heavy red velvet curtains finished with gold tassels, dark brown studded leather armchairs, marble tabletops and bar, and a bookcase with classics such as "Moby Dick," make this bar and lounge seem like it should be popping up somewhere in Amsterdam, not Old Town.Otis redding, Marvin Gaye, and Ben E. King pipes from the speakers, it sets the mood for something sexy....perhaps some delectable nibbles while you ply your date with drinks.This is the kind of place that I believe Hemingway would frequent,  I think it should be called Hemingway's...In turn, I began our trip with the aptly named "Hemingway Daiquiri" (Bacardi silver, fresh grapefruit and lime juice with maraschino liquor and simple syrup) which sounded good for the feminine palate, but tasted like an 80 proof man pour.  The cocktail menu definitely features some very robust concoctions...I think I will stick with their wine menu.We ordered the deviled eggs with caviar.  Deviled eggs?  Something I have never seen on a restaurant menu - but something which has appeared at countless potlucks and BBQs over the decades.  Therefore, it was ordered purely for its audicity to appear here.  With caviar, no less.  And we were not disappointed by this flavor combination.  But the fun didn't stop there.  Immediately following came the Seared Scallops with Gremolata.  Divine!  Heavenly!  That gremolata was so superb that I wanted to rush out to a neighboring supermarket and buy bread just so I could soak it all up.  That, or I could have just licked the plate clean...  (Side note...there is no bread to be found at Mabel's, so come prepared next time)  And then came another blissful dish, the Bluefin Tuna Carpaccio, with blood orange and yuzu.  Generous helpings of finely sliced tuna, marinated and doused with the lemony tart stylings of the yuzu and the bittersweet kick of blood orange.  Absolutely beautiful.And last but not least came the glazed pork belly.  It was like a gourmet version of the pork rind, the perfect bar food, so sinful and so rich!At the time we were there, the night was young and it was early in the week.  Just a few regulars sat at the bar, but I have been here on weekends where the lounge is alive with patrons swilling cocktails, watching the game on the plasma screen, or having a private soiree in the secret room, which is accessed by way of the Batman-esque revolving door bookcase.  Inside you will find one window, which affords a view of the lounge, but appears as a mirror to the guests gathered in the bar.Sexy and mysterious place for a date, terrific stop for delectable noshes.We dropped in on a whim last night. We had not been here before but we were doing the Art Walk and saw the understated outside and it intrigued us. We were very pleasantly surprised since I usually detest "Old Town" and the people who tend to frequent it. (Yes, gentleman, I see your button-down shirt and knock-off prada shoes and your 7s. Yes, ladies, I am still waiting for you to finish getting dressed. Oh? You're done? I didn't realize it was legal to whore around in "clothes" like that.)Mabel's was very relaxed, even with the live DJ spinning for a charity event. We wanted to enjoy some late night snacks so we were seated at one of the very comfortable booths near the dance floor. The decor is very mystique: dark, without feeling creepy, old-fashioned, without feeling old, and eclectic, without feeling like grandma's basement. The goats really didn't bother me but then I remember the Owl Bar in San Francisco with great fondness (it was noted for being filled to the brim with owls).The food was surprisingly good for a bar! The Swedish meatballs reminded me very much of how my grandmother makes them and the gravy made a nice sauce to dip the fries in that came with their burger (which I totally didn't do!! that would be so horribly unhealthy!! so horribly, deliciously unhealthy). The burger was great and cooked exactly the way we ordered it. It was juicy and the deviled egg filling on the burger? So different and very delicious. The bun was excellent because it wasn't a bun: it was really more like a cross between a crumpet and an English muffin which let the burger stand out. We split the food and we weren't hungry when we left.The drinks were excellent. I had one of their champagne cocktails and my husband enjoyed the Manhattan. Service was great, friendly and knowledgable. The scene was overall very hip while being very relaxed. We will be back. P.S. The reason it's not 5 stars is because the ladies' restroom stalls didn't lock. A little awkward to try and hold the door closed while you...well, you know.....The atmosphere is moody and dark, which I'm a huge fan of.  There were comfy couches, and beautiful chandeliers hanging from the ceiling.  The appetizers were fantastic.  I had the tuna tartar, chicken wings, and the scallops.  Towards 11pm the bar started to get very crowded, but it is a small place, so it was much more comfortable when it was a little sparse.  I could come here again for a quick drink, but I wouldn't stay here the whole night.Had a great Happy Hour there this week.  Great food and drinks-highly recommend the Moscow Mule.I had no idea this place existed. I was minding my own business, while walking down main street in Scottsdale with a few of my associates, when one of them mentioned that he needed a restroom. Well, just then  some random passers by overheard and pointed us to go to Mabels. Ok, so from the outside you would not know that this place is something special. Beautiful bar, friendly staff and what turned out to be some good food. If only I did not live 90 minutes away, Mable's would be be a regular hangout. Try the Swedish Meatballs, at 4 dollars you will be happy!Probably the only place in Phoenix I frequented that really gave me the feeling I was in New York.  Kind of reminded me of the back room, save the tea cups of alcohol service.  The crowd there is usually upscale and older than the 21-30ish crowd that Old town attracts.  Like many places in Old town, there's only so much you can say about the good times you had there, but here's a buzz word:"furry party" (ok not really but we wore animal masks like fools)The oysters and happy hour menu are very good. The bar tenders are all really nice and definitely know their drinks.  - The type you can tell "make me something with XXX" (that can be annoying so if its busy be sure to toss them a nice tip).  If you are my friend Darnell Halloway you will probably ask for something pink colored. (he asked me to reference him in my reviews to improve his SEO)(the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is so that it stays relatively off the map)I love it here. Very dark and super sharp lounge.  It's definitely a late night place so I don't suggest going here for happy hour.  If you're in the mood for a snack make sure you get the chicken lollipops.  Yum!First somewhat swanky place I've been to in the Scottsdale area that did not feel like pretentious/jerk-central.  Also, the first place I've been that reminded me of back East a bit.  Really similar to The Gibson in DC on a bigger scale.  Bartenders and servers alike were friendly and efficient.  Low lighting, hard wood floors and gushy leather chairs takes you back to another era.  Chill music too.  So, food and drinks.  Drinks were flavorful and I really appreciate the time and thought they put into cocktails.  At the end of the day, a cocktail is a cocktail, however , these guys give alcoholic beverages the love they deserve with an enthusiasm and realness similar to that of Boozehound author and Washington Post columnist, Jason Wilson.  They also have a fun little happy hour on Sunday nights for people in the service industry with discounted drinks.  I was pleasantly surprised by the food.  Cocktail shrimp were large and flavorful.  Deviled eggs rich but not overly so.  Steak tips and meatballs were good.Our usual group of 6 went to Mabel's to take in the dark, sexy decor and we weren't disappointed. We went in at 7pm Friday night and we had the place to ourselves. We chose to sit in a big open booth where we had a full view of the lounge, there are lots of different places to sit at including sofas and chairs situated around small tables- very speakeasy like. A couple in our group ordered the deviled eggs with caviar, and they weren't extraordinary but fairly good nonetheless. Our server, Holly was nice and kept our glasses filled- the bartenders were friendly and quick with our friends' drinks. The imprinted tin panels on the ceiling were gorgeous and the penny covered floor in the ladies' room was pretty snazzy. There was a party going on in the back 'secret' room so we didn't get to see it this time. Overall, it was a fun time at Mabel's and we'll come back again a little later so that we can have the full experience when the place is full.Great spot, but it get's wayyyy too packed! Sort of a double edged sword, if it weren't always so packed it probably wouldn't be such a hotspot, but being so packed makes me decide to not go there about 60% of the time it crosses my mind.My advice, if you are gonna go, go early and lock down a good location...Awesome mangement staff!  I am not a fan of downtown Scottsdale, but the GM at mabels is doing a stellar job.  There were a few drunk idiots there, but far less then what I have seen in the past in that area.I loved the secret room.  We're considering it for an event we are having at the end of the month.I like to sneak into Mabel's and pretend I'm not in Arizona. The brick walls, overstuffed leather booths & chandeliers make Mabel's definitely one of my favorite spots, at least aesthetically. They also have great tapas-style food & the service has always been excellent. They are really helpful when you're trying to book a table the day of your event (as I did last weekend). Certainly one of my favorite spots in downtown Scottsdale.I like to share a bottle of champagne & pretend I'm in NYC or some hip European dive...once a small buzz hits I might be more prepared to venture out into the more typical "Old Town"... but staying at Mabel's all night with some good friends is just fine with me.Loves this place for its laid back vibe.The DJ is good because he plays just the right songs for the mood and spot. The makeover did wonders for this place.  The drinks are good and it's never very crowded, which if you are the owner is a bad thing, but for me it is perfect.Great for friends or a laid back date.I F'ing LOVE this place! From the decor to the menu to the staff to the music...simply perfection. I have drunkenly stumbled by this place numerous times but last night (Sunday) we went in. It was like the gates to heaven opened up and there waiting for me was Jebus, aka Clint the bartender. He and his co-bartender who's name I have forgotten, actually I'm not even positive Clint was even his name. Anyhow, those guys knew their shit and made the meanest old fashions I've ever had. They don't gay it up with putting cherries in it and they use high end whiskey. So after 2 of those bad boys, a guy sitting 2 stools down from me ordered a mint julep. Watching the process of this drink being prepared by "Clint" was a reason to come back all by its self. From muddling mint to hand crushing ice to the apple mint garnish...I instantly knew I had to have one. The second my nose took a whiff of the apple mint and my lips touched the bourbon deliciousness, I was hooked. I will be getting one of those every time I am there. I think the main reason why I instantly fell in love with this place, besides amazing drinks, is the atmosphere. Dim lighting, copper stamped ceiling, leather studded chairs & couches, and relaxing music playing. Its a very chill and nostalgic place to hang with friends and have a great conversation. It makes me feel like I'm in the 50's and I can imagine Frank Lloyd Wright is sitting in a dark corner smoking a cigar and contemplating the process of organic architecture. I feel at home at a place like Mabel's and I will be returning over and over again.IF I was to dock points from Mabel's it would have to be over the location and the lack of cigars. As much as I love Mabel's, I would love it more if it were in downtown Phoenix and they had a cigar menu. Nothing accompanies a perfect old fashion like a smooth cigar.A swanky, cozy place to land right in the heart of Old Town. Yes, Mabel's is the place to be seen.  It's an establishment striving to exude class and wealth. It's old fashioned done well. I don't have much to say about the cocktails since I don't drink anymore, but the bartenders were attentive nonetheless.  It's an ideal place to cozy up to your honey or eye that sexy someone across the room.drinks only so far, this bartender knows what he is doing. I will be back for the food....I can't even describe the sound a friend made when she bit into the pretzel with the sauce that came with it, definitely had a mouth gasm.We ordered deviled eggs, pretzels, chicken lollipops, classic wedge salad, butter lettuce salad and the mac and cheese.  Everything was fantastic, the mac and cheese however is AMAZING and a bargain on their happy hour menu, which is avaiable every day.  (don't go by their website for HH, there is a special short menu for HH, prices ranging from $4-$9)I love the ambiance of Mabel's, old school decor, reminds me of places in NYC, not Scottsdale.  The staff is all extremely friendly and helpful with menu questions.  Rent out their speakeasy room for a private party, you and your guests will not be disappointed.This is a cool little place just off of Scottsdale Rd. in Old Town. I love the old-timey feel you get when you walk in here. They have a kick-ass bathroom with pennies on the floor.A wonderful find in Old Town Scottsdale. I went in expecting a very formal bar but was quite surprised with the Classy look and informal appeal. I was told to dress well by friends but did find other patrons in their shorts, so I guess that is not a requirement.

Leuk detail, je krijgt een badeend cadeau. Zou ik hier weer terugkomen? JaArriving at this hotel I was frustrated that I had to pack my suitcase up a couple flights of stairs before we got to an elevator but that was almost my only concern.The room was great - love the duck!! and the view amazing.  Hotel staff attentive, friendly, professional, food lovely.  I would come back any time and in fact want to go out of my way to come to this hotel again.I had sent some laundry out for service and there must have been some miscommunication because it didn't arrive back before I was schedule to depart.  About ten days after arriving home my clothes arrived as they promised, all nice and clean.thanks for the great stay and great service!Overall a very nice hotel. The lobby was very nice and large with a decent bar, did not eat there although reviews for the food were good and the smell coming from the restaurant was amazing.

Wow! What can I say, the Mozaik was better than I anticipated and my results were great. From the facial to my massage, the quality was wonderful.

the only reason i'm giving it 4 stars not 5 is the low def tv's - come on, pay the extra $10/month and give me my HD!!  nice outdoor patio too.

Their happy hour is awesome, an array of appetizers/drinks/rolls for 50% of the regular menu price. I highly recommend Crazy roll, i normally get some spicy tuna roll with itThe servers are always helpful and nice, it's a great place to have sushi!Very good sushi at a decent price.  Our server was very lousy and we had to keep telling her things that she forgot.  The owner was there and picking up her slack and was super cool to us.  I would definitely go back I just hope we have a different server:)  Saki Bombs!!!I travel for work around the country and this is a great cheaper sushi place. They have a Ton of choices which typically means it is not good and specialized. However this place does well on all the rolls. The Jackpot is a great roll and ditto for the ninja.  Also service is greatGreat food and Great prices!!!  My family of 4 eats for about 20 bucks!!  We are regulars!!!After 7 years in Oinawa this is the best Sushi that I have had in two years in the states.  The best part...BESIDES the food...was the service.  I have tried just about every type of sushi they offer and even some that the chef experimented with!  Although it is not Sushi from Okinawa, it is a DAMN good runner up!Four of us went for lunch today. I work in Goodyear but had not been in there for lunch but have been wanting to try it. My friend was off work and nearby so she called me and asked us to meet her for lunch here. We had the Arizona Rolls, Bento Box D, Chicken Teriyaki Bowl, Beef Yakitori and Pork Cutlet.All were very good, everyone really liked what the got. The Bento Box is huge and could be split if you also got an appetizer or soup! The chicken teriyaki was really large as well, if you could double the chicken, you could split this as well. I think we will do that next time by ordering something small with it. Pork cutlet was also a very large portion with two hand sized flattened cutlets and several sides. It was on a platter, not a plate it was so big. Again, everyone liked it and for lunch, I liked the variety and price. In Goodyear can be hard to get a decent lunch that is not chain food. Food looked fresh and made to order, a nice touch in teh prefab world of food these days...We eat here about once a month and always order from the Happy Hour menu which has great prices on food and drinks. We can get a family of 4 fed on less than $40 (tip included) and everyone leaves full. Good Rolls and appetizers and definitely the best sushi we have found in the area.We love this place! We're there just about every Friday night...it's close to our home and the sushi is yummy....always fresh and they are accomodating of all my "special orders" (I'll admit I'm somewhat of a high maintenance order-er).  If you're out in the West Valley, give Tomo a chance. It's the best sushi we've found...enjoy!Nice little Japanese restaurant. Has a good selection of sushi, sashimi, noodle dishes and drinks (full bar!).  It is not top notch sushi, but fair quality and very tasty. Dinner for four with a drink ran me about $60.  Not too shabby.Really good sushi, super fast and attentive service. Awesome tuna rolls, very creative menu that includes pictures of every roll. Highly recommend to any sushi fan!We had great sushi here! Although the table presentation wasn't quite as elegant as some other shops, the selection was extensive and the sushi delicious. The place has a classy feel--love the bar--and it's a nice departure from some other restaurants in the West Valley. Try the O-Mojoto, the baby lobster and of course the Tomo Special.  We will definitely be back!My wife and I used to frequent Tomo fairly often but have not been in somewhere around 3-4 months. That being said we went out today to go to Tomo since we hadn't been in awhile and were craving good food, we left somewhat disappointed. The food at Tomo is always delicious and never fails to impress. The sushi is amazing, cooked dishes equally as good and the portions are great for the prices. They have the best fried pork gyoza in the valley, our favorite appetizer. The problem today was the wait staff, our waiter in particular. We arrived about 15 minutes before Happy Hour ended and had to sit at the sushi bar which we generally don't do. The hostess got our drink orders and shortly there after our waiter took our order. Our food showed up quickly as always and everything was going great. Our waiter stopped by after just about all of our dishes had arrived and asked if we needed anything, at the time we didn't. Unfortunately that was the last time he gave us any face time. While we were eating a few more tables sat down that our waiter also took on, a table of 3 and a table of 6, both of which were in eye shot of us at the bar. A few of the other wait staff snagged some empty dishes as they passed by too quickly to flag down. Once our waiter got working with the other two tables we never saw him till the very end of our visit. We finished our meal having gone without refills for about 15 minutes. In the end the hostess that sat us actually came by to ask how we were, cause our waiter certainly had forgotten about us. I asked for a to-go box for the little bit of left overs we had and the check so we could leave and get on with our evening.Keep in mind during our period of waiting we set our empty glasses at the edge of the bar, in full view of every service staff person that walked by in a hurry or even those standing at the computer area. It's sad when a hostess has to pickup the slack because a waiter forgot one of his tables. I guess he was focused more on getting tips from the larger parties he had on his plate...TL:DRFood here is always awesome, this last visit we had a bad experience with the wait staff.The food keeps me coming back.  Great sushi menu.  Always fresh and appealing.The exceptional food overrides the mediocre wait staff.  They are always friendly polite, and the food service is timely.   But, the wait staff definitely lacks the expected service skills, like clearing your table between courses, making sure you have everying you need, and checking on back from time to time to see if you need anything else.  Chances are they would sell more alcohol, appetizers and desserts if they put forth a little effort.  The first time I ate here I thought it was an isolated incident, but have since found it's the norm.  Quality service is one of the key things that makes me decide where to eat, but I have to say that the food at Tomo's is worth the service shortfalls.Best sushi in the area.  Fish is fresh and food/drinks are cheap.  Place is kind of small so come early to avoid the rush.My husband and I decided to go to Tomo for their happy hour ( every day from 3-6pm), before going to the movies. We asked to be seated at the bar, so they did promptly, they had a full house. We started with some Monkey Balls from the Happy Hour menu, which was a very good size portions of mushrooms stuffed with crab meat, cream cheese and fried tempura style, served with 2 different sauces, these were yummy, not soggy at all. Then we got a Sashimi combination that came with a spicy tuna roll, real good. One of their specialty is the Ninja roll, that has jalapeño pepper in the filling and it's served tempura style, as well.

Red Won Tons(kind of plain but not bad)

Good beer selection

Super close to home

They have a lovely range of aperitif martini cocktails at a reasonable price which you can sip in the comfy seats near the front.

At $25 it better be. My daughter had salmon with garlic Parmesan fries. Delicious and plated very well. We were very pleased and our server was awesome. The hostess had a bad attitude but I'm glad we stayed because it was a real treat.My wife and split the Pan Roast with the lobster mac and cheese. We were really happy we split a meal and the food was excellent. The sauce we choose was the New England and it had so much flavor, the waiter brought us bread just so we could finish the sauce, too. Speaking of the waiter; he was excellent! Some of the best service we have had on Vegas. The only thing we were a bit disappointed with was the drinks. We ordered their top shelf margarita (on the rocks) and we could definitely taste the upgraded tequila, we believe they still used sour mix. We were hoping it would be a true margarita. All in all though, they were still fairly good. We would definitely go back.Visited March 2013My husband & I decided to eat hear on a whim. We both really enjoyed it. I got the herb crusted tilapia & was very impressed. He got the blackened tilapia & it was very good as well. We ordered the coconut shrimp but they forgot to bring it. The waiter was very apologetic & offered a free desert to make up for it. We were full by the end of dinner so we passed on it.The food here is good. Good place to sit and have a nice seafood meal. The portion size is large for being a seafood place. I had fish and chips which was great and also tried their seafood platter which was good but lacked a bit on flavor.The mojitos were awesome. My boyfriend had a regular and I had a strawberry mojito. Normally I stick to margaritas but I was happy with my choice. Typical happy hour margaritas have shitty tequila, but these ones came with premium tequila. We also split a shrimp and fries basket and they were delicious!Ordered the coconut shrimp = was missing salt

And some sweet potato fries.

-Nice rooms, epecially for the price.  During the week, the rooms are as low as $50.  Rooms are clean, fully stocked, and comfortable-TV: Big enough flat screen, but not many channels.  This is the hotels trick to keep you out of your room and into the casino-Bingo:  Plenty of late nights killing time playing bingo.  Not bad, fun actually.  I'm one of those lazy bingo players that have the machines.  -Movies:  Movie Theater upstairs near the Bingo and Bowling.  A lot of locals here. When I stay at this hotel, I never watched a movie here.  Now that I live here, I watched movies a handful of times here. -Bowling:  Convenient that there's place to bowl in all hours of the day.  But regardless what time you come in, there always seems to be some league going.  Or, it's crazy busy.  Only bowled here twice.  I end up heading to the Orleans if I'm down for late night bowling. -Gaming:  I don't gamble much anymore so I can't judge.  But I do check out the Poker Room from time to time, even now.  Not a bad room to play at. It's rarely busy and you'll be playing with mostly locals. -Parking and Valet:  Better than anywhere on the strip. -Fitness Room, Spa, and Pool:  Love them all, especially the staff.  There is a cost to use their gym.  But sometimes I get in for free.  Doesn't hurt to ask. -Bar and Eats:  About average.  When it comes to drinking and eating, it sometimes comes down to who your company is.  I've always had a good time here with whoever I'm with. -Perfect if you are traveling with kids.  There's movies, bowling, pools, and an arcade. Cons:

Aside from that they're golden.Starbucks = 1 Star

Not the cleanest although they have fixed that more and more as of late.This is one of my sons favorite places to go (could be because he eats like a moose).Not a Vegas buffet but one of the best in Phoenix as far as buffets go.I am not a fan of buffets. Not because of bad food. Because there is to much there to eat and I eat more than I need.It was my Mother In Laws birthday. This is one of their favorite places to eat. We are all seniors and the food is very affordable and the food is good. Oh and you can stuff yourself so you are sure to get your moneys worth!!This time we had a lady that took care of our table. Her name was Linda.  WoW!! The best service I have had anywhere. She was great. Always there to remove plates and fill your glass and coffee after the meal. I do hope you have the pleasure of having her for your table waiter when you eat there.I started to watch her. She was moving faster than anyone else by at least two times. Never a waisted moment. She was giving every table she took care of the same attention she did us.Because of this service I went to talk with the manager as we left to let him know what a star he had in Linda. I also wrote a letter to their corporate to let them know. We often easily write about good service and bad service. When we get bad service? Some of us will tell the management. Some of us will just not return. I may do both or neither. I do tell the management and write letters when I get great service. Remember

Nice to have rooms distributed around with guest laundry and more importantly ice machines.

He was sweet enough to suggest we buy an air mattress and sleep on the lower, cooler floor. I love him so much!!

The food: It was awesome. If you order a spicy dish, they ask you on a scale of 1-10 how spicy you would like it. That's awesome.The service is great also, very on top of drinks.Huge portions too! =)This is my friend's favorite Thai place and with good reason. I've had their tom yum soup twice and it's really good.  Perfectly spiced and a good proportion of shrimp and mushrooms. I generally don't like pad thai but love theirs: not too sweet, noodles had a good consistency and they give you mounds of it. I like that they give you a scale of 1-10 for spiciness. It takes the guess work out of "mild," "Medium" and "spicy."I'm surprised the reviews here are so across the board.  I used to go here a lot when I lived in the area, and I thought it was really good.  I was in the area looking for a meal tonight, and thought I'd give Thai Spice a spin to see if it was still good.  Brought my date and another couple, and we all enjoyed our meal.  Service was amazingly quick... like, I don't know how they brought our food so fast.  Did they predict what we were gonna order and pre-cook it?  My pad thai was a perfect spiciness and had a great flavor.  It's definitely not the cheapest thai food in town, but the portion sizes make up for it.Saw the GRAND OPENING banner and signage while driving to a Yelp event, and decided to grab a quick dinner before heading home.  The restaurant has been opened for years, but due to a kitchen fire, they were closed for 7 months.  So no FTR for this spacious restaurant filled with traditional Thai art and carvings.  Even though the name suggests that it is a Thai restaurant, they also have a significant number of Chinese items on the menu.The menu is pretty straightforward.  except it is arranged a little differently from other Thai restaurants (i.e., no curry section). Aside from the usual Appetizers, Salads, Soups sections, the rest of the menu is broken down into sections by proteins (e.g., Poultry, Beef or Pork, Seafood,Vegetables, except you have choice of chicken, beef, pork, seafood or shrimps on just about all of the entree items.Since I like to order what the restaurant considers their signature dish on my first visit, I was recommended to try Mint Leaf Beef, which is beef marinated in Thai sauce and then cooked with chili and fresh mint leaves.  It was prepared and served quickly,and the flavor was very good.  The medium spicy level is probably less spicy compared to some other restaurant, so if you you prefer more heat you are going to have to specify Thai heat level and not the tamed American heat level.Ambiance:  3.5/5  Thai themed decor in a spaciously arranged dining room.Service: 4/5  Maybe it was good because they are not that busy, but I have no complaints about their service level.Food:  4/5  I enjoyed what I ordered, and look forward to trying more items in the future.Price:  5/5  Lunch specials are $7.25 which is good.            4/5  Dinner prices is average compared with other Thai restaurants.Location:  SW, near the Palms.Parking:  5/5  Plenty of parking spaces in this strip mall.Overall, 4 stars!Best Thai food in Vegas. I had been told archies was the old standard but Thai spice takes that title. Their lunch specials are awesome.  Highly recommend the pepper steak with a level 7 spice. Yes u can request your spice level!I have been to this restaurant several times - this is my first review of it.  I don't go much for food that hurts and this place does a great job of making flavorful food that is not too spicey.  We take our students to this restaurant each time we have a class and they always have great things to say about it.  Good Job!The Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp still has a lot of shrimps hehee, the padi thai this time around was good not great and the thai iced tea still taste damn good hehee.Love this place, great food and service with a smile.Love this place, good prices, good service and the food is awesome! Now let us dance......with swords!Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, good food.  Level 8 spice was not too spicy.Food was so good and prices are reasonable. Definitely coming back next time we are in VegasI stopped here for lunch the other day. The lunch specials were $7.25 so I ordered the Pepper Steak. The lady asked what level spice I wanted it so I tried level 8. The pepper steak had great flavor but I would go for level 10 next time since it could have been spicier for my taste. The meal started with a soup that I just thought was okay and a salad that I didn't try. The egg roll and rice that came with my pepper steak was real good.Service was good and the food came out quick. The price was right and portion of food good so I will stop by for lunch again.After a week of eating casino buffet food, this place was a welcomed change. The decor is nice and in sync with the Vegas neon theme. The food was very good and the service was great. Glad I found it.Good food with a great price in the lunch special... Very recomended.  I try the chicken curry and it comes with a soup, salad, rice and an egg roll... I pay the same as an fast food restaurant, but with a better taste.Great food. Always eat my lunch here. Really friendly service, always on point. Will recommend my friends here...Ive been coming to Thai Spice for 20 years, but tonight was the first time Ive eaten here in awhile...and yeah, it was as good as I remembered.   I think they have the best pad thai in town.  A nice size portion and the flavor is spot on...so good.  Service was prompt and courteous. ..overall...pleasant experience.  Ill be back sooner than later!We tried this place because it's close to our work and we were looking for a better Thai place. The Pad Thai was one of the best I've had and the Green Curry was great too. The spice level was 5 and it wasn't too spicy. I only give 4 starts because the service lacked. Slow to even come to our table, they didn't stop by to check in to often and it even took a long time to bring the check. I will go back for the food however until I find a better place around my work.My dinner at Thai Spice was very enjoyable, with no complaints whatsoever.We ordered the Stuffed Chicken Wings as an appetizer, which were delicious, and a large Coconut Soup. We asked for it spicy and it came mild, but since they provided plenty of sauces to add in it wasn't a problem.As entrees we chose the Shrimp Pad Thai and Chicken Panang Curry. The curry was served very spicy, as requested, and the pad thai was tasty as well.All ingredients were fresh, and the service was attentive.Thai Spice isn't anything super fancy, but the prices are great and the food authentic. If you're in the area definitely check it out!The inside of this place is very calming with smooth music playing . The waiter was nice and wrote down the order (I dislike when they don't write down orders) I got a Thai tea no milk and it was "ok" mu suggestion say little ice, my glass was so full of ice! Yuk! My friend had the stuffed chicken and he said it was really good. He described it as " it's nice and stuffed" also had the golden fried shrimp and they where amazing . It was crunchy but a soft crunchy , love that. Pad Thai was good as good and had a nice portion . Thanks and will return to your restaurant :)During my stay in Vegas, a local Vegas friend of mine took me to this place for lunch.  I ordered the stuffed chicken wings, Thai ice tea and a green curry with chicken (includes a bowl of rice).  The chicken wings is delicious and up to standard of other Thai places I have been to.  The green curry chicken was also very good.  The dish has lots of flavour without being too heavy and oily like other places I have been to.  I ordered extra spicy and only found it mildly spicy so you may want to clarify what level of spiciness you want if you want something spicier.Prices are very reasonable and overall I am quite happy with my visit here and would definitely come again.Ok yelp this is my first time coming to Thai spice. The restaurant is very nice in the inside it was kind of slow it was my boyfriend and one other gentleman. Our waitress was nice. For a appetizer me and my boyfriend ordered the stuff chicken wings it was really good some Thai restaurants dont offer the stuff chicken wings on there menu so that was a plus. For the main dish I ordered Tom Kha it was really good and the flavor was awesome it had a lot of chicken. My only complaints are that the food here is over priced and my soup didn't come with rice I had to ask usually  it comes with rice.This evening on Labor Day we drove over for dinner to Thai Spice. This is a very attractive restaurant and I give it a big red Yelp star for the space between tables. You know I like my space.

Great food - had a mixed table (meat-eaters and non) and everyone left very full and very happy. Pasta for the table to share, steaks and sea bass....yum!

New innovative drinks, everything we had was good.

Me: "Mmm, I don't know. Something quick would probably be best."

The spectacle of lights, blinking in your eyes, giving you the sensation that you should finalize.

Had the seared tuna salad, the mini sliders, meatballs (VERY tasty) and two different type of burgers! Their pretzel bread was warm to the touch. It was around 5pm so the restaurant wasn't packed, good service. Close to the elevators to our room. Nothing bad to say about this place!!3.5 stars. Service was good. They give you mini pretzel bread that was good with the butter. My burger was moist.The meatballs weren't bad. Corn soup was delish.Overall it was good, but nothing wow.Loved the food, service, and decor. We ordered their mac n cheese bites for our appetizer. I ordered a vegan salad and my sister ordered their vegan pasta. We loved the mac n cheese bites. They were so yummy and it went so well with their truffle cheese sauce. I also enjoyed my salad; it was perfect in terms of portion. It had celery in it which I hate, but surprisingly it went well with the salad. My sister really liked her pasta too. She also liked the fact that there were more veggies than pasta. The service was very good. Our servers greeted me by name each time and they were very prompt and friendly. My favorite was probably the decor though. It's so contemporary and modern. It was a beautiful restaurant and we had a beautiful time there.Came here to recover from partying at XS the night before. I liked the upscale feel of this place but it still felt casual enough where we didn't need collard shirts to eat breakfast....well....more like brunch.I shared a red eye breakfast and a "bacon and eggs" with my girl. The eggs were done right but the meat is where I was impressed. So succulent, juicy, perfect. The other things my friends ordered looked amazing as well...especially the pastrami sandwich. I'll have to come back and get it next time.The down side is that this place is expensive. The breakfast plates here are $20+. Oh well....when in Vegas.....I had breakfast there during my visit this week and the food was good and service was attentive. They serve a coffee that is really good. (not flavoured, but just great aroma and taste) I had the eggs benedict and it was exactly how it should be. Perfectly cooked eggs, roasted potatoes, and a roasted tomato on the side.We had a fantastic breakfast at Society Café on a Sunday.  The line was much shorter than it was at Terrace Pointe Café in Wynn, and the menu is more unique.  I had the ultimate steak and egg sliders.  These come 2 to an order, but they aren't small.  You may need a side of fruit or potatoes, I would recommend either.  But, the sliders don't disappoint.  Served on a bacon cheddar muffin, it's basically a steakhouse on a bun.  You get a slice of filet with eggs scrambled with herbs.  But, the component that brings it all together is the creamed spinach.  This adds so much to the dish and really gives it the steakhouse feel.  Highly recommended.The wife had the 2 egg breakfast, which isn't cheap, but then again, you are at Encore.  You get a good amount of ham with the breakfast, and I LOVED the potatoes.  They are home fries, sort of.  They were soft and had excellent flavor, seasoned very well.  Next time I eat here I'll definitely get a side for myself.Service was good, but not spectacular.  Overall, it was a great brunch, and we'll for sure eat here next time we're at Encore.Came here for lunch with my husband and we both really enjoyed it! Now one of my new favorite lunch spots in Vegas! First of all, I really liked the decor and style of the place. Very modern/trendy in a Hollywood glamour sort of way. The name, "Society Cafe" really fits the whole vibe. Great place for the ladies!We got blood orange mimosas which were yummy and shared the Mac and Cheese bites, Lobster Roll, and the Steak Salad. Everything was delicious! I loved the truffle dipping sauce that came with the Mac and Cheese bites, a must-try! I would definitely get that again. The lobster roll tasted clean, and I loved the soft roll and the avocado slices on top. The steak salad with the kale was yummy too, although I wished the steak was a little softer. We ordered it medium-rare but it seemed more like medium. I liked how the portions of all the dishes were just right and not too big. Service was pleasant and our food came out pretty quickly. Although it's slightly on the pricey end, I guess it's expected since it IS Vegas, and it's inside the Encore. Overall, one of the better places to eat on the Strip.Best omelette we've had in a long while.  The pancakes were amazingly fluffy too.  But the toast was terrible.  Almost as though it was from a week ago.The service is impeccable.  The atmosphere is excellent.  And, it's Encore prices.  About $15 for three pancakes, $17 for the omelette, etc...  So if you don't mind the price, we recommend it.  We stay at the Encore each time we come to Las Vegas so the convenience factors in greatly for us.The Wynn/Encore is stunning, and you can expect Society Cafe to be no less.

sometimes you shouldn't try new things

- $3.95 Cheese Naan - They added cheese to regular naan. It kinda tasted like a cheese pizza, but better.

Original hot dog? Tough outer skin, probly not....

I had their French Toast which was good.  It hit the spot ! (I can't kick this french toast habit!).

Risotto too saltyEtc

The Palms Place is a nice place to stay.Great deal on LivingSocial.  Two weekend nights or three weekdays for $320.  check out this link....

What you may not know is that Rex is a friend to man AND beast...as that donkey in Tijuana knows all too well.  I love you, Mr. Snuggles. I digress.  A few months ago as a...payment...yeah...lets call it payment...Rex received a beautiful Pit Bull/Rottweiler/Jack Russell terrier/Chihuahua...strange mix  but very cute. He looks so sweet when he is gnawing on your carotid artery.  King Kazoo Flintstone is a sweet dog...unless...oh...you don't want to know...but trust me when I tell you...if you hear "hello dum-dum" it means time has run out.

I also had truffle fries and a doble fima margarita. Which were both soo good.

Now....the pizza. Really?! Got it once. Canned sauce. Worst pizza we ever ate. Shame on Drews for trying to copy Vincent's pizza. Bad karma...not many cars in your lot at dinner anymore. I think you should modernize menu and forget that pizza.Have only eaten here for breakfast, but it has aways been really good.   The Farmer's omlet is the way to go.   Service can sometimes be a little slow but the staff is friendly so it's not anything bothersome.Stopped going here because of the bad health reports nut living I'm the edge I have it a try. I was very impressed and the food was amazing. I believe they must of gotten mew cooks.I find myself missing the Kung Pao Chicken, Mu Shu Pork, Lo Mein, and friendly service that this place offers. After living in Southern California for many years,and travelling to Hunan Province, I have tasted some of the best. This place is consistently good,and inexpensive.  Too bad it is so far from home now!  I don't get to visit Zhen Choo very often, and I miss it.Zhen Choo is simple but delicious. If you can, try them for lunch - they have $5 specials. No MSG, and fast, friendly service.We were looking for a go to Chinese Restaurant in the area and this is the one we decided on keeping. First off, the staff was very friendly and the food came quickly. We have been here multiple times and every time the food was good. It may not be the very best Chinese we've had, but it is consistently good. Hence, why we often return, stress on "often".One thing if you go, remember they only accept cash."Appearances can be deceiving."  I'm fairly sure that someone in the Burgh has said this about this Giant Eagle other than myself.I'll be honest, until last week I had no idea this location existed, and for good reason.  It is kind of in the middle of nowhere if you don't know the area.  I was a bit hesitant to even pull into the plaza.  The sign at the entrances is run down and rusted and the landscape is a bit scary.  I think you can say that I was stereotyping this place before I even got into it.When I did decide to pull up in here I was pleasantly surprised that you could tell that the store was nicely remodeled recently much like the Edgewood location.  New sign out front and the inside you can tell that they spruced up.  What was most surprising here was that the staff were so very nice.  As I stood waiting in line at the customer service desk every single customer that came in was greeted by one of the cashiers.  Not just with a hello, but with a 'hey so and so, how's your sister doing?' or 'I expected to see you here sooner.'  Even when I finally went and picked up the few items I needed the lady that checked me out had a most wonderful conversation with me as if we were old friends.  It was awkward, it gave me that feeling you get when you sit inside an old person's house for so long and you're afraid you might touch something you're not suppose to.My husband and I recently moved and decided to try Dr. Snyder's office for our bi-annual dental exams. We were both very impressed, particularly with the hygienist. She made very personal recommendations and brought up some helpful facts that no one had every told me before. I even followed-up and purchased a product that she had recommended. The best part? I'm not dreading my next exam in six months!!This is my dentist. I have been going to them for the last year so I have only gone a couple times. I have to say that I enjoy going there as much as you can like going to the dentist. I mean who likes going to the dentist? NO ONE. I like the dental hygienist which is really the front lines in the dentist profession and I like the ones that work here. The actual dentist is cool seems to be a good guy. Over all I like the experience.Great chicken and sides (the greens are a little too spicy for my taste, I get the yams and apples) friendly service! Wish they had more drinks in stock. But I love me some quick-it chicken!Stumbled upon Quik-It Chicken on the 4th of July...we were very happy it was open since many places were closed.The ribs...this beef was remarkable. These are literally the best ribs I have ever eaten.

I had the worst haircut of my life at This place! and I was so upset and pissed off that in a moment of rage I cursed the place!  Mario went out of business and so did all the business that followed him after that. I've seen restaurants in this locale come and go and even though I never tried any of the previous restaurants I think is time for me to finally return to the place of occurrence, besides what's the worst they could do? ruin my lunch? They can't ruin my hair anymore, not even Mario, most of it is gone! so after all this years, I walked into the place again...

PS if you are on an early or late flight, plan on taking a cab, the shuttle runs 7am to 9pm only,The '80's called and they want the Alexis Park Resort back!I waited until the last minute to make arrangements for a convention This was like the only place left in town.  It was conveniently located off of the strip.  It was clean and quiet with plenty of parking.  There were no bed bugs or roaches.  The carpet looked new and the room was tastefully decorated  The bed was OK but squeaky - good thing my husband didn't go on this trip with me!  The HVAC system is weird....  I had to call the first night to tell them that my room was freezing because the air conditioner was on and the instructions for using the system did not apply.  The second night I had to call because it was too hot in the room.  The maintenance guy came both nights to adjust the system for me and admitted that the instructions were wrong.  The bathroom desperately needs to be remodeled.  It has seen better days. I showered in it but I would NOT take a tub in there!  The lobby is in the same condition.  The place just needs a facelift.Positive review. Affordable stay, cool atmosphere, easy parking and a stones throw to the strip. Directly across from the Hard Rock Casino. Did I mention you can walk to Club Paradise. HOT strippers in less than half a mile!! As a local it's a nice getaway or great to recommend to a friend. Its worth the deal I got on Groupon.Right next to all the action with half the price. Rooms are decent with all you need. Upgraded rooms. Nice pools. Very nice area.This place was better than I expected. Me and my bf stayed for NYE and we were pretty happy with our stay. It was cheaper than most hotels especially for NYE, and the location was great. It's kind of off the strip but yet everything is still close by which I loved. And we got a free upgrade when we checked-in. The suite was amazing! It was huge for just two people. It had a living room, dining room, kitchen area w/ the bar, two bathrooms, separate area for jacuzzi...yes I said jacuzzi inside the room, shower, the bed was huge, and everything was clean. It wasn't completely modernized but it was perfect for what we paid. The only bad thing was the jacuzzi wasn't working properly, and the room wasn't getting hot enough. But everything else was great, including guest service. I'll definitely stay here again! :)When I was coming into town I read the reviews on this and got scared that our team manager set this place up for our basketball team that's in Vegas for a tournament. But people are being way too hard on this place it's clean it's comfortable we got the room for $70 a night there's two TVs no bugs three swimming pools great parking right outside your room. It always cracks me up when people pay $70 for room and bitch and moan and try to make it out to be the worst possible dive they've ever stayed at when 90% of the time it's probably nicer than their house. Well true it's probably not worth the four stars that I gave it it's definitely not the one or zero stars and everyone else gave it so I made up for their idiotic behavior.Large suites room with neutragena toiletries.  And a small kitchen with a fridge coffee maker and microwave. Seemed clean.There were 3 pools  one is 24 hrs, a 24 hr gym with shower and bottled water and the best is free shuttle  to/from airport.It's across from hard rock hotel. The bad was the ghetto people shouting at 4 am.I found all reception people nice.  It did have a line all the time but I never waited they always helped within 5 minsHad a good stay until we left on the airport shuttle. We got 1/2 mile way from hotel when a limo driver at a red light told our driver the back hatch was open and luggage may have fallen out on the street. Oh yes my Samsonite luggage is on Paradise Blvd in LV NV.  So Mark, my guy, and the driver walked the street for 20 minutes with no luck. Hope some lucky homeless person got my bag and my stuff. Tried to call and talk to manager 3 times with no answer. Finally got through to him on fourth call he said he was new and had never experienced this before and was not sure what to do.  He said he would call his manager in the  morning.  I said we should have some type of form to fill out for compensation.When we arrived at back at Alexis park the security team had a report for us to fill out but no one would say if we were going to beCompensated. So my luggage is lost on the street and it's oh well you lose. Story to be continued.,,,,,Monday 8.7.15 4:44pm PST. No phone call or email fromSherri Erickson General Manager Alexis Park Resort. Left 2 messages for her, called 4 times, was finally able to get her extension and email address.Definitely feeling disappointed and not very important.  Story to be continued.....Stayed here through a Hotwire deal. I got a pretty good deal; I just SO did not want to pay for a strip hotel; all of the hotel prices happened to be inflated the weekend I went. FYI , if you're going to Vegas for fun (drinking, clubbing, etc) I would say DONT stay at this hotel. It obviously lacks the convenience of being on the strip and being able to pop in and out of your room. Also, taxi fares add up significantly and people who stay here don't seem to be the ones going to the strip. When I would walk through the lobby with my heels and Vegas dress everyone would stare! I felt they were secretly debating on coming with! lol. So my personal suggestion is just don't do it. But if you're going with family, daytime sight-seeing, or really tight on a budget then sure.The hotel itself is NOT that far from the strip. Right across from the Hard Rock, where I HAVE stayed before. If you plan to walk to the strip (which I did once) it will probably be a mile walk. A taxi charges $10-$15 from this hotel to the strip or vice versa. Our room was pretty big, I thought it looked good, had a mini kitchen, living room and I loved the huge tub! Most hotel rooms don't even have that. The room was very clean except the rug had a musty smell.When you walk through the courtyard, it almost feels like it is an apartment community. They had 3 pools but at least one was not open (idk why, it is super hot right now. It IS pool season). But it looked good. I thought it was going to be some run down looking buildings but was pleasantly surprised. Who stays here? Hm. There were some shady looking people that I felt a liiiiiitle unsafe around. They would walk out of their rooms with no shirt on scratching their ass like they lived there. Weird!A LOT of people complained about the AC, even when I was at the front desk I'd hear someone come to ask to be put in another room because they NEED AC. Our room was also having problems with the AC turning off and on which didn't bother me. The room stayed at an okay temperature for me and I literally only used the room to get ready in and to sleep after coming in from the strip.Will I stay here again? Only If I have to come back to the area for work, or I'm coming with a big family and/or I'm on a tight budget. But it was not that bad. Just depends on what you're in the area for.Alexis saved us!We've always stayed here: SO convenient (location) and LOVE the separate rooms, kitchen and 2 tvs.When they were fully booked, we decided to make reservations at the 'new' SLS. BIG MISTAKE. HUGE. I'll yelp that separately.  Called Alexis and they were able to get us a room last minute. Yay! Front desk was very nice. Accommodations are so roomy. Never making the mistake of staying elsewhere again.I've stayed here before a few times over the years. It's not your typical Vegas place as there's no casino here. But the rooms are spacious. There's a mini kitchen and a seperate bedroom which is like a small apartment as opposed to a typical hotel room.There's pools and a gym here as well.

Not just your ordinary burger place, you have all sorts of

FukuFries - Salty, fast food fries.  I liked these, but could see where some people might not like the amount of salt.  Really though, if you're complaining about salt from a fast food meal, you might as well just keep enjoying your piece of lettuce and stop whining, its not for you.Karai (spicy burger) - Cooked perfectly medium, the burger was not too big, and packed a nice punch.  It wasn't as spicy as I hoped, but people out there might disagree with me.  The burger was topped with sliced cucumber, avocado, spicy mayo, and habanero kabayaki sauce.  The guys who run this dream on wheels are great, and with their personalities and the music playing from the truck, Fukuburger is a Fukin-great time.This place is the shit. The burgers are cooked just right -- none of that overly charred crap.  The menu isn't extensive (I think there's six burgers on the menu?) but the burgers are good and have some fun asian fusion flavoring. There's also the added allure of chasing this truck on its website to find out its location the day of.  Also, it recently got a shout out in the NY Times:http://travel.nytimes.com/2011/02/06/travel/06las-vegas.html?sq=lost+in+las+vegas&st=Search&scp=1&pagewanted=allWe tried out the truck a month or so ago, i.e., the middle of January. I imagine that as it starts to get warmer, it'll be nicer to hang outside, talk and eat.Side tip, get your own fries. Sharing is out of the question, just because you want to eat all of them.A must try if you're in Vegas, like burgers and like something different.Pretty solid performance, considering it was my first "food truck" experience!  I ordered the #3 Pig...and waited.

- nice view of the pools from my room.Hope to stay here longer next time if I'm in town!Very nice room, very clean, very quiet and smoke free!We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Four Seasons Las Vegas.  It was our first stay in a Four Seasons hotel, and our fourth trip to Las Vegas.  There are a lot of really nice Hotels in Vegas - so it's hard to compete.  What I was looking for was a smaller more personal experience.  Four Seasons Las Vegas definately exceeded my expectations.  The workers at the hotel were friendly, always introducing themselves and asking if there was anything they could do for us.  The pool experience was amazing, and worth every penny in and of itself.  There were always chairs available, and they catered to everything we could possibly want.  It was quiet and relaxing - and the food around the pool was AMAZING.  Honestly, the best food we ate the entire trip.  We didn't eat there until our last night, and we regret that.  It was so relaxing to sit in the shade and eat their amazing poolside food.  The manager even came by and bought me a drink one day for no reason.  Pros:  The shower head and water pressure were awesome - I took three showers a day (smoke from the casinos and the pool will do that to a person).  The room service was awesome, twice a day.  Easy access to Mandalay Bay Casino.  You can do straight from the elevator lobby to your pool - no walking through a huge casino in your bathing suit!  It's very quiet here, so you can start your day with some relaxation and end it with a little peace.  Saved us quite a bit of sanity in a city that never sleeps :) Cons:  I hate to say anything negative, but it was my experience - and I know it may be important to others.  The beds were not comfortable.  I know many reviewers mentioned the amazing beds - but that was not our experience.  My husband, who rarely complains about anything, said the pillows were strange and the bed left him with a stiff back.  I didn't sleep much during our three night stay because I was uncomfortable in the beds, and that was frustrating.  However - maybe we are just picky sleepers.  I didn't complain to them, because I don't think there is anything they can do to fix the beds.  Not to mention, I was worried they might TRY since they try so hard to make their guests happy.  I also did not like that the resort fee is almost $30 and you still have to pay for WiFi.  I ended up not using WiFi because I felt like it was silly to have to pay for it - and that was kind of a pain.  Especially in today's world.  Even with the bed issue, I would likely stay here again!  Casinos make SO much money from their hotel guests, and don't offer anything near what you get from Four Seasons - and they are not a casino.  I think that says a lot about their customer serivce.  I am not sure I could ever use another pool anyway.  I am completely spoiled now.I've been Vegas spoiled by the Four Seasons. Now where am I going to stay when I come back? The service is what you pay $400 / night for. The best service among all of the hotels on the strip - maybe after  Mandarin Oriental though. Everyone says Hi and smiles at you - everyone. From top to bottom, everything in the Four Seasons is the best of the best quality. The hotel beds, sheets, rooms, etc. The huge bathrooms with both bath tub and shower was my favorite! After a long night of clubbing, soaking our feet in the bath tub was magical. The private pool was the best. The staff lays out your towel for you, and sets you up with ice water. They ask if you want to be in the shade or sun, they have private day beds. It was really the best pool experience.Only bad thing was we had a huge mishap for two days over our dry cleaning service and had to deal with multiple departments and people before it was resolved. It was annoying and took away from my experience there.Great service, especially around the pool.  Easy check in with a smile. Rooms weren't as modern as I would have liked even after the reno...but Four Seasons isn't known to be a modern place so my fault for choosing.  A little further out of the way than i would have liked. I think we'd try the Cosmo next time.  Great gym, comfy rooms, quiet and not smokey. A weird green tint on the windows though which really made the room dark.   Nightly parking is not included so adds up on the bill.  Excellent housekeeping as well.  Very friendly staff everywhere. Get to the pool early because by 8:30am, all the sunny chairs were already saved/taken.  I'd stay here again.Overall We was very happy with our stay at the Four Seasons Las Vegas. The room was very well appointed and  the maid service was impeccable. Spend some time at the Four Seasons pool and it was a memorable moment when the pool boy offer to spritz us with Evian.

The chips & corn salsa are yummy too; however, sometimes the chips are soggy, so be careful of that,

During Dirth South event, they went ALL out with everything!

the staff was very friendly and helpful.Flavor-wise, this was the best bloody mary I've ever had. I just wish they would serve it in something other than a mason jar, as that makes it a little tough to drink. I ended up giving in and using a straw to get at the last of that liquid elixir dripped from the thighs of a goddess. Breakfast was good, nothing too special, but at $3.99, it's hard to beat.If you decide to go here, the cafe is next to the bar. Don't make the same mistake we made, and sit at a table in the bar; the service there was nonexistent. We'd still be sitting there if I hadn't gotten up and asked someone about breakfast.Very moderately priced for a casino diner, great breakfast!!! Burgers are greasy and beautifulMy wife and I have eaten here a few times and for the most part have been satisfied. The chicken fried steak and corned beef and hash are amongst my wife's favorites. Although the hash is clearly out of the can, they do it right.This place has a great breakfast special for only $5.99 ( eggs bacon hashbrowns toast) and it was a huge portion. I liked how the toast comes in a basket..very cute. Although it was busy on a Friday morning ( buffet is closed until 10:30) the service was great and food was good. Great job Cannery!  You stepped up your game. I was pleasantly surprised.We stopped in Victory's Cafe for lunch before seeing a movie at the Galaxy Theater (which is AWESOME, BTW), and we were both pleasantly surprised at how good the food and service was at this hotel-casino diner. (Not sure why it's listed on Yelp as a "bar and grill," but whatever...)My husband had his old standby: fish and chips. I wasn't too hungry, so I had a half-size Chinese chicken salad. First off, I love the fact that they offer half-size salads because I can never finish a full-size order and it's sometimes not feasible to bring the leftovers home (like today). This salad wasn't the best I've had, but it was pretty good. And my husband LOVED his fish and chips. Three big fillets, a HUGE pile of fries, some bland cole slaw (could have left that off), and a small ear of corn (?).At restaurants like this, I usually order a club sandwich but, as I said, I wasn't that hungry and I didn't want to bring back leftovers, so I opted for the salad. A customer at the next table DID order the club sandwich, and it sure looked tasty. In fact, all the food around us looked and smelled great. And our waitress served up a smile to each and every customer in the place. Although the location is a little far from our home, we've found a new favorite theater in the Galaxy, so we'll definitely be coming back to the Cannery. And we'll probably be stopping in at Victory's Cafe, only next time it will be AFTER the movie, so we can take home the leftovers!Good food and great prices! Honestly there is nothing on the menu I have tried and not liked so far.Sometimes service is a little slow though.This is the only good place to eat in the Cannery.Stay away from the diarrhea buffet lolGreat food service and pleasant staff. We ordered blueberry pancakes $6.99 and a custom jalapeño omelette meal. They are always surprisingly consistent with the pancakes - blueberries were plump and fresh never frozen and the 3stack pancake was HUGE. The staff were also kind enough to have substitute sugar free syrup upon request. The omelette was folded nicely filled with a generous amount of jalapeños - a hefty serving of hash browns and white toast. I'll definitely do spinach and Swiss cheese next time. Place was busy but our coffee cups kept filled.Stumbled across the lovely Victory's during my free play and stay package from the station casinos! There was no wait and we were seated right away which is always a plus!! After accumulating so many points my friend was able to score us a free room along with some food vouchers that gave us $25 off any restaurant located within the casino! Well we actually picked this place by default because it was so late and everything else closes at either 9-10 PM! Glad we did they had pretty good service for the most part AND some amazing fish and chips!! Ordered that along with the catfish platter and mozzarella sticks everything was super fresh and came out in a very good time! Didn't have any room for desert but I'm sure that would've been just as good as the rest of our meal!I ordered the hamburger with mozzarella cheese,  which was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious. The homemade potato chips was perfect. The service was good. Will come back again if at the Cannery.I was craving steak and eggs - the $10.99 special is pretty good! My steak was cooked to my liking, the eggs were a little too runny but tasted great on my toast though.  I'd come back for something quick.First time at the Cannery and I was pretty impressed! Customer service was on point. Came to Victory's to catch the football game. Matt was our bartender. He's awesome! His Blood Mary was delicious! We ordered the wings and the Road Rage Reuben. First time having a Reuben sandwich and it wasn't too shabby! Their wings were juicy and meaty. Definitely will come back again. Remember to play the Lobster Zone game!Very good chicken wings and chili cheese fries. Our server Scott was awesome!!! The rest were rude but I will still come back.Good breakfast, good prices and service. I ordered the NY Steak and Eggs  (10.99) and it was good

The seating area was clean and modem with two color TV's set on the ESPN stations. At one end of the seating area, there was one worker mopping the floor.

Near the strip too =)

Clam chowder

My kinda place =0)My family's first time to Crust (we stumbled on it - wife spotted it). Trundled the kids in, and lo and behold - Free WiFi signs about! YES! I said, running back to car for laptop. I fired up YouTube for the kids while wife and I had a chance to meet and greet one another again. "Hi dear, who are you?" and "You look terrific? Where have I met you before?"Service started a bit slow, but waters and drinks came around and then our family medium crust pie later - I loved it, wife said Yeah! and the kids were quiet, glued to video clips and my son ate a bunch of Crust pizza. The Rustica thin crust pizza  seemed to be the Crust calling card, so we;ll have to try those next time too. Well done! And we didn't even try any wine! But next time we're in the hood, we will.the rustica looks like a penis.thankfully, it tastes like pizza. super thin, crunchy crust pizza. the husband and i went for lunch to the one in scottsdale, the other day. we shared a spinach salad and each had some pizza. the salad was very good and plenty for two people to share. i had the appropriately called "meat" rustica and it was really good. this is the only the second place in phx i've had pizza that doesn't make me feel like i splashed my face in grease after. (grazi is the other). the husband had two slices, which were more than plenty for a meal. they were completely different styles of pie and both were great. we'll definitely hit this one again.According to Jimmy Buffet what is the eighth deadly sin?..............................Pizza! After a trip to the far east where I got a pizza made with puff pastry dough I was ready for the real thing. I've read other reviews of this place and wanted to try it. The restaurant is on the small side, but has a modern comfortable feel to it. Having read other Yelper's reviews I went straight for the Meat Rustica pizza. I know what you are thinking, but I like thin crust pizza. After a beer and more than a few minutes, the pizza arrived. Now I guess everyone has their own point of view, but I think the pizza looks like a bikini bottom. Anyway, the pizza was flavorful and not dripping with grease. It was the perfect size for lunch so I finished it. The only thing that I wished they had done was cook it a tad more. Now it might had been the fresh tomatos, but the middle of the pizza was not crispy. Not soggy, but I would like it a bit crispier. I will be back to sample more of their food and sin some more.The Rustica at Crust Pizza and Wine Cafe is nothing short of awesome. I'll drive up the 101 from Chandler for this. Sorry Catherine M. your taste buds need some work. Extra doughy? Never - the crust is perfect, the sauce is perfect and the service..... None better.Great service great food! The pizza isn't for everyone so if your a jerk who likes dominos you won't appriciate this amazing pizza! It's thinner than humble pie (at least the rustica) but not as thin as sauce ( which is nowhere near as good as this place) GO NOW!First of all, I am not a huge pizza fan.  Therefore, you are not likely to find me doing somersaults, and singing "Some Enchanted Evening" over a piece of pizza.Nonetheless, I give Crust 4 stars.  I greatly enjoyed their Rustica.  This thin crust, personal sized pizza (I had the meat Rustica) was loaded with fresh ingredients, and most enjoyable.  Another unexpected surprise was a fairly nice wine list to go along with your Sicilian fare.The only thing that kept Crust from 5 stars was that the experience was lacking.  To go from good to great, you must learn to present your patrons with a wonderful experience.  The service was good, not great.   On the experience meter, I would give them a two.Crust, work on delivering a world class, Disney type experience and I think you could really explode.  Your food was great!  My experience was mediocre.Nonetheless, if someone ever asks me where to go for a nice slice of Sicily, I will happily recommend Crust Pizza & Wine Cafe.PS - the videos you provided on your website sold me to come to your establishment.  Otherwise, I probably wouldn't have driven 22 miles for a piece of pizza.  Congrats on sharing your story in a memorable way.Ready for today's introduction by way of tortured metaphor?Crust is a pretty good restaurant that seems to be struggling with it's signature.  Is it the fine, loopy John Hancock of the hand-stretched Rustica?  The decorative and celebratory graffiti tag of a slice of New York style thin-crust?  The fun scribble of a salad served in a bread boule - described as "Crusted!" by the menu?As far as I'm concerned, the ambiguity doesn't really matter.  We indulged in a little more here than we normally do at a restaurant, thanks to a super-awesome coupon.  Here's what we had:A Tuscan salad of some sort, spinach-based in the aforementioned boule - crisp and tasty, not drenched in sauce.  The bread boule was definitely a nice touch.  The house-made croutons were fresh and delicious.The artichoke dip was pretty standard fare - tons of cheese, with spinach and artichokes baked in, served with the aforementioned croutons and some not-so-fresh tasting tortilla chips.  Solid.The pizzas - we got two Rusticas to split.  These occupied awkward territory, portion-wise.  Each was probably a a bit too big for most person to finish alone, yet too small to bring home a satisfying follow-up leftover party - definitely too small for two to share.Still, for $8.50, you definitely get a satisfying penisesque-pie.We ordered the one with pesto, which I was nervous about - a lot of restaurants serve their pesto pizza drenched in the oil-y goodness, but this was instead served with a tasteful red pesto sauce that hit all the right notes.  The other pie was a little more forgettable, but still solid.My one knock on this restaurant - and why I would give it a 3.5, instead of a 4 - is the namesake - the crust.  The crust at the end of each piece was charred and hard.  Not crunchy, like a well-done wood-roasted pizza, like the pies at Cibo and Pizzeria Bianco, but straight up hard.Still, in light of the affordability, tastiness, and nice, relaxed atmosphere, this place leans more towards 4 than 3.10/12Happy 2nd anniversary, Crust!To celebrate Crust's 2nd Ann'y, the entire menu, minus hard liquor, was going for 50% off today!  I decided I'd order my fave Rustica bianca, as well as two other selections I've wanted to try: the Crusted Mac 'n Cheese and the Pasta alla Forno.  The mac 'n cheese is too-die-for!  Love that crust topping and toasted cheeses- count 'em, there's five: fontina, velveeta, romano-pecorino, parmesan, and cheddar?  I'll have to double-check sometime soon ;)  The Pasta alla Forno is also very tasty; the peas lend the dish a sweetness that I like.  Oh, but the mac 'n cheese...  For dessert, I'd ordered the Nutella pizza, but with everything included (I was going to try eating bananas again).  I forgot to stipulate "no powdered sugar," so after the 15-minute wait, I was presented this pretty dessert pie, but I couldn't enjoy it due to all the powder.  It was promptly removed, but I'd have to wait another 40 minutes for a new batch (the resto was packed).  I must've had a pretty sad face on while waiting for my ticket, bec. Mike came out and offered me a complimentary mini-cannoli.  I was still pretty sad about missing out on all of that Nutella goodness, but after a couple of cannoli bites, I was once again my happy self :D  BTW, the leftovers warm up well!10/27OK, I've decreed that Crust is my favorite pizza and wine restaurant!  (That is, until a few friends prove to me otherwise that there are better NY-style/thin-crust pizza joints in the valley.)  Not only does Crust offer up super-crispy and flavorful Rustica pizzas ("hand-stretched"), but their 20" thin-crust round pies (I've tried the Little Nicky- white pie w/ fresh spinach and tomatoes) and pasta dishes (crusted mac 'n cheese is delicious both fresh and re-heated) are good, too!I am IN LOVE w/ Crust's filet mignon sliders w/ horseradish cream sauce.  This time the au jus reduction was SUBLIME, and oh so garlicky!  I was told that the "regular" chef was working that day.  To the unnamed chef, I salute you!  :)  The table bread, which you will have to specially request or you won't get any, was great w/ either butter or dunked into the au jus.  MMmm!As if the steak sliders and the decadent cream sauce ($4.50 for 3 pcs, HH menu) weren't enough- I've got to find out where I can get my hands on those buns these sliders are served on!- I went ahead and ordered a pot of brownie sundae ($9.50).  This was my first time ordering the brownie sundae and had not realized it came served in a mini-caulderon-style pot.  Should you decide to order this sweet, make sure you have at least two other tablemates w/ you to share the wealth!  The walnut brownie came w/ sliced bananas, fudge sauce, and a scoop of ice cream and then topped w/ homemade whip cream and a maraschino cherry!  If you're a sundae fan, you'll love this delectable sweet pot!Addendum 10/30:

Ordered:

They are always handing out samples for you to try.

Anything with a tortilla is good. Their tortillas are the best.And every meal is finished with free fried, sugar and cinnamon-coated crisps.My only dig: Nearly everything is fried. There is no "light fare." But if you're in the mood for an authentic and delicious Mexican meal, look no further than El Bravo.Word to the wise: You get faster service if you seat yourself in the room immediately to your left after entering the restaurant. If you sit in the first room you enter or the room to your right after you enter, you won't be served as quickly. (Just a little something I noticed.)Went in on a Tuesday evening. Place was pretty empty but that left plenty of parking so I wasn't deterred. Service was also pretty slow for it being empty. The older woman - owner? - who was waiting on some tables took awhile to get to us, though we were greeted at the door.

Roasted broccoli IThese were all great well seasoned and presented.  I actually got too into the eating to take pics but there are enough on here anyway.

Order came out quickly and was better than expected- pastrami is not a thick, heaping portion, but a thinner, sparser portion that is packed with flavor. The baguette is soft and crispy in the appropriate places, and the condiments were house-made: I'm not a mayonnaise fan, but I'd bathe myself in this stuff. It was fresh and delicious, and the condiments really did make a difference.

Spicy Tuna: average, small roll with 8 pieces, mildly spicy. Not bad but not my favorite either.

Student Union - best meet up place with friends. They have various fast food restaurants in there. I can't believe I ate Panda Express almost every day. Gross.Lied Library (Club Lied) - this library is seriously like a club. Every hangs out here, bring you food and just rage. Plus finals week, they close at 2 am. Just like a nighclub.Academic - I definitely lucked out in getting all my required courses done before they started doing the budget cuts. I was able to take all the marketing professors that specialized in certain subjects (Sports Marketing, Retail Marketing, etc) before they got cut/fired. IF UNLV decides to hire them back again, it's a great learning experience...but don't ask me anything about Sports Marketing cause I don't do sports. haha.CONS:

Their seafood cocktails are literally some of the best I've had. I usually get the quesadillas and add beans with carne asada. For their regular tacos I definitely enjoy the carne asada,  their lengua (at times its salty tho), el pastor, and chicken ( all with avocado and cream too!) Their green sauce is such a good additional topping as well!Their drinks are awesome too, horchata, jamaica, and ive tried the mango too which is awesome. Check it out!Had a pork and Carne asada taco. Pork was ok. Carne was amazing. Had a BBQ smoky flavor. $3 plus $1.50 to add cheese sour cream and avocado so kinda pricy for a taco but so good. I asked for lime and they cut me up some fresh ones on the spot. The shrimp cocktail looks really good and I will try it next time. This place looks like a hole in the wall and really is but good food.Things started off a little slow trying to give my order. But that's pretty normal for your first time somewhere. Then they messed up my order and I almost didn't say anything. But I did and they fixed it no problem. So that's the service. The food? Amazing. Just a really really solid taco. Really fresh. I thought it was a little pricey but after seeing what I get I'm ok with it. I definitely ordered way too much food. Next experience I will be even better I'm sure.Fantastic carne asada burritos as well as al pastor.  We were in town for three days at a  conference and went out there twice because the food is so good.  The price is great (for vegas) and the food is amazing.  Friendly service and great experience.  Compares very well to the Mexican food in San Diego.My coworker and I were returning from the east side of town at lunch time and we're trying to decide where to eat. When we saw the Los Tacos sign, I remember when this place was a Weinerschnitzel. Since I hadn't been there, it would give me something to yelp about.I had a carne asada burrito. Most of the places have packages of chopped beef they throw on the griddle to cook it, this meat had charring on it and tasted like charbroiled steak, this burrito was delicious, very good. There were a few beans in the burrito, but not many, they certainly weren't using beans as filler, like so many places have decided to do. Some places put so much rice and beans in the burritos, the meat gets lost. I prefer a meat burrito, just meat with cheese, guacamole or salsa, with rice and beans on the side.The size was medium, not too big, not too small. Some places make things larger, because some people equate quantity to value. A lot of mediocre, is still mediocre. I suppose it depends on why you're eating. If you're taking a break, to relax and enjoy the food, quality means more. If you don't know when you'll have your next meal, your primary goal is to store calories, then quantity would mean more.If you like the carne asada burritos at Roberto's (which I do), you'll love the carne asada burritos at Los Tacos. I will definitely go there again and recommend it to anyone.Very good sized tacos! They are 3 dollars with any meat and extra 1.50 for crema, cheese and guacamole! I love, love avocados so I was very happy when I saw a lot of guacamole on them! I also ordered the mango agua fresca and I though it was pretty good considering that It was only 2 bucks for real fruit! The only bad thing is that they were pretty busy at lunch time so we had to wait a while, on top of that they forgot to make my bfs order so we had to wait even longer .. Overall a good Mexican food in a clean and pleasant restaurant!My go to place for fast food Mexican.  The boiled chicken tacos and burritos, cerviche, tortas, fresh add ons are always delicious.  The Sahara location is as good now as the Charleston one.  Not cheap but portions are big and service is fast for made to order.The BEST chicken taco I have ever had. If you order one, get the boiled chicken with everything option. Apparently now they offer a grilled chicken version, which I have not tried yet. The quality, flavor and texture of the taco is excellent. The outer shell seems soft, while the inner shell has a slight toasted crisp to it. The tacos seem to have slightly shrunk in size recently, but are still full of meat, pinto beans, sour cream and guacamole. If you prefer a side sauce, I recommend green, which isn't too hot. The chips and salsa are also very good, and a generous portion for $2. Sorry I can't review the rest of the menu. It's too difficult not to order these tacos!My co-workers and I did a less formal version of a "battle of the tacos" between Los Tacos and Tacos el Gordo.Here's the basic run down:The tacos are bigger here and they cost more that Tacos el Gordo too. At $3.00 a taco WITHOUT the works on it. To have all the extra add ons it would be an additional $2 each. Here, I only had to purchase 2 tacos versus 4 at Tacos el Gordo (which ultimately comes out the same anyway). I don't know what kind of tortilla TeG uses, but I was disappointed to see that LT doesn't make their tacos. It was definitely store bought.The taco breakdown:LENGUA: I do like the lengua here. A lot "saltier" and "full of flavor" than TeG. You also get a bigger portion too. I personally like the lengua here more.AL PASTOR: Also very good (i guess comparable to the ADOBADO i tried in TeG, but only because their both marinated pork). Super good, tender pork, and bold with a slightly sweet taste to it. Definitely a good off the strip location to go to if Tacos el Gordo is too overwhelming for you since it is on he strip and they have lines on top of lines.My co-worker got a TORTA, and if you're wondering what that is, it's basically a sandwich version of everything else in a toasted fresh-like roll. It looks pretty good! If you are looking for something less messy and complicated other than a burrito...I'd say go for it. I've never tried this version before, and I'd like to come back to experience it.My co-workers just brought back two tacos for me. They were awesome. Looking forward to seeing the entire menu from inside !!!The food is just amazing. A little over price in my opinion. Oh and registers need to be more specific in regards add-on pricing.This place is pretty decent.This place was good. And it was very cheap too.

I would definitely recommand.Great traditional montreal Pizza. Go there many many times with the kids.

But you need to ask the waitress about the rubs as they give them nick names4.5 stars! This place is super awesome and I was glad I decided to check this place out on my last night during my recent Pittsburgh trip. The place was slightly further away from Shadyside but it's worth a dive. It's located a mall area, so the good part is, you can always find a parking spot! I love that they serve high quality of both milkshakes (they even have spiked options if you want some alcohols in them!) and burgers and their atmosphere and service were both superb. Both my SO and I REALLY enjoyed our meals and experiences there there.My SO ordered a Caramel Pretzel shake and I ordered the Salted Nutella Crunch shake ($6 ea). I actually tried my SO shake, in addition to finishing my own, so I can attest to the fact that you can't go wrong with any choices you made! I felt like the flavors that they offered are interesting and were so well balanced that no matter what you choose, you simply are just going to enjoy them anyways. I also appreciate that they bring the extra portion that they couldn't fill into your milkshake glass for you to finish, too! :D~~~ I was happy that they didn't throw that away...because that would be such a waste!I ordered the Piggy Butter Jelly burger because I thought their ingredients (like candied bacon and habanero jam) sounded interesting. I  was pleasantly surprised how well they went together. I forgot what my SO had, but ...at the end..we both finished our meals completely as well. I think that showed how well we loved our meals here.Another thing to like is that the atmosphere of this place was great. It had a good energy, lively vibe to it. We stopped by this place around 9pm and it was still crowded! The service was great, too. The waitress brought out one wrong ingredient in the burger for the table next to us. When the customer informed the waittress about the mistake, she graciously took the comment, promptly apologized...and within the next few minutes, the restaurant manager came out with the correct ingredient/new burger to personally apologize to the table! :) So, yea, I was impressed. I get it that mistakes can be made..but how they handled it..was really professional! :)Next time I'm in Pittsburgh or if anyone asks for recommendation for a good, fun or for a burger place, Burgatory would be my answer!The best burger place in Pittsburgh. I went here twice during my stay. The first visit was absolutely mindblowing. I had a chicken burger, which was perfectly cooked, and the organization of the toppings was excellent. The second visit was good but not as good; the burger just seemed rushed. It still taste pretty good but was a little dry and toppings were added unevenly.The shakes are delicious and come in large portions. I wasn't a big fan of the hard shakes, but that's probably personal preference.The wait times can be kind of long, and afaik, you can't make reservations ahead of time.. I suggest you come in between traditional lunch and dinner times for the shortest wait. I came at around 4-5 pm and was seated fairly quickly.Great find. Would definitely come back. And eat nachos. Lots of nachos. Burgers looked great and excellent happy hour menu. Did I mention the nachos?The veggie burger and crab burger are amazing. I don't like the chips they come with so I always upgrade to a side salad which is also amazing. I haven't been there in a very long time just because of how busy it always seems to be and because I tend to forget it's there because it's tucked in the corner.I do enjoy this place. Not being able to eat ground beef, but love burgers, this gives me options...and the fact that I can create my own burger makes me happy. Both of us were quite happy with our chicken burgers, both made our own way, one on pretzel bun the other on brioche, both excellent choices,  the potato salad tasted old though, my chips were great, could've used more seasoning, but nice texture and crisp for fresh cut chips. Friendly waitress, kept excusing her reach...which could've been prevented had she gone to the other side of the table, where there was plenty of room to walk around and place drinks and food.Best burger I've ever had, by far. Chicken burger is also a solid choice. Milkshakes are the BEST!Pros: We were seated quickly. Place is clean. You can create your own burger - tons of toppings and options. Chips are yummy but definitely need ranch or something to dip in.Tip: order your milkshake half way through your meal because they take a little while.Cons: The music was really loud. Our waiter smelled heavy of smoke, was awkward & barely checked on our table. God forbid we had needed something because he never came back after he dropped off our plates. Charged me for a side of ranch. We ordered one of the burgers with Brie, but when it came it didn't cover the entire burger. If you're going to change $1.50 extra - make it worth it.My husband discovered Burgatory several years back while on his lunch break. He could not stop raving about it and insisted on taking me there. I'm sure glad he did! The shakes are what did it for me. I'm not much of a burger girl, but let me tell you, the meat they use is so tasty and it's always made to perfection how you request. We have never ordered anything off of the actual menu (aside from shakes), and always get our burgers made to order. In my opinion, that's the best way to go since there are SO MANY combinations you can try. If you don't have the caramel pretzel shake on your way out, you're truly missing out on dessert. My husband goes on Saturdays when there is game meat. He's tried antelope, alligator, and probably others in the past, but sorry to say that's just not my thing. He used to get the burger of the day mailed to him......complete fanatic, but unfortunately, I will say we have not been there for a while. I think too much of a good thing killed it for us a little. Every now and again I will still crave a shake. There fries are nothing spectacular, though (although the chips are tasty)--I'm a fan of beer battered and these fries just don't cut it for me. They remind me of primanti's fries. Check this place out for sure...it's a great place to stop for happy hour too, if you're not trying to gorge yourself :)P.S. The mushroom salad they used to have is TO DIE FOR. I mean how good can a salad be, right? The answer is insanely good (maybe it was the dressing?). Unfortunately, I don't think they have this anymore, but hopefully they bring it back!!The Meat Your Maker burger is the only burger you should ever get, cooked medium. You won't regret it. Or at least as long as you don't think about how many calories you're consuming. But even then, it's still worth it.Good food you can make ur own burger there is sooooooo MUCH to pick from and you get free chips with everyWe heard about Burgatory from family members who went there after visiting at the Hospital next door and thought we would do the same. The space is really nice--and both evenings it was pleasantly crowded but not oppressively so. Burgers were great. Good choices for beer/ drinks. We visited twice and really loved the salads - as they were fresh, crunchy and robust.I've been to Burgatory quite a few times with my daughter and her friends. I almost always order a burgers even though I rarely eat red meat. These are just too good to pass up! You can order different condiments, cheeses, vegetables (lettuce, tomato, avocado, etc), sauces, etc., and really customize your burger. They also have veggie patties if you prefer to skip the meat. I can't remember what is in them, but they are a tasty alternative to a red meat burger. They also have great salads. We shared a peppercorn caesar salad and the contrast between the hot kick of the peppercorns and the smooth, almost sweet dressing was fabulous. The chicken chili is another good option for something lighter than the burgers. Besides exceptional burgers, this place is known for its milkshakes. I've never tried one with alcohol but my friends raved about them. I've had a few of their non-alcoholic milkshakes and they are super thick, rich, with lots of flavor--the chocolate milkshakes are especially yummy! If you try to get in here on a Friday or Saturday evening, be prepared for a very long wait. I'm not a big advocate of waiting long for a table, so I try to hit this place during less popular hours.Decided to check out this place since my husband and I were in the area. I have to say, pretty darn good burgers. I like how they offer a variety of burgers with different types of protein and you can even build your own burger. I tried the Elk gone wild which was full of flavor, especially with the bacon jam! My husband ordered the Meat your maker, which I thought was equally as good. For an appetizer, we ordered the seoul tacos. It was pretty scrumptious, the meat was so juicy and tender. We also tried the expresso love milk shake, which is great for all the coffee lovers out there! I liked how there were bits and pieces of the coffee bean in the milkshakes so you still have some crunch with the milkshake. Good food and nice lively atmosphere. Would definitely come back to try the other burgers and milkshakes.Stopped in with my husband for date night.We each created our own burgers and were extremely happy with our choices. I got the chicken burger and it had more flavor than i was expecting. The potato salad was rather delicious as well. I absolutely had to try a milkshake, caramel pretzel. I was not disappointed.The atmosphere was nice and the staff was friendly. The only downside, the don't wear uniforms so it was hard to tell who actually worked there.This is the only location I've ever been to. Incredible how many there are now. Each time I've gone the food has been exactly as ordered. And who doesn't grow tired of an adult milkshake?Nice, hip little joint!   If you live nearby, please give it a try and support this great addition to the neighborhood.  If you live not so near, it's just a short hop off the 51at Shea and worth it!I was very excited to discover this new coffee shop last Saturday!  A friend had suggested meeting there, and I mistakenly assumed it would be nested into the strip mall (in typical Phoenix fashion).  Instead, I was surprised to find this stand-alone structure in the parking lot of the NW corner of 32nd St. and Shea.  You can tell just by pulling up that this place is cool:  contemporary and fun signage, an intimate little patio, and bowls of water set out for dogs to enjoy.  Further indoor signals of this place's cool factor and unique character:  coffee drinks with Nutella (file that under "why didn't I think of that??"), a fantastic music playlist that reminded me of the Garden State soundtrack, day-old scones discounted to 50-cents each (love how unpretentious that felt), and boxes of matzoh displayed on top of the espresso machine (when I inquired about what they use the matzoh with, she explained that it was Passover so she thought her Jewish customers might enjoy the matzoh options for sandwiches -- so fun and sweet!).My iced coffee was fantastic, and I definitely intend to come back and explore their "Wichcraft," AKA, Sandwich, menu.  The description of the OMG sandwich will be enough to get me to come back -- fig, marscapone and prosciutto!Overall, this independent little shop has potential written all over it, and I can't wait to increase my cool factor by adding it into my portfolio.  Watch out, Luci's Marketplace -- you have some new competition!I really liked 32 Shea! Kinda wish there was a place like this in my neighborhood. It's a really cute place in a pretty random location - smackdab in the middle of the parking lot of a strip mall (it used to be a drive through coffee shop). They've remade it into a cool, hip little spot and managed to fit quite a lot into a small space. There's an outdoor patio that they've surrounded with trees, which, once the weather cools off, will give the outside area a little more ambiance. Inside, there is a small bar and maybe eight 2 top tables (not the type of place to take large groups). Luckily we were able to get a table right away. 32 Shea serves breakfast, lunch, drinks, and coffee (they have a drivethrough). I heard the coffee is excellent. We went there for happy hour and I ordered the Mint Lemon Drop Martini which might be one of my favorite drinks around! Very fresh and lemony. I also had the Shea Breeze (muddled pineapple, vodka, cranberry, soda, and lime). It was good, but I had already fallen for that lemon martini. My boyfriend enjoyed a couple of their local beers. We also had a few bruschettas: the salami/pesto/tomato, the proscuitto/marscarpone/figs/honey, and the mozzarella/tomato/basil. I'd say they're on par with the likes of postino's and I'd definitely order all three again. We also really enjoyed the roast beef sliders. A little horseradish and some good au jus.K, dont get mad at me cuz i am only giving 4 stars! I have yet to try out the dinner/night life of this place.I went in with a book and laptop in the afternoon and ended up staying for 3 hours...yeah im a nerd. Their espressois amazing, nice and strong with a dark roast, i am guessing italian or even darker. They are working on training all of their workers on doing the cool designs on the lattes, but i could care less about that and more about quality. They are the only AZ bar to serve nutella mochas...omg amazing! Why hasn't anyone else thought of this?This is a very small location, in an odd part of town. I am sure their lease is dirt cheap, but that allows them to provide amazing quality dishes at a good price! They have free wifi set up, so come in the morning or afternoons and hang out!I tweeted asking my friends if they wanted to go, and 32shea responded, 'come try us out, we have good drinks, great food and our staff is really cute!" AND the staff is CUTE!I plan on testing our thier dinner and night life laterz!Cool spot. Nice location. Great food. Cheap mimosa's.Love this place!  Bonus points 'cause it's in my hood.What's not to love about a 32 Shea?  Not just anyone can turn a vacant fast food restaurant in a strip mall parking lot into a top notch coffee shop.  But the awesome doesn't end there.  By day, they are a coffee shop that serves delicious food, has a full bar and some of the coolest, most fun baristas in the city.  By night, 32 Shea is the perfect place to grab a glass of wine and some amazing bruschetta, or the dinner of the day with an delicious craft beer or even a lavosh pizza and a mint lemon drop martini (holy yumminess). The homemade green salsa and bloody mary mix are not to be missed!**Friend 32 Shea on Facebook or follow them on Twitter to make sure you never miss out on the awesome daily deals they offer.  Another bonus is that you will always know what the dinner of the day is!A work associate asked to meet at this place - I had never heard of it.  It's located in a somewhat deserted strip mall. It definitely stands out though, with it's vibrant colors and proximity to 32nd Street. It has a quaint patio, although you do get a bit of street noise. So... I met my associate and to my delight, they also had a full bar (including a great selection of vino). I think the coffee / bar concept is a great and unique one - definitely worth a visit.  The staff and owners were very friendly too.Not sure about the food - only because I didn't order any.Good food, great vibe, excellent attitude. Had driven by here several times after it converted from a drive-thru coffee kiosk, but never stopped in.  Dined there last night on the reco from our movie-and-dinner partners.  It was a little chilly to eat on the outdoor patio by 8:30, but it's nice to know it's there.  Inside was cozy (maybe seating for 30 or so), and funky/hip without being pretentious.  Menu is compact - a handful of foodie-oriented salads, sandwiches and entrees and a daily special entree and lavosh pizza.   Our flatbread appetizers were nicely done.  My gumbo was absolutely delicious. The fresh basil leaves (from the garden outside) were a thoughtful, unexpected and delicious touch. Wife's roast beef sliders were also good. Great selection of local craft beers available.  Server was uber-friendly and helpful. Owner walked over and chatted with us. We'll definitely put it in the rotation.  I wouldn't drive a long way for it, but its a great neighborhood joint for a 5-10 minute drive.Found this place on Yelp after searching for a light breakfast/lunch before heading over to Paradise Valley Mall. 32 Shea is located in the middle of a barren shopping center a few blocks off the 51.I went for the Early Bird Sandwich and a large cappuccino. The portion size was perfect, all of the ingredients tasted fresh, and it was priced well at $4.50. I loved the cappuccino, but next time I have to try the mocha with nutella.Attention tea-drinkers: there is no black iced-tea, only green. My mom wanted black iced-tea, and had them make one of the premium loose-leaf black teas and pour it over ice. I'm not sure what the brand was, but the tea tasted amazing! A little expensive if you're used to standard iced black tea.We ate on the patio with our pup. Nice ambience, you almost forget you're in the middle of a parking lot. If I lived closer, this place would become one of my regular breakfast spots.Fun little place!We went on a weeknight with our pooch and it was surprisingly busy. I love how they renovated and decorated the place. They have a beautiful patio area. It's nice inside but a bit cramped. A loooong time ago it used to be a coffee shack that I used to go to before I went to high school down the street. Definitely a nostalgic area! We started out with the bruschetta and some wine. Wine was decent and the bruschetta was awesome. I was a bit disappointed with the portion of the bruschetta though. I'm used to Postinos board of bruschetta with the same price but twice as big. Barely enough for 2 people to share.We both ordered the entree of the moment which was a shrimp pasta dish, sans shrimp for me. It was delicious. The sauce was so creamy and garlicky. The portion was perfect. However the price isn't listed on the menu and I didn't think to ask. It was a little pricey for a cafe type of environment. Service was warm and friendly. They were great with my dog which always wins brownie points for me. The food did take a very long time to come out though. The bruschetta took about 40 minutes, entree about an hour. Long time for a weeknight. Overall we had a great time. I can't wait to come back and have a leisurely brunch with my hubby and pooch. The breakfast items look amazing (reasonably priced too!) and they have mimosas!I got a large Americano to go from this place. Price is about right, coffee was good. Better than Bucks, but to me, everything there is burnt. I didn't order food, but many things looked good and the pastries looked great. The service was good, a bit slow. But you know, they used espresso machines where you didn't just push buttons and stuff came out. So, that happens. My only complaint was that inside the cafe it was hot. I'm sure the air hadn't kicked in yet. I'll head back.My wife and I stop in here about once a week and the staff are always friendly.  Great local place to get a good cup of coffee, tea or baked goods. Quality and quick service.  Nice patio area for when the weather is nice and a drive-thru for on the go service.Definitely a gem of a place, any Nutella fan would love their Mocha with Nutella (the iced is just as amazing as it is hot). I've eaten the Early Bird sandwich twice for breakfast and enjoy it (it's a great portion size). My friends and I ate on the patio and it's awesome for people who like to bring their dogs! A neighborhood friendly place, and it's one of my favorites. I like their bruschetta for dinner too... and of course the Nutella Marscapone Cheesecake for dessert... Mmmm. Their staff is super busy on Saturday mornings, and can get busy during dinner times too, but they are friendly and nice.I usually don't review a place after only going once, since being burned several times in the past, but I was so impressed by the quality of the sandwich, I had to say It was very, very good. I will be back next time I am in the area or go out of my way if I really feel like a fresh, delicious sandwich.This place is always a hit. Even when you don't know what you want, they will help you decide. The baristas always have great recommendations. Often times I tell them what I am in the mood for, often times I let them know I love Nutella, and they give me suggestions. They also will make just about anything on the menu and mix it up for ya! This past time they mixed up a mocha freezeacino with nutella. Pretty darn good, tasted less watered down than sbux.I have gotten a S'mores coffee (not that great) but you know what? Its the thought that counts, what other coffee shop has a drive thru, local bakery items, friendly and helpful baristas that dont rush you in ordering, and unique drink ideas? HMM 32 Shea does. Come here, check out the variety, and the local flavors. You wont be upset that you did.Located over on the Northwest Plaza on Shea and 32nd just past the 51 freeway. Go there. Tomorrow morning..I was meeting a friend in the  area and after checking on Yelp, decided this is a place to go. When I first saw the place I was surprised, wondering if there is any space inside coz sitting outside in August is huge no-no. Luckily, there was enough room and I got there just minutes before it got too crowded.Bottom line is I really liked the place. It is nice, urban, cool and most importantly not Starbucks (or Coffee Bean). Cappucino is great, finally got a nice drink in a mug! I like the menu, I like the atmosphere and I will definitely be back. Can't wait for cooler weather to try out the patio as well.A long overdue update to say that they actually DO have great $5 glasses of wine for happy hour. They just had different shift staff working the night that I went. Still a cute and casual place for a nice HH chat. I'm a fan.I discovered this place three months ago and keep going back.  Whether I go in the AM for a jolt, noon for a great lunch or in the eve for a cocktail and light dinner I am always very pleased.  Their creativity and use of quality,fresh and local products is very much appreciated.  After owning ten restaurants over 30 years, I think I am pretty savy when it comes to food and service and this place blows me away.  The other thing that blows me away are people who use this platform to slam businesses who don't meet their particular expectations. I am not talking about critiquing the food, service or ambiance, I am referring to the haters who are more often than not, rude and demanding, if not just ignorant, refusing to read the menu, ask questions and just expect everything to be as THEY think it should be,and if their expectations aren't met want it for free. They should work a shift as an owner, manager or server. Over my 30 years I threw out many a rude guest, ( although I am sure they thought they were right in their justifiably deserved attitude) out of support and respect for my hard working employees. Luckily I sold my restaurants before Yelp became so popular. I love Yelp because it helps me find new places that I might otherwise might not, but I hate it because it encourages HATERS and gives them a platform to complain, making them feel like they got the last word. I guarantee you that this place will be around for a long time. Its trend setting and the owner and staff execute at a level rarely experienced in a small, local establishment.My neighborhood actually has a top tier cafe! I'm very excited about this place. It has everything: Great decor, unique menu, hi-quality food and beverage, too-cool-for-school hipster staff. I really have enjoyed everything I have consumed there. Every Saturday morning I get an iced chai latte, large, DIRTY! (double espresso shot). It gets my day going. They don't get 5 stars, solely because the hipster attitude comes across rude sometimes. Not a major deal, but 5 stars equals perfection to me. Keep up the great work! FYI: 32 Shea has a liquor license, so their drink menu is just as awesome.If you are a) in a hurry or b) claustrophobic, just turn around. Turn around now and RUN. You will be sitting close enough to hear the wisdom of neighboring randoms in love with the sound of their own voice. (A favorite quote from the next table: "If you want to be CEO, you gotta get your MBA.")You will wait. A long time. A disproportionately long time. Your server is super friendly and kind, but harried and unapologetic, even when shrimp end up in your dinner uninvited. ("Oh, oops, good thing you're not allergic to shellfish.......... are you?")The wine and beer list? Meh. Abbreviated.The menu? Bruschetta, salads, light sandwiches: your typical wine bar fare.So why in the eff is the place so successful? Location, location, location. What would be average in Arcadia is novel and exciting in 85028. Really. There is nothing else like it in this part of the valley and for that it wins. Its patio is big, decor is cute, food is decent, and it is god damn chic and exciting if you are used to Applebee's. So why does 32 SHEA garner four generous stars? BECAUSE THE NUTELLA MARTINI IS PROOF THAT GOD EXISTS. Pure. Genius.Met a friend for beers at 32 Shea recently and was really charmed and impressed with the place. It's clearly more of a coffee shop, but really just an all-around nice little neighborhood gathering spot. I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm in the area.I'm currently working on getting in contact with the owner to change the name of this establishment to "JESUS CHRIST" due to the fact I exclaim that after each bite of their delicious culinary delights .  The menu item in particular I am referring to is the OMG!  I never thought OMG would be something I would say on the regular or even adapt into my daily vocab but this sandwich could be called a "shit sandwich" and I would still rave about it.  So basically no matter how dumb the name is the sandwich, its glory overshadows that.  The OMG for those who don't know is "Prosciutto, Mascarpone, Fig + Honey" now what that does is create a flavor explosion in your mouth similar to a pinata but less violent and more delicious.  I cant speak for breakfast or dinner items yet although the "Crispy Lavosh Pizza of the Moment" catches my eye cause I love that its named that, I will be going back to try more items.  The only reason I gave this place 4 instead of 5 stars is the coffee was good but didn't blow me away, I blame that on people building it up too much but that OMG sandwich will either change your life or save it, get it now!What a cool place!  I stopped in this week for a hot tea and a bite to eat.  The staff was super friendly, the decor is quaint, the atmosphere is really relaxed and the food/drinks were amazing!  Can't wait to come back and check-out the pet friendly patio when it gets warmer.Yesterday was one of those days. After work, I told myself, "B*tch, you need a drink!" So I've been dying to try the Nutella Espresso Martini at 32 Shea...this drink is fantabulous! I had two along with a Chicken Raspberry Salad. Delicious. If it weren't for a group run later that same evening I would have stayed and tried a slice of the Nutella Mascarpone Cheesecake.It's not even Noon and I'm craving a Nutella Espresso Martini -- give me strength Patron Saint of All Things Nutella!!!!This place was cozy and cute. We sat outside at a table for two, and it was perfect. I loved the atmosphere and the ambiance. the only issue I had was that when loud cars and motorcycle drove by, it completely drowned out the conversation. (That's why I have given the place 4 instead of 5 stars.)I ordered the Nutella Espresso Martini because I love Nutella, espresso, and Irish Creme, and as promised, it was worth the wait. I also got a chop salad, which wasn't really anything to write home about, but the martini was definitely worth going for. Definitely go for the drinks, if nothing else!Very cool little place.  All of these years my husband and I thought this was just a coffee shop and were surprised that they had survived.  Last night we were on yelp looking for a wine bar and this came up so, questioning whether it was categorized correctly, we stopped in.  Wonderful intimate atmosphere, nice patio, a unique menu for both food and spirits.  The reason for the lack of stars, they were out of the wine we wanted, the second choice was a light beer and they only have those rich beers. When I decided on a cocktail, they offered a Jalapeño margarita on their website so I inquired to find they don't make them anymore because people complained they were too hot. She did however offer to make one if they had jalapeños which was nice. I went for the mint lemon drop martini to keep it safe.  Very good!  I ordered the chopped chicken salad.  It was large And came with generous amounts of bacon.  SOLD me right there. My husband ordered roast beef sliders which were delicious.  The service was a bit slow but we weren't in a hurry and they advertise that they take time for preparation.  Everyone around us seemed relaxed and really enjoying themselves!  I would definitely go back.  Oh, and their happy hour looked very decent.Though the service is a little slow....we really don't mind because they have a very nice/mostly shaded patio. My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place on accident and am so glad we found it. There menu is simple and delicious...nothing too fancy and prices are great. I've never gone through the drive through, we always sit on the patio and enjoy our tropical tea or coffee. They also have a full bar which is different! We went on the weekend both times..Saturday and Sunday and was pleased that we could order breakfast until 12pm. We'll definitely be back again and may enjoy a cocktail next time!32 SHEA is a fun little coffee shop. Great atmosphere and fun staff. This was the first place I ever had Nutella in my coffee. So Yummy! Check it out!32Shea used to be a drive through coffee business.  The coffee is still yummy and the drive-in  remains open through lunch. The kitchen and eating area inside are tiny - maybe 8 tables. The menu includes homemade baked goods, sandwiches, many on fresh ciabatta, salads, and a single entree each night... it's a tiny kitchen.I have tasted about half the menu items, including caprese, bruchetta, different daily flatbread pizzas and haven't found one I didn't like.

So ñ e of the employees highly motivated other search az ND tire of the same shit...

Seriously, this spot is awesome. I eat a cheat meal once a week....and it better be good. Nothing is worse than wasting my cheat meal on hot garbage so I take it pretty seriously. I was in the mood for pizza. Whenever I want to try a new place, I check out the Yelp reviews first and I stumbled across Benny's. The reviews and pics were so awesome I had yo try it. And I'm so glad I did! I went on a Friday night around 8ish. I expected it to be crowded but it wasn't. Here's my humble review....--Pizza - Incredibly huge slices (see my pic and no it wasn't "enlarged to show detail" the slices really are that big)! Thin crust. Delicious, local, fresh and piping hot fresh out of their big ole oven. Nothing like a chain. Go hangry and you'll leave very satisfied.--Atmosphere - Laid back, chill, groovy background music. Order your food at the bar then sit wherever you like. Diverse crowd which was great.--Staff - Super attentive. Checked on me a couple of times during my visit and I love that. --Drinks - They only had beer which is great for beer lovers but I'm a vodka girl. Nonetheless, I wanted to sip on something other than water so the sweet server chatted with me to get a sense for what I might like. She recommended an apple cider beer and it was on point! Again, I love the staff.--Parking - Dicey. Even though Benny's wasn't crowded, it's next to Heist Brewery which was packed. I guess I had good parking mojo that night b/c I landed a spot smack dab in front of the joint.-- Last Words - Pizza lovers, you should def check this place out. I've never had pizza in New York, but I imagine this has to be pretty close? You decide.....Tasty, huge and simple slices! We love a  place that carries not one,but  a few different brands of root beer.:) Staff is efficient  and prices are just right.So I was craving pizza & started reading some reviews on different places. I had already heard some good things about Benny's and after reading the reviews it was time to try it!

Also, we paid cash & survived, tho it was a horrifying experience! Seriously, people!Introduced to this venue via friends, and glad I was.As well as great bún at a decent price, the servers wer good company - namely Andrew and Hannah. It's to the point where my friends are regulars, and the staff differently have remembered that. Great company, great atmosphere, and great meals.First place I ever had Pho, so I'm biased. But service is friendly always. Quick service.  Clean environment. Good price for good food. Cash only though, always have to stop at the bank before I go there. On a cold rainy night, this place hit the spot!I only buy Pho here! Really good! Ive tried Annie pho and no comparison! Jenny Pho broth is delicious! The only things I don't like is I can tell when there is a different cook. One guy which I really need to get his name.. always puts a good filling amount of eats in the container and the other cook is extremely conservative... its like you may as well buy noodle with broth when I always order the pick 5 meats... and I really wish this owner would stop being a stereotypical cheap Asian and spring for a damn credit card machine! Because ALOT of people like myself DO NOT CARRY CASH! Otherwise good food!First, the service was amazing! The food was excellent, we will definitely come back for more!I have a serious stationary addiction and I absolutely love shopping in Newington Stationers for more writing supplies which I don't need. The shop is located on busy Nicholson Street and is just a short walk away from Edinburgh University and so it is an ideal store for students to pop into to buy their stationary.As well as selling the standard stationary supplies, such as paper, binders, highlighters etc, shoppers can also expect to find art and craft goods, including canvases which are always very cheap - about £1 each.  I have always found Newington Stationers to be very well stocked and whatever your stationary need, they will be able to meet it.  However, the prices for some of their supplies I have found to be quite steep compared to other stores on the same street selling stationary.  Photocopying is also available at a very reasonable price.I never knew there were so many different types of writing-related things you could buy until I walked into this little shop! To be honest, I doubt anyone really knows exactly what is stocked among all the floor-to-ceiling pens of various shapes and sizes, but I've always found what I needed when I've shopped here.But the best thing about this family-run place are all the little extras. Being family-run, the service is always friendly and attentive, and they're more than happy to go hunting high and low to find whatever it is you're after. But the best thing about it is that the mum of the family also offers a clothing alteration service too. Unfortunately for me, I'm not exactly a domestic goddess when it comes to sewing on buttons or fixing hems, so this place is an absolute gem in that respect.Newington Stationers is a great, friendly and local business which sells high quality products at affordable prices.  It's located on Clerc Street and so it's ideal for students on their way to and from classes when in need of some new stationary. It sells decents pencils and pens of varying types.  I usually go for the standard blue biros which they sell in packs of ten for just over £1.  Their paper is of particularly high quality as it's thick and durable with clear margines and comes at a fairly cheap price. Newington Stationers served me well in my first year and I'd certainly recommend as a top place for locals find any supplies they might need.Like Gibson, I'm a man who knows good stationary when I see it, and as a few other Yelpers have already said, there's a strangely satisfying feeling that can be yearned from sitting down on the first day of term, whipping out a crisp, untarnished notepad and some shiny new pens, and sitting bored out your skull, scribbling down a few rudimentary notes as the tweed-clad social leper up front drones on about something which has no relevance to society outwith a few dusty old textbooks.

I tried cream with fresh strawberries and tried ice cream with chocolate topping. The cold ice cream is a perfect match with the hot waffle. You should definitely choose this although the price is not low.

- it's always dark in there.  i need my readers to read the menu, makes me feel OOOOLD.

*ice cream--preferred the lemon yogurt (light and fresh), but the coconut and coffee (more like espresso) ice creams are good choices for the richer taste bud

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=oBcMb5p-hvyYty1cnUMV1A#oBcMb5p-hvyYty1cnUMV1AMixed Greens Salad, $10.95

I also had a side order of fried rice, which I thought was very salty. It is good, but it needs something to offset the saltiness.

Martinis were very strong and plentiful. Water melon martini was very good. We definitely started to speak more loudly and laughing for no reason after a few full glasses.Atmosphere overall feels very open, live music is excellent. Waiters were attentive and professional without feeling overwhelmingly present. Girlfriend had a great time so it deserves the 4 stars. Overall, a great experience though a tad pricey, especially the lobster.This is the kind of over the top dining that I like to treat myself to once in a while. Gorgeous white tablecloth service, servers in white sportscoats, beautiful bar. I wish I could have spent 3 hours drinking my way through the meal and probably will allow myself that much time next visit. I had the 12oz bone in filet, it was excellent. Our table ordered the gnocchi & crab as a side dish. Delicious even for $26.  It's a tiny bit awkward that it's in the middle of a massive shopping mall, for this kind of evening I wish I could just put on a nice dress and heels, take a cab and have a doorman open the restaurant door for me instead of trekking through a gi-normous mall up and down escalators to get there. However they make up for it with a cool bar and outstanding service.A couple of weeks ago I went to dinner by myelf at Mastro's Ocean Club, the wooden donut shaped eatery located in the middle of the new Crystal's shopping mall at City Center. It was tempting to fill up on the bread basket filled with pretzel and rye bread sticks, Parmesan crackers, and teardrop sourdough boules, but I restrained myself and saved room for a half order of the Spicy Mambo Salad ($7.99) and the Sauteed Shrimp appetizer ($18.95). Everything at Mastro's is fairly expensive, so these dishes were a great way to test their quality without spending a ton. The Spicy Mambo Salad was essentially a Caesar salad with horseradish in the dressing, and being a huge fan of horseradish, I very much enjoyed it. I always ask for light dressing (or dressing on the side) in less expensive restaurants because more expensive restaurants generally know how to dress a salad properly, and Mastro's was no exception. If anything, the salad bordered on verge of being under-dressed, so if you are a fan of heavy salad dressing, I would ask for extra. The sauteed shrimp were nothing less than wonderful, and hit the spot for my seafood craving. The huge shrimp were cooked just right and served over a broth that tasted like a lobster bisque reduction rich with butter. The cheesy garlic bread croutons absorbed this liquid on one end, but remained crunchy at the other, providing some textural contrast. It was fun to dip all the different kinds of bread from the basket in the sauce as well to see how they each paired differently. Overall it was a really successful dish, and because the shrimp were so plump and the sauce so rich, it was certainly enough for my entree. One item that I might have tried as a side had I been with someone, however, was the lobster mashed potatoes - they looked fantastic. I wasn't too disheartened by not getting them, as I still had a terrific meal that was plenty filling.I wanted to order their signature butter cake dessert, but because it was $14 and I was full by that point, I decided to pass. I'm sure it's enough for two to three people so maybe next time I go and I'm not by myself I'll splurge and get it.Truly enjoyed all aspects of dining here. The dungeness crab was excellent, and our steaks were cooked perfectly. I could probably do without the 400 degree plate. It's Vegas, I really didn't need anything to make the evening warmer. The service was attentive, and the wine selection was nice.  I will definitely stop in at the new location Chicago to sample more of their appetizers and fish selections.the steak i had was terrific.  but the best part was seeing mike tyson there.  i sent him a chocolate cake with the help of my waitress who was super friendly and accommodating.   there was a live piano player playing great tunes the whole time.The hottie and I headed to Mastro's Ocean Club on a weekend trip to Vegas.  A friend of mine has been pumping up Mastro's to me for years.  I ordered the bone in rib eye.... my favorite!  I would say that its not as good as Del Frisco's but still very good.  The hottie got the sea bass which was excellent.  We started off with fried calamari which was nothing special.  For sides we got creamed spinach which was pretty good and gorgonzola mac n cheese which was not good.  I'm not a big fan of gorgonzola from the start so it wasn't a surprise that I did not like it that much.  But the hottie is a big fan of gorgonzola and even she said it wasn't good.  We loved the tree house look and its a first class place.  We even saw Pete Rose there with a...... ahem companion.  Overall thumbs up!I've dined at many a Mastro's, and I must admit: this location hooked me (and my rumbling stomach) + a pal for lunch because I found it architecturally intriguing. The staff in the front of the house were still very wet behind the ears. I was asked, "Is there any special occasion that you're celebrating? Anniversary, birthday...?" I replied that I am a living kidney donor and I celebrate that every day. My response didn't even register with the hostess and there wasn't any acknowledgment at all. *shrug* People have birthdays every year; it's not that often you have the privilege of donating a kidney. Just saying. I'm a sucker for waitstaff in white jackets; there's something very genteel about it that I absolutely adore, though the ambiance was a bit odd - the skylights above took away some of the mystery and glamour that one might otherwise enjoy over dinner. All the better to admire the lines and the strange view that our perch afforded us. Couldn't help but wonder: because the "pod" is not enclosed by walls, but mesmerizing woodwork that undulates and is breathtakingly organic... do shoppers at the nearby boutiques get distracted by the smells of the kitchen? "Yes, I'd like this limited edition Dior - hold up a minute - I need me a steak! " Surf, turf and couture - pinch me, please, and pass the pretzel bread, I'm wearing a silk shift with an empire waist - Carbonanza!!! The pretzel bread is otherworldly. I ignored the other varieties in the very generous bread basket, and asked for more pretzel bread, which was delivered warm, fluffy and perfectly salted. A healthy slathering of room-temperature butter didn't hurt, either. Even though I don't eat wheat, I was no match for the PB, and just surrendered to each bite of pillowy bliss. My virgin strawberry martini was not as tasty as the high octane version (yes, I had a sippie and was glad I did) and was just too sweet for my palate - but I had to wash all that PRETZEL BREAD down with something, right? Another quirk: there was a phantom lounge singer, who was, to be honest, not good at all... it was almost comical. It took me a while to figure out that it wasn't tongue-in-cheek lounge-lizardy - the dude was actually that schmaltzy. He was playing and singing live... but from an indeterminate location - I think it was behind the blue curtain - but it was just so odd, we kept laughing about it. My crab cocktail was okay... it was fresh and bright, but the last 1/3rd was frozen, because of the ice bath in which it sat. To their credit, when I pointed that out, a fresh one was brought out. The salads were nice. Nothing that knocked my Paul Smith espadrilles off, but I was very pleased that the greens were not drowning in dressing. Nice, simple, tasty. I plan to go again, but will make a reservation for dinner; lighting makes a difference, but then again... Pretzel Bread tastes good at any hour! BELIEVE.My dessert and drink experience was definitely worth five stars, but I can't give five stars without tasting the dinner menu. The butter cake dessert filled with cream cheese is out of this world. Three of us shared it.The Fountain of Youth is the drink to get--if you're considering that or the Raspberry Flirtini. Service was amazing. Prices are high. Drinks are around $17 each.Mastro's Ocean Club is smack dab in the middle of the Aria City Center mall. Because of  this, the ambiance and setting is not as upscale as the one in Beverly Hills. This place has more of a casual setting to it but most people will dress in their casual Friday attire.The food was great.. very similar to the food at Beverly Hill location but because of the Ocean Club name, they have more fresh seafood at this location.. I still think that Mastro's excels in steak so unless you don't eat beef, why would you order anything else?Also, I recommend that you make reservations to this place. When I went, they were not busy (they had like 6 parties dining), they insisted that they were. Make sure you specifically ask to dine in the Treehouse. This is the middle part of the restaurant that overlooks the mall. Anywhere else, and you end up close to the piano, and the piano's volume can get overwhelming.All in all, Mastro's in Vegas is a good steakhouse. But because of it's prices, I expected it to be a little more on the personal and upscale level. but the fact that it's in the mall makes it seem like they are a more casual restaurant with high prices. I personally prefer the Mastro's in Beverly Hills. If you are a local to Vegas, definitely give this place a try. All of you that did the 4 hour commute to Vegas, drive back and go to the one on Canan in the 90210.Came here with a couple friends.  We were sat in the modern tree house which over looked the crystals mall, I would definitely ask to be sat there.  Everyone was hungry so we got right down to business, Crabcakes, Oysters Rockefeller and seared ahi tuna to start followed by the 22oz bone in ribeye for myself with creamed spinach and sweet potato fries.   Apps were flavorful,  Steak was cooked perfectly Midrare and the sides dishes were great .  Service was impeccable as expected. Overall great dinning experience, wasn't the best steak I've had but definitely worth trying even though technically this restaurants prime focus is seafood.I would rate this more of a 3.5.  For starters, the decor and architecture of this restaurant is absolutely breathtaking.  Based in the center of a classy mall, the treehouse area has a unique and interesting view of everything around you.  We went around 9, so no one was really shopping and the mall was pretty bare. I felt like I was in a different world!  For a Monday night the restaurant was hardly crowded and we were seated immediately at a table of our choice.  The complimentary bread was interesting, although there were several pieces that were extremely hard to bite into, I enjoyed the soft pretzel-like bread the most.  For drinks we tried the lemon drop and the cantaloupe martini.  Both very awesome, and the cool thing is that they come with the martini shaker, so you end up getting two drinks really.  I enjoyed both drinks, the cantaloupe one tasted like sweet cantaloupe but strong enough to get you buzzed.  As for the lemon drop, it was soooo cool - they put some kinda sizzling dry ice or something in it so it looked like a volcano when it came out.  I sat there in awe for like 2 minutes just staring at the smoke come out of my drink! Then sipped on it and got buzzed 10 min after hahahhaha.  As for the entree, we ordered the rib eye medium rare, macaroni and cheese, and creamed corn.  I'm sad to say but I wasn't too impressed with the rib eye.  I felt like it was cooked in fire too high - the bone was completely charred.  Even though the inside was medium rare, the outside had bad burnt areas all around it.  And since we shared a plate, they brought out another plate for me, but it was soooo hot that when we put food on it, the oil kept splattering on me!!!  I mean granted it was a nice gesture, but I did not like how bits of oil kept splattering on my nice dress!  So anyhow, despite the slight disappointment in the steak, the macaroni and creamed corn TOTALLY made up for it.  The macaroni came out in a sizzling pan where the cheese would not stop ooozing when you tried to take a spoon full of it off....just the way I like it!!! I couldn't stop eating the side items that I probably would have rather eaten those as my meal rather than the steak itself!Anyhowl, I dont know if I'd come back for the steak, but I definitely appreciated the view, side items, and drinks.  Our bill came out to be $110 for 2 drinks, 2 side items, and 1 rib eye.  It was what we were expecting for a steakhouse at this caliber so not surprised.  I rounded up on the rating only because between the two of us, we shared the leftover mac and cheese and creamed corn the next day and still were satisfied :)Had a reservation for 3 for a business dinner (friends really).  Arrived on time but still waited in the bar for 30 minutes for a table.  OK though, had a cocktail and caught up.  The double lobster tail, and bone in filets were what we ordered, along with starter salads.  The quality of the ingredients was very good, the service was great, and the location is nothing to sneeze at.  Great bread too.  We were in the restaurant right by the entry to something called the birds nest I think.  Very open restaurant right by Aria in the CityCenter.  Great place with a big bill but that is expected.  The wine list is a bit out of hand.  I never mind spending good money on a great wine list, which it was, but the median price point was over the top.  I go to many nice business dinners so I have an idea what wines should go for and these were ridiculous in some cases.I will tell you that for the first time ever a restaurant manager called me the day after and left a message to make sure we enjoyed our dinner and that we would be back.  Nice touch since nobody every does that.  Mastros's is good everywhere and this location is no different.The ambiance was pretty rad. It's not you're usual dimly lit steakhouse. It's right in the middle of Crystal and very bright. I liked the modern decor and the live music was a nice touch. The service was great. The bathroom attendant made me feel like I was a a club. My bone-in filet (12ox) was tasty, but I personally miss the crisp edges and extra butter on the Ruth Chris' steak. The Mastro side dishes though, definitely beat Ruth Chris'. I loved the Truffled Gnocchi, Lobster Mash Potatoes, Sweet Potato Fries, and Oysters Rockefeller. My highlight of the night was the butter cake! Yummy!My friend treated me to dinner here for my birthday, and it was fabulous. I would've rated it as five stars, but I had a couple things that bothered me. First, we had a reservation, and came about 15 minutes early so we could grab a drink at the bar first. We checked in, but were not seated until about 20 minutes past our reservation. Not a big fan of having to wait that long past the reservation time. Second, I'm not a big fan of the dress code. It's supposed to be fine dining, and it is a beautiful restaurant. But, the fact that you see customers simply wearing t-shirts and jeans kind of ruins the whole thing. Other than that - all was dandy. Service was impeccable, but I would hope so considering the amount you pay to eat there. Food wise - we got oysters as appetizers. They were very fresh and tasted great. The clam chowder we ordered was decent, but nothing to rave about. I've had plenty of other clam chowders that easily beat the one at Mastro's. The steaks we ordered were cooked to perfection, and were complimented well by the sauteed mushrooms. Since it was my birthday - they did give us free chocolate cake, which was nice. Very light, fluffy, & moist. BUT, we did also order the warm butter cake, which I think most would agree is a must. Man, the chocolate cake was nothing in comparison. Overall, great place. Would definitely go back again, when I have the money to spare. And on a completely random note - they do serve Chilean Sea Bass at this establishment, which surprised me. This fish is known to be highly over fished and is on Seafood Watch's list of fish to avoid. Just thought I'd let you know.Who wouldn't love a restaurant that's positioned right next to Tiffany's??  Seriously.......I went for a company dinner so cannot attest to the price (although based on other Yelpers, the cost is quite steep!)  Started with a lovely bread basket with a wide variety of different breads, including "pretzel bread" which is quite similar to Joe's Stone Crab bread.  The bruschetta appetizer came next which was VERY oniony, but it's a good thing I'm a big fan of onions because I absolutely loved it.  Caesar salad was just so-so.Then the main course....I got the mahi mahi in this fancy butter sauce which was excellent, but not as good as my husband's salmon (I almost stole his plate it WAS THAT GOOD).  The fish portions were very large and filling.  Sides for the table included creamy mashed potatoes and creamed spinach.  The spinach was a little salty for my taste, but not grainy at all.Dessert was cheesecake with whipped cream and berries which was creamy and decadent...A+ even though I was completely full I ate the whole thing.Would I return to Mastros?  Absolutely.  Wonderful ambience and GREAT salmon.....after all it is an "ocean club" so the fish has to be good right?  Cheers!Actually 4.5, but not a choice here.So good! They know steak. The ahi tuna plate was delicious as well. Mac and cheese was sinful. I also had the Ceasar salad, mushrooms, garlic mashed potatoes and butter cake for dessert. Everything was great, but the steak, ahi and mac and cheese were phenomenal. The place is cool. We sat in the tree dome looking section. It's also nice to have Tiffany's and Louis V. right next door.Our table was up against another seating booth which I didn't like. I don't like strangers so close to me, especially when I'm eating. Don't want to listen to them and I'm sure they don't want to listen to me. Service was decent, but they were busy.We stopped by at Mastro's for our Valentines Day Dinner last night.  When we arrived we were sat inside their Treehouse.....a fairly unique dining experience.  The Treehouse is their main dining area which is shaped like a Treehouse that overlooks the center of the Crystals' Mall.For starters, we ordered their stone crabs abd lobser bisque.....both were very average.   The bisque was watery....not very thick and rich.For our entrees, we had the sea bass and rack of lamb....both very flavorful and super tasty.  For sides, we had their creamed corn and lobster truffled gnocci....both were extremely, extremely rich (too much cream and truffled cheese).....but very flavorful.For desert, we had their famous butter pound cake with ice cream and chocolate starwberrries......the cake was very average......I can get more flavorful pound cake at Safeway...the chocolate strawberries were good, but nothing spectacular.The service was average at best.   Overall, the food was good, not great. One extra star for the cool treehouse dining experience.The lobster mashed potatoes is absolutely delish!  We came here on a Wednesday night and there was live music which was pretty cool.  We ordered Kumomoto oysters and the scallops for appetizers and share the bone-in filet and the mashed potatoes.  Everything was delish and our server was super attentive.  Will definitely go back.When in Vegas, you gotta do it right and Mastro's is well...doing it right.Mastro's Ocean Club is owned by the same very popular chain steakhouses but focuses more on a seafood selection. It's located right in the Crystals shopping center in City Center. I came here with a group of 9 and we were able to be seated in the treehouse (ballin!). Food was great. I had the bone in ribeye and but also nibbled on a chilean sea bass as well. Both were delicious. The sides rocked as well with the wasabi mashed potatoes being my favorite. Overall a great dining experience, highly recommend!Solid American, good steaks, but really, this place shines for dessert. Namely the Butter Cake.It weighs seemingly 8 lbs. Two people would be hard pressed to finish it, especially if you just ate a huge steak.Pricey dinner, but large portions and good food.  Great service, fantastic location if you sit in the "tree house".  Live music often and usually very crowded.To me just the architecture of the place alone is magnificent. First time I visited the City Center I was blown away by this very spectacular  structure. When I found out there is a restaurant inside I knew I have to try it.On one of my visits to Sin City I was lucky enough to experience the remarkable dinning from above.We shared the Chopped salad. Yeah, you are thinking "out of the colorful selection, really?" But it was marvelous. So flavorful and fresh. And then Rack of lamb medium rare followed. Ahhhh,,,,, it came on super hot plate the whole rack in one piece. We cut through the meat which was on rare side and finish cooking it on the hot plate. The result  flavor of the dish was beyond extraordinary. Best rack of lamb ever.Atmosphere great, music decent, waiters nice and well knowledge  of menu and wine.This place does steak right. Also been to the one in the valley and just perfectionThanks to the Mad Hattrix's mouth-watering review of the pretzel bread, Mastro's became my top choice of the perfect Vegas steakhouse to celebrate my steak-loving boyfriend's birthday.Knowing that the restaurant is located in Crystals--a shopping arcade (mall is far too down-market to describe this place) featuring Tiffany, Cartier, and LV--I had a feeling this would be an expensive celebration, and it was, but well worth it.Our table in the treehouse wasn't ready when we arrived, so we sat at the bar and ordered a drink. I thought I was prepared for Vegas prices, but I was wrong. Martinis that cost $18?! But when in Rome ...As our bartender raised the shaker to pour the martini into the oversize martini glass, I noticed that the cocktail shaker itself was about one and half times the size of your regular shaker. That's right, we got about three generous martinis out of that one shaker. Unfortunately, we'd each ordered a martini, which is why the rest of my review will be a bit vague.This Mastro's features a variety of seafood, and you can create your own seafood tower appetizer, even if it's only for one. We passed on a seafood appetizer and ordered a very good Caesar salad, followed by a bone-in rib eye for him and a bone-in filet mignon for me. Our waitress also sold us on the lobster mashed potatoes--1 1/4 pounds of lobster chunks folded into buttery mashies--so we enjoyed some seafood too.Between the monster martini and the addictive pretzel bread (soft with a slightly chewy exterior, sprinkled with salt), I had a hard time saving room for the entree and ended up taking half of it home. But it was one of the best filets I've ever had. Although I love the tenderness of filet mignon, I typically prefer the flavor of a rib eye. Both were excellent, even as leftovers.The restaurant provided a complimentary slice of chocolate cake to mark the occasion. And although it would have been nice if they'd given us their famous butter cake, which they'd talked up, it didn't really matter because I was too full to have even one bite.I guess I'll just have to go back for more pretzel bread and that butter cake. But next time, I'll definitely share a martini--and maybe remember a few more details.Terrific steak, the lobster mashed potatoes were great. The best part was the butter cake dessert. You must try it....amazing. I would give it five stars if it had better ambiance....it's in the middle of a mall.Landed in Vegas and went on a mad hunt for a place to eat with the boyfriend. Wandered into Aria and found this swanky little place. Went to see if they had any tables open. About a 30 minute wait so we decided to do open seating at the bar. We ordered the mussels for appetizer, scallops for the main dish (for me) and steak for the mr. The mussels and the scallops were a little too salty for me, but the texture of the scallops was cooked perfectly. I also felt like I was eating the same thing with my main dish because the scallops came on slices of bread which was the same type of bread that was served to us for appetizer. The portion was quite generous though. The bf and I were trying to guess how many I'd get. I thought maybe 2 big pieces, and he thought maybe 3 moderately sized pieces. The dish came with 5 moderately sized pieces. The boyfriend's 12oz filet, however, was on a whole different level, and I couldn't stop eating his food. Juicy, tender, not overcooked (he got medium rare). It was the best steak the both of us have ever had. Seriously, TRY THE STEAK!Overall, I really enjoyed my meal but be prepared for a different ambiance! The restaurant is literally in the middle of the mall, with the tables pretty much out in the open. Not a huge deal, but definitely not ideal. I had the mambo salad (spicy caesar salad with no croutons), 8 oz. Petite filet and cheese cake for dessert. The filet was perfectly prepared, served on a burning hot plate that sizzled and continued to cook the sides of creamed corn, spinach and garlic mashed potatoes. Our table also shared the steamed mussels appetizer, which was excellent! Highly recommended!Let's begin with, this location is in the middle of a mall.. which alot of other reviewers have brought up i know - but it's the main reason for 4 stars instead of 5. It does get a bit loud and the view is of a shopping mall.. a high-end shopping mall, but still. Not my ideal view for a such an awesome spot. It is what it is though!The room itself is very nice, lots of seating, lively atmosphere, great looking staff. I have been a couple of times now and the service is always great when I have gone and the food spectacular. I have ben to Ocean Club a couple of times, but this most recent visit was a dinner of 'Dungeoness Crab Cocktail', 'Ribeye' and '10 oz Ahi Sashimi' . We shared everything with a side of sauteed spinach .. and a few martinis. :) I loved was the personal style serving from the individual pans that the food items were seemingly prepared in. The service staff has always been very pleasant and makes the experience very comfortable. The Ahi was fantastic with a really beautiful presentation laid out on a long plate with a finish of a really tasty sauce. The ribeye was prepared expertly, perfect medium rare with still  a beautiful grill flavor. The spinach was .. spinach, sauteed.. but was excellent nonetheless! haha.. I was having such a great time and enjoying the vibe of the place overall. There was a piano player in the corner of the room playing standards and old-school vegas tunes.. Sinatra and the like. It gave a beautiful feel to an elegant style dinner. My friends and I aren't the most refined diners, but we know how to have a good time, and Maestro's made us feel welcome within that setting.Now don't get me wrong... this ain't your downtown steakhouse with a $4.99 steak special.. you WILL drop a pretty penny to have some seriously tasty grub.. but I do believe it's worth it.  At over $150 a head when we dined there last, it was worth the money but definitely be ready for a big bill. It's nearly unavoidable. Have a great time, and happy eating!Insane collection of meat and seafood. I guess you can find stuff to nibble on here, but why? Epic portions of well prepared seafood and meat. A wagyu bone-in rib-eye doesn't come by very often. Holy jeez what a fantastic steak! I actually could not stop eating it. With the surf accompaniment of a grilled lobster tail - I was like in food Valhalla! And although they claim the restaurant in in a tree-house in the middle of a money mall, the caliber of the food let me overlook the pretentious vibe for the most part! Not for the penny-pincher!!!The boyfriend decided to make a dinner reservation here for my birthday. He had to keep adding people to our reservation but they were accommodating and allowed our changes.The place is located in the middle of Crystals, the shopping center at City Center. We arrived on time for our reservation but they did not have our table ready so we grabbed some drinks at the bar. There was live piano playing and singing so it was a pleasant wait.Dinner was good and the service was good.I got the bone-in rib-eye and it was good. It was tender, juicy and flavorful.Sides:

I think the most popular thing here is the TCT - which is essentially just a quesadilla. You can add meat, veggies and beans to make it a little more filling but it's massive - served on a huge pizza pan over a lit candle to keep it warm. You gotta try it at least once. Most people get it as an app but if you're hungry enough, try it as your entree.My favorite thing on the menu is Pollo con Espinaca which is grilled chicken in a spicy cream cheese and jack cheese mixture with spinach. It's creamy, spicy, warm and so incredibly delicious. I've tried to replicate it at home but just can't get quite right. It's served with the flour tortillas and the typical sides-beans and rice. For sure try this if you're looking for something a little more adventurous than a chimichanga (which, by the way, are pretty amazing too).The restaurant itself is older and not in the greatest shape. It's got lots of seating - both booths and tables and if they're busy enough they even open up the back area which is kind of a cool spot to eat.

I've heard local media accounts of downtown residents complaining of the noise from all the clubs, concerts, stages, etc. and I now have sympathy for them.

The standouts;

Above average bar food.

Every dish was wonderfully flavorful and I'd recommend each one.I can't speak for too many things on the menu here, as every time I've been here I'm seduced by the moules et frites. They aren't my favorite rendition in town, but they are deliciously, classically prepared, with plenty of golden, crispy fries (which will inevitably be snitched by your dining companions who've made other choices). On our last visit we also indulged in the cheese board, and the only problem with that is having to choose which of the many cheese selections to include (my favorite was the Ewe Calf to be Kidding). Of course, for the beer drinkers, there is a long list to choose from, but for those of us who prefer wine, the selection isn't half bad, either.Great beer, great food, service was very kind. When I asked to test a tap-beer I'd never had the server was more than happy to oblige. Definitely recommend this particularly if you are a fan of Belgium ales.The beer selection is amazing! They have specific glassware from the maker for every beer I have had there. The mussels are really good and come with a huge thing of frites. Definitely have to share unless you are starving. The bartenders are really good with selections if you are overwhelmed by the 4-5 page beer list. They have some of the common beers from around town but I find it much more exciting to get a little adventurous. I highly recommend trying one of the two sour beers listed. I had bigger expectations for the goat cheese salad and it almost pushed me to a three star but I realized we didn't go there for a salad we went for the beer, mussels, and deviled eggs! All of which were spot on!Yum! Brasserie V is definitely an exciting new option for me!We spent some time waiting for a table at the bar. What an incredible beer menu! I mean, dang! Luckily, server Josh was there to guide my dining companions and I. I definitely look forward to going back just to try more! Oh, and half off beers on Thursdays.On to food... Apple Swiss sandwich was good, but not as great as similar sandwiches I've had in Madison, like Graze's Farmer John. Frites with garlic aioli were freakin' delicious!One of my companions had the three daily sliders, which were all very good- juicy, flavorful, with well-curated toppings.The other had the turkey sandwich, which she wasn't wild about. It had pretty slippery ingredients, which made it a little tough to eat.Service was slow-ish, but it was a pretty busy night, and we weren't in a rush.Overall, I look forward to going back and trying some more beers and foods!Avocado BLT or the Brasserie burger. Can't go wrong. Amazing frites.

Service: 3 stars (great, but slooww)Here's a bit of irony: Eat here, drink here, but don't get the margaritas...The food here rocks. I visit Waterloo every few months, and have been to Margaritas a number of times - and each time marveled at how good the food is. I've tried numerous things, but here are my top choices, in no particular order: the Mole Chicken, Enchiladas (don't miss the chorizo one! - although the rest of the options are great too), the Tacos are superb,  and the Guacamole is perfect.To put my review in a bit of perspective, I'm from the Southeastern US - we have Mexican restaurants on every corner (both cheap, authentic places and some upscale versions) - and I adore Mexican food. Margarita's wins above all of them for authentic, beautifully prepared, delicious Mexican cuisine.The downfall: the margaritas are actually terrible here. I've had one good one, four horrible ones and stopped trying after that. The upside is that the Sangria is great, and they've gone plenty of other beverage choices in the beer and wine they offer. Stick with anything but one of their margaritas.I hate to see the other mediocre reviews, because I really do hope this place stays around. I'm a loyal (out of town) patron!My wife and recently came back from a California vacation, where we experienced amazing burritos at a place in Escondido, and so we wanted to see what was available locally that would come close. This place indeed does come very close. The food is delicious and very authentic. We actually chose take-out, which they also do, but I realized based on the atmosphere in the restaurant that we would also have enjoyed dining in. My only negative point is around the value for the money: they should either increase portion sizes somewhat, or reduce prices. $14 for a burrito, even though it was great, is a little steep for its size. We would definitely go back, though.Great selection for home brewing. Very nice chick that runs it.Great place to stock up on beer brewing supplies and take a newbie wine or beer class!The BF and I were on a mission for hops. He's doing a reddit "bomb" and the person who he was gifting was big into homebrewing. The girl helping us was really helpful with talking about the hops and breaking the flavor profiles, answering our questions. We decided to get a few packets of hops to send along with cigars. While we were here for a gift, it sparked our interest that perhaps we should actually use the homebrewing equipment we have. We have so many interests and somehow this was one thing that got put aside for another project. If you don't want to learn to brew on your own, they offer classes here for beer or wine. It's a $60 class where you make the beer one session, then come back when it's ready to bottle it. The one cool thing is that it's not $60 each person, this is $60 for each brew class. So if you want to brew a batch with a few friends, you're welcome to have up to 4 or 5 people.  They start you off easier with using a extract as the main for your brew and you can add a bit of flavoring, hops, etc than have to cook the grains and brew from a mash.Of course if you want to grab equipment and try your hand at home, they would walk you through it. I told her we have gear and she said we're more than welcome to bring it all in and have her explain what to do with each item and guide us through the ingredients we need for a batch.Pretty solid brew store. It's neatly laid out, they have a good supply of hops, yeasts, and bulk bins and packages of grains and flavorings as well as items for wine making and soda as well. The customer service was really friendly and thorough with information. Apparently it's a father daughter team at the store and I assume the girl helping us was the daughter. We will be back. Whether it's coming for the class or for ingredients, I should definitely use our brew gear and try our hand at it.Great place to meet your brewing needs. They have a large selection of equipment and ingredients and always have a bunch of different brews going in the back. The staff here is very friendly as well.I am giving it a 4 stars because rhe receptionist was not the friendliest.  She was to busy flirty in with a guy of her tenure!

By the way coffee was ok.While everyone was falling all over themselves for the crab legs & peeled shrimp, I was going bonkers in the two areas designated for desserts (the most important part of the meal.) After a few pumpkin macarons, a scoop of caramola (i think the name was) gelato, a deliciously chewy chocolate chip cookie & some raspberry mousse, I threw in the towel & resigned all thoughts of partaking in the "Make Your Own Crepe" station. A girl's gotta draw the line somewhere if a girl wants to fit into her clothes.The savory portion of my meal was as impressive as the sweet treats. I tried three types of fish (salmon, red snapper & seabass), which were *the best* buffet fish I've ever tried. Not dry nor were they drenched in sauce; each bite was a gift to my tastebuds from the Flavor Fairy. Green beans, mashed potatoes, cheese stuffed pasta, even the french onion soup--none of these items were run-of-the-mill buffet items. The Wynn's got something so many buffets are missing: attention to detail & quality ingredients. The bf & the rest of the guys loaded up on protein: lamb chops, pork chops, prime rib, jerk chicken, chicken picatta, & the above mentioned split crab legs dipped in clarified buttah. So many cuisines were represented. The Wynn buffet is clean & organized with fresh, new food being brought out constantly. Items are clearly marked. Plenty of seating. About $40 per person for Friday night dinner. (Unlimited bloody marys, mimosas, etc can be bought for only $7 more.)Still one of my favorite buffets in Vegas. As with any buffet, there are things that you can skip, and things that they are simply awesome. In terms of food, these guys at the Wynn know how to cook their prime rib, shrimp cocktail, chinese dishes, and all the bacon-based breakfast dishes. I would say the best part about Wynn is still their dessert selection, ranging from home made ice cream, warm bread pudding, different kinds of cakes, brownies, cream puffs, among others...You can spend the $35 and just have dessert and get your money's worth. The ambiance is great! Super clean, bright environment, and usually it doesn't get too hectic. Definitely try this place if you've never been!Some things to watch for is that If you're there for brunch, don't do any of their egg dishes - usually either too runny or the egg benedict's wayy over cooked. The french toast is pretty bad as well. I'm not a big fan of their Italian section too...way too much pasta and not enough of the main ingredients...Yes, the Wynn Buffet is perhaps the most expensive buffet along the Strip, but it's also one of two Vegas buffets that's worthwhile visiting.  First and foremost, it's a buffet where the air isn't rank with oil and grease.  On the contrary, it's beautifully decorated and very welcoming.  Second, the Wynn Buffet offers more unique selections than any other buffet.  Think racks of lamb and congee.  Third, it's ingredients are higher quality than the other buffets.  Fourth, this is one buffet where you won't feel nauseous afterward from the the food.  Of course, I agree that there is much to be desired from its waitstaff.  Order two drinks because you probably won't get refills.  Although I didn't have any complaints for management, I can see how others will have difficulty locating somebody to complain to.  Nonetheless, there is no other buffet that I'd rather go than the Wynn.  P.S. They serve Coke Zero.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]WOW!~As soon as you walk into the entrance, you're greeted with pillars of beautiful, fresh FLOWERS!  Oh the COLORS!~Pricey, yes.  Worth it?  OH YES!  After paying to enter and leaving a tip, my husband and I were out $90 or so (He's a large tipper, so it might not cost you as much).~The  entree selection wasn't bad......

All in all, Rhythm Kitchen is a good meal and a good time!Sat on the lounge side for happy hour.  Good happy hour specials. The service was excellent with the bartender/waitress being on top of her game.I have been coming here a few times for lunch every time that I have friends that fly in.

Date visited: 2008-07-07I have never ventured past Bellagio's beautiful gardens, but I was broke and bored so I did some exploring.What do I see? A HUGE chocolate fountain! Okay, you've got my attention. Pastries, ice cream and fancy cakes galore! I had just eaten more than I should at the Bellagio Buffet, so I just grabbed some chocolate covered pretzels for the plane ride back home and a post card of the chocolate fountain (to show off to my friends).Next time, before I go the buffet, I will definitely try either a crepe or a pastry... and of course more chocolate.A few side notes: I like the bag they put your goodies in. hehe If you ask for ice water, they give you a real cup with a lid! Not some dinky plastic cup where you barely get a gulp.I had the Imperial. A creme brulee covered with chocolate and a crunchy wafer. I have to admit that it was certainly a special dessert.  Not too sweet and very rich. It costed almost seven dollars. You get a cute plastic plate and a gold plastic fork. Expect awful service. There are several lines, all of which is for a specific purpose. You start off in one line to order then you go to another to pay. The girls behind the counter are young and inexperienced. As we finished eating the last bite of our dessert, one of the young girls came over to our table which is rather far away from the patisserie itself, apologized and swiped everything off the table.  I didn't even get a chance to wipe my mouth with the napkin. She threw it away before we even had a chance to clean up.  Also, this place gets more crowded as it gets later.Tried the souffle crepe here.. it was pretty good!  Good chocolate. It was a better than average crepe.  The whipped cream however, was very mediocre.  The chocolate sauce used wasn't the best I've ever had. I'd rate the chocolate a 4.  My friend also tried it, but she though it was more on the mediocre side. They don't have chocolate fondue here.  They don't have chocolate fondant here. The best chocolate shops always have something to wow me... just crepes, gelato, coffee, smoothies, milkshakes..  nothing you won't find elsewhere in America.  They do have bottles you can buy to MAKE chocolate fondue yourself.. but for the lazy there aren't any options.From all the reviews and hype I somehow expected this place to be really big, but it's not. It's the size of a thumb!The first night, I tried the carrot cake because it looked absolutely beautiful and a Yelper below raved about it. Really, Courtney E? Maybe the quality control isn't great here, but this cake was not even *good*. I mean, it tasted like my 8th grade [public school] cafeteria. The carrot figurine was made with something nasty like fondant, or oh maybe cardboard. The white chocolate was sickeningly sweet, and the carrot cake center was way too rich. Cheesecake frosting was all right. I went back the next night (some people go to Vegas to party, I go to eat whatever not-disgusting things I can find, OKAY?) and got the gelato. Now we're talking! It feels so wrong for gelato to be that good. The dulce de leche is truly amazing, perfect balance of creamy and caramel-y, and the mango sorbet is fantastically bursting with mango flavor.Bought a small box of truffles to take home (to the boyfriend who hates me. After falling off my bike and getting scraped up, I received not sympathy but "Why are you such a pussy?") Now I understand where Jean Philippe earns his reputation. Such chocolate, with perfect flavors like rich pistachio and smooth coconut. My only ask is that they make them with dark chocolate (although I suppose you have to sell to stupid tourists, because why would anyone truly cool spend their free time & money going to Vegas?)Wow..This place is so cool!! That chocolate fountain was huge and the inside was really beautiful! The dessert was really really good!! Minus 1 star for the rude girl who was working.The lines here are long and can get messy and confusing.If you're patient enough to wait, Try the CHEESECAKE! I bought one for the ride home and wish I had bought 10 =(This place is magical.. the boyfriend and I visited on our trip last weekend, and were very delighted. Obviously this shop has many over priced packaged candies and chocolates, but the freshly made tarts and treats are only about $6.50, and they're definitely filling! They also have a wide variety of tasty, creamy gelato to choose from too (also reasonably priced.)The boyfriend got "Intense" which was a dark chocolate mousse covered in a dark chocolate ganache. Oooh divine! There's nothing bad to say about this. At all. Ever. I got the Key Lime Tart. It had a white chocolate top, with some kind of lime flavored whipped cream, and tangy/sweet lime curd, and at the bottom was a shortbread cookie. I strongly suggest if you have a sweet tooth, and are looking for something exquisite, try and stop by here on your trip to Vegas.(Did i mention the gigantic waterfall of chocolates? It's beautiful!)on yelp Ben F. found this marvelous place of chocolate fallin from the ceiling and i made it a MUST to stop by bellagio to check it out! as our last stop before we had to head home we came here. if you selfpark you walk in make a LEFT and it will be on your right side if you valet you walk straight pass the check in make a left and then a right down all the way and it will be on ur right....just follow the smell of sweet chocolate and the sight of gelato, crepes, frozen/hot drinks, lil desserts and seriously a CHOCOLATE WATERFALL!i admit i was a little dissappointed to see how small the place was but still very happycarolyn c: hannah!! look at the chocolate

My husband tried the all american and it was quality.THE TRUFFLE FRIES WERE FABULOUS AND I AM NOT A FRY PERSON!Good deal for a high quality burger on the strip! Glad we went, might be back, might not.ALSO THE BURGERS WERE BEAUTIFUL, LOOKED LIKE THE PICTURE, AND THE TRUFFLE FRIES ARE BIG ENOUGH TO SPLIT BETWEEN 2 PEOPLE! VERY FILLING!Our bill was $44 for 2 burgers, 1 truffle fries, and 2 waters... fyiEverytime I do a review I can never stop wishing for a guideline.  When you've been so many places it so hard to not compare and to completely concentrate on one place.  Here we go again...Never would I have ever thought a place could have TOO muh customer service. Our server was nice, very talkative and probably checked in on us 4 times too many.  Yes better more than none at all but it was almost annoying. I read the other reviews and the ipads we didn't have to deal with that and this crazy long wait everyone speaks of did not exist at midnight on a Saturday Las Vegas night.  The food: The fries 3 people can share them with a meal.  The cheese on them was very heavy with taste.  The chicken wings were yummy, although I prefer sweet over spicy here the spicy worked better.  I had the Britannia burger and my friend had the burger with the fried egg so I was able to enjoy a taste of it.  Yes the burgers were good...very gourmet flavor with fusions of flavors for your pallett.  are there better burgers on the strip? Yes.  Quality of meat, presentation, service and decor you won't get better elsewhere.  So if you want to be trendy and full with a tasty meal this is the place to be.Loved this place! The wait was a bit long, but it was rush hour around lunchtime so it made sense. Around a 30 minute wait. Doesn't make a difference when you can walk around Planet Hollywood and shop for a bit. Ordered the American burger and the Parmesan fries. DELICIOUS. Loved both and even though the burger is relatively small, it's still filling. Will definitely return one day.I had the Hells burger and it was great. Onion rings were not crispy enough and seemed very salty I will not order those again and try something different. Like a lot of others have said it takes a long time to get your order about 45 min!!! Decor is neat and I will be back!Hell's Kitchen burger=good! Euro burger= great! We had the oreo shake which was to die for. This place is great. It was rather pricey but normal for the las vegas strip. I did get the euro burger and I loved the goat cheese and truffle oil on it. I would recommend this place to anyone for lunch. Enjoy!Not sure how long Burgr has existed, but I only first got to try it yesterday for the first time.  Very good burger, but I dunno if it's worth the line that was building up when we finished eating.  Service was slow, but according to our server Tuesdays are like that.    My burger was top notch, the sweet potato fries were perfect, and there was a lot of good looking servers.  What's not to like, other than the pricetag?Sexy waitress...definitely eye candy for the all the Man out there.

If you are a coffee drinker who cherishes an outstanding selection of syrups, I recommend Saxby's.Very helpful when seeking info on the proper ink for my old printer thank you againStaff here are ALWAYS helpful.  I have been coming here for about 5 years now.  Staff has basically been the same and always someone who is actually willing to help you and answer questions.... no matter what.You are important to them - at least that is the feel I get.  But, they do know me as I shop there a lot.Nice office max though.Located inside Bally's.  This place would get 4 stars, but the service was absolutely horrid.  We waited 20 minutes for a table, and there were plenty available.  And I mean PLENTY.  Our waiter took forever to do anything, but at least the food was yummy.  Since this was one of the only places that served breakfast in the afternoon, I was gladly ready to eat there after waking up with a killer hangover.  I ordered a traditional breakfast with eggs, bacon, wheat toast and hash browns.  Orange juice was $3, which made me squeak a bit, but then I remembered that I was in Las Vegas.  Greasy breakfast food good, shitty customer service baaaad.Keno and Brunch - go hand in hand?This place is good if you go here once in a while.  But dont try the 3 days in a consecutive row - you will get tired of it REAL fast.I think no matter what time you get down there, there will be a line to go in.  But the wait isn't horrible - about 10 mins or so.  The brunch is okay.  Typical pancakes, waffles, eggs, beacon, etc.  The coffee is pretty good.  The staff is okay, nothing to write home.  They are just there to do their job.  However, playing Keno is a pain.  It took us like 20 mins until the Keno waitress came over and took our numbers, so that meant another 15 mins wait for the actual numbers.Fairly typical casino coffee shop.  The service level we received was decent, and the breakfast was quite tasty.  I opted for the Eggs Benedict, and washed it down with some coffee and freshly squeezed OJ.  We were there right at 8am and the wait was only 10 minutes or so.  Food came out in fairly quick fashion as well so overall, not too shabby.  If I happen to be back inside Bally's again I'll most likely grab another bite to eat at the Sidewalk Cafe.Wow. I've been to a lot of casino cafes, so I wasn't expecting much. We were pleasantly surprised this weekend when we ate at Bally's Sidewalk Cafe. We ordered the corned beef hash. It was freshly made, hot, and delicious. 'more of a combo of leftover meats- pastrami, steak, etc. and they used hash browns instead of diced potatoes. Otherwise, the waffles were excellent, coffee refills quick and often. All in all an enjoyable experience.For what this place is, it's very good. They have an $11 breakfast buffet that's among the cheapest on the Strip, and the selection isn't bad. I've also been here for lunch, and I found the food to be pretty good and very low-priced compared to similar cafes around Vegas. Highly recommended.My sister and I shared the salmon platter for breakfast, and it was incredible. This is not your typical Vegas Buffet, so we ordered off the menu. Pleasantly surprised , as this place was unassuming. The fresh squeezed orange juice was delicious!Reasonably priced for being inside a hotel. The food is decent but service is not so great. Still a good place to eat.Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2015 #9 - #365A classic Vegas favorite that's soon to close because Caesar's Palace has filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy. It's a pity that Caesar's Entertainment has nothing but bad news for their deteriorating resorts and layoffs to come. I'm glad to have had my last breakfast here as it will be the last of the classic affordable Vegas eats on the strip.My Dad was a Platinum Casino Rewards member so fortunately we didn't have to wait in the long line. Service was speedy and our waitress was very attentive with refilling our drinks. You had an option to eat on the buffet or order on their menu. Food was just average as well as the prices. It didn't break the bank at all. From the buffet I had scrambled eggs, bacon and some toast. Nothing over the top just the basic breakfast eats. The rest of my family just ordered from the menu and I wish I had done the same thing because their buffet had really limited selection. It was just like eating at your typical Denny's American Diner with some keno on the side. But unfortunately it will all be demolished for a new eatery with increase prices.A group of 5 of us went here on a Tuesday night and I had the fish stew, which was amazing. The margarita special was also a plus. Service was good (chips and salsa kept coming).McDonald's is getting a bad rap here, I can see.  Yeah, it's not the best one out there, but it's not the worst.   Ive only been here for breakfast, so that's what im basing my review on.  I use the drive-thru.. maybe that works too.  I get my usual vanilla iced coffee and oat meal in the mornings and have never been disappointed.  The girl at the pay window always seems friendly and has is smiling all the time.  The girl who gives me my food is the same way.  Only time I've had problems was this morning when the manager of all people, didnt give me my spoon!! serious!!!..  just kidding.  It's McDonalds.. not a 5 star restaurant..  :)Blis (located in Founder's Hall in uptown Charlotte) is a great place for a last minute card or gift.  I went in and made a birthday gift basket for my mom and she loved it!  The only word of caution is that it is a bit pricey (not unlike any other gift shop of its kind).  The ladies that work in the store are very nice and their giftwrapping skills are wonderful! You definitely won't go in and leave empty-handed!I agree with the girls - great place for a last minute gift! Also a great place to wander around if you've got some time to spare. It's a very cute shop with all sorts of items to look at, such as signs that say "I Kiss Better Than I Cook", cocktail napkins with funny sayings (see pic) and all sorts of candles, lotions and tabletop items. It would be very hard to leave here empty handed! And the staff is very friendly and accomodating. Be sure to check out their jewelry; although a small selection, what they've got is great and reasonably priced. I saw a great pair of earrings for $20. Happy shopping!Blis is  a great little store in Founder's Hall with an eclectic selection of items for last minute gifts or for hard-to-shop-for folks. Ware ranges from candles to jewelry to funny napkins/cards to baby items.  You can honestly find something for anyone in here (including North Carolina specific foods and dip mixes in the back corner).For those who've been, it's a bit like Paper Skyscraper but on a smaller scale and with less edgy items. Another plus is that they gift wrap for free, which helps those who tend to shop five minutes before the event is supposed to start. Two small things to note - the items can be a bit pricey, and the parking can be difficult if you're not already uptown for work. But when factoring in the convenient location and the fact that they wrap gifts for you, the few extra dollars is totally worth it.What a great spot to have in Uptown Charlotte when you're in need of a great gift, or treat, from cards, candles to toys, jewelry and a lot more. They recently relocated to expand the store and they now offer even more specialty items. I was in hunt for a farewell gift for a friend/co-worker and loved the selection.

Build your own: 1 stack (3.99) ur choice of batter, I chose Buttermilk for simplicity. Added toppings ur choice, I chose Blueberries for antioxidants and anti aging ;) (1.00)

The best prime rib deal in Las Vegas from what I know

Berry soufflé

Service was okay, we had a little bit of a misunderstanding during the ordering process, but they really did a good job of trying to make up for it.

Chocolate ball- excellent presentation but uninspiring delivery. paired with Riesling that my wife enjoyed.Overall- Service was excellent and attentive, bread was great, but overall while everything was good, aside from the tenderloin, nothing left us glad we dropped $300 for 2.Whimsical, intimate, and vibrant environment and decor. Fun, personable, and knowledgeable wait staff. Exquisite food with lovely wine pairings. These are the reasons why Le Cirque is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. This was our second visit, and although not the best night to sit down for a three course tasting meal (we had just arrived from the East coast and metabolism was at 11 PM in that time zone), we soon forgot it was our bed time.You can't hep but have fun here. The wait staff is attentive and knowledgeable, yes. But, what I like is the exuberance and friendliness of this restaurant. I enjoy good food, but an evening is sometimes dampened with too much stuffiness. Not here! I started with the lobster and avocado salad and followed it with the "symphony" of rabbit paired with spatlese on the side. The chef's sauce for this dish had me wanting to lick the bowl. Julia Child would be jealous. The spatlese was a miss for me- not reminiscent of the German kind; it was bland and dry, and it didn't add anything to the rabbit.

Or is just this warm 'smores cake-in-a-jar?A vanilla creme brûlée, delicate and fragrant.We fade out to Bush's "Glycerine."Tl;dr: a glorious hodgepodge of cultural cluster, too tasteful to be random.If this is what we're calling New American... bring it on, New America.This is a really cute space. From my recollection of the prior iteration of the restaurant, it does not look much different. Decent sized bar, cozy interior, nice patio seating in front and back. I agree with the review stating that more cocktail options would be appreciated. I would also like to see a few more by-the-glass wine options on the happy hour menu. I tried the Uptown Girl, which was light and refreshing but not terribly memorable. The menu is a somewhat odd ethnic mix. My friends tried the steamed buns and spare ribs and seemed to like them. The burrata appetizer was really good, with toasted fig bread. The crispy cauliflower was tasty but not at all crispy (the waiter said it is supposed to be lightly fried and crispy). The sugar snap peas were really good, but drowned in too much sauce. The pibil tacos were also tasty, but cannot compete with those at Barrio Queen right down the street.The server was helpful and friendly, without being cloying. They were very nice about turning on the patio heater when I got cold. Not sure this spot will end up in my regular rotation, but definitely worth checking out.I read that this was voted one of the best new restaurants for 2014. We arrived and it was quite a scene, which I like. A lot of pretty people. We had reservations and were seated right away. After that, however , the service was quite slow. We waited quite a long time for our food. I have to say it was worth the wait. Everything we had was delicious. We had the Chinese ribs to start and they had a nice charred flavor and fell of the bone. After that we had the farro salad, sweet snap peas and fried chicken. The salad was fresh, clean and light. The snap peas were tossed in a nice spicy sauce with a nice grilled flavor. The fried chicken was the best. Nicely seasoned and the crust was deliciously crunchy. When we got our bill, the manager personally delivered it to us and apologized for the delay and thanked us for our patience. With that he gave us a very nice discount on our bill. That's the way to to create customer satisfaction. I will definitely be back.Met friends for drinks and dinner.   Love the decor of the place.My friends were glowing about the food.  I didn't like sitting out back on the patio at night since it is so poorly lit.  There was one string of christmas lights barely draped over a corner of the very long table seating about 10 people.  When they brought the food and said what was in each bowl, I guess I had to take their word because I couldn't see anything.. not appealing to me.  Would be fine to sit out there at night for drinks or during daylight.... or after they hire a lighting designer to make it more appealing. Drinks and service were outstanding.My old roommate, Sarah, and I were super excited to try this place so we brought our boyfriends and went for the full experience; we were ready to spend some money. We didn't make reservations which I suggest doing because they were packed! Luckily they were able to fit us in. We started with some drinks, Sarah and I went with the Uptown Girl. We both loved it! The boys had beers. Then to share, we went with the Crispy Confit Duck Wings and Fried Cajun Oysters. They were both very tasty, however, when you split with three other people, you only get like one duck wing and a fried oyster or two. I wish there was a little more to go around!For the entrees I ordered the Southern Fried Picnic Chicken, which the server told me was a hit and a favorite. He was right. It was SO freakin' good. It was hard to give up a bit for people to try. I highly recommend ordering that. The rest of the table order the Seared Wild Salmon and Miso Vegan Ramen. Everyone seemed to enjoy their dishes but were envious of my order. As for the sides, we got some Hand Cut Fries, Crispy Cauliflower, and Charred Shishitos. All turned out yummy!I'll be headed back in the future, hopefully to try out their happy hour!Went to the Upton based on yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint.  We didn't have reservations and were seated at a very nice table outside on the patio.  No attitude, no wait, just friendly hostesses.  I really enjoyed the ambiance and loved the graffiti wall.  We shared the "mason jar" chopped salad and it was very flavorful.  Next we split the salmon and enjoyed it very much.  It was crispy on the outside and perfectly cooked.  We also shared an order of fries....ummmm, delish!  They cook them in duck fat and wow!!!   The service was terrific. Samantha was an awesome waitress.  Our water was always filled and everyone was very friendly and attentive.  We will definitely be back.The Upton is a really cute that has a good vibe and great patio seating. Our server was a bit quirky but it made our experience entertaining. The Manager was really nice and gave us a voucher for two free drinks on our next visit cause the service was a little slow. We ordered the ribs which were a bit overdone but the sauce was still good. We then ordered the fried chicken and the pork tacos.  I thought the chicken was good but kind of bland compared to some other places that I've had it. The tacos hit the spot though. We tried a few of their craft cocktails and were quite impressed. All in all we liked The Upton and definitely plan to come back very soon!We enjoyed a great meal on the patio on a sunny Sunday late afternoon. It was almost empty when we arrived, had our choice of tables. We ordered a bottle of wine (nice selection of out of the ordinary) and the fried oysters. Omg the oysters were amazing!! I could have eaten a plateful and called it a night. Husband had the 007 style salad which was an average salad with great presentation. His entree was the mussels appetizer, my son ordered fried chicken, I had a salmon thing. The food was all good but I was still in awe of the oysters. The ONLY reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 was because the service slowed down dramatically as the place filled up. Admittedly, we were not in any hurry and made that clear. When we finally placed our order though, it seemed to take forever. Maybe we are partially at fault for that. Server was great, loved the vibe in the patio, nice hidden location.... We will return.The atmosphere is very radiant with old fashioned bulbs strung across a new patio recently built and with a comfortable vibe. The customer service is second to none. We were greatest by one of the owners Peji as we arrived there was no tables however we were seated on lounge couches where we could order drinks and starters and it was very nice. Kevin and Phil worked to cover the extra seating and did a great job. Samantha and Doran also tended to is during the meal and made great recommendations and were great at meeting our needs. I would return for sure.This is a very quaint,cozy restaurant in the middle of a crazy club scene. We sat on the patio, which worked well because they had heatlamps. We ordered cocktails and it took a little longer than you might think to get them. The Upton Girl was good, but mine was way weaker than my friends. Hers was heavy on champagne.The staff must have been "off" or something because service was so. SLOW. We were really hungry, and they dont serve complimentary bread or snacks. When we got our food there were some dissapointments. My friend had little to no chicken in her thai chicken salad. My other friend's salmon portion was very small for $16.  There were some highpoints. The ribs were good, tender and fell off the bone. The roasted califlower is a MUST! We wish were ordered a 2nd serving. All in all, check this place out if you are looking to try something new.I went to happy hour and sat at the bar.  The duck wings and tacos were great and worth it.  They also carried Zubrowka Vodka which is my new go to Martini.  It is a grass bison flavored vodka that is so smooth.  The pork riblets I had were ok, nothing to write about.  I would not order them again.The Upton has a very nice ambiance, especially the patio.  I highly recommend the fried chicken with honey.  I literally had dreams about this meal.  The duck wing appetizer was tender and moist but lacked seasoning.  However, the ranch dressing more than made up for it.I would recommend the Upton to anyone local or visiting Scottsdale.I took a couple friends from NYC the Saturday night before the super bowl.  There was quite a wait,  but was the same all over town.  We had a drink in the front patio while we waited.  We got seated, and it was a tight squeeze into the table,  sitting back to back with other customers.  The service was slow,  but frIendly.  We ordered the burrata appetizer, and the cheese was creamy,  and the fig bread with spread was tasty.  I had the grateful veggie sandwich,  and I thought it was the best veggie sandwich I ever had.  Veggies grilled nicely with goat cheese and naan type bread.  My friends had the steak which they thought was excellent.  The portions were nicely sized and was an enjoyable time.I am always wanting to try something different in Old Town.  I see the Upton everyday, but had never gone in despite the fact I work in the building right next door.  The fact that you can't really see inside too well from the front always intrigued me because it's pretty much hidden off from any regular main Scottsdale rd. traffic.  The inside was a very nice and quaint bar, but it seemed like there was a lot more to it towards the back.  We started off with the fried oysters as well as the crispy duck wings.  I had never really been to a place that served duck wings so that was a pleasant surprise.  They both come with the house chipotle ranch which was very delicious.  The oysters were lightly battered and crispy which was very nice and the duck was well seasoned and very flavorful.  I would have to say the duck was probably my favorite thing that we had.  I then had NYC which was the turkey pastrami on Marble rye and the lady had the pork tacos.  Watch out for the Pastrami b/c (all dirty jokes aside) it's a squirter.  I bit into my sandwich and the first 2 bites there was a small puddle of russian dressing on my plate with the ensuing bite on my hands.  That being sad i'm just glad I didn't get it on my clothes, but usually the best sandwiches are the messiest ones.  It's hard to beat marble rye so can't really complain there.  The pork tacos were a little underwhelming in flavor, nothing really seemed to pop out, but i do like cotija cheese so that's a nice move.  Last but not least, we had the chimmichurri cauliflower which is the "cool" veggie to do things with and it was on point.  I definitely would go back, the only thing I was a little displeased with was the poor service.  We definitely saw our waiter maybe....3-4x the whole night and considering how small the place is I feel that is significant.  Easily we saw several members of the same staff twice as much and often times had to ask them for extra drinks or water what have you.  That's really my only gripe.  Oh!  For the pies de resistance they have a nice handful of bourbons and they also have mezcal on their menu so that gets some brownie points from me.Cheers!Really nice little spot to have a drink in old town, I will be back to try the food!This is a really cute little date spot! I came here for dinner with a one of my pretty ladies one evening. I ordered the Chinese Ribs, My friend got the southern fried chicken. We also ordered a side of fries to share. Everything was amazing! I really liked the ribs and the seasoning they had on it. The chicken was nice and crispy. I asked for a side of ranch for the fries, and they brought me this siracha ranch sauce which was really good!I ordered the The cure cocktail, which I wasn't too fond of. My friend ordered the refresher which she thought was a bit strong. Everything was great, and our server was so hilarious and friendly. I'm just not too fond of their drink menu, and I think their dinner menu has a small selection. However, I would come back though. =)We had an 8:00 reservation this past Friday for our first dinner at The Upton. I always forget what a shitshow parking in Old Town can be (It's like I've blacked out the memories of living near there like a PTSD victim) so word to the wise: take advantage of their valet.First impression: This place is tiny and CUTE! As a few other reviews have mentioned, the majority of seating options are outdoors. I hope this doesn't deter business in the blazing hot months that are just weeks away (sob), but with ample tree coverage, tons of umbrellas and hopefully a strong mister system, I think evenings out on this back patio will still be pleasant in the summer.We started off splitting the farro salad, which was a tasty mixture of perfectly-cooked farro, roasted cauliflower, diced tomatoes and arugula/herbs all tossed together. It comes with a charred lemon half for squeezing over the whole thing, which is a refreshing touch. The menu doesn't mention cauliflower and tomatoes at all, so just an FYI. (Fiance doesn't LOVE cauliflower, so it would have been nice to know about.)For mains we chose the vegan ramen with tofu (for me, obviously) and the Little Havana sandwich. The ramen bowl was outstanding! Deliciously spiced tofu, a variety of mushrooms and a ton of other veggie mix-ins all made for a tasty (and huge; I tried my hardest but I think there was still half left) bowl. The "Little" Havana was a not-so-little take on the Cuban that got rave reviews. We decided to split a side of fries...because who cares?! They were hand-cut and I couldn't stop dipping into the bowl long after I was full. Clearly, portions are great here. (That's code for: Maybe don't be so fat like us and order like it's your last meal on earth.)All in all, a tasty-face visit!I love this place. It's perfect for date night or with a group of friends. Everything I've tried so far has been delicious and impeccably prepared. We had the fried oysters, bistro steak, and ramen tonight. It was all so good! I'm a steak snob and was completely impressed. Such a great alternative to an over priced steak house if you're in the mood for it but don't want to break the bank. The ramen was also killer, I highly recommend it. The service here is always top notch (except for the hostess who clearly didn't want to be there tonight, or is just too cool to smile). However, the bartender, Matt, was awesome and made our experience extra enjoyable.We love this place. Best fried chicken in town. Also Duck Wings, mason jar chopped salad. OhHo and those great fries!The staff is very friendly and the crispy duck confit wings are delicious. Outdoor patio is relaxing and transforms you to an LA vibe. The music is appropriate for the scene. Transitioned from a (past) great restaurant to another great restaurant! We will be returning!Came here with a couple of girlfriends for happy hour. Happy hour menu did not disappoint, we tried some of the asian fusion dishes. We ordered the char siu ribs, the korean buns, and califlower appetizers. Char siu ribs were good. But I highly recommend trying the korean buns! It was delicious and such a different combination of flavors. Amazed at how good it tasted!Our server was very attentive and pleasant to talk to. He shared with us a few tips before each dish and appeared very knowledgable about the menu. For one of my drinks, he recommended the Refresher but instead of gin to substitute it with vodka. Very good! In my opinion, better than the Uptown Girl drink. We were seated out in the patio. Very cute decor and kind of hipsterish. Cute spot for happy hour or date night. Overall experience was great!Awesome little gem in the middle of clubby hipster ville. Nicely understated cool with EXCELLENT food and craft drinks. You really should share to get the most of this unique place. The 007 chop salad is hugely delicious, but by far my favorite are the Asian inspired ribs - amazing. Love the intimate patio vibe with cool current music. Really a great date night place that is modest on prices for solidly good food. We will be back!The Upton has great food, awesome staff members and the cutest patio! I celebrated my 30th birthday on the front patio and the team members were extremely responsive, accommodating and fun! Highly recommended!What a beautiful restaurant with such charm and appeal!  We came in for dinner one evening and shared a cheese/meat board and two sandwiches - the Fro-Magg and the Little Havana.  We had way too much food, but all of it was delicious. Our server was great too - so much fun and helped guide us through our choices.Trendy spot in Scottsdale. Had dinner here with some friends and had a lovely time. Its a small place with mostly outdoor seating. It wasn't too bad the night we visited so it was nice to dine outdoors. I had the duck wings. Anyone who knows anything about duck meat knows the wings done have a lot of meat so I was a bit worries it wouldn't be enough to fill me up, surpringsly it did,I didn't even finish it. It was really good and a must try for duck lovers! Like me!! This is a spot I would think of for a chill night out with some friends!Really good food, service, & drinks. Make sure to make reservations, because it is really small inside during the hot season. There is lots of patio seating when the weather is nice.I usually don't do reviews but this place is great. Different from the Scottsdale places. The menu is unique and the service is AWSEOME!!! Will return over and over.I like this place. Small but comfortable. My colleagues and I went there for a quick lunch. They have a power lunch menu which has a balanced selection of items. Power lunch suggests quick preparation and delivery to your table . . . They did a nice job!!I ordered the bistro steak over a salad . . . Flavors were amazing and I absolutely loved the raspberry vinegarette. My colleagues ordered a kale salad with a side of salmon and seemed very happy with their choice. One of our colleagues is a "meat and potatoes" kind of guy and ordered a sandwich that he did not eat. The server quickly came over and asked him if everything was ok. He also asked if he could get him something else. The sandwich looked amazing, but our colleague is a very finicky eater. The server removed the sandwich from the bill. I loved the way the server handled it, he seemed genuinely concerned. I love great customer service! Great service and the food had very nice flavors. It was quick and delicious.I highly recommend Upton for a nice lunch and creative menu.I like this place. Small but comfortable. My colleagues and I went there for a quick lunch. They have a power lunch menu which has a balanced selection of items. Power lunch suggests quick preparation and delivery to your table . . . They did a nice job!!I ordered the bistro steak over a salad . . . Flavors were amazing and I absolutely loved the raspberry vinegarette. My colleagues ordered a kale salad with a side of salmon and seemed very happy with their choice. One of our colleagues is a "meat and potatoes" kind of guy and ordered a sandwich that he did not eat. The server quickly came over and asked him if everything was ok. He also asked if he could get him something else. The sandwich looked amazing, but our colleague is a very finicky eater. The server removed the sandwich from the bill. I loved the way the server handled it, he seemed genuinely concerned. I love great customer service! Great service and the food had very nice flavors. It was quick and delicious.I highly recommend Upton for a nice lunch and creative menu.The Upton restaurant which usually offers late afternoon and night fare has recently added brunch to its menu.  This trial period that is open to the public with reservations is Saturday the 17th and Saturday the 24th.  For only $25 you can sample two amazing brunch entrees with endless mimosas and bloody Mary's.  With Upton's quant and relaxing atmosphere this is the perfect place for morning brunch.  Then there's the food....amazing!   Whether it's the grill cheese with a fried egg in the middle or the refreshing vegetable tart.  I highly recommend trying Upton's new take on brunch.A friend and I were out checking out happy hours due to a late dinner reservation elsewhere. We decided to check out the Upton, only to find out we missed happy hour! Tragic... Anyway, the place was hopping and we were lucky to get a couple seats at the bar. We tried a couple cocktails, with mine being the best - it was a light and refreshing drink with cucumber in it... yum. We also tried the ribs - these things were so good! The portion was huge, the flavor was bold and delicious, and the meat was falling off the bone. I wanted to have more food, but couldn't because of our dinner plans. I will definitely return, next time for happy hour!Super cute, small and trendy restaurant.  It serves up unique entrees and drinks with an upscale "hole-in-the-wall" vibe. The Ramen noodles are probably the best menu item by far.  It may sound boring, but it is a wonderful dish. The broth is flavorful, noodles cooked just right and a good amount of veggies thrown in to make it filling (tad heavy on the mushrooms, but not a deal breaker). They have other entrees that a tasty too, just not as great as the ramen. Other notables: clean bathrooms, service is great, stiff drinks.My only suggestion would be to improve their sweet selections.  I've been twice and each time the dessert menu was sparse and less than appealing.  I tried their chocolate tart on our last visit, just see if it tasted better than the description... sadly, it was ho-hum.  Oh well, their ambiance and entrees are enough to keep me coming back.FYI, there is not a lot of seating inside, but plenty of patio seating.Cute little trendy restaurant.  The inside of the restaurant itself is small, but there is plenty of outdoor seating.  We ordered the pork ribs, the chopped salad and a few of the buns.  Everything was pretty good.  The portion of the ribs were quite large.  I love that the chopped salad.  It was served in a mason jar!  How cool!We ordered a few drinks as well.  Not bad!  I'll be back!I enjoy this place. I LOVE the atmosphere. Lovely trees and outdoor seating. They have massive umbrellas to assure the sun doesn't hit your eyes. I liken it to OHSO but smaller, a little dressier, and more romantic. I came on a Sunday where I had unlimited mimosas. Our server was fabulous too. Very attentive. They had a good menu as well. Huge fan of brunch- theirs ranges from traditional bacon and eggs, to captain crunch waffles. I'll come back for sure. I'm confident we can make this place popular!Great outdoor area; ambiance was perfect for meeting up for a late cocktail with an old friend.Came for brunch on Fathers Day, everything was wonderful! The staff was amazing and so friendly! My favorite the Strawberry toast!! So good!Big Boys moving did a great job moving all our stuff out of a storage facility and into a U Haul truck.  They were quick and reasonable priced.  Very pleasant to deal with.  One minor mishap with plastic wheels broken off a piece of furniture but overall they did a very good job.Items Selected:

I feel the server should of immediately brought the manager into the situation and either had him/her come talk to us about honoring the coupons or just got them "pre" approved and made everyone happy.... but she didn't...... and now I am yelping great food - bad service..... you need good service in order to succeed in the restaurant business, not just great food alone....Their oysters are a must have when coming here! They are super fresh and delicious! The best oysters I have had! I also tried the shrimp scampi which I would say is pretty yummy. I don't even like pasta! Their alcoholic beverages, ehhh not the best so I would steer clear of that. Customer service isn't too bad given that they don't have that many waiters working so cut them some slack on that. Overall I would definitely come back here!The good here is consistently good for the most part, and the prices are reasonable. They do, however need more servers. When I went, I believe there was one server working the entire restaurant.The pan bake is excellent. It's my go to meal here. I was disappointed with the calamari appetizer- it tasted good, but for the most part, it was one massive clump and we had to break it up. Since it wasn't broken up prior to frying, some squid got over cooked a bit.Fish and chips is also consistently good. If anything, the breading is a little bland, but the fish and fries are both tasty.Idk why this place has such terrible reviews.... Best service I've ever had in a while! Our food came out so quick and the appetizers and our food came out separately at perfect time increments. Our waters were filled every 10-15 minutes and we were constantly checked on!The food was phenomenal. We got the crab shrimp and lobster pan roast which is huge, so we split a normal portion between 2 of us. It was soooo filling we couldn't finish. We got the clam chowder which was good but watery which is weird, I wasn't a fan. The lump crab cocktail is so large and so yummy with the atomic horseradish. The oysters were watery too which was weird but so good and priced reasonably. The interior is so gorgeous! I felt like I was in the little mermaid all over again. I will definitely be back to try the crazy yummy sushi rolls since this was a solely seafood only visit.We started off with a glass of Chardonnay for my wife and shared a pound of Cajun shrimp that probably were 21-25 count (jumbo), a tad messy but so good.  The atomic horseradish that accompanied our lump crab cocktail had a not so subtle kick to it that had me perspiring.  Our third and last last appetizer was pan seared scallops with a lemon beurre blanc sauce.  These were good, but would have benefited from an additional minute in the saute pan.  Overall this was a very good, light meal for our first evening in Las Vegas.Really good sushi! Friendly service. Had no idea this place was that good. Next time I'm going for the San Francisco styled stew. Very clean and easy to find a seat.My husband and I went to Tides tonite for the first time. I had the shrimp scampi and linguini and my husband had the fish and chips. Both were very good. My only complaint was that after we ordered, we noticed that every other table had a basket of bread on it. We waited and waited, but never got one. When the server finally brought our food I asked her why never got our bread basket. She replied that you have to ask for it. She told us that she used to offer bread to the diners, but got yelled at by the management for doing that! I asked her how were we supposed to know that we had to "special order" bread since it was our first time there. I asked her if aomewhere on the menu it said "bread by special request only" and she said no. She finally said "do you want some bread?". We said we did. The bread finally came when our dinner plates were empty!

- When the bell desk and valet parking IS open, the service is wonderful. Extremely helpful bell staff who won't let you touch any of your things and will get it to your room right away. The bad:

1) pretzel crusted chicken . A little sampler that was very moist and delicious and came with sauces to dip in YUM2) Deep fried cheese . Little triangles of deep fried mozzarella . They didnt skimp on the cheese inside :)3) Loaded bake potato soup. Enough said lol4) Dynamite shrimp . This one I didnt care for it was small shrimp with breading and a "spicy" sauce which wasn't spicy at all and tasted like chipotle sauce5) spicy chicken chipotle pasta. Which again wasn't spicy but was good. Not Great. It sounded better on the description on menu.Great place for dinners for a date/families. Friendly employees great food and delicious cheesecake.I had the catfish breaded  to perfection seasoned not so much nice helping of mashed potatoes the green beans were fresh and snappy, sauteed with sweet carmelized onions excellent with a side of corn tartar sauce nothing special I was little disappointed that the catfish didn't come with more seasoned flavor. Topped it off with a slice of key lime cheesecake they were out of the Mango Key Lime so the classic Key lime was a good substitute and it was as I suspected creamy indulgence a little too much whipped cream.The servers here are very nice. They treat me good everytime I come in!As far as the food goes, it is hit and miss. In the past I have ordered fried fish, pasta and wings and they were disgusting. More recently, I have ordered the appetizer burger sliders, artichoke and spinach dip, and kale and quinoa salad. They were DELICIOUS! They're menu is so large that you sometimes don't know what to order! May the odds ever be in your favor.Cheesecakes are great! My favorite slices are oreo cheesecake and red velvet. YUM!So I'm not usually into Chain Restaurants but I must say, this location always does a great job when I come in. I can't help but love the decor, it reminds me of Vegas.... Don't ask why. I don't know. The hostesses were all nice, all three of them. Went on a Saturday afternoon with my BFF. We sat in the patio where they have fans and it's mostly covered. Ordered the Skinny Cosmo which was surprisingly tasty! They put just the right amount of juice and liquor in it. Our waitress was very attentive, and super sweet. Our silverware and napkins were pretty stained and she wouldn't stop apologizing. She was cute. They brought bread out pretty quickly. We order and shared three appetizers: Shrimp Spring Rolls, Asian Lettuce Wraps, and their tomato basil flatbread thing. All three were pretty good except for the lettuce wraps... They were extremely salty. The rolls came with a peanut sauce and a soy type orangey sauce. For it not being a Vietnamese place, it was not too shabby! I didn't get dessert this time but I usually go for the Red Velvet Cheesecake. Yummmyy. Waitress brought out our check at perfect timing, not too early and not too late. Yay! :)I only come here for their cheesecake, calamari, and bread. These are the only yummy things they have. The 4 star rating is for the above alone, and for the great service I always get.The actual food...please, if you want good food, don't come here. They have a big selection of overpriced food items you and your family and friends can choose from. I went last night with a $50 gift card and got shrimp scampi, buffalo blast, and a moscow mule.Shrimp Scampi-$20- breaded shrimp that was all soggy when it came out. The shrimp itself was pretty big but all dried up and had no juicyness or bouncyness in them. I usually love shrimp, but I had two of these and couldn't handle anymore. The angel hair pasta was alright...Buffalo Blast-$10- big portion for an appetizer! But way overcooked, and most of it is just breading anyways. Moscow Mule-$10-for a moscow mule?! It better be good. Well, it wasn't. It was so sweet and I did not taste a bit of alcohol. I've been here many times when I was young to celebrate many achievements in life, and I've had the food here many times. When I grew up and started paying for my own food, I ended up coming here for their 3 things I mentioned above. I had wondered why I never ordered their entrees here, and yesterday's dinner reminded me why.You really can't go wrong here! They have such a wide selection yet nothing falls short! I've had the chicken pasta the past two times because it's so good! For not being specifically catered to Italian food it's the best I've had even over Italian restaurants! So much flavor and just great overall quality! I'm not big on expensive classy restaurants but I will definitely be coming back for more!I visit the Cheesecake Factory frequently with my family for birthdays and holidays. The service at this location is always superb and I've never had a bad meal. They are always very accommodating.Another perk about going here is their Skinnylicious menu. Many of their entrees on the regular menu are calorie packed, so the Skinny menu offers many delicious and healthy options for those trying to shed some pounds.I love their Orange Chicken!  We also ordered an order of the Avacado eggs rolls and enjoyed them!  Of course they have a multitude of cheesecake to choose from.  When I'm in a cheesecake mood I go for dark chocolate or the smores.Only concern was the soda glass my daughter got was broken around the rim, quite dangerous! Our server immediately apologize and brought her a fresh soda. Love the "skinny menu" the skinny margarita was very good and under 150 calories!!! Edamame needed some salt they were rather bland. My two 14yr old girls had glam burgers and they were HUGE they could have split one. Very juicy very tasty! Now time for the snickers and dream extreme cheesecake!! I will just be drinking water!! Gotta get in shape!!! Angelica our server was very pleasant and on the ball. I listened to her talk to her tables around us and she was genuinely kind and made sure everyone was enjoying their meals. Sweet girl.I always feel like the food is pretty average for their prices, but they are pretty good portions. Service for todays lunch was quick, we were told a 20 minute wait to be seated but it was more like 5. Our waitress was very attentive, no complaints there. We ordered the artichoke spinach dip for an appetizer, the dip itself was OK, the tortilla chips were a little stale for my taste. My daughter ordered the fish tacos tempura battered, she asked for hard tacos but got soft corn. I had the chicken piccata lunch portion, chicken was tender and still plenty of food for the lunch menu. We were stuffed but still ordered a slice of salted caramel cheesecake to go. I'm sure that's delicious, when is cheesecake not awesome? Almost $80 for lunch is a good reminder why I hardly ever come here though.Waited ten minutes to place a to go order on the phone, but Kevin the manager came to the rescue. Food was very good. Thanks to Kevin!So.......we wanted to go out to lunch, but we didn't want to spend a lot of money.  Remembered that we had received some gift cards from the in laws for the Cheesecake Factory.  Problem solved!  I had not yet been to this Cheesecake Factory since moving out to AZ.  We would go to the one in Mission Valley occasionally and the food/service was usually pretty good.  We came down here to this one today for a late lunch.We arrived at around 3:00 and there weren't too many people there.  We got a seat immediately at a table and the waitress brought over the high chair.  We placed our order for drinks (waters, and my wife got an iced tea), got some bread delivered (sourdough and a honey oat type brown bread) and placed our order.  I had been scoping out the Yelp reviews and pictures online prior to arrival, and I saw a few pictures of fish tacos.  I had yet to have fish tacos since I moved to AZ, and they looked legit, and sounded legit, so I went with those.  My wife got a lunch sized portion of the pasta carbonara with chicken.  About 15 minutes later, our food was arrived.  Here is how it was..................Fish Tacos-  These things looked great!  They hook you up with 4 nice sized tacos!  They came with double wrapped corn tortillas, a nice piece of tempura fried white fish which was both crunchy outside and moist inside,  some pickled onions and a little dollop of guacamole.  They usually come with a chipotle sauce, but I skipped that.  The tacos were mighty fine as they were.  Everything worked well!  They were legit fish tacos.  Maybe not as good as TJ Oyster Bar in SD, but they were damn good and better than a lot of fish tacos I have had.  I really liked the pickled onions!  They gave a nice little sweetness to the taco and they were buried under the actual fish.  These tacos were well constructed and just the right size to fill me up but not overstuff me.  The tacos also came with some black beans, and a side of "green tint" rice.  I sampled the beans, they were alright.  The rice had a unique seasoning to it.  Almost tasted a bit like pesto sauce, but then I caught a taste of something else.  Definitely unique, but I didn't finish all of it, mostly because I'm not the hugest fan of rice and/or beans.Pasta Carbonara-  My wife thought it was a bit too "oily" so she couldn't finish it all.  I took her bowl of pasta from her and proceeded to have some.  I thought it was fine!  It had a nice sauce, lots of bacon, a little bit of chicken and a ton of peas in it.  I am anti pea, so I ate around all of those.  The noodles, bacon, sauce and chicken were very good.  I couldn't see myself eating a whole bowl of this (reason my wife couldn't finish it either) because it was pretty heavy, but a half portion or if you split this with someone, it was pretty tasty.Service was fine.  Not great, not poor.  A-OK!  Total for everything was $0.00 thanks to the gift cards!  We skipped dessert and were on our way.  I would definitely come back and probably order the same thing.  Those fish tacos were no joke!  They were delicious as could be!First off, this place is AMAZING! My wife and I come here three times a month at minimum. It's the go to place! We split Factory Nachos and a strawberry lemonade. Over the years I can count ONE time that our nachos were unsatisfactory and when we talked to a manager they took excellent care of us! The only reason for the one star is the occasional bad server, But that's very rare. We'll typically leave a twenty percent Tip without hesitation. Defenitly recommend!This is one of the best of theyre huge nr of locations.

20 days returns on unused items.Great Customer Service!  Very friendly staff!  My Favorite Sunscreen!  Also they introduced me to Shaving Oil (a small bottle lasts almost a year).Viva la France!How can you not like Louis Vuitton?  If only they would go on half price sale (then they would still be expensive).Bought my first LV bag here a few years back, when I was visiting a friend.  Service was impeccable then, and it didn't change today.  My friend even pointed out that the girl helping us was the same girl the last time I was at the store.  This time, I didn't buy anything, just browsing, but that didn't affect the service at all.I don't buy too much Lucky these days, but after the boy and I found a Lucky shirt in Belk we liked that was sold out in the size needed, we decided to see if the store carried it.About two thirds of the store is women's, and we made it just to the edge of the men's section when we were greeted by fantastic sales associate #1. We continued to browse without too much conversation as there were other people in the store, but upon needing a fitting room we had the attention of all the employees. The ladies chatted me up as we waited for the modeling to commence.He tried on four or five, the ladies always siding with me (I too used to play those retail games) they even tried to help me get him into a few that were out of his comfort zone, but were never pushy, which I appreciate. It really hasn't changed my opinion of the brand for me, but I definitely won't hesitate to stop in to look for something for him in the future.I had an awesome experience at this particular store. The staff is knowledgeable about the products. The kicker here is the products perform as well as they are described! Try the Modern Friction for skin softening. Or the Peace of Mind for stress relief.I think Origins has some of the best skin care products on the market.  I've been using their cleansers and moisturizers for years.  I think 'checks and balances' is their top selling cleanser, it's great on the skin and will last forever as you only need a little for a good cleaning.  Another one of my favorites is the 'spot remover'......miracle in a jar for any type of bump or blemish.  Other than this store and Belk Southpark the products tend to be hard to find in a store.  They usually send coupons around the holiday which is great because their products can be pricey.Origins has some awesome products. I highly recommend the Modern Friction face exfoliator and the Vitazing moisturizer. The employees at this store have always been super helpful. They are always willing to give you a *free* mini facial. If you have 15-20 minutes to spare, I recommend getting one done. They will sit you down and cleanse, exfoliate, treat, and moisturize your face. They'll walk you through all the steps and make recommendations for you. Make sure to ask for some samples of your favorite items to try at home. My only complaint... The prices on the items are a little high and the employees can get a little pushy about making a purchase.Great little place for neat and innovative kids' rooms storage solutions and design!  It's like Pottery Barn, only for the young, smaller versions of ourselves! I went in just to see what sorts of things were "in" nowadays with the youth.  Come to find out, Batman, Spiderman, and yes, even Star Wars were back in style!  It was hard for me NOT to buy the Queen sized versions of all 3 bedding sets for my bed (the misses might have started yelping for professional help)! The price tags aren't for the faint of heart; they're up there!  But, for a one-time thing, like a life-time 4-in-1 bed, the quality outweighs the bucks, at least for me. The store is organized by girl/boy; girls on the left, boys on the right, with each alcove designed with a different theme.  There is a small (tiny, really) sales/clearance shelf/section in the back where I found some neat last-season Curious George crib bedding for my mini-yelper.

This means that there isn't much room between the tables, hence I could hear the conversation held by everyone near me.Otherwise a very good place, would definitely recommend it to others.Ate here for dinner with a friend and really enjoyed it. I've never had pimento cheese (not really popular up north) but that stuff was GOOD!! Also had the pork chop special with grilled stonefruit and Visalia onion sweet potatoes which was delish. The service was a bit weird. He was pretty attentive but just a little standoffish when interacting with us, not sure how to describe it. I'd definitely try this place again, I'd like to try out their brunch offerings.The wife and I enjoyed our lunch very much.  You will receive the freshest food here.  The pimiento cheese spread is to die for.  Try the shrimp BLT panini it is fabulous.  If you like burgers give them a try too.This is a staple in Charlotte's "American" restaurant scene. Somehow I have never eaten here until recently. First visit was for brunch a few months ago. It was a good brunch. Portion was generous for the price. Best part was the Maltida Wong pitcher. Between the cocktail, the historic house and the pretty dishes, it was a glorious morning.Fast forward to November, after much consideration, I decided to take my parents here for Mom's birthday dinner. The main appeal is the easy menu that fits everyone's palate. My parents, who don't go out much, enjoyed the ambience. Something is very nice about a cozy old home serving as restaurant.We ordered the Bronzed Sesame Salmon ($16), Grilled Hanger Steak ($18) and Seared Ahi Tuna Salad ($14.25). We also started with the French Onion Soup ($6.25). Overall the food was good. Mom liked the salmon but it looked a little plain to me. Dad's steak was the best of the three dishes. My salad was good, but I think they could have given me more than 2 thin slices of tuna for that price. But for the quality of food and the price, I was happy with the dinner.Best yet, they knew it was my mom's birthday and brought out a complimentary brownie sundae. It turned out to be the highlight of the dinner. We're not much of a sweet tooth, but the brownie was delicious and the vanilla ice cream was creamy & rich. Just so you all know how satisfied I was with that night's dinner: it was Panthers Monday Night game against the Patriots that night, and I didn't feel as bum out after the dinner and sundae (and don't forget half price glass of wine)!Unique place in historic dilwoth home. Unique menu with local options. Friendly non-corporate vibe. Most importantly great food!  Only negative is its loud and temps can vary to extremes but this is part of the charm of its location.Cute environment, feels like you're in a friends house. Great food. Only set back is there is usually a wait.I love this place! Great brunch! I love the goat cheese appetizer!300 East is adorable. I love the setting of a cozy house, complete with a large front porch, staircase and balcony overlooking the front of the restaurant. I made a reservation for Saturday on Yelp and we were seated promptly upon our arrival, being lead upstairs to the cute little dining space. At a private-ish table for two, we sat along the wall and were greeted by a very friendly server. I had a (non-alco) Peach Fizz, served to me in a wine glass, while my boyfriend had a red wine. We started with the falafel app- super good with great flavors accompanying it. I was torn between the pork, the filet and the crab cake, yet somehow decided on the farro saute- our server suggested I add salmon to it, so I also added a crab cake side- available for $9 to add to any entree! I adore farro and vegetarian entrees so the salmon + crab combo was a perfect addition to this dish.I really love the ambiance of 300 East- food was solid and the cozy atmosphere was even better. It would be great to come back for brunch or on a sunny day- I hear they put tables out front when it's warm!Good lunch spot.  A cute house with lots of booths and tables. American and Healthy cuisine. Lots of choices for sandwiches, salads, burgers and veggie burgers. Good soups too!I really enjoyed the Spiced Harvest Salad - I love the pumpkin on it and the sweet potatoes and pumpkin seeds...   very tasty!A very nice place. I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch, my salad was nice and fresh and my guest enjoyed their meals also. The view is very nice if you get a window seat and the service is very efficient and I would recommend it to a friend. Anytime you're in Charlotte stop by and have a nice meal there.Yummy food and great service. Celebrated my birthday there and a wonderful time was had by allFriendly staff who are knowledable about the food, yes! Farro dish with chicken, yes! Grass fed burger, needs something. Maybe a bit of a fatty meat mixed in for richer flavor? Great value for really good food. Coffee excellent. Desserts, excellent.Food was good. I had a very annoying light coming thru a window shade which they could not correct but they did try. I most certainly would go back. My wife and her mother both enjoyed their food too(salads).service was quite good. Reasonably priced.300 East is in a great space, and the menu offers up a little something for everyone. But little hiccups all around held things back from greatness.  For example, big personal pizzas were great, but the oily bath that collected beneath the slices? Not so great.  A few solid local beers but not a stand-out beer or cocktail menu.  Overall, good upscale casual dining, but a long ways from greatness.I came to 300 East once per the recommendation of a friend and have been there twice based on the great experience that I had. Great food, an excellent mix of healthy options, cool relaxed atmosphere, and innovative cuisine. Staff has been great, as well!We have been to 300 East twice now. Once for brunch and once for dinner. Both times we had reservations and were sat relatively quickly. I definitely recommend reservations.During brunch we sat upstairs and it was slammed. The service was slow but understandably. Our food was great. I especially loved that they served Owens bagels, yum!! I do wish we had gotten a little bit better service, but hey it happens and it was packed.This is a quaint old house that is now a restaurant. The booths are not that comfortable but doable. For dinner we were sat in a small booth that one side was almost a half seat. This was fine for me, but I do not think my boyfriend would have fit.  I had salmon and he had the filet. Mine was wonderful.  He wasn't crazy about the stuffed filet simply because he wasn't a fan of the cheese in the stuffing. We will absolutely be back for brunch and dinner!300 East is a charming little house-turned-restaurant in Dilworth. My mom and I unexpectedly found this place a few years back and had a delicious meal. It wasn't until I moved to Charlotte last year that I unexpectedly re-discovered it until driving down East Blvd. a few months back.My first visit I had the man baby pizza and a salad (can't remember the name) and remember leaving quite impressed.This go around, for dinner. The server advised they were debuting the spring menu that night. The fried goat cheese appetizer came with a large toasted baguette and was splendid. The few sips of onion soup I had were very impressive as well. The guacamole was nothing special and the only plate I wouldn't order again. Just simply not flavorful enough.For the entree, I got the gnocchi with bacon and leeks in a creamy thyme sauce. Holy moly. One of the best gnocchis I have ever had (and I studied Italian cooking in Italy). The bf ordered the bacon wrapped filet which came stuffed with Gorgonzola. Admittedly, I much preferred mine. The Gorgonzola was too rich against the filet, in my opinion, but he seemed to be happy.After scrolling through other yelpers pictures, I can't wait to try this place for brunch. Nutella and Banana stuffed French Toast... Wowee! Definitely a must try of you're in the Dilworth area.Yes, it's another Charlotte house restaurant. The tables are place closely together to say the least, but the food and service make up for it. Very friendly and knowledgeable servers. I've been for dinner a few times and once for lunch. The seared tuna salad is very good, but the grilled rice cake it comes with is a little strange. The burgers are flavorful as is the faro saute, which I've gotten with shrimp and just veggies.Excellent brunch venue.  The crab cake Benedict was excellent. I love the use of the crab cake as the base for this plate. Also loved  the banana Nutella french toast. Surprisingly not overpoweringly sweet. Great service, will definitely return.First time here, really wanted brunch but didn't realize they only have it on Sundays. Had their local grass fed burger and it was delicious. Full bar with a great draft list and located in a really quaint house style setting.NEVER DISAPPOINTS! I have been to 300 East almost a dozen times and this old favorite is tried and true. I get the salmon (extra well done please!) with brown rice and vegetables every single time. Why try something new when the old is great? In addition to good local food, it's nice to be in a restaurant that actually has ambiance. Charlotte is really "chain hell" when it comes to restaurants to its nice to feel like you are walking into to someone's house for dinner. The second floor really is like sitting in someone's living room. Every time I have been, the place gets packed out and they keep coming back so make a reservation before hand. P.S. If the weather is nice, take a stroll around the block and check out all the well maintained bungalows and Craftsman style homes, each one is so unique just like the 300 East house.Food was awesome. We sat outside and it was slammed for brunch.  They only had 1 server outside which he was in the weeds the entire time. They should really have 2 out there when its that nice.I haven't been here in years and had a friend in town so I thought I'd give brunch a try again. I was very impressed with the meal, especially the special which was a poached egg set inside a roasted tomato, topped with cornbread. The cornbread added an extra dimension that threw that normal poached egg over the top. The tomato and egg, as well as bacon, also came with a side of pimento mac and cheese that was out of this world!! My friend and I also shared the brioche French toast and cheese grits. The French toast tasted like a donut and threw me into a sugar coma that was well worth it. The service was excellent and I will be back soon!!Perfect option for a casual dinner.  Situated in a cute house in Dilworth.  300 East has a wide ranging menu, so everyone can find something they like.I love having brunch here on autumn Sundays with girlfriends! The eggs benedict is outstanding! I must say that the coffee is lacking in a big way - nothing worse than and amazing meal with a bad cup of joe. None the less the atmosphere is wonderful and every dish I've had is stellar. The old house makes for a lovely setting for a romantic evening for two, celebrations, or dinner with out of towners. With fantastic service and homemade desserts you can't go wrong with 300 East.P.S. Don't forget to go for a walk after your meal - the neighborhood is so charming!I was taken away with how cute and comfortable the restaurant was. The atmosphere was outstanding! Our server didn't have the best knowledge but was super nice and attentive.This place never disappoints.  I have never had a bad meal here.  There are always plenty of vegetarian selections to choose from.  I recommend making a reservation as they are always busy!Me and my lady love trying places we've never been to before and 300 East was one of those places. Atmosphere: +A

Bartender said there is only a happy hour on Wednesday.Overall a solid place for food near the stadiums. Should be fun once the pirates start playing.BZ has a great happy hour and a good selection of draft beer.  I typically stick to drinks and appetizers and I have never had a problem.  I would avoid BZ when the Pirates are in town unless you like LONG waits for food and drink.The fries, what can I say, they were SO GOOD. I'd like to say I'm a fry expert and they were spiced and crisp. The pulled pork sandwich was just as good. Definitely a good go-to for beer and food prior to the games.In town for a Pirates game and stopped in here. It was perfect for what we were looking for which was a light-ish lunch (if you're hungry the menu won't let you down either.) The classic mac and cheese was amazing, as were the boneless wings in the piri-piri sauce and the Brussel slaw (we split everything.) Service was incredible from the hostess to our waitress to other servers. I wish they had had more local beers, but they did have quite an extensive beer list. Kitchen was pretty quick. We would definitely come here again and recommend it!Perfect end to our evening out... after getting back from our concert we were hungry. Luckily the kitchen was open late, we ordered the Kobb Salad~ it was Amazing!!! We are heading out tonight but will be back to try the entrées.Great way to end the day!Just finished loading out from a trade show and wanted to relax before flying home. Was an hour well spent. Quick to action, put me to sleep, woke up refreshed and relaxed. Next time I'm in town I will be backLove this place!! I never got the name of my masseuse but he got rid of all the knots in my entire body! I also love the fact that the masseuses didn't ramble among themselves like other foot massage places. After finding out I also spoke Chinese my masseuse still kept things professional rather than the usual kiss up talk. 4/5 stars because I could still smell the cigarette smoke on his fingers when he massaged my head... I didn't want to hold anything against him since he did such a great job but the smell was bothersome even with the oil. I'd still go back in a heartbeat tho!I had my first one hour deep tissue massage in vegas at this place. I thought it was a pretty good deal. $30 for a full body deep tissue. My Massage therapist name was Ann and she did a great job. Her techniques were different than what I'm used to. She got on top of my back and was using her hands arms and knees which felt great. The foot massage was awesome as well. Although I walked out of here feeling less stressed, I felt she could've worked more on my back by targeting my knots more. Hopefully next time she can target them more.Excellent value, quality and service. I highly recommend this spa! The only awkward element of the spa is the rooms are only separated by curtains and you can easily hear into the other rooms. Aside from that, it's a excellent value, with friendly staff who do a great job!was eating across the street, couldnt hail a cab so decided to go in for a massage. there were 2 of us and we were able to get our massages in the same room. the chairs were so comfortable and the massage therapists were great. super nice and even charged my phone. helped us take some pictures, gave us water and tea. it was great after a long wkend of partying. i would of gave 5 stars but after paying and giving the therapist $5 for a $20 massage she asked for $10 instead. thats a dam 50% tip but because they were good and super nice we ended up giving it to them anyway.thought it was actually funny.even though a higher tip was demanded we will def go back. we couldnt get a cab and the guy therapist( which was mine) offered to drive us back to ballys for $15. so it was all good!!!We used a groupon for my wife and I and enjoyed the massage/detox. They didn't short us any time and the only comment I would make is to communicate if the masseuse is too strong. They will happily cater to your needs and we left feeling relaxed and refreshed. They massaged our heads, necks, shoulders, arms, feet, and legs. Overall we were very happy.I just had a foot rubbie from Paul and I have to tell you that it was great. I loved every minute of it. We didnt talk at all and I felt relaxed. The only tiny thing that he must be a smoker and I was able to smell it while he was giving me a head massage but overall it was wonderful! Thank you!Walk-in with a group of four, they accommodated us immediately.The materials they use are clean, the lotions/oils smell good but not overpowering.Has a mom-and-pop feel, very nice.Would definitely return the next time we visit Las Vegas!Tried this place out on the advice of a Vegas local... One hour massage for only $20 plus tip? Yes please!!!!We were warned that other "massage paroles" in the area were more of a happy ending spot but this is an actual massage place. We were advised by the employees that the deep massage, just $10 more, was a better deal we all decided to go with that. Went in with a party of 5 and we were all taken in right away (they had to spilt us up in two separate rooms). This place is by no means your fancy, spa-type relaxation massage place. I was in a room to accommodate 4 massages- 4 people getting a massage and 4 employees. It was a bit cramped and the employees were talking to each other in Chinese, and they weren't whispering!You do not have to get undressed, they simply move your clothes to the side to get to your shoulder or back or legs. But I would recommend wearing loose pants or shorts, I made the mistake of wearing jeans which probably inhibited the foot/leg massage I got. The deep massage was a bit rough at times, especially when they did my back massage. But overall, I left feeling like all the knots were massaged out and would definitely come back when I'm in the area. Be warned!! They have their own tipping system- it does not go by percentage of your bill, there's a sign at the front desk showing what they think is an appropriate tip. It's still pretty reasonable considering we paid $40/person for an hour massage which included tip. But... if you don't tip correctly, you might hear a complaint!!Fantastic prices for great massage.  Only 2 miles away from the strip!  Quick service and staff understands English.Mine visiting was delayed as I had to wait for the massage therapist. However, the owner took care of it and sincerely apologized. Good customer service!We have been looking for a massage place for an hour and have been to weird places. Finally found this massage place look clean.  Sunny and Rastas were our therapists, and they are great.Found out that it's under new ownership so our stamp card that was 4 stamps away from a free massage was no longer valid.The pricing for full body massage went up from $30 to $36. Not a big deal. The massage itself was very good; I'm glad that didn't change.Service was very prompt & friendly. Still our "go to" massage place when we visit Vegas.Excellent massage, I have never had my back walked on (didn't even know that was a real thing) and I would highly recommend it. It was 36 dollars for 1 hour and I left a 15 dollar tip.  I would recommend going for the 90 min it's like 10 more dollars. Very good deal and worth going a little out of your way!Came in for a couples massage. Massage was on point. Most relaxing massage I had in vegas in a long time. Great services. The person that was giving me a massage didn't asked me if I'm ok or say too much. I would probably say she didnt speak too much english. I would definitely come back since she was on point on her massages and it was a very good cheap price.We got a 1 hour session for $36.  They give you way more value for the money.  The only thing I wish they applied a little more pressure, however a good massage overall.Very good pressure points.. Sometimes it almost even hurts but in the end, I felt so much better. Getting a foot massage is a must after a night of drinking and partying, especially if u can get yourself up to go when you have a hang over-it's worth it.

1) Get there early iff you don't have a reservation, because this place fills up quickly

1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe. 2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?

if you go late, it get's cheaper..

My sister wants to take it to go, freeze it , and bring it to Korea for her husband... I asked her, " Is that so good?"  and she replied, "I'm so sure that I 'll be craving for the shrimps more than missing you!!!"Ok, ok, so I didn't think this place would live up to all hype and I did not think that they could back up everything that all the people were saying. But I am gracious in defeat (especially when it comes to food). I still haven't been to Hot n Juicy (I know, right, what kind if Yelper am I?) so I don't have anything to compare it to that i have been to recently, but I love seafood and I am from the South so any place boasting Southern cuisine I already have to give the benefit of the doubt.  We walked into the restaurant and were immediately greeted by the hostess (very hospitable, very southern, haha), and the rest of the staff was warm and friendly as well, made me feel like I was in a restaurant at home.  The space was very large, almost warehouse feeling, we had a seat in the middle of the place since we had a large party.  Jennifer was our server and she was a gem!  She talked us through the menu and gave us our options, I ended up going with a pound of shrimp with the whole shabang and some fried catfish. The shrimp came out fast and piping hot!  The catfish was cooked very well, tender and flakey, not overcooked and very succulent.  Like I said in the beginning I had to eat my words and I'll gladly do it again! I do have to warn you though, if you do the shrimp with the garlic and all the seasoning, you will smell like GARLIC for a day or so, no matter how much you shower, haha, so make sure you and yours are eating the same thing, then she can't complain if you both smell the same, hahaFinally had the chance to try The Boiling Crab.  The restaurant is visible on the west side of Decatur Blvd between Twain Ave and Flamingo Road.  Nice, big, bright restaurant space.  We ordered 1 lb of shrimp in non-spicy garlic spread, 2 lbs of shrimp in medium whole shabang sauce, 1 lb of clams in medium sha-bang sauce and 1 fried catfish dinner.Well, we devoured the shrimps and clams - the sha-bang sauce was absolutely delicious especially the clams in that sauce.  For some reason, I found that the clams had more chopped up garlic.  I'm thinking it's because you can scoop up the wonderful garlic bits with your clam shell and then slurp it all up in one go!  I was impressed with the size of the shrimp and freshness of the shrimp.The catfish dinner was really, really good. Not at all fishy.  Came with a full basket of fries - you can choose the spice level of your fries.Why only 4 stars out of 5 stars - The Drinks - soda is $2 but believe it or not, they charge for H20!  25cents for Water - what a ripoff!  Not only that, they don't have hot water.  How hard is it to get a kettle for a restaurant?!?  But I must say, my waiter was really nice in that he offered to heat up the cold water in the microwave.  Not too bad - will come back.  Hopefully, they will re-think charging for water.  Oh yes - you can leave your mark in the restaurant.  Bring a fat marker and leave a comment on their walls.I can't believe we traveled from Pasadena, CA to eat where we eat by home. It so nice that they are here and doing it like they do back home. As always I would recommend shrimp and snow crab whole shbang medium if you can take some spice, mild if you can't. The sauce tastes delicious when you spoon it over rice. Don't come here looking for a dietary meal. You can taste the sodium and the butter so it ain't good for you but it's great for you. Hope you understand that. Plus this place is two to three times the size of all their other locations. It's still a secret cause they have only been open a month so get there and get now before the lines start.So everyone said its not the same as Cali but who the heck cares. It's still good and finally we have something else besides Hot 'n' Juicy (no offense guys). I'm stuffed. Cajun Fries, oysters, king crab, calamari & chicken wings... So Ono!!Venue is huge  Service was great. Waiters are young, hip and very attentive. Good selection of music playing while u eat plus walls plastered with flat screens. Definitely the new spot to grub at. Only thing missing was the beer but Hopefully they get their license in the next month. Recommending this place to everyone. It's an exciting place to grind. Tag up the wall and look for my pillar. LolKingKaiSo YUMMY! Compared to Hot & Juicy Crawfish, this place is way better. The whole shabang mild sauce is what I always get. Put it over your rice & you are set along with whatever you order (shrimp, crawfish, crab, etc.) .. I've only tried the shrimp & dungeoness crab. They're both really good. It keeps me coming back for more. I did have to deduct a star because of the service. The service can be better. It's good & bad. There's a lot of people that work there at the same time. It really depends on who you get as your server & whoever you're around.I have heard all about this place and all of the Cali locations seem to be a bit out of control with crowds so I decided to visit this location on my holiday vegas trip. After doing some shopping at the Premium Outlets I decided to head over and check this place out since it was only about 10 min. away. I walked in around 5:30ish on a Friday and it was pretty empty, there were only about 2-3 other tables occupied. Score for me! I had my pick of tables and booths to choose from. I settled into my booth and tackled the menu, I thought it was nice that they had several tvs hanging around the restaurant which worked out great for folks like me who decided to dine alone :-)So I got right to it, I ordered the 2 lbs of the king crab legs with the whole shabang medium sauce and the Cajun fries. I was going to order the catfish as well but thought that it would be way too much food for me. I was right the crab legs and fries were a perfect dinner for me! The whole shabang sauce that everyone raves about lived up to the hype! It was garlicky, spicy and delicious; I even dipped my fries in it! The fries were crispy and delicious and the Cajun seasoning had just the right amount of spice to them. Service was pretty standard not bad but not spectacular. All in all I was impressed with my first boiling crab experience, I will def. be sure to check out one of the locations in Cali :-)The great debate is over! I've finally dipped my sinful fingers in a one pound bag of shrimp, drenched with SHABANG sauce. The controversal question that lingers everyone's mind is...HOT AND JUICY OR BOILING CRAB? Who is the king of ocean shell eats?!?!?! A great first for me tonight at Boiling Crab, and I must confess, my heart is in the middle.  I'm at a 50/50 decision here where one seafood joint outruns one trait and another for something different.Here are the pros and cons: While the 1 pound shrimp may feel like you're being swindled in quantity, I think the quality of shrimp cancels it out. The shrimp SIZE is big. Which I am thankful for since it requires less work in peeling shrimp, and the taste of wonderful shrimp does suffice at every bite. It gets discouraging sometimes peeling small shrimp, and feeling like you didn't pop enough shrimp in your mouth to enjoy it. The SHABANG SAUCE tastes different from HOT AND JUICY's house sauce. Shabang is a bit more tangy, salty, and less spicy. Which I actually love. If you're an indecisive person when pick a good sauce, pick the Shabang since it compiles all the sauces together. I went for mild tonight to be safe, and thankfully it wasn't as spicy as I would have assumed.25 cents for a cup of water. This turned me off a bit since that was a first for me, and I always thought water is complementary in every restaurant. Also, I heard from my friends the catfish isn't that great. But, I think thats expected because fried catfish isn't fried catfish unless its from the south, or with a little soul! Service was great! They were very friendly, and always returned with your requests promptly. The fun part is the idea of writing on the wall. I mean, you came, you saw, you conquered. Might as well let everyone know you were there!We had heard that H n J and Boiling Crab's owners or businesses were related, and had always wanted to try what our Cali friends were raving about.  We were stoked to see that it had come to town, and with such great reviews in such a short period of time, so we had to give it a try.First, our seafood resume:

This is an upscale modern Mexican restaurant, nice hip marble top bar and some very nice original art pieces throughout the restaurant. A nice patio area with rattan furniture and giant parasols for a nice outdoor dining experience.  Sat at the bar and service was decent. This time I got the espada (swordfish) tacos and the ceviche mixto, both items were on the miniature size but the flavors were grande! not enough to fill me up but just enough to be satisfied. Can't wait to try so many other options on the menu that sounded very promising.   Back to value..It is kind of odd sitting at the bar at a Mexican restaurant order some drinks and not being offered chips and salsa, and even though cheap food shouldn't be expected here, with prices being a little bit over the comfort zone for tacos throwing in some complimentary chips and salsa shouldn't kill you, but skimping might, besides no restaurant ever in the history of Mexican restaurants ever charged extra for salsa! That's like the taco law, free salsa for all tacos. The good and the reason for 4 stars... Happy hour is between 4 to 6 pm on weekdays and also late happy hour from 10 to 12am, also on Tuesdays they offer 50% off for all industry employees, automatically turning Tuesdays into my most anticipated day of the week surpassing Game of Thrones Sundays.

OrderedTuna nigiri

Kinley Lemon- EnglandTray 2

Crab Legs - I don't think I am the first to remark that you get ALL you can eat crab legs here. Crab Legs...all you can eat.

Pros:

- I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a good deal on a buffet. Everyone has to have a palm's club card though or it's at least $5 more.I read some of the recent reviews and decide it's worth a visit.  We got huge classes of orange juice, lunch is $19.99 or $12.99 with player's card since it's new years day.  Great food, attentive service, fancy decor, overall I am pleased!For those who are planning to eat here soon and want to see how the Palms buffet looks like before you go. I have recorded a full STEADY HD video of the Palms buffet on my youtube channel or you can click on the link below or go on youtube and type "Slow and Steady Palms buffet tour."http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnji8NWzYzQ

weekend...

Good bowl of menudo. Great hospitality. .I get in, get out with what I need and it's easy as that! The ladies are always very helpful with any questions you have about products. The store is well stocked and if you don't see what you are looking for, just ask and someone will check the back for you. Happened to me the last time I went in looking for my Ringlet hair creme.Hard not to like Ulta.  They play the coupon game very well, constantly sending the Princess percent off or dollar off coupons and mailers.  I like that their pricing is consistent and well priced rather than high-low to encourage coupon use.  Basically you get a fair deal without a coupon and a pretty good deal with the coupon.  They have a growing selection of high quality Ulta brand items and all of the name brand hair care products salons have (Paul Mitchell for example).  Nice selection of personal care items for us guys, great selection of colognes and grooming aids.  Always clean and personable staff.Sometimes the sales advertised isn't what you expected but spending the next 20 minutes of your life trying to get the deal you want isn't worth the trouble.  I think they know that so they make the advertisements purposely obscure!  Having spent a pretty penny at this place for our kiddo's needs and wants is an understatement.  I like how the Babies R Us and Toys R Us are connected.  Makes getting things to get easier.  It's generally well stocked but at times a little messy.  The staff is generally nice and helpful.  Make sure you do price checks ... they hardly ever have the best deal unless u use one of their coupons.It's Worth A LookI needed to pick up a gift card and toy for my friends son's birthday, so I decided to visit Toys R Us . I was looking for hard to find toy (Black Panter Marvel action figure) . Let me just say, the sales associates at Toys R Us go out of their way to help you locate exactly what you are looking for. It's a nice change when a sales associate walks you over to where an item is located instead of pointing and saying "over there".Toys R Us has electronics, games, bikes, videos and everything inbetween.  Reasonable prices, and helpful sales associates keep me coming backThe store is clean and the products are easy to find.This store is one of very descent Joann fabric stores.  Since I'm a quilter I wish they carry more cotton fabrics.  One thing bothers me is some of sales associates still cut fabrics short.  Also I bought some remnants yesterday and measurements was 1 inch more than actual length, it's not a lot to return or get refund though.................   So far I'm happy to shop there.Customer service can occasionally leave a little to be desired but usually everyone is wonderful.  I find the best times to go is when there is a great sale, so stay tuned for coupons and ads because you can really save a bunch.  Fabric department is generally pretty knowledgeable and able to help with questions.My go to place for just about any and all craft!

The soup dishes weren't anything to rave about, but decent. on the other hand, the chef sure does know how to work a wok.The stir fried hollow vegetables were cooked perfectly!Overall, a very good lunch spot.Four-and-a-Half Shiny Stars for China Mama Restaurant!  I'm super picky about my Chinese food because many of the restaurants cater to the Western palate.  China Mama is as authentic as it gets!  The restaurant is located off the main Las Vegas strip in a small strip mall.  The restaurant offers Taiwanese and Mainland Chinese food.My table mates were very safe with their food offerings, but I threw in a couple of my favorites.  To start, we had the Mongolian Beef.  I didn't order this, but I'm glad that someone did.  The dish was created with very tender and flavorful beef sauteed with white onions, green onions, and a hint of garlic.  The flavor was outstanding, and I think this was the best Mongolian Beef that I've ever had!   Grade:  A!The second dish was the restaurant favorite, Xiao Long Bao (XLB).  The XLB came out 8 to a serving and was served piping hot.  Each dumpling has a bit of juice in it and it had very strong flavors of ginger.  Delicious and fun to eat.  Grade:  BThe third dish was basil chicken.  Served in a little pot with a gel flame to heat the dish, the chicken was cooked with a soy glaze and heavy hints of basil.  I again didn't order this, but glad that someone did.  The flavors were bold and strong.  Grade:  A-The fourth dish was stir fried green beans.  Typical string beans sauteed with green onions, garlic, and dried shrimp.  It was delicious!   They added additional flavors in this dish that made it taste more savory than the typical way it is presented in other restaurants.  Grade:  B+The fifth dish was the spicy fish hot pot.  This dish can be ordered as non-hot or as bit arsh hot that you can stand it.  We ordered the dish as spicy.  The fish was generous, delicious and hearty.  There was cabbage (napa cabbage) below the fish.  The soup was presented in a soup-oil broth complete with spicy red peppers!  One thing that I missed about this dish was that it didn't have the typical szchuan peppercorns that numb the tongue.   The dish was spicy, but it didn't have the depth that it normally has with the peppercorns.  Grade:  B+Service was great!  There was two main waitresses that worked the 20+ tables.  The younger of the two (daughter?) was very pleasant and allowed me to practice my Chop Suey Chinglish (I tried to speak Taiwanese / Mandarin / Cantonese all at once).  She understood me 100% and I had a good laugh!  The older waitress was a bit more serious!This is a great place ot take family and/or friends.  They have an extensive menu of items (7+ pages of dishes!).Food Grade:  B+/A-

My hour massage went by quickly as we talked about various things. It was quite pleasant. He was very strong and informative about the muscles in my body, especially that of my shoulders as that was where my kink was.Even after my massage, he gave me recommendations on how to handle my kink should I get it again and how to take care of it prior to massages.All-in-all, a great experience and my kink was gone =)I didnt' get the yearly membership but, my first time fee was $49. Can't go wrong with that!For some reason 50% of the time I call no one answers the phone. I love a few therapists at this location and prefer the therapists here compared to the other locations in Henderson. If you want to save money I'd also recommend buying discounted gift certificates to massage envy online for up to an additional 35% off. Can't beat it. If you're really into foot massages, then Chinese Reflexology on the 2nd story of the Chinatown mall are the best in town. 30 min for $18 (foot bath not part of the 30min) is a steal considering the massages are incredible.4 stars for my go too therapists. Unfortunately there rating system sucks and you will have to try therapists until you find the style you want. I am from Cali originally and really know and how to explain what I'm looking for. The staff is friendly, location is clean, but they did not help in the process of finding my go too therapists, which sucks because of wasted time and more important money. It is not cheap as you can get better pricing in Cali, but I have my go too's but because they so good sometimes it's hard too book when my schedule allows, still trying to find another to add to my list, hope i do not waste too much money till I do.The perfect treat after a long month of work! They really listened and customized my massages to my needs and paired me with the perfect massage therapist. The front desk staff is very friendly and recognize their clients, which is great! The location is very clean and welcoming, the massage rooms are very tranquil and the music choice is perfect.The pricing is a little scary, having to pay almost 60 a month can add up and their policy to cancel your account is a bit crazy.I have been a member here for at least 3 years. You have to find the therapist that best suits your needs.Sometimes the therapists keep talking even when you give them hints that you want to relax. I have encountered a few that do not keep consistent flow or break patterns which is not relaxing to me. After going to many different ones I really appreciate a few great therapists, but Frankie is Amazing.! He helped resolve my post workout sore muscle issues. He is very professional and asks & listens to your needs about pressure. Although I hope that after giving him props that I can still get my sessions with him;) His establishment should know what an asset he is to their company.I'm not much of a coffee drinker myself, but my wife is. Sometimes when she would go to starbucks, she'd bring one back for me.  Anyways, I drove by Bad Ass one day and told her we should give it a shot... you know? break the starbucks monotony.The first time we went, I made the mistake of getting a drink made with dark chocolate... Not bad... just not for me. I've never been a dark chocolate fan and it just made the drink really bitter to me... but I wanted to give them another chance. And I'm really happy we did.So far, I've had the one with pralines/honey... loved it.

-- The "real" Ginger Beer; usually made with Kirin beer and ginger syrup has been replaced with a non-alcoholic one on the menu.  I have them make it with bud light to save a few calories, and still -- so good.

--The view is awesome if you sit by the window or patio.

Food was great.  Had lots of food and everything was good.  Hightlights included the grilled shrimp with beans as an appetizer, the papperdele with shellfish entree and the veal chop.  Portions were large. Everything cooked perfect.

The views: Still amazing as the first time I visit, for my boy the first time always breath taking, with eagle figure spread it's wing on the distance... the skywalk that  my son went through is was alright  ( I did not go because the height ). We also had a short hike along the rim all the way up top to get 360 views of this land, it was a hot and dry day for us, but we were but having a good time before lunch proving by the trip.The trip was great; we may not visit again in the near future, but for you taking this trip at least one in your life time to see the nature wonder in your own eyes. !My husband and I wanted to tour both the Grand Canyon and the Hoover Dam. Pink Jeeps is one of the few places that offer a combination tour. The tour is all day long (approximately 10 hours). We were picked up at our hotel at 6:30 am and after a few other pick ups, we went to the West Rim of the Grand Canyon. Our tour guide was very knowledgeable about the landscape and surroundings. We were able to tour the Hualapai reservation which allows tours to make 3 stops on the reservation to get different views of the canyon. You have the option of going on the skywalk for an extra $36 a person at the first stop.After touring the canyon, our tour guide next took us to the Hoover Dam. She gave us more background information and then gave us tickets for the Power Plant tour.Overall, it was a nice tour, but pricey. You do get lunch and a light breakfast (danish and juice). If you mention that you are a AAA member, you are eligible for 10% off.Jurgen was a great guide! Very knowledgeable and fun!I highly recommend this tour, I wish I could have done the longer tour with lunch, it's worth every penny. A fun and hilarious time!No one wants to deal with water damage to your home. When I woke up Christmas morning it looked like Santa had a snow party on my roof and then forgot that the snow melts and can leak through the roof. Well, that's not exactly how the damage happened, but you get the point. I called Service Master and they came out immediately to help mitigate the damage to my home. They set up their dryers and diagnosed the problem pretty quick. We had a lot of different dryers going on for a couple days in my home. Brandon was assigned to my case and came every day to check on the dryers and the area that was being dried to make sure the dryers were being effective. At a certain point, when an area was not getting dried quickly, he determined it was best to cut an additional hole in a wall to get to the area to dry. The hole was effective and got the area to dry so that they could get out of my house sooner!After they had left, I had notice an area on a sidewall was damaged from their ladder. I had been taking photos of the process as advised by my insurance company and the damage was exactly where the ladder had been. I called Brandon to advise what had happened. I sent him photos of them working and the damage to the wall. He called his supervisor and had his supervisor call me. I advised how much the estimate was to fix the damage and they agreed to take it off my bill. Yeah, it sucked my house got damage from them working. But, it was an honest mistake and I was happy they worked with me and resolved it fairly. Brandon was very professional throughout the entire process and really helped me navigate the water claim. I do wish they would invest in some booties for their shoes while they are working as I don't really like shoes tromping all over my carpet.. But its time to get the carpet cleaned anyways, so I did not complain.Want to give 4.5 stars. Overall positive experience. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Dr Brooker was EXCELLENT. Took his time and explained everything to me. Very thorough eye exam. Felt comfortable and confident that I had a knowledgable, caring Dr doing the eye exam.I was fortunate enough to have vision insurance. Not sure what price would be like without insurance. Hoping something I can afford, because I'd like to continue seeing Dr Brooker in the future, whether or not I still have vision insurance.Definitely recommend this office. There is a 2nd Dr, and from the reviews I've read she also seems Excellent.Pretty good experinece. Scheduling was a breeze, office staff was nice, doctor was knowledgeable, but when it came to getting my glasses, it took forever. I think I waited almost 3 weeks. My first pair's frames arrived damaged so they shattered when they put them in. Then when I picked them up, they hadn't put the no-glare film on them and I had to take them back and have them re-order. Once I got what I needed, it was fine... just a long process. I paid a lot for what I got, so I'd probably try another place before coming back... but it was a good experience for the most part.They finally corrected this Sam's Club with a much-needed remodeling.  Now it is just like all the other Sam's Clubs with the exception of a gas station, which is a drawback.  This Club is very nicely located, but may not have a large selection of parking.  This is also the first one in Vegas, built in 1991.According to my husband this is the best one, and not all the SC stores carry the same products (which I find really weird, but whatever). We've gone to this one several times. Greetings and promotions (gotta show your membership card) upon entering the store, which I've come to name "the swapmeet hustle." You know, the "Can I ask you a question?" or "Do you know about....?" They've come to be a reality now whenever you go shopping at a mall setting (it's so annoying).The layout is easy enough- it's a warehouse, basically. The items are well-stocked. It's a clean store. The employees are helpful (when asking about a product you don't see on the floor) and nice.  Sunday was our most recent visit. Samples are the weekend usual ritual here. We sampled soup, organic fruit and beef jerky. There was much more, too like, toaster strudel and some others in the frozen food section. The best prices are: the princess (disney- very yummy) seedless green grapes for $3.98, a 24 pk. pure life bottled water for $3.98, strawberries, 2 lbs. for $3.48, chicken sausage- a large pack with 3 rows, for $11.98 (hint: freeze the rows so you have it handy), sandwich thins, 18 pk. for $3.98. We don't buy a large amount of groceries here because we only shop for ourselves (2 people can't finish these large quantities of food items). But when we shop here, we do like what we get. It's hard to beat the prices on the items I just mentioned. You also show your membership card at checkout. Keep your receipt handy; on the way out, someone will check it off. There is a cafe, which is also very popular, due to low prices. Even with their availability of seating (picnic tables), it's always a packed house.Parking is not a problem for us. There is ample parking in front and as well as the side of the building.Not in the fanciest neighborhood, but this location has items that I have found for myself that the other Sams Club doesn't carry.  This is where I found a large pack of Portuguese Sausage, the Hawaiian kine :).  Jesse N.  was ecstatic to see that it was his favorite brand too.  I shop at this location often because its fairly close to where I work.  I sometimes order pizza for my employees from here.  I love their pizzas.  If you ask nicely, they can even throw on some extra toppings.  I even come here to pick up some meat and chicken to bbq.  This location is the one that has boneless/skinless chicken thighs.  Its almost a rarity to find that now a days.  Other than that, in comparison to other Warehouse Bulk stores, easy to shop around, if you take the time, you might see specials that they are offering on certain items, always is nice to come in when they are giving samples too.  Plus I've always met friendly staff here.Shop awayI like this one much better than the one on Serene. The isles are much bigger, I didn't bump into anyone once!I have been going to this SAMs club for several years. The have many bulk items at decent prices. I compared a few items and it is worth getting at SAMs vs. a grocery store.  Friendly service and not usually a lineSams Club - Pecos is the old school Sams location in Vegas. It doesn't have gas pumps or car washes. Some people think the location can be sketchy as it's not Summerlin. But if you want to get in, get what you want and not fight a horde of people most of the time to do it, this is the location to shop at. My family in one form or another has held a Sams Club membership since they opened their 2nd location in Missouri 30 years ago. Some gripes about Sams Club never change and certainly apply to the Pecos location. Checkout can be slow. They don't always restock the carts. And why do they make the cashiers lift every single flat of water out of the cart? Beyond all that this location isn't flashy but it's one of the better locations I've seen in 14 states. Why? The shelves are stocked, the place is clean, and while you may have to wait in a line or two the staff will help you if you need it. (Tip: The WalMart Money Services ATM has a weird $300 limit for cash transactions while most other places are $400). 4 Stars.I enjoy this Sam's Club, great variety of many things as majority of Sam's Club do. The only thing that I was unpleasant with was my cashier at the food court. I had asked a few questions about prices and the food offered there, and she was getting aggravated that I was asking questions. I asked 2. When she turned around to get our frozen yogurt, she was super happy with your co worker. I was extremely annoyed with her attitude toward me.Back in 1998, I was a regular Sam's Club member and after 1 year decided to become a Costco member. Now 15 years later, my Costco membership was up for renewal. I thought I would keep an open mind and compare these 2 competitors.Rolled up to a practically empty parking lot last Wednesday afternoon and walked right past the lady checking membership cards, who did not bother to look twice to see I had no card.This giant store at Trop & Pecos offers many of the departments I regularly use at Costco. (e.g., Water, Meats, Produce, Bakery, Frozen, Photos, Pharmacy, etc).The store was very clean and their were plenty of employees in all areas of this store. I spoke to at least 5 employees in 30 minutes or less. Each and all of them were very friendly and professional.*The aisles are marked!**What a concept!***Love it!***Easy to find what you're looking for quickly!Sure is frustrating at Costco to walk in and get lost looking for something, because at Costco they do NOT have marked aisles. SAM'S CLUB HAS MARKED AISLES TO HELP SHOPPERS!The bakery area had a pretty good selection! The bottled water area offers more of a selection than Costco.Meat department was ok. Not much fresh seafood! The quality of the red meat did not overwhelm my eyes/tastebuds! Frozen food area was quite large, but I did not recognize many of the high quality food manufacturers I prefer.The produce area was not very impressive in a non-refrigerated area, located between the meats and frozen foods.The candy section was two long rows filled with everything sweet getting ready for Halloween. Nice to see!Photo department lady was very friendly and thorough explaining how they process.Surprisingly, there was no line at the pharmacy! Also, a minimal wait at the food court to enjoy a delicious Nathan's hot dog, despite the dried out bun! Membership department had no sign detailing annual fees, so I had to wait over 10 minutes to inquire with a lady who was nice, but unable to effectively communicate membership details; requiring a manger to better explain membership options.Overall, this Sam's Club offers many excellent product selections; especially for families with growing children. However, many specific products I regularly purchase were not offered at this Sam's Club. I am a creature of habit when it comes to grocery shopping and prefer to not start over with substitute products that I am unfamiliar.Sam's Club has several convenient locations valley-wide, specifically this Trop & Pecos location. and Sam's Club is $10 less than Costco for an annual membership. and I think Nathan's hot dogs taste delicious when eaten with a soft bun! However, based on my family needs, I renewed my Costco membership!YELP 250 CHALLENGE 2015: #230I think this may be the cheapest gas in Las Vegas! I recently got a free Sam's Club membeship with my AmEx, so when I opened GasBuddy and saw the price at this Sam's Club, I took a drive over after hitting the airport to check my PO Box. I got scolded by the kid working for pulling in the wrong way, which was hilarious to me. I saw the arrows, but it was too late. Anyway, I'm sure I'll be back here a few more times this year untl my membership expires.This company has their own line of Cigars.  Picked a few stick up on my way in for big smoke.   Cigars were nice.  The guy helping us not so much.  He was clueless about their youtube video and had no clue what a Boveda was?  For real?  You want out of town business, the fill in employees need more traning.Leaving Sunset Park we noticed a cigar company and figured what the hell and went in. I was surprised to find it wasn't a tobacco shop, but a handmade cigar line of cigars. I know, I know the name implies it, but I've seen some general shops go by "company" even when they don't make anything. We were greeted by the owner of the store who explained who they are and what they do. They do not carry any other cigars, just theirs. He apparently used to be on the strip, but has since scaled down and has been in this location for a long time. With over 25 years of business this is a cool support-your-locals stop, a solid Vegas institution of unique smokes. You can smoke there, there are various seats and billiards even. They have their standard medium bodied, a full bodied maduro, something labeled cubadom, their premium Don Bernardo line and flavor laced cigars. Each category had various sizes. We went with their medium bodied in a Montefino size. You can check out on their website what they sell and can order online as well. Reasonably priced, it was about $11 for both our cigars. He was very friendly and personable the whole time so the service was good. My only irk is man when people assume I don't smoke and when I say I do usually point me to a flavor because I'm a lady. I get it, I'm not the typical client, but there is a 60 year old refined man inside me that smokes cigars and drinks scotch in a 24 year old lady body. While we can smoke there, I decided to take it home where it can be enjoyed with scotch in my panties out on my porch at 3am (until nightbees made me run the hell inside). The cigar was a bit spicy for my personal taste, but very nice roll on these as the draw was easy and wonderful. While skinny ones tend to be easier to draw, some still don't hit to this easy level. It was quality indeed. If you're looking for a unique Vegas gift for a smoker or want something different for your everyday smoke, look no further.Feeling lazy I took my truck in last week to have some brake lines replaced and the axle seals replaced.  I've had the truck for 7 years and I've never let anyone else touch it.  The cynic in me fully expected some sort of disaster to occur.  Low and behold everything was done right.  No leaks, no squeaks and no BS.  I talked with Brian.  He didn't try to up sell me on anything and they finished the job when they said they would.  Those two things combined are a rare combination these days.Their shop rate is on the high side at $98 but they didn't take their sweet time doing the work so I felt like the overall cost was still reasonable.Thanks!My family has been going to Nikki Lee's for years now and always enjoyed the PIzza and Wings special.  We are big fans of the fried eggplant pizza with the BBQ and teriyaki flavored wings.  The bar and restaurant are very basic but adequate enough to enjoy a cocktail and your favorite sport.  Overall, well priced and well run.Cools sports bar & Great bar food.Located near the Mc D's on Sunset and Eastern I've only had 1 item on the menu every time I go here.  The "HOT WING" PIE!!  If you like wings and pizza this is the dish for you.  Its a magical bond between the two staples.  The Ambiance is tuned for all sports lovers with memorabilia all over the place.  And for all you drinkers, there is a huge bar with wonders galore (cool bartenders).Service was always good for me but not outstanding.We've been here a few times, with my father-in-law and his wife, for dinner. Huge sports bar, with loads of memorabilia and tvs playing sports games, usually pretty empty; jeez, hope this place stays open. If you find that the cheese pizza is very similar to Villa Pizza's, it's because my fil said it's the same recipe- he knows his Villa Pizza history (he knows the owner). It's what we usually order- the 18" for $14.95. The crust is thin, the New York style cheese pizza (although might seem plain to you) is perfect (except I do add pepper flakes) and pretty reasonable. Us ladies shared a basic salad. The friendly server was pretty good. She resembled a friend/neighbor at the gym. In fact, I think we saw her there recently, how funny, small world. And yes, we also have leftovers. A reliable place for New York style cheese pizza- there are so many places in Las Vegas that claim that, but they're fakes.Nikki Lee's is great for lunch if you have a full hour. It's a big sports bar with lots of TV's and tons of cool memorabilia on the walls..in short a typical sports bar. While service can be achingly slow at times (one of my major pet peeves) it's offset by great lunch specials and great food. I've tried everything from their spaghetti to calzones to their garlic bread, and I keep coming back. For lunch this is one of my tried and true fail safe spots. I've never been here after work, it's always for lunch...I never have time after work but with the larger screen TV's mounted up where you can actually see them, if I could I would.My indoor soccer team goes here almost every week after our game, and I always enjoy it.  The only thing I've had is their $20 large-pizza-and-2-pitchers-of-beer special, but I must say their pizza is really tasty & much better than you'd expect from a sports bar.  Service is always good and it's the perfect place to chill out -- and the guys love all the TV's with sports playing.  Ambiance is what you would expect from a typical sports bar, but it's definitely a fun spot to go with friends.  Try the pizza and beer special, it's great! :)My boyfriend and I have been trying to find a decent spot close to us to watch our seahawks games...after trying a few places we stopped at nikki lee's. Not only do they have every game playing but ours happen to be on one of the huge screens!!! we were on a very tight budget so we couldnt take advantage of the awesome pizza beer special but for under 20$ we got 2 all you can drink sodas (huge pounder glasses) an basket of stealth fries for first half and Nachos for second half. stealth fries are basic shoe string but you can also get waffle or steak fries. Nachos were the hit! Huge plate had what we call superman nachos with cheese sauce and shredded cheese. fresh salsa, olives, jalapanos and sour cream. we didnt get meat due to budget but you can order with a meat or chili for 3$ dollars more. we left full and happy especially cause yeah boy we won! and they also have video poker but my machine didnt work and bartender was a little rude about it so i didnt play. We will definatley be back with more money to have the pizza  special!I love this place !!!!!  Great place for lunch, Tuesday & Thursday Buy one get one special !!!  Lasagna & pizza are my favorites!!!good food, fun ambiance, cool people!  Definitely a fanHad a very good experience here. we got the pizza and 2 pitcher deal and the pizza was really good and the cheese was awesome. the server was also very friendly and had a bubbly personality and even if the food wouldent have been good she would have made it worth the time.My brother and I were supposed to go to a movie but ended up stopping by here for lunch. Never made it to the movie but they had good pizza and my brother swears by their ranch.Pretty much just a solid spot to go to after a game for a few drinks.Location: It really isn't too hard to find. Right next to sunset park and inside the mcdonalds plaza. They still have their old sign or new? Called bentleys but this is that place. Customer service here was really good. Came in here with a group of 8 and they immediately got the tables set up for us. Our waiter super patient with us when we were looking at what we wanted to eat. We were always checked up on and refilled but at the same time it was never over bearing. I ended up ordering the meatball stromboli. And fuck. The sauce it came with was super freaking dank. The stromboli itself was perfectly cooked and the meatballs were on point. They didn't hold back on the meat too it was pretty much all meatballs and small bread. Perfection! Since we were a group of 8 I expected it to take awhile to cook everything, but they were pretty prompt on making everything. Their waffles fries tasted pretty good too.I think the prices are just a touch more than what it should be, but other from that I have no complaints.Food is good, but ambiance can use a bit of updating.  Tables feel like there's a sticky film permanently on them.  No divider from the smokey bar.   Carpet looks like it hasn't been cleaned since they opened.After mutual actions all matters have been resolved and the Windows operate appropriatelyLike a large percent of people, I came in here because I'm a fan of the "Tanked" TV show on Animal Planet.I only recently started watching the show a few months ago, but became a fan right away and figured it would be cool to stop by and check out ATM since I'm out here in Vegas.  It was about 4pm, and I walked the main door trying to find out how to go about going on a Tour of the Facility though no one was sitting at the front desk...and I was hoping to meet the General.I then walked over next door to the ATM store and was immediately greeted by one of Wayde's Tabby cats who was laying down on the counter just relaxing.  There was a sight seeing tour inside and a large group of people were gathering around Wayde and his wife Heather to take pictures.  My girlfriend walked in shortly after and we too took a few snapshots with them.  I spoke with the Kings for a few minutes and they were really down to earth people (tried to figure out a fish pun here).  As were were chatting I could hear his Macaws in the back and I asked if it was okay to see the Birds.  He said there was a little hallway in the back where you could see them, but we were not allowed in the back as they were filming an Episode of Tanked.  The Birds were cool, and my girlfriend pointed out a cubicle in the back that had a bunch of Robbie Redneck's stuff.My niece and nephew loved the show TANKED. So my brother and sister in law and husband all stopped by here. They have some really cool tanks in there (obviously) but its cool to see them up close and personal. They have  bunch of cool fish....some crazy expensive ones. They also have parrots there that say hello. :) super cute.When we walked in we were greeted by the friendly staff and their pig which was super cute! The guys were filming int he green room so we were asked to stay quite which was fine.if you are a fan of the show you should defintly stop by.Being fans of the show we had to stop by while visiting Vegas. It was neat to see, but nothing phenomenal. We were asked about the tour, it seems everyone that comes in is offered a tour, I don't know if there are really tour times, or just people are here, wanna pay to meet Wade? We did not go on the tour. We walked around and looked over the fence, there was NOTHING going on, nobody around in the work area. In the shop there were a lot of tanks for sale and fish, I don't know much about fish, but they say there is a 24 hour guarantee, with all kinds of requirements, I think if I am paying thousands for a tank and hundreds on fish, they would last more than 24 hours, especially with a service maintaining it. While we were walking up my wife tripped and almost took out the General. That was a highlight, but we couldn't get a picture with him or even of him as he bolted inside the office. We ended up spending a few hundred on shirts for everyone, and they threw in some autographed pictures.This was our first stop on the VIP Pawn Stars tour. We got to meet The General and he was funny. Merchandise seemed high priced, but...it's a themed shop so that is to be expected. I enjoyed the experience and so far would recommend.We love the show so thought we would stop by I'm so glad we did. We got to meet, get pictures and autographs from all the stars. The tour it's self was also great if not for the high price would have given 5 stars.Their pool studio program is really nice. Every time I need help with something I call them and they help me with whatever questions I have. Customer service reps are very friendly, the monthly fee is a little high for the amount of times that I use the program per month (maybe once).. But I do love the customer service that is why I have been paying membership for about 2 years now. Keep up the good work guys.I usually see The PA Linda Rosenberg.  She is great.  She listened and helped me with my back problem.  My parents have both had good experience with Dr. WicklerQuick and easy for the laser hair treatment. The office was big.. Quiet.. Had TVs and magazine to keep the ones waiting.. Happily waiting. We did have a 630p appointment.Been coming here since I was a kid.  Doctors are great!  Linda Rosenburg is a great PA.My husband & I had our 1st visit with Dr. Erik Wikler this week after our insurance changed. As an R.N. of 45 years, I was very impressed with Dr. Wikler, as well as the entire staff. It was a very thorough initial exam & we never felt rushed. Follow up exam, referrals, labs & xray all ordered in a timely manner. We look forward to a long association with the Wikler practice.Very helpful salesman to find boxes appropriate for my needs. Good prices, they basically sell anything and everything related to boxes, moving and shipping supplies, very organized store too!I took off a star because I called back to arrange for freight shipping and a) left a voicemail during off hours and no one called me back and b) when I eventually called back and spoke with someone he told me to call back in 2 days when someone else could help me. Bah!Wouldn't normally come here but needed a special box for a canvas print I needed to mail. Great customer service here! The young man that helped me was very nice and so helpful. Cost overall was $7, and that included the cost of the box and the labor involved (a lot of cutting and taping). I decided to mail it by USPS at his suggestion, because it would be cheaper. I appreciated his honesty about that.HUGE portions and great dishes.

1 étoile: Pu jamais! Une des pires expériences de ma vie. 2 étoiles: Bof. Fallait l'essayer. Mais je n'y retournerai pas à moins d'être obligé.

(we have similar boardwalks back here at home out into the swamps ,but i wouldnt walk them in the summer due to the heat and humidity  (we live in southern florida,the subtropical area)

Easy parking

Great atmosphere, very open and spaciousThe Cons:

- Appetizers were really flavorful and deliciousTips:

-pork sinigang (not that tasty)

==============

Service: Great! Our sever recommended his favorite drinks and was helpful answering questions about the food.

Overall, hiking Camelback is a great experience that I'd highly recommend to anyone visiting the area.We did the Echo trail ascent. While it's mostly a hike, there are some parts that could be more aptly described as a climb.  Best to have more than 20 oz of water per person and maybe a small snack, banana, etc.. Recommend carrying your water in a bag on your back. It's difficult to climb certain parts of the trail while holding onto a bottle of water. Parking is controlled and very limited, but spots open up throughout the morning.  Echo trail parking lot is located at the entrance to a residential neighborhood. On the day we visited, a gentleman in a black Jaguar laid on his horn as he was unable to make his way through traffic to his street. Not surprisingly, we heard later that police were ticketing cars that were in line to get into the parking lot. There were more than a few people who chose to listen to music without headphones, which was a delight that reminded me of riding the bus or subway.Echo is definitely challenging, providing several different terrains (flat, gravel, smooth rock, rough rock), steep climbs and beautiful views. The trail is maintained well and there are two safety rails to assist climbers on the steep rocks. The trail can get very crowded and the popularity of the trail does not provide enough parking during the busy months. Arrive early to avoid having to park down the street as they close the lot when it's full. The trail is worth it and the view is worth seeing at least once.Just completed this hike today. Man, was it hot! The majority of it was an incline. I almost gave up half way through but decided to push on. The view was beautiful!  Coming down wasn't as bad, but still rough. We also saw a snake and a bunch of lizards.After living in Miami for most of my life, I moved west. This was the first time I have ever done any climbing. All I can say is far more challenging than it seems when you start out. My boyfriend (who is a very experienced climber), should have known to prepare me and us better for this 2700 foot climb... A lot of water is a necessity! I wanted to quit so many times but I could not fail or my boyfriend would have lost respect for me! lol What a sense of accomplishment reaching the top!!! We saw so many animals along the way and when we reached the top, hummingbirds were literally flying around me like I was flower nectar! The descent was significantly harder (I'm afraid of heights and I was seriously dehydrated at that point) but the sense of accomplishment was amazing! I would totally do this again but be prepared next time!Conquering Camelback has been on my bucket list since I found out what a bucket list was. I have an extreme fear of heights and have always had to stop at the part with the rails because I got too scared. This time was different. I was going to beat Camelback, panic attacks and all!I started with a friend who has done Echo ~10 times before (thank god, because he brought a Camelbak). Going up, I didn't realize how much I would be using my hands. I kept thinking how this was more of a rock climbing experience than a hike. When it came to the first set of rails, I thought I was cool enough to not need them. Wrong. As soon as I realized I had nowhere for my feet to go, I turned around and saw the steep drop and almost pooped my pants. Seriously. A fellow hiker was nice enough to encourage me and I managed to get across to the rails. (Warning: do not proceed up the slippery rock to the right of the rails. Just don't.)The steep incline didn't really get to me until after the second set of rails. As I looked up, I knew how high I was and started freaking out again. I had to mentally get myself out of the panic attacks I was having by looking at the children (literally, 7 year olds) and older folk (literally, 65 year olds) that were doing this with ease. Alas, with many breaks along the way, I made it to the top. But that was only half the fun, because I had the entire way down to look forward to!Surprisingly, going down was like, 150% easier than going up. It was hotter and more crowded (we started at 7 AM) so the number of people was annoying. However, I made it down without any falls or injuries. Yay. When I got off the mountain, I can honestly say I have never felt so accomplished with a physical task. It was WELL worth the blood, sweat, and almost tears!(Also, this provided an awesome full body workout. My polar HR *said* I burned 1000 calories in the 1:45:00 it took to do the entire hike.)Tips (from my experience):

Ignacio always goes for the Guacamole burger here on a Jalapeno bun and Uriel always gets the Burnin Love Burger on a Jalapeno bun.  Me, I love the fish & chips.  The frys here are nice crispy fat steak frys and we love em.  Ask for some before your meal and they will keep them coming free of charge.

This will be a regular spot for this local.My husband and I tried this place for the first time tonight. My tepanyaki was amazing. My husband had sashimi and loved it. The pieces were a little small and the menus were sticky, otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.Love, love, love this place!  Been going there for a few years now, back when it was Fukuda.  The sashimi and California rolls are fantastic here.  I had the sushi bridge, and it was so neat, a little wooden bridge on a platter filled with some of the freshest rolls around, tuna, unagi, tobiko, and nigiri...For lunch we always get the bento box, which is a STEAL for 8.95. You get miso soup, salad, crab rolls, pork katsu (or salmon or beef), gyoza dumplings, and tempura shrimp and vegetables!  Rolls are always half off so we get a nice plate of spicy tuna to go with that bento box.  Oh, and the service can be a bit spotty at times, but no big deal.  Every server we've ever had there has been great to us, even if they were a little slow.  So, I recommend this place to anyone wanting some nice, fresh sushi or rolls.  I love Fukuda (Err, I mean Samurai), and hope you will too! Sayonara!!Happy early birthday to me! :p cute place great prices for teppanyaki! 50% off sushi everyday can't beat that! Me and my husband shared the filet mignon, chicken teriyaki, and shrimp! For about 30 dollars :)) not bad at all. Of course we had a few drinks soo it cost a little more ;)). I can't wait to go back!!There's some things about Samurai that I love and some things that I don't particularly like....however the good outweighs the bad in my case.Pros:*Half-off sushi- good quality fish/product, yummy roll combos and easy on your wallet

1oz. Sloe gin

Quick drive/bike ride to ASU and the light rail

Then icecream tooo yesss please.This is an awesome workday lunch spot! The sandwiches and salads are delicious, the staff is nice, and I am in an out within the hour! Perfect!Nice place with a good atmosphere. I had the soup and salad. The salad bar is good. There is a good selection of toppings and they keep it clean. The tortilla soup was fantastic. The staff was very friendly. Definitely a place I will visit again!!We always get this at work for office lunch..  they deliver and our order is always correct! I love the nutty mixed up salad. Fruit, chicken, nuts and mixed greens. It comes with a balsamic dressimg...  Awesome!Went to this Jason's Deli with my parents.  It is set up the same as off the other ones.  Good food, good service, and you can't forgo the soft serve ice cream....  It was very nice of them to split a regular sized order of French beef for my parents.  I got the half soup/half sandwich.  My favorite:  chicken pot pie soup and corn beef sandwich.Stop by for Dinner the other day.Decide to try a wrap, it was alright I had better. I should have stay with a Sandwich because you can't go wrong. They are very good. The salad bar is very good and they have a lot of items to choose fromGood soups.I have always had great service and good quality food when ordering the sandwiches I should've known I should've stuck sandwich menu.I Will continue to come back and support this restaurant because I think it is very good I believe they are either from Texas because I know when I am traveling and I have been to the ones out thereThis place is great i love coming here and getting the beef eater ! Best sandwhich i think. Food is pretty pricey for what you get, not to impressed with the price. Staff is pretty friendly except some of the girls talk in a real high pitch i cant understand them but good service. I wouldnt recommed this for take out unless your willing to have something wrong on your order or are willing to wait an hour for a sandwhich and have others be served before you, that came after you. But great food!Outside of New Orleans it is quite hard to find a good muffaletta.  That is why Jason's is so terrific.  They have the sandwich which is nearly as good as the original in the Big Easy.  Almost. . The staff is very patient as you try to make a decision.  It is always hard to decide between all the goodies there.  I usually end up with the muffaletta.  They have some nice baked chips and the food is fresh and made for you after you order.  The gumbo and other soups are good as are the various sandwiches.  Great salad bar and the yogurt/ice cream machine is a nice treat as well. The food comes out hot and fast as well.  The store is always clean and the catering part of the business is obviously doing well.  I am happy that they are here and we have a taste of NO in PHX.Little bit of a wait but well worth it!! I got a turkey wrap with steamed veggies. Absolutely delicious. The wrap flavorful and well dressed except for a rather tasteless guacamole. The veg was steamed to perfection, hot and tasty. I eat at Subway a lot but this will be my fast food first choice if it's available!Jason's Deli is just a good go-to place for a fresh meal. I love their sandwiches and their fixin's and of course, the FREE softserve ice cream. Ya can't go wrong with that.I really enjoy the salmon sandwich. So tasty. Today, though, I had the pastrami. Also tasty. Whatever Jason's I go to here in Phoenix or in Tucson, they are consistently good. Good food and good service and clean restaurants.In lieu of my ongoing scrapbooking addiction, I am always on the prowl for new and exciting places to shop. I heard about this place a while back, and finally made it up to check this place out. Its located off the Greenway-Hayden loop and Frank Lloyd Wright blvd in Scottsdale in a business type complex. its not your typical shopping mall store, and if you didn't know it was there, would probably never drive by it. I checked the website out, and its a nice site. Hours, location, classes, etc. They have a nice selection of stamping stuff, stickers, and scrapbooking supplies to make any scrapper or stamper happy. its not the biggest store, but definitely carries quality supplies. They offer classes and workshops, which is standard for most places these days. Something I noticed about this place was they didn't seem to have a Saturday night crop....only Friday night crops. That's surprising to me as most scrapbook, okay, all the scrapbook stores I know do Friday AND Saturday night crops. I'm not sure why they would do that, as most of these classes are very popular. That's something that's a bit of a turnoff to me as I enjoy going to weekend crops, especially during the holiday season to get caught up on my own stuff, AND do other projects as well. Also they have a lab upstairs here. I don't know how that works with getting supplies, but for as cool as it is, I don't know that climbing stairs 700 times to get supplies really excites me. I know its out of their control, as its not a custom built location for them, BUT it could pose issues to those who may have walking issues or whatnot. For me, its more of a general observation and could be a problem for others. Overall, I enjoyed my time here, and will likely return for supplies in the future!Lunch was very good!  I had the Orange Chicken.  The chicken was crispy, and moist on the inside.  The crispy spinach was actually very good and helped give the dish some very nice flavor.  My friend had the Mongolian Beef.  Lots of flavor, nicely charred on the outside and moist on the inside.This place is a higher quality Chinese restaurant.  It's not the cheapy Chinese food most people are used to getting.Went for lunch on my way to Sprouts.  Tyler greeted me with a business card (RicE to MeeT YoU), directed me to a seat, explained the specials and took my drink order.  Nice service.Despite hearing the specials including a noodle dish with tender duck I came to try the Korean Sizzling Salmon as shown in a newspaper ad.  The Atlantic Salmon smothered in hot sesame ginger over a bed of asparagus was really sizzling.  Tyler put it on the opposite side of the table and warned how sizzling it was.  Yes, indeed it was sizzling and the salmon stayed very hot for the duration (even the broccoli).  The sauce masked the underlying farm raised salmon but was tasty.  Not my favorite preparation technique but an acceptable alternative.While shopping at Sprouts I noticed some sauce on my arm so beware of the sizzle if you give it a try.Per tradition the birthday celebrator gets to pick the dinner location; the choice this year was Ling & Louie's.  Only two of us had dined there before and the recommendation and menu were certainly tantalizing.After some miscommunications regarding the reservation (well, the two reservations that were somehow BOTH forgotten) we sat down, perused the menu and started calling out what tempted us most.  We ended up opting for a family-style feast so we could sample a bit of everything.The service was absolutely excellent.  No question.  Our waiter worked with us crafting the best selection of dishes, making modifications to dishes and cobbling together some special requests.As the appetizers were delivered I was slightly disappointed; somehow I'd gotten the expectation that each dish would be a fusion specialty in and of itself.  Instead, the selections were more a survey of different Asian cuisines (with a few curve-balls thrown in for good measure).  The Beijing Chicken Nachos were the absolute standout here, but none of the other options disappointed.We struggled to find room on the table for our entrees.  The Orange Peel Chicken was exceptionally light and refreshing; a favorite of all.  The Evil Jungle Princess was another standout.  We passed on the seafood dishes due to food allergies, but I'll surely go back to try those at a later time.We finished off our celebration with a shared Chocolate Volcano.  It was lighter than expected and perfectly blended the sweetness of the ice cream and fruits with the richness of the chocolate souffle.All told, we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner and each of us plans to become a repeat customer.I tried Ling and Louie's this weekend on the recommendation of a friend. I'm not a huge fan of Asian food, so I might have been inclined to go with 3 stars, but my boyfriend really liked it, so I went with 4. The restaurant has a good variety of popular dishes from different Asian cuisines. We ordered:Pork Pot Stickers... slightly crispy on the outside with a good dipping sauce. Overall, not bad. Tom Kha Gai soup... coconut based spicy-sweet soup with chicken and mushrooms. The flavor was a little too intense for me. But the bf was a fan. New Wave Pad Thai... ordered with out chicken. The shrimp was blackened and good. I liked the sauce a lot. I had one serving with some lime squeezed over it and another with chili paste mixed in. Both were good!Evil Jungle Princess Beef over Jasmine Rice... I didn't really like my first bite, but as I kept going, I started to like it more and more. What a great mix of flavors!! Limeade... I really liked their limeade. Good compliment to the asian food. Our waiter was very nice and attentive. Overall, it was a good experience.I had the privilege of getting to try out Ling & Louie's on Shea for work (yes my job is rough), and I really enjoyed it!The atmosphere is casual and fun and the staff is SO nice. They were very accommodating and attentive. We got to sit next to the kitchen where you can actually see your food being prepared, so you know it's fresh.The food was great. You can't go in expecting traditional Asian food or PF Changs. The food at Ling & Louie's is more of an Asian meets American Comfort Food. We started out with a shrimp & avocado tempura roll. I thought it was okay, however my friends thought it was fabulous. I was more of a fan of the Emerald Spinach Salad...fresh, light and freakin' tasty! You can't go wrong with strawberries, walnuts and blue cheese.For entrees, we tried out the crab cakes and the Evil Jungle Princess, which is a signature dish that even has her own twitter handle (@EvlJnglePrinces if you're curious). I enjoyed the crab cakes, but loved the Evil Jungle Princess. It's chicken and fresh veggies in a peanut-red curry sauce. And if you're in the mood for some drinky drinks, get a Guava Tea. It's Guava Rum meets Arnold Palmer. Light, smooth and refreshing...dangerously deceiving.Definitely go check them out...you won't be disappointed.Last Sunday was our first time at this Asian Grill.  All the beef dishes are made with Filet Mignon. My 81 year young Mother ordered the Mongolian beef and had "zero" complaints! What a wonderful concept to use such tender beef since it has to be sliced thin for Asian recipes. The entrees are served over rice instead of on the side. If your used to rice on side they will accommodate your request when ordering. For appetizers, the spicy calamari was a hit with our group of five.  This is served over the best tasting chili asian slaw. It was a hit with our middle schooler too. So were the Siamese spring rolls served with a sweet chili sauce. One order of each appetizers were plenty to share around the table. The miso soup (this was our first) was a dark, mild fishy broth...not our favorite...must be an acquired taste. The Sizzling Blackened Chicken and Pork was cooked in a red curry butter which was mild in flavor.  The meat was tender. Try the wasabi mashed potatoes as an extra side dish...yum! The Buddha's Feast with Chicken was not a favorite. The menu states with a hint of Thai basil though the sauce was over powered with to much basil.  For the lighter diners try the combo Ling Chicken and Rice soup served with Chopstick Chicken salad. The salad dressing is a sesame soy vinaigrette. We certainly enjoyed our food and will return to Ling and Louie's.I enjoy this place.  I usually go at night with a group of moms and we love it.  The food is very good.  I finally tasted the Evil Jungle Princess Beef that my friend raved about.  It was really delicious.  I love the Black Orchid Ahi Tuna. I went for lunch with my husband and we had a great time.  The bartender, Paul is great.  My husband's house margarita was really good.  The prices are so reasonable.  I can't wait for my next moms night out.Loved it!  Half expected a lame PF Chang wannabe so was very surprised at how excellent and fun it was!  Specials were terrific and cheap, and the bartender Paul made us some of the better drinks I've had in town.Some of the best food I have had since moving to Scottsdale.  I ordered Jeweled Beef and cleaned up the plate.   The filet was medium rare and oh so good.   I saw several things on the menu that caught my eye.  I plan on returning and trying them all.Yum!  I loved the chicken and rice soup and the mongolian beef (with filet) that I ordered.  The service was great, the atmosphere was nice and the food was especially good!Second visit to L&L.  The first was at lunch with a group of moms second with my family.  The service was excellent which is saying a lot.  They didn't have to ask what we needed they surveyed the table and kept the meal moving.  Which I appreciated since we had the three kids with us.  This is not traditional chinese, so get the asian nachos.  They are a giant appetizer very unique and quite tasty.  EVERYONE enjoyed their meals and the happy hour deals are pretty good.  I see more visits in my future.Rockin good food here! We had calamari, seared ahi, lomein with tenderlion of beef and wild rice soup....all excellent! The banana thingie for desert was soooooooo good you gotta get it. It's a $15 desert but out of this world worth it!Houston was our server and he rocked as well!My husband, son, daughter and I went for a Sunday lunch. My little girl who is only 2 did not want to sit still and cried so we left so other people could actually enjoy their lunch. Husband went back to pick up our lunch so we could enjoy it at home. We were very pleased. We will be back.Outstanding! Great asian food! The nachos are soooo good!

- Scantily clad women trying to up-sell you things.The Pros:- Shooting guns!

Easy parking close to the door

I had their Chicken Souvlaki which was delicious. The chicken was cut in large cubes and oh so tender.

Butcher Style Chicken Wings -  Hot smoked, flash fried, BBQ

Biz gittiğimizde onlardan kimse yoktu , şükran günü tatilinde olduklarını söylediler. Gerisi önemli değilde Chamlee ile bi resim çektirebileydik iyiydi.We only went for the experience . Prices are so expensive but it was cool to look around .Cool experience to see the shop in person but I was expecting it to be a lot bigger, I didn't recognize the inside much from the show.. But still cool to take pictures outside. Nice people, free parking. Open 24/7A lot smaller then it looks like on tv. If your a fan of the show I would say check it out. But if you don't have time and I say next time honestly it was cool taking pictures outside but hoped I'd see someone inside *like the old man* but yeah it was a cool experience but tbh it would've been cooler if they were there I heard they're not there very oftenIf you've ever seen Pawn Stars on TV, this is in fact THE pawn shop.  They have a large variety of items for sale.  I was really interested in the paintings that they have by various artists: Warhol, Picasso, Dali, etc.  The collection varies obviously but it's still really cool to browse.  They have a lot of jewelry but they also have pistols, various ornamental weapons, coins, etc.  The store has heavy surveillance and the parking is free if you fill out a card with your name, phone #, and email address. I refrained from providing my phone number.  There wasn't a line when we went around 10:45 am but it extended around the building when we left.  I'm glad we were able to check it out.  I saw that they had some cool Disney memorabilia in as well.  It's worth a visit if you like pop culture history, need to pawn something, or if you are in the market to purchase.I was in Las Vegas recent and went to see this place since I like the show . The shop is really tiny .The staff was cool. Lots of very great items in their .We came by on Sunday morning. My husband is a big fan of the show so I figured why not stop in?We opted to carry our 6 month old into the store and I am pleased we did as this location is very small. The security in the parking lot greeted us on the way in and the gentleman at the door (crowd counting) was very friendly too. The shop itself was petite but nice. They carry more jewelry and coins than I would have imagined along with art pieces towards the back. I loved looking at all the displays. Everyone here was friendly and receptive to questions. In and out in 15 minutes but I feel worth the visit.knocked it off the  bucket list.   no chum lee,  or the old man.  would have been awesomeI am from Bay Area, my 1st time to this pawn shop. I 've been looking for a duo tone fine used Rolex since last September 15. I found today Fri, at about 3pm, 1 Rolex listed price $6,999 ,the salesman said it is year 1996, almost 20 years old. After back and forth to see his manager in about 10 minutes, he said his best price is $5,600 plus tax. I said $4,000 OTD I buy it.Even we have no agreement made,the guy was friendly, not enough knowledgeably about Rolex ( he was back forth couple times seeing manager for my questions) . I definitely come back looking a fine used Rolex again. This shop had a lot of visitors when I was there, about 60 people, many visitors were awaiting outside. It's a good place to find fine collections of jewelry.We stopped at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn shop at the direction of my 15-year old son who wanted to see the store from the show.  The location is not difficult to get to, the area isn't the absolute best but really - deal with it.  You'll be fine.  We got there on a Satudray afternoon, about 3pm.  There was no line, we walked right in and it was actually pretty cool.  It's just a pawn shop with interesting things in the cases and on the shelves, but it's cool to see where they film the show.  Don't count on seeing Rick or Chumlee or the Old Man but if you really have you heart set on it, there is a cardboard cutout in the back of the store..lol!  I'm glad we stopped here.  It's just a neat thing to see!  I would advise to go later in the day and not have to wait in a line.Traveling in from out of town I found Trying to sell Jewelry very difficult. I thought why not the famous gold and silver pawn shop from Pawn stars. I stopped in to check the place. Lots of cool stuff inside and even ended up getting a ring and watch checked out as well. Surprisingly they gave me a fair offer for the ring. But not the watch. I still wanted more than they offered but the offer was not bad. Unfortunately the place is a little run down and the crowds and chaos made me a little uncomfortable.Didn't actually shop or pawn anything here but service was super friendly and parking was free. We grabbed donuts and coffee in the same lot (pawn donuts) before we took off. Great experience, fun seeing the shop in real life.Cool place to visit. No charge. Pictures welcome. Don't plan to buy anything, prices are ridiculous.If you like beef jerky, this is the place to go.  They have a large selection of different types of jerkys. In addition to jerkys they also sell dried fruits, candies, biscotti's, bagel chips, cookies, nuts, etc.  If you buy so much, they usually throw in something extra.Been going there for at least a decade. I always get that soft Teriyaki nuggets, the shortbread cookies, and maybe a chocolate something (note: do not leave chocolate in the car; you'll have a chocolate brick!).Hawaii folks know about it; It's probably one of the few things in walking distance from the California that's not simply another place to gamble.  One time I took some non-Hawaiian friends there and at first they were like "wth, where are you taking me?" But then we got in and they found stuff they liked.  They even told their friends so I think I started something.I'll give it a 4 since the prices have gotten a little high in the last few years... (I mean if Hawaii had a trader joe's...)  but still, great place that I try to go to when I go by downtown.Nitrate heaven.Salt valhalla.The jerky store called. It's out of me. (I miss it, but I'm never downtown early enough in the evening.)They have so many different kinds of dried meaty goodness it's hard to know where to begin (I recommend the peppered nuggets in the silver pouches). If beef's not your thing, they have clam, ahi, turkey, pork  and other jerkies as well, along with dried fruits, nuts, candy and Hawaiian junk food.Between the 2 lbs of jerky that inevitably come home with me and the deep fried Twinkie from Mermaids, trips downtown are starting to get pretty unhealthy.(Note: The shop has temporarily relocated to the Las Vegas Club during the remodeling of the Plaza.)This is a must stop before heading home.  I always get the same old stuff:Mac Nut Shortbread Cookies

1) you want a simple manicure

Be very patient if you dine in. The service is a bit slow,but the food & prices are well worth the wait.

No one was working when we went on the short factory tour but what can you do- Maybe during this time they can have employees work so that there is always someone working the candy machines because the kid's were so excited to see someone... I remember  when we first went we could pick our free chocolate from the main store- we could sample any chocolate- but now the free samples are seperated and limited!!!

- You need a minimum of two people to pick this option so if you are going solo, then a la carte is your only option.

Overall all, I didn't want to leave! HahaEdinburgh Student Newspaper, commonly referred to as 'The Student' is the oldest student newspaper in the country, and it is still is a vital read for any student!The Student provides the latest information on student politics at Edinburgh University, and also on issues that impact on students like tuition fees and employment opportunities (Not always the most optimistic read)! Also, the paper provides reviews on films, albums, singles, restaurants, bars and fashion by students for student. However, for me anyway, some of the reviews are just plain wrong, but students tend to disagree with each other! This paper is free and is the only student newspaper in Edinburgh which is produced (by students) at such a rate of a one issue a week during semester time. And, to be honest, some of the journalism on offer is of a high standard with many student journalists of The Student winning national awards for their writing! So to keep in the loop over student issues then pick up your free copy and dive into the world of student journalism!Having worked for them, I may seem biased. But at the same time, I didn't get paid by them, so it's almost as if I didn't work there at all.The Student Newspaper staff are really quite sweet. And working with them made me realise a couple of things about journalists: they really are all a bunch of glorified gossips. And I mean this in the kindest of ways. It's undeniable, though. The Student in the last couple of years has been awarded Best Newspaper in the Herald Student Media Awards and has had its writers and photographers nominated in both the Herald Awards and the Guardian Student Media Awards (we had quite a contingent at the latter last November). The Student mainly covers student-related issues (which tends to mean sex, drugs and money most of the time) as well as other more interesting global issues. For a time, there was a creative writing section that got given the boot because of money issues. But, the paper is pretty thorough as far as I'm concerned.After a hard day's bargain hunting in Ocean Terminal, you'll be glad of somewhere to sit down, relax with a cuppa and watch the kids let off some steam. Molly's is just the ticket. Nice soft play area and toddler zone with lots for the wee ones to do, and a good cafe with a small but delicious range of cakes and other food available on request.

We came too late to try the food and being that only one of us ordered a mixed drink, I can't justify giving it 5 stars based on beer and service alone. I will be back to try the food and update then. I predict a 5 star rating in the future.I had a night to kill in Tempe before my friends arrived for spring training the following morning so I called up some friends who graduated from ASU for some tips on what bars to hit on Mill Ave. Every single one of them said Rula Bula and now I see why. It wasn't the typical Scottsdale/Tempe club scene, which was nice. It's an old-looking Irish style bar with a stage, decent sized dance floor, and an awesome patio. There was a $2 cover, I'm assuming because they had a live band playing, but it was well worth it. I had a black and tan followed by a snakebite and both were delicious. I stayed for maybe an hour, watched the band, and met some cool people on the patio. Overall, a really fun place with a great selection of beer on tap and a fun, chill crowd that isn't overly into themselves.Let me start by saying my requirement for any place that calls itself an Irish pub is that they carry Strongbow or Harp. Most places I go have one or the other (mostley just a lot of Harp). They not only had both, but the Strongbow was on tap.*drool*I went out to dinner here first. Then hit it up later as a bar. The food is fantastic! The old world and new world menus are a great way to make sure that everyone in your party can be happy.I may as well write a review of Rula since already give over a healthy portion of my paycheck to them every weekend. I'm a fan. A Regular. The guy in the fedora who goes to other bars and gets asked "Hey, aren't you the regular over at Rula?" I'm also kind of biased, but i'm a Guiness fan. and I'm a cider fan. And Rula trained its bartenders on how to pour the perfect Snakebite (Yep, its Guiness and Cider, layerd. The Cider floats on the Guiness. Its neat-o!). Ok, So. Rula. Probably has the largest back patio on Mill Ave, and on the weekends, it gets fill to the brim with every kind of stereotype that exists in the greater Phx area. Frat Boys mix with Foreign Exchange Students mix with Old Fogey's mix with Hipsters. And everyone gets along pretty much. When the occasional fight breaks out (as drunkards are wont to hit someone/thing at some point), Security breaks it up and gets the problem cleared away. Also, as its a large back patio with many tables, chairs, and people, and its a bar, people are going to be smoking. Cigars and cig's abound, and ashtrays as well.If you don't want to be bothered by the smokers, feel free to meander through the crowd, back inside where, all the while on Friday and Saturday nights, there is really good live music playing (which, by the way, is who the 2$ cover to get in goes to). And for the most part, everyone gets along.In the realm of food, Rula has the Irish fare down pat. The Boddington's Shrimp, the shepard's pie, the boxty, all are amazing, and decently priced. Don't come here and expect to order nachos and a second rate burger to add some flavor to your Coors and Bud Light's. They have real good food with real good beers. The servers are all friendly and quick, the management is pretty chill, and the over all feel of the place is relaxed. Its hard to feel tense while hanging out here.Oh, and don't try to order beer from the bar back out back.  He's just so happens to be the best bar-back this side of the Mississippi, and keeps the outdoor bar running in top shape, but, trust me, as much as he wants to get you a beer and back amongst the masses, the poor guy is not allowed, no matter how much you bitch about it or how much money you try to throw at him. Wait for one of the bartenders, they'll gladly help you shortly.Rula Bula! Its a pretty cool laid back bar with a outdoor patio that rivals the size of the indoor bar. The crowd is pretty chill with a variety of different but friendly people. Within a few minutes I met a bunch of people from the NW and as far east as Philly. They had some live music as well.The outdoor bartender (Mike) was really cool and very attentive. The food is typical bar food but it tastes really fresh and is done right. We ordered the Boxty. A thin, crepe like pancake made with potatoes and filled with heaps of braised short rib. The bartender says they cook the short rib slow and overnight. It was served with perfectly seasoned and crunchy vegetables. Overall I think this is a cool relaxing spot in downtown Tempe. I highly recommend it.How in the world did I not know that Rula Bula had such a fantastic patio!?!??  I'm a native, and have never visited Rula until last night.   Wow, seriously, who knew?  I guess a ton of people.  Everytime I am in Tempe, which isn't very much, I see that place and it just looks so crowded and small and I hate shoulder to shoulder places.  So I was quite surprised when we walked out to the patio just in the nick of time to grab a table and relax.  Didn't try the food but the service was great.  My water glass was always full, and I never had to wait for my next refill on the blue moon.  Also, one of our group asked for a vodka soda, and the waitress said, it's cheaper if  you are having more than one to jsut get a tall double.   WHAT?  Did I just hear a waitress try to save a patron some mula?  Crazy...I need to go back and see what their Bar Food is like.  Great chill laid back atmosphere for a Wednesday night in Tempe.This is a really solid Irish pub/restaurant.  The food is quite good, especially the Guinness braised beef boxty.  For dessert, be sure to try the bread pudding, which is probably the best I've ever had.  It's a fun place when it's busy and has a great traditional Irish pub feel inside.  They pour a perfect pint; you'll notice the difference if you're a Guinness lover.Rula Bula is a little pricey, which is the pretty much the only reason I haven't rated it a 5.Brussels Sprouts never tasted so good.  The place is tops for ambiance and good Irish comfort food.  The perfect place when you want to visit Mill Ave but don't want to deal with the college debauchery.I stopped by here last night for a friends going away party. (sniff sniff) Cute little place. The drinks were good (Southern Peach gets a thumbs up from me) and like everyone said, the fish and chips are YUMMO!!! I had the sweet potatoes fries with my fish and everything was scrumptious. They even had spicy ketchup, which is a rare find. Either I was hungry or it was really good because I could have licked my plate if I was allowed.  We also ordered a side of the the mac and cheese, which was just ok, only because we didn't know that it had ham in it and it made the mac and cheese taste very salty so I only had a bite or two. ( We didn't see it on the menu but we saw that someone else had ordered it hence the reason we ordered it.) I think without the ham, it would  have been pretty ok.So with that said, great food, fabulous company, a little eye candy here and there, what more could a girl ask for?Came here after work on Saturday for Happy Hour. Three dollar sixteen ounce blue moons and three dollar irish nachos= after work bliss! Happy Hour goes until seven! Love the atmosphere of a pub!Nice spacious pub, and a real pub not a bar that calls itself a pub.  The fish & chips are good.Rula Bula is probably my favorite spot in Tempe.  They have a solid selection of beers, lots of whiskeys to choose from, and the wait staff is friendly and attentive.  I usually prefer to hang out outside on the great big patio with a group of friends, but the inside is just as inviting.It almost feels like someone took a step back and said to themselves, " It's about time we sprinkle a little class on this party street."In all honesty, I party as much as the next alcoholic cheap beer craving college student, but its still nice for my liver to take a break from the onslaught of cheap Que Club Long Islands and Thursday Barneys Boathouse shenanigans. With that being said, big ups to Rula Bula for establishing a relaxing, authentic Irish Pub ambience while still serving some hard to find Irish Brews and delicious Irish bar food. Huge fan of the outside-patio set up; it offers enough room for large crowds to get their drink on while still providing a somewhat intimate feel for smaller parties looking for a more laid back night out. As for the food and drinks; highhhhly suggest going with a frothy pint of Murphy's Stout, followed by a Shepard's Pie that'll leave you feeling as if you're eating in Dublin. Happy Hours are usually pretty solid as well.This is one of the few places on Mill Avenue that I still like to drink at. Although you still get the ASU crowd, which makes me feel old, you still have a great time. On Friday and Saturday nights Rula Bula charges a cheap cover, but you also get some live entertainment, and you drink at one of the few places in Arizona which actually pours a Guinness correctly. Rula Bula also has a big patio, so on a nice night, it's a perfect place to hang out. Tonight my cousin happened to be in town when he chose to give up his seat on his overbooked connecting flight. Since his hotel was right down the street from Mill, it was a convenient spot to get a beer and something to eat. We both drank a black and tan, which was excellently mixed. The food was actually pretty good. I just went with a corn beef melt, which was an alright sandwich. It was on ciabatta bread, which was doesn't quite compliment corn beef the same way that rye bread does. Nothing spectacular, but not bad. My cousin had chicken sliders which he seemed to enjoy. There also was a big selection of more authentic looking Irish dishes, but neither of us were hungry enough for anything bigger than what we had.It was all good. We stopped after the PF Chang Marathon for some real refreshments and fuel. We were seated first available inside. They accommodated our group of 6 very quickly. The drink order was taken and filled quickly. We ordered our meals and they came in a timely manner as well. The BLT Salad was very good, basic, but fresh and plentiful. The Turkey Wrap was very yummy with a wonderful sauce. The Sweet Potato Fries we received were stone cold. Our waitress brought us some piping hot replacements in no time. The Chicken Sandwich was yummy. One of us ordered the Fish and Chips...the fish was also stone cold. We did not know this until later that night, as our friend never sends his food back, and will not complain. I heard this and was pissed! I would have had that taken care of on the spot. Plus we sent the fries back and he knew that. Oh well. The patio is awesome and it is always crowded.was here mostly for drinks..but did end up ordering a few appetizers.Hot bollix spicy potato balls were very thick and heavy lol

And in our quest for macarons

A bit overwhelmed by the wide selection. Our bartender Scott ( great service by Scott) graciously guided us along the way. based on what we liked  Scott recommended the Petrus sour beer and the Wittekerke Belgium white. We loved both of the sections. As for the food we both ordered burgers to a specific temperature, and the burgers came out well done, not how they were ordered. The burgers are still very tasty but a bit upset they didn't come out to our requested temperature. Well garlic herb aloi that comes with the french fries was quite delicious.

Ordered BBQ chicken, sliced pork sammy and apple pie ala mode.

White Asparagus: This was served inside a sardine-can-like tin sprinkled with a bit of cheese. The fresh crunch of each bite, cut by the slight bitterness of the cheese made each tiny serving seem like so much more. A

The owner was the only one working and was very nice and talkative, you felt very welcome and not looked down on like at some other coffee places. He used a very robust, woodsy coffee for my latte which surprised me - coffee used in mixed drinks usually doesn't stand out so much other than simple coffee flavour. It was very good! There were also plenty of gluten-free and/or vegan baked goods available for those who like that sort of thing. The prices were competitive, too - $3.25 for a 16oz. latte with pumpkin spice flavour added.

I.M.Y.Huge place with tons of great shopping including most of the same chain stores you see in the US. There is also a Starbucks here and an extensive food court. It's easy to get lost in here but it's a fun place to pass the time.Preface: Autumn 2008The business model of a mall is smart; it lends itself nicely to a cosmopolitan shopping experience.  If you find yourself in another land, a mall will have the creature comforts you remember seeing from back home: retail stores, a food court, jewelry shops.  If you have traveled away from your town and get homesick, you can sample the new and familiar in an insulated environment.  I watched a matinee in stadium seats, tried Lebanese food for the first time, and found myself at the mercy of a typical retail experience, witnessing a woman trip over herself trying to sell my companion a jacket he was not intending to buy.  Nothing sounds more convincing the more times you say it, despite how French the pleas sound in the resounding repetition.As hard as this place was to find from above ground, I kind of wished we'd taken public transportation.  This place had its own T-stop.  Visited on a rainy Saturday, the perfect place for bad weather: you won't get wet here, you'll stay warm and dry-and it's a great way to pass the time before going out for the evening.Il s'agit d'un des plus grands, mais aussi des plus intéressants des centres d'achat de Montréal. Il est en outre  directement relié au fameux réseau souterrain de la ville, ce qui en hiver est plus qu'appréciable! On peut aussi passer du métro au centre Eaton, puis Aux ailes ou au Montréal Trust sans avoir besoin de mettre le nez dehors. Tout simplement parfait! Côté magasins, évidemment on a un choix plus que large! Le centre est vraiment idéal pour qui doit faire plusieurs boutiques car il réunit les principales grandes chaînes. Le niveau le plus bas est entièrement dédié à  la restauration, et le niveau le plus haut est un centre d'exposition qui propose une sélection très variée : Le Titanic, Bodies, Tim Burton, etc.

The single fault I found was the overzealous cooking of my steak.Delicious Bread, descent prices. Very nice decor. Prime rib was perfect a tad fatty. Horseradish was Not traditional it was a mixture. Chili cheese fries-Amazing; Shockingly good. Lobster was juicy and succulent.3.5 star food, 4.5 star service. Everyone was super friendly, and this had the feel of a local favorite rather than an assembly line steak joint. The happy hour appetizer (chips) was solid, though the on tap selection was lacking. The steak and chicken were both good, though I should have gone with the ribeye instead of the filet. The sweet potato was tasty, but the fries were average and the salads were meh.But you don't go to a steakhouse for salad and fries. You go for meat, and the meat was good. I'd recommend this as a good local place to eat, especially if you don't want to fight Roadhouse crowds. You won't be wowed, but you won't regret your night either.My boyfriend and I decided to give this place another try. Let me start off by saying our waitress Glenda just started here. She very friendly and good with people. Very attentive our drinks were never empty. She checked on our table the prefect amount of times not to little not to less. I did not like my soup and she changed it out at no charge. Then our steaks came out. My boyfriend got the parmesan crusted steak and thought it was okeay.  I got the jalapenos steak and ordered it medium however when it came out it was well done. Glenda got me a new steak and the manager tony comped my meal.

The layout is a bit funky. Our table was up on the 7th floor in the Library which is more relaxed. The main dance floor is on floor 6 and the hip hop room, called the boombox is on the 5th floor. You can go to different floors for different moods and music. It's kinda cool in case you are feeling a certain way. When I went the outside area was closed, probably due to the cold weather. There was an outside balcony for smokers, but I found myself going out there a few times just to get some fresh air, as weird as that sounds.

Slushies and Thai Tea

-Passion Fruit tea

Bbq chicken flatbread is cheesy and yummy but it is spicy.

-1 star for lengthy wait times!Will be back again!Exotic!  Ok it's next to the condo and a easy place for lunch. I hope the Thai curry sauce is as good as it is back home. The place is huge with loads of tvs. Friendly server and happy hour m-f 2-7 and the awesome Vegas hours of 10-0600. Amazing!I loved their spicy mango habanero wings. They were actually so spicy that I only ate 3. The menu rates the the flavors from mild to hottest, which I appreciate. Nikki H. and I also tried the fried pickles which were delicious. Definitely would get those again. The only issue I had was that when I attempted to add a little sprinkle salt it dumped out onto my food as though it had no lid at all. I suspect someone accidently put the pepper shaker's lid on the salt shaker. Our waitress offered to replace it. Yay! The manager brought it out and wandered around the dining room, looking awfully confused. When I waved him over he apologized and told me the waitress had told him it was for a child, not a child sized adult.. Not quite so yay, but I'll take it as a compliment.... Btw, I'm 32.. At least the mac and cheese was good! The menu doesn't indicate how many wings you get, so here it is. You can get traditional or boneless fried wings. Snack is 5, small is 10, you get the idea. It's all in increments of 5. Your wings do not include a side, which I found a little annoying.high profile restaurant/bar/nightclub group ... check

Shoyu Chicken

I love pastrami and brisket but this is even better. I agree with the yelpers it is better than Katz's in NYC though it is different.It is old fashion sandwich with flavor and smokiness.

A few more belts

Noisy? Crowded? Not this Saturday, perhaps because school is out? Not sure, but for us, it was actually perfect.  Nice Latin music playing in the background, a couple swinging on the hammock and a man on his laptop in the "relaxing area", the tables were comfortable and there was lots of casual décor to look at.

The cheesebuger mac n' cheese bites are sinful to be sure, and a great appetizer to share. They are filling and pack a calorie punch so be prepared.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/burger-brasserie-las-vegas#VCe6IjVG4RZVXkdidCyV_A

ridiculous cuz it was literally a milimeter sashimi...yes that means it was

Shout out to our Bartender & server, ERIN for providing the best experience & keeping us very happy!  Good luck in SF, Erin!Isn't the thing we all hate about Yelp is that everyone is just biased? I might be, because I'm not a big fan of pizza, and this place unfortunately didn't change my mind. I paid $6 for a slice to pick up from the "take-out" window but it was monstrous. Had to bring it back to the bar which may be weird & inconvenient to most, but I was in a good mood this night so no complaints. What I will give 5 stars to is Dan the Man @ the take-out bar, he was super friendly and very informative! I got vegetarian and it was pretty good... for vegetarian. And for people who like pizza. I was expecting life-changing flavor, but none of that (hence the 4 stars). Sorry, can't speak for any meat slices out there but my friend enjoyed his! What I also WILL give 5 STARS to is having one of my all-time favorite beers on tap: Blanche de Bruxelles. I'm pretty sure that's hard to come by in America. So KUDOS!! Also did enjoy the loud music and continuous music video play on the TV screens. Many may not, may make it hard to have a conversation.Four of us tried this place last night.  Immediately like the feel and the décor.  Love it when restaurants get it right and have plenty of both high tops and low tops.  Ryan, our server was great!  The meatballs and sauce were a big 5!  We all loved the sauce at it was not sweet at all...we all really dislike most restaurants that put sugar in their sauce.The pizza and menu were just between a 3-4 as I think the many choices of pizza is just too overwhelming.  I like to be able to order the best thing for me every time we go out (don't we all) and if I would have asked all the questions I needed to in order to understand which pizza would have been the best for me, I would have driven Ryan mad!  We tried two types which as I said were just a 3-4 and sorry I can't remember which ones they were unless I look at the menu, but we will be back and hopefully I will choose better for my liking next time.It was awesome....a little pricey but awesome.Good atmosphere and food...will be back ASAP!We are a group of locals who meet once per month to explore the culinary creations available to us. On this occasion 5 couples met at Pizza Rock on a Saturday night with reservations. There was a short wait and then we were seated and waited on promptly.Looking over the drink menu, it did not include any prices for the beer or wine. There was a short selection of white and red wine by the glass or bottle but the waiter did not know anything about the bottles offered. I took a chance and ordered The Dreaming Tree after the waiter brought over a little taste. I enjoyed the wine but would loved more variety and at the very least prices.The menu is vast and yet specific. Pizza Rock knows pizza, the flavor and how to do it well. Our group tried all varieties (900, 600 and 550 degree oven).The service was attentive and enthusiastic. I had the Gorgonzola salad and it is big enough for two.We would come back here as a family (small children) or with our friends. An excellent place for pizza that rivals Settebello VPN.

Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw

Either way, free lunch.It's not as though I could give a stinky review to anything given to me for free- I might feel bad- but this was just what the doctor ordered. Not for the weak at heart.It's not just a clever name. Their pickles are actually spicy. They seems to be lightly dusted with some kind of chile powder. A nice kick follows a good bite.I ordered the Dilly something or other. It was half a sandwich (sub or panini) with a bowl of soup. I chose the Corn and Green Chile Bisque with the Sausalito Bandito panini. Delish! It also passed my spicy- enough- for- me- test. Yes, I needed multiple napkins for my nose.

Great restaurant!!Best Thai in Vegas, by far.  It really is as good of Thai as I've ever had.  But they really do need to kick up their AC.Everyone stays on the strip in vegas but we found a gem off the strip!

We love the courtyard patio, such a nice touch and makes you feel like you are probably down in Mexico.

My first plate was dim sum and shrimp cocktail.  I was mmmming and yumming it up.  the reason I came here was because they say there are a lot of vegetarian options, and I found that to be reasonably true but there are definitely more options for meat eaters.  I usually try to only eat plant-based food but I made an exception here, eating fish, cheese and eggs for a change.  The quiche was like bouncy rubber, so I can't say I recommend it.  I tried the polenta and the grits and they were OK.  But I loved my creation of a slice of cheese pizza with a topping of smoked salmon from another part of the buffet.  Good idea, me!

If you want to try something different, I would recommend the nachos that come with fries (hashbrown like) that are super yummy! not good for the diet...

Hopefully we will try table service soon and do full entrees. Will be back!Very good food carefully prepared, I've been here a few times and personally think this is one if the five best restaurants in Madison. This round our group of four tried around ten of the selections each was delicious! My advice - go early, go often!Forequarter has the kind of candle-lit, dark wood ambiance that makes me a fan immediately upon walking in. Then, you pick up the cocktail menu and realized they have bottled cocktails as well as an extensive list of creative concoctions and fall a bit more in love with the place. Heck, even their non-alcoholic drink list is impressive. After you've ordered a drink you begin to peruse the menu, which happens to change a little bit everyday, and you know without a doubt Forequarter is the kind of place you want to frequent regularly. I ate dinner here with a group of people and because of that was allowed the opportunity to sample lots of dishes. Honestly, there was a bad bite I put into my mouth. It's a lovely spot for dinner with friends or a date and if I lived in Madison it would definitely be in my date night rotation. As it stands, I'm so glad I had the opportunity to try Forequarter on my travels to Madison!Excellent food. Very eclectic menu. Our party had quail, salmon, sausage, asparagus and scrambled duck eggs.  All were excellent, but sausage got highest marks. Excellent cocktails - especially the daiquiri.Forequarter. Quaint, cute, and quite exquisite. I recommend the place for friends, coworkers, and dates. Not the best for "parents visiting town."It is very popular, and deservedly so. We had to wait an hour for a table but we got some appetizers and drinks and waited outside. Food was delicious - tasty but not too heavy. We had 3 appetizers, the scallop carpaccio, rabbit galantine, and the potato fingerlings. All were very fresh and delicious. I particularly liked the combination of citrus and raw scallops. The potato fingerlings weren't like the typical "everything in America is fried" ordeal. It was saute'd and not overly salty.The main dishes were also great. We had the Charcuterie board, sablefish, and salmon dishes. The fish were very juicy and well prepared with a unique flavor to the sauces. The Charcuterie board was also very diverse, my favorite being the beef liver pate. We also got desert, definitely worth it. The reason they get 4 and not 5 (though it was a tough choice), was that the server really didn't know what he was doing... We ordered a decent bottle of wine but he had to triple check which one we wanted. He had to double check quite a few times what we ordered and his explanations on the Charcuterie board was clearly wrong (he said something was goat cheese when it was clearly meat). But, he was friendly and was clearly trying his best, so we left a 20% tip and thanked him for his efforts.Again, great place, highly recommended, but I hope they have better-trained servers to match the quality of their food.Drinks are awesome. Love the fact they make everything and use local stuff. Very interesting menu and yes it seems anything you order is really good! Had the garatine I think it's called. Soooo good. Had the sausage platter. Only two kinds of sausages, little dissapointed wanted more variety but still it was good. The sides around it were good. I would t say it's worth 22 dollars though. I'm not a mustard fan and they seem to use it a lot. It was alright. Will probably come back again that says a lot. I don't usually go back twice to any place when I travel. Pig in a fur coat is another one I will go back to as well.I can now report that bread is available at Forequarter for $4  a basket.  Thank you, Forequarter for making this change.Items Selected:

- Onion rings - 2 stars- Glass of Chardonnay-1 star...mediocre- Service 4 StarsOverall our group was seriously delighted. We ate at Gorden Ramsey's place the night before (the Irish Pub restaurant) and there was no comparison in overall quality.  I would recommend to anyone in the area to visit.Loved it! The food was wonderful. We had the shrimp appetizer, pork tenderloin, salmon and cauliflower augratin. The seasonings used where perfect.Flavorful. Savory.  Amazing Food. I really enjoyed Mesa Grill.  We ordered the mushroom quesadilla (that is topped with a perfectly fried egg), the grilled mahi mahi with risotto, and the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with tamale.  Everything was so good!  The service was ok.  Our server was not very enthusiastic and didn't seem like she ever tasted the food herself when i asked her questions about the menu.  The bread basket was cool because it comes with 3 different types - a jalapeño cheese sliced bread, a sweet raisin sliced bread, and a corn muffin.  My least favorite was the corn muffin because it was really dry, cold, and crumbly.  I would skip it.  My boyfriend agrees that the food tastes awesome, but that the portions are too small.  He was still hungry after the mahi mahi, and said he could probably eat another one.  I thought the portion size was right for a balanced meal.  I ate my entire plate!Overall, tasty hot entrees and appetizer.  I would come back again!TL;DR  great food, friendly but uninspired service.My wife brought me here for my birthday.  Almost all of the food was wonderful.I had the caesar's salad, blue corn tamale, and rabbit.  My wife had a blue corn tamale and the only chicken dish on the menu.The meal started with a basket of 3 different breads.  The jalapeño cheese bread and the date rasin bread were wonderful.  The corn muffin on the other hand was fairly bland and very dry.The caesar's salad has warm crutons, made from hominy that had a wonderful crunchy shell around a sweet soft inside, with chorizo slices and parmasian cheese crisps.  Wonderful.My wife and I loved the blue corn tamales.  They were served in a tied husk, had a great texture, and wonderful flavor.The only chicken dish was too spicy for my wife.  She said the flavor was good but very spicy.As I said, I had the rabbit.  I loved it.  It had a crusty outside and was cooked and seasoned perfectly.I was in Las Vegas for a conference and brought two of my students to Mesa Grill for dinner. Throughout dinner the wait staff were super - very attentive, prompt with our order, and helpful. Service is very important and the waiters can make or break a Restuarant - in our case they totally made our night enjoyable. Now moving to our meals. We ordered 2 shrimp tamales which were exquisite and I am a huge tamale fan so I know a good tamale when I taste it!!! I would definitely recommend the tamales. We also ordered as our main dishes - a tuna steak, the ancho salmon, and the spice rubbed pork tenderloin. Each dish was prepared to perfection. I had the pork tenderloin and I would go back to Mesa Grill to have this again any day. It's easy to see why Bobby Flay is a celebrity chef and although he did not prepare the meal personally he has great chefs preparing meals for his guests.I know that some folks complain about the small portion sizes at a place like Mesa Grill, but all I have to say is, if you want a lot of food go to a place that has a buffet that's why they exist; however, I'll continue to go to Mesa Grill for a great meal experience.My fiancé and I decided to try out Mesa Grill on Valentine's Day, and we were extremely pleased with everything! SERVICE: Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive. He made sure our food tasted great and our glasses were always full. Although the restaurant was busy and our server was waiting on several guests, he made an appearance every few minutes. FOOD: The food was excellent! I highly recommend the tiger shrimp tamale appetizer. Honestly, I would come back just for that dish and dessert. Our entrees were also delicious--I had the grilled mahi mahi and my fiancé had the chile relleno. Both were prepared well, though, we thought the prices were a bit high for the portion sizes (most items are served a la carte).  HOWEVER, if you're eating at a restaurant on the strip, it's to be expected, so I'm not complaining too much. And, the absolute highlight of the meal was the dessert. We ordered the chocolate cajeta cake. Don't let the rather simple description on the menu fool you. This cake is absolutely amazing! It's served warm and covered in a rich caramel sauce with a crispy chocolate topping. If you like chocolate, you can't miss out on this dessert!Yum yum yummy in your tummy! I positively adore Mesa Grill and have been here at least 10 times. Everytime I go to our tradeshow at Caesar's, I make sure to eat at Mesa a minimum of 2-3 times. Lunch or dinner, you won't be dissapointed. Here are my favorite dishes:

--there's no cover/ cheap cover- I believe the bouncer in the front is overpaid because the club does not regularly reach capacity.

The service was very good, often bordering on being to attentive at times.

- All you can eat Sushi Saturday nights is pretty good.About the rolls:

- They allow smoking in the Main dance floor which is disgusting because people end up flicking their ash on you

2) I didn't want them to spend too much money taking 6 of us out to Wynn or Paris (I knew they'd be happy wherever they ate)...Carnival World was $26/person vs Wynn at ~$37/person.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PDIh1lVtKlUqPJROXYJQvQ?select=eI1BpLd7Cja-w06KiTnekgWe ordered the grilled asparagus, some other side.... and I was busting at the seams.  Seriously, good food and excellent service.i don't have much to add that hasn't been said before!  between two of us, we had popcorn at the O performance as our appetizer, then appetizers at FIX as our dinner.  the spicy tuna on rice cakes was fantastic, although a little annoying to serve two people five pieces.  then again, we got three burgers, so perhaps we were supposed to compromise on who got the extra burger vs th extra ahi.  we were more diplomatic and split both, but cutting a tiny sushi bite in half after drinking champagne is quite the exercise in motor skills.  i think there were an even number of mac n cheese sticks... i could've eaten a whole second order quite easily.  dipping the fries in the sauces that came with the sticks was also lovely.  yum.  plus, the two of us had plenty of food for a price reasonable enough to allow for gelato at the cafe (or crepes at jean-philippe) for dessert.The Lobster tacos rock!

1) good location, I can walk there, the parking isn't stressful if you arrive by car, NW corner of 75/cactus.

Love the food!Good dim sum place to eat .. Especially that's their specialty. They have a good crowd. Very good on service. Food was great . Definitely come back here if I visit again.Best dim sum you'll get for the price. We took some friends from the south so that they could get this cultural experience: good food, wide selection, mediocre service, & low price. I'm not knocking them for the service, I usually only get dim sum when it's really busy & crowded so I expect them to want us in & out of there asap. We grabbed like 8 different types of dishes for the table, but the har gow, pork buns (cha siu bao), & shumai: get that shit. Twice. Everything is super fresh, but these are the dishes I came for & they generally dominate any dim sum experience. Such was the case here. We payed about $60 for 5 of us ($12/person) & were stuffed when we finished. Parking was full, but I found a spot quick. It's a small drive from the strip, but not anything you should come to unless you designate the time if you've just come for the weekend.Finally, got to eat my dimsum here :) Food was good, it's the same taste at the other resto that I've been too yay!! Went to eat around 800ish , but they don't have the cart that goes around but that's okay, the mean thing was the food was good to my taste:)

Besides the disappointing inferno salsa, my only other problem with this place is that all they have to drink is Pepsi products. They do not offer any aguas frescas like horchata or jamaica, which made me sad.  The service here was great. Our waitress, although very busy, always made sure we had everything we needed. She was also extremely friendly and even had a great sense of humor. The prices here were also really good. If your ever find yourself driving down Scottsdale road and happen to pass by JIBM, do yourself a favor and stop your car and grab a bite to eat. This place is definitely worth checking out if your in the area.First time visitor.  Food was very good.  Service was very slow.Like its name, Jalapeno Inferno Bistro Mexicana has a correspondingly large food menu & drink menu, and it was all really good. I would definitely return here, whether for happy hour (okay definitely for happy hour) or dinner (also a definite yes). First of all, I LOVE the margarita sampler. Many brewpubs have beer samplers but this the first margarita sampler I've ever had the joy of ordering. Also the menu is quite large, has a ton of variety & a lot of interesting (much more than regular tex-mex) options, and has a lot of good vegetarian options.My boyfriend & I tried six different margaritas. My favorite margarita was the mango which was ridiculously amazing. A lot of mango margaritas are too sweet or have a very processed fruit taste but not this one - it's perfectly balanced & fresh tasting. I generally really dislike margaritas that come out of the large frozen blended dispenser because they are usually way too low on alcohol and I generally prefer my margaritas on the rocks instead of blended, but the mango that good is super good. My boyfriend's favorite was the coconut. I thought the Texas-Ass Kick-Ass margarita was really smooth with the Shiner Bock floater, and it has a great name. The ones that did not impress was the Ultima (boring when there are other better choices & overpriced at $12) and the Pinnacle Peak Pomegranate (didn't actually taste like pomegranate). I had the veggie fajitas which were really good and big enough for two meals. All the components of this dish were outstanding. The black beans were really great & have a very good flavor (I think cumin). The guacamole was fresh, full of garlic & lemon, and deliciously chunky. The tortillas were so soft & pliable & thick - I'm not sure if they were freshly made because I didn't see a tortilla maker but they sure tasted that way. The vegetables were a little on the bland side but I added the table salsa & it was great. My boyfriend had the west texas bbq taco's and he really liked them and the mango-chiptole bbq sauce. Also the complimentary chips & salsa were ridiculously good - super thick fried chips and fresh chunky flavorful salsa.We had awful service at the bar, as in I think that's the rudest a bartender has ever been to me. It took the longest time to get a drink menu and then to put in our drink order. She complained about my order for the sampler to me, to the other bartender, to the other patrons and even had the nerve to say to another patron 'I'm making these drinks terribly, don't order a sampler' loud enough for me and the entire bar to hear. It was awkward. Fortunately our actual server at our table was really nice & friendly.Came here last night with some friends.  Had me some of the Valle Verde Spinach Enchiladas.  Awesome.  Super tasty.  Even the chips that they brought out before our meal were pretty awesome.  There were light and fluffy- very fresh.I'll definitely be coming back here again.Let's start with the chips and salsa. They give you normal crispy chips AND decadently fluffy tortilla chips with a really fresh salsa. Super duper tasty!Now, I can't remember what I had the first few times I came here but I know I was blown away. However, the only thing that matters anymore are the spinach enchalads. They are served with a incredibly flavorful red sauce and then topped with another white sauce and get this - TOASTED ALMOND SLICES. Yes, toasted almond slices. These lil' babies add the most insane texture to the creaminess of the cheese and spinach filling. I would love to have a plate of these right now - at 8:03am. The rice and beans are also excellent.I can't speak to the alcohol selection too well but I did have a non-alcoholic prickly pear margarita and it was rather scrumptious. I was assured the one with alcohol was just as tasty and you get a ridiculous sucker in the shape of a cactus.My only complaint is the service can be hit or miss. Last time I went was father's day around 1 or 2 and the place wasn't very busy. Our server was a bit of an airhead (and rather squeaky but that's not their fault).Great atmosphere at this place!  The mushroom and goat cheese enchiladas were great and so was the peach melba margarita!  The chips and salsa were quite tasty too!  My only complaint was that our server kept trying to rush us even though there were other open tables for new guests.Great chips and salsa (corn chips and flour chips).. the salsa is nice and roasted.  The queso is good (although I am more of a fan of the queso with charizo vs the spinach).  The burritos are huge and sharable.  I like the chicken better than the ground beef.  The service is better in the restaurant than the bar as the bartender is busy making drinks and catching up on the games vs serving people at the bar.... but it didn't really take away from the good food, so that will be a mulligan!  The desserts look great too, although I have always been so full that I don't order them!  Worth a trip for the good mexican food in a clean environment with plenty of TVs in the bar for a sportsfan.  The Happy Hour is good too!My new favorite Mexican restaurant since my old one unexpectedly closed down a few months ago. Little did I know there was another within 10 minutes from my home. Happy hour is insane. The margaritas are amazing and everything we ate was delicious. The restaurant is beautiful and staff is very nice which I didn't expect because of the area. The only downside is that it doesn't feel like its very authentic.  My husband and I are still going to be regulars for sure.As far as Mexican restaurants go, this is one of my favorites.  We never come to Scottsdale without going to Jalapeno.  I have been coming here for longer than I can remember, and now my lady is as addicted as I.I consider myself a margarita aficionado, and they have among the best margaritas that I have experienced. The beauty of their margarita menu is that there is something for everyone.  If you want an awesome margarita in the style that most gringos enjoy, order their ultimate margarita.  They make their own sweet and sour, and it is delicious and large.  If you don't care for a sweet margarita, order The Boss.  It is a more traditional margarita made with only a splash of sweet and sour, but mostly just tequila and lime juice.  Enjoy their home fried tortilla chips while you drink your first margarita.  They use both flour and corn tortillas to make these.  I usually eat all of the flour chips first, but never leave a corn chip behind either.To go with your next margarita just pick about anything off of the menu and you will not be sorry.  I most recently ordered the Texas flat enchiladas. The taste was good, but I found the thick masa tortillas held a little too much of the oil in which they were fried and were a bit too rich for my taste.  My sister's mushroom and goat cheese enchiladas were yummy and different.  My lady's fish tacos were delicious. If you don't want to experiment with something new, order anything more conventional, and you won't be sorry.Other than to visit family and friends, Jalapenos is the reason that I can't wait to return to Scottsdale.This is a bit over-due and ergo hazy....but I remember the chips and salsa were nothing short of AH-MAZING! I was in town for Thanksgiving and the man and I made the trek here to meet up with an old high school friend that I hadn't seen in....well, in awhile. The food was great and the chips and salsa...did I mention? Ah-mazing!We stayed around after they left and moved to the bar but oddly enough after another round or so of drinks and way before the ASU/CAL game was over the place was closing up and like 10or 11ish. Weird! Other than the chips/salsa I don't really have a reason to drive to BFE  (Mom in Surprise, Dad in Fountain Hills and I live out of state) but I really enjoyed the place!Yumm Yumm Yummmm! I just went here for the first time just a few days ago and really liked it. They have a large menu with lots of authentic options. I had a chile relleno which reminded me of the ones my Abuela used to make. Can't wait to return and try more of their enticing options!Love this place - the corn & flour chips along with amazing salsa are worth coming back for. And I can't get enough of their lobster street tacos. It's really nice to sit out on the patio and enjoy a beautiful Arizona evening while enjoying great food!While in town for Spring training, we stopped here for dinner and thought the food was wonderful.  As everyone else mentions the chips are a unique mixture of flour/corn tortillas with a little extra seasoning on some.  We also asked for a little spicier than normal salsa (not the inferno one!), and it was perfect with the chips and the dinner.My husband and I both got the Rockin Shrimp Enchiladas and they were the highlight of the meal!  They were really good and with the extra spicy salsa, they became excellent!The drinks were so-so.  I had the special tangerine margarita - which was okay, but then I got the Prickly Pear margarita and it was super sweet...too sweet for my liking.This place does seem to get busy - even on a Sunday night.  Unfortunately, it was too cool out to sit outside, but the patio looked nice.We topped the meal off with their chocolate chip cookie and ice cream in a cast iron skillet.  This, too, was great!If we're in the area again, we would definitely stop for for the food.Lobster Street Tacos were awesome! Nice portion size for the meal.I also enjoyed the twist on the chips and salsa, the basket had several different types of chips in it, which was a nice feature.I went here with some girlfriends last weekend and everything was great! We had great service and the food was amazing. Cocktails and drinks were tasty and if you go one must try the Black Cherry Sangria!Their staff was helpful and friendly and very patient as we took almost 2 hours to order!

TOSTONES: Crispy, flattened and fried green plantains with garlic sauce. The garlic sauce is more like a spicy mayo than garlic sauce I've had elsewhere, but this is a generous portion for $3.

Atmosphere is great -- very cozy.

*  Filet Mignon with Three Sauces. The filet was about 2-1/2 inches thick, crusty, maybe with butter on it. It cut easily, was tender as could be, but also had excellent flavor - the best steak I've ever had. The Bernaise sauce was my favorite: thick, rich, tangy, wonderful in every way.

I guess not much of one.

Crappy service? Check

* Honey BBQ

I used to pay $150+ /month for one of the local bootcamps...taking the classes at Gold's delivers better results without gouging your wallet.

Garlic - $2 for 3 bulbs or $10 for 3 pounds

are good especially the enchiladas. And I usually get

Ensuite les pizza, gnocchis maison aux patates douces et linguinis aux fruits de mer furent aussi parfait. Le cafe aussi est excellent.  Le tiramisu était maison.

While it's clean, I don't like this restroom due to the creep-factor.  They leave the window open (I'm guessing for circulation) but it opens up right next to the employee outdoor break area.  I didn't have luck closing it but that's probably more due to the fact that I was a spazz and had a couple ciders already.  Instead, I covered it up as best as I could with my purse.  Regardless of whether or not it's closed, there is only a lace curtain covering the window ready for any perv to look through.  Not cool.I've heard about it for years, but I somehow never made it to the Crown & Anchor British Pub until a couple weeks ago. It's always high on a lot my friend's lists of dive bars along with Frankie's Tiki Room, the Double Down, etc, but those recommendations are typically more for drinks and overall ambiance than food. This is why I was particularly skeptical about this one, even with a few friends swearing by it. Needless to say, I ate it and was more than surprised.The pub is located on the east side of Tropicana in an iffy area of town, but you're not coming here for the class. The interior is decked out with British-inspired street signs, posters of boats and the like, with the waitresses wearing skimpy kilt outfits. There's also an outdoor patio which I've heard is dog friendly. I was fully expecting an overly loud, smoky bar scene that would have made eating a bit unsavory, but it was surprisingly quiet on the Saturday night we were there. The menu features all sorts of traditional British dishes that I've heard are hard to find at other locations around town. This is all good, but I only really care about burgers for the sake of this review so I'll have to try some of that other wacky stuff on my next visit.The British Burger on their menu comes with a  1/2 pound patty, bacon, lettuce and tomato and choice of a few cheeses. My burger had great char flavor upon first bite, which carried all the way through. It was cooked a bit more than medium-rare but I was ok with it due to the overall great flavor. It was greasy for the first half, dried up a bit in the second half but was still ok because of the flavor. My bacon wasn't quite as cooked as I would have liked, but it still had decent flavor. The thin onions were good but I still pulled them off as to not overpower the great flavor I was experiencing. The lettuce and tomato were fresh, although the tomato was a little sparse, and the swiss cheese was melted and good as well. The bun was soft, gooey and delicious, and was very well proportioned to meat. Overall this was an excellent burger that I wasn't expecting at all.While I typically don't care for them, my steak fries were actually really good; they were cooked well for the most part but there were a few soggy ones in there.  My side pickle slices were good too; they never made it onto my burger but I still ate them. At $9.25 with fries this is very reasonably priced; combine that with a beer or three and you're in for a good time. If you're looking for a unique local pub with plenty of drink and food options definitely stop by the Crown & Anchor.Huge fan of the Crown & Anchor!Come here for darts!  Come Here for English Pub Ales on Tap!  Come here for Soccer matches!  Come here for a  Scotch Egg!  You can even come for an English Breakfast or Sunday Dinner...they will both suffice, but I can't truly rave about either.  And you can certainly come with friends for a good time!The food is solid (Fish & Chips / Pub Style Curry...and I'll mention the Scotch Egg yet again!) but not worth coming here for by itself.  The Beer is mostly English & Irish Favorites...more than the average pub, but not everything a beer snob is looking for...again not a sole reason for the average Joe to come here.  But when you include the British Pub atmosphere, I'm sold!I want to be in a place that feels different than average Vegas.  I want to play darts a few times a year...so I will return again and again, have a great time, enjoy some food and beer and remember the special nights when the world just seems more right...and I'll do that here in a heartbeat!   A little more attention to their food and I'd be handing out 5 stars with a smile!Food was delicious, Staff was attentive and friendly. Nice themed atmosphere.I can't believe I didn't come here earlier.  This is perfect bar atmosphere.  The bar is a solid area, and it has a nice dining area that's carpeted off to the side.  And, the bathrooms were clean.  Granted, I came at lunch time on a Wednesday, but that bears mentioning.For lunch, I had the famous chicken fingers.  They did not disappoint.  Solid breading, but not greasy or overly thick.  Herbs in the breading was unique.  I wasn't crazy about the fries.  They are your basic thick fries.  I doused them in salt, pepper, and vinegar, but that didn't do much.  I just don't like the huge fries, but in a pub that's what they serve so I should get over it.  The chicken tenders live up to the hype, and the bar was fantastic.  I'll be back.This is the undiscovered part of Vegas that should be known. I like the food & the atmosphere. The waitresses are uber sexy and the decor is classic British.  Very good fish & chips done right with a side of peas so the food is home style. Unfortunately, it suffers from a weird layout and it being in a shitty neighborhood. They do offer a British black taxi to pick you up from your hotel or house. Good parking too. Just watch your back & your wallet going in & out due to the crime ridden area its in.  If you're a beer drinker,then you'll like the "Down The Hatch" club which one has to earn to be in. I do like this place alot & will go there again.I have never been to England to see what a real British Pub is like, but I very much hope it is like this one.For an appetizer, my party shared a "Giant Yorkshire Pudding".  My mother had a British boyfriend when I was young and she made him Yorkshire pudding. This one was better than some I've had, but not as good as "Mom used to make". But since those weren't authentically "Authentic" it's tough to deduct points for it.  They got cold quick, but that was probably because of the "Giantness" Probably the best Scotch Eggs I've ever had are here. And you can get them cold OR warm (I personally recommend warm).I also had the Fish and Chips (Since I was going for "The Classic" British Style) and they were good.  Just one fish, but it was a pretty big fillet, so no complaints.We finished it off with Sticky Toffee Pudding which was great!Through all of this, the ONE waitress kept on top of a pretty busy place.  Considering she was the only one waiting tables her performance was extraordinary. Though as an understandable side effect, service was a bit slow and a member of the party never got the coffee she ordered with the Pudding.I wish I was in Vegas more often so I could stop in more often. I do hope to come back the next time I'm in town.One other side note.. They do have a "Pet Friendly Patio" so you can bring your pet for a meal outside.(PS: Due to some drunkenness, I checked in twice.  I've only been here once. The second check in is wishful thinking. Unless it is very far in the future and I've been here more than twice.  In which case, subtract one)I had a good experience for each time I visited. The staff is friendly and very efficient. The quality of the food is good, and I cannot complain about the prices. I recommend this place for anyone wanting a pub environment or a late night drink.Friendly staff, great selection of beer, and great food. What else could you ask for?Great beers, good food and fun environment. If you haven't been to the Crown you're missing out!Cozy bar with lots of English beers on tap. Bartender has a "Locals Only" chip on his shoulder but was gratious and pleasant. Monday night all-you-can-eat Fish N Chips. Good drinking hole for those who prefer Vegas the city, not The Strip.I like to watch English Premier League soccer here a couple of times a year.Great beer selection on draft and decent food.  The only drag is that it is a bit dusty in there, but it is not a dive.I like the bangers and mash, fish and chips, ploughman's lunch, and Sheppard's pie.I found this place on Yelp! They were SPOT ON!!! The FIsh and Chips are Crunchy, light and Delicious! I always ask for an extra piece of Fish because one is just not enough for me. If you are a Chicken finger lover-you came to the right place! We eat here at least 2X a month!!!If you are looking for an authentic British pub you found it. Sausage rolls amazing, scotch eggs and fish & chips good. I come here everytime I come to Vegas.I've lived in Vegas for 9 years. For some reason, I had not made it over here until recently. I've been to most of the well known dive bars and pubs around town. This place has a solid beer selection. The staff is very friendly. Adam is very cool and makes you feel nice and relaxed. The vibe is always upbeat and chill. The food is very tasty! If I had to complain about anything(it's a small one)...it would be the need for a few more upper end craft beers. They have a solid selection...but with the addition of a few more Belgians or sours and it would be great!Been looking for good authentic fish and chips. I really enjoyed it. Staff are nice too.My party of six wanted to enjoy the Super Bowl together and were lucky enough to find this gem. Wonderful assortment of beer. Great menu (Don't leave without having the scotch egg) of traditional faire (better add Yorkshire pudding to your order as well), great service -- the skirts rock too! Thanks again! Hopefully this trip and your restaurant becomes tradition.This is a great spot with lots to offer and good, traditional food and beer. Personally, the beer cocktails tend to have my heart here. And let's not forget about the classic fish and chips. The chicken fingers are pretty tasty too. And if you're into meat pies, there are some good ones here. The service is always friendly and fairly attentive. Parking can be tight when it's crowded. The bar area is nice. The restaurant area is ho-hum, but not cramped.They have karaoke one night of the week, trivia one night of the week, etc. So there's always something going on here. While close to UNLV, it's definitely not too much of a college crowd.I tend to be here more often for lunch than anything else. Lunch here is fab as it's usually practically empty.All in all, probably the best British pub in Vegas.I had lunch with some friends here for a soccer game a couple months ago.  The atmosphere provides a British/European flavor to it.  I've watched world cup games here before and the world cup watching atmosphere is great.  Service was excellent and the dining room waitress was attentive.  She was nice enough to switch the TV to another Champions League game for us.I really like the fish and chips.  The only better version I've had is when I ate lunch by the sea in Ireland at a restaurant that made the fish from the morning's catch.  The chicken fingers are at or near the best I've had for that dish in Las Vegas.  The beer selection is excellent and you can get a lot of english beers that are not readily available at other bars in Las Vegas.This bar is a great place for on-strip tourists to get a flavor of off-strip and a great place for locals.  May want to pass on this bar if you don't like crowds and it is around world cup time (especially an England game or St. Patricks day).I'm going to try to write this without sounding too snooty (I lived in the UK for three years). Great atmosphere, plenty of parking, decent prices, an outdoor pet-friendly patio and a zillion interesting imported beers. The fish and chips was okay, however I'd say it's got nothing on the real thing found in the UK (or even New England). Also, I never knew anyone to wear kilts in England (like the waitresses to here); that's a Scottish thing. I'd be interested to try the Sunday afternoon dinner though!Best fish and chips I've eaten. The service was spotty. The place is in a real need for a makeover.I had lunch here with work folks. Had the bangers and mash and they had fish and chips. Was good with decent service. Only wish I had a beer to wash it down but maybe next time. Noticed several customers with a British accent so that was a good sign.Love me some crown and anchor. The last 2 times I have been in I get the chicken fingers and fries. These are some of the best chicken fingers around. Really good. This also a good place to grab a drink and hang out with friends. If you are a soccer fan there almost always seems to be a game on. If you like fish and chips Monday night is your night. It's all you can eat fish and chips. This are also very good. Last but not least Thursday night at this location is bad singer night. If you like to karoke than this is the place to be. If you like hearing your favorite song ruined also the place to be. I am a fan of crown and anchor.Had lunch today.  Fish and chips. Great bar service with a pretty lady with an awesome personality.   Games are good and a very  wide choice of draft beers.  Plenty of tv's.  Love it!The service is usually terrible, but it's such a fun place. They have real cork dart boards and great beer on tap. Go Monday for the all you can eat fish and chips.Really enjoyed myself here! The staff were very polite and on top of there game. The place was filled with a bunch of people drinking beer and eating food. The wings were pretty good, and the beer prices were reasonable. I would come back for sure.We were in Vegas for my bachelor party and we were looking for a place a little bit off the strip with some good beers and decent food.  Crown and Anchor was that place for us.I am a chicken finger nut, so hearing that they were good here, got my attention.  We were also going to be watching the US world cup game against Germany, and we found out after the fact that C&A had made the Thrillist list for top 10 places to watch soccer in the US.  While it was a little warm, the atmosphere did not disappoint.My friends and I sat up a little upstairs nook to watch the game.  We all ordered the chicken fingers before the kitchen closed, as they were grilling burgers for the crowd that day.  The service was pretty good, given the number of people packed in the bar.  We got to try a good mix of beers and had a great time overall.Better than 4 stars, but not 5.Fish and chips was jammin!  Icelandic cod!  Instead of bread, you can order a yorkshire pudding app.  Also, the handmade chicken fingers (yeah - they're known for this) was great.  That was also very good.  Apple cobbler dessert with bird pudding was very very good.Just wished I had enough room to try the scotch egg...Overall, this place is a good fun local restaurant.Love the fish and chips here.  It's my go to place when I want a quiet break from work during lunch.  The service is always friendly and the food is great.  Maybe someday I'll venture to the bar :)good food, good drinks, good timesWeve been going to vegas for 15 years and just discovered this place last wrek. We went specifically for the fishn chips because the fish weve been getting at Ellis island is so greasy!  Our fish was delicious! We just got one piece but it was a big ass fat piece crispy, lightly battered and most delicious. Steak fries were yummy and they have what tasted like the make it yourself ranch dressing, yum! Peas had no seasoning but not a big deal salt and pepper were right there on the table! Our server Tracy was fantastic and treated us well, we will most definately be back. They also have Pepsi products as most places do when you get off the strip. Well done Crown, well done. Now if they would just take down those redskin banners...LolHave yet to try anything off the menu, but I love coming here just for the atmosphere. Great place to end a date or night out with friends. Service is friendly and the whole place is very casual and laid back. Worth a stop if you're over on that side of town.Wonderful place for a drink. Four ciders on tap. If you wear your scrubs on Wednesday you get a first free beer and discounts.Finally! Some decent beers on tap! Odd that you can only drink beer at the bar; cocktails are allowed in the dining areas. Attentive staff. Good goth music the night I was there. Really near the Pinball Hall of Fame.Well, we went back and it's still good!  A pint is a good pint! That Yorkshire pudding is still huge.  The food is still yummy and this is the only place in the states that my dear hubs can find his favorite steak and kidney pie.Plus, I forgot my camera bag (had camera but forgot the bag) and we walked off to go play pinball.  When we discovered it was missing I called them and our server had put it back in the office for safe keeping.  Pints, steak and kidney pie and keeping my bag for me? Good show!This is a proper English pub, which is definitely hard to come by here. The beer selection is pretty good, but a little expensive. I love the atmosphere in this place and I also love, love, love the beer garden. I can bring my dogs here and they will bring out a water bowl for them and there is a little grassy area for them as well.Karaoke Wednesday's! It's a great time.The karaoke DJ is super cool and he can be pretty funny.All-you-can-eat Fish n' Chips on Monday's!!Not a huge fan of the food myself, not that there's much of anything vegan other than the fries. Some of the food is a bit pricey, but there are a select few that are a steal. Lastly, the servers are really nice and personable.BF and I stopped here a couple of weeks ago with  a coupon.  He ordered a martini and I some sort of beer.  Martini was delivered with no olives and I caught the waitress and told her no olives.  She returned sometime later with two olives on a pick, and when she put them into the glass, she pulled them off the pick.  Later I told her that in the future when a martini is served, the olives stay in the drink on the pick.  Guess she didn't serve many martinis.  But I digress.  We started with the garlic mushrooms and a Stilton cheese & crackers plate.  The cheese was good, but the mushrooms were so good we were fighting over them.  I could have made a meal just of those mushrooms.  BF had fish & chips, which he said were good, but not the best ever.  I had lamb stew in Yorkshire pudding, which I thought was fabulous.   Very busy place, and service was a little slow, altho lots of people and not enough waitspeople in my opinion.   However, we will be bringing a big crowd of people back here in March to celebrate an early St. Patty's Day!!!!I'm so glad we made it out to the Crown & Anchor.  Unfortunately the place doesn't look like much from the outside, but it was a real treat.  Great service, great food, great drinks, awesome prices.  It's a pub, so go into it with that in mind.  Happy hour draught  drinks!  I grew up on English food, and this meal reminded me of that.  Yorkshire pudding, with butter, gravy &/or honey-butter, to die for!  While we didn't have room, we still ordered the apple-crumble for dessert, and I'm glad we did.  Warm custard/pudding, with apple, and crumble, a real treat to end the meal.  Wish I had discovered this place earlier in our trip, as I would have frequented them more often.Its a great pub themed bar with really good food. They are local friendly. I'd recommend it.I think the place, overall, is very interesting! I would love to come back there again and try the potato skins. The place is decorated so well. I love the vibe that they give off. Also, I tried the pork pulled biscuits. I think they are called that anyway. Either way they are delicious.Looking for dinner while on a business trip. sort of lost, saw this place and stopped out of aggrivation. Small and quaint beer and dart bar with a great British menu. Server (Sarah) was very nice and the food was delicious. Get the meat mushroom pie. Came with whipped mashed potatoes and veggies. Plenty of beers to chose from. Outside is run down, but inside is clean and nice. Got lucky here.This is by FAR the best place to watch football (soccer) in Las Vegas, if you're looking for something more than the glitzy experiences offered by the sports bars on the strip. If you want to watch football with real football fans, to hoot and holler, then Crown and Anchor is your place. They have a ton of European beers on tap, and they serve traditional British and Irish fare on the menu. I like the Chip Butty because, really, where else are you going to get a french fry and butter sandwich? But that's essentially what you have here: a french fry and butter sandwich. Fans of all clubs can go here and have a good time; it isn't an Arsenal bar or a Man United Bar. It's a football bar. So if you're staying on the strip, take a taxi here and watch some football, whether you're with your mates or by yourself.Great place to eat late at night.  Some of the best fish and chips.Fish and chips- 2 big fillets with a crispy flakey crust. Fish is always moist and tastes fresh. Comes with fries. Chicken fingers are good as well.

- Restaurant is open 24 hours.

PÂTÉ de CAMPAGNE - dijon mustard, cornichons, grilled country bread

*Pozole Rojo with a shot of reposado tequila $15 (w/out shot $12) - they tell you to add the shot to the pozole but I suggest you don't and just take the shot straight. Some people liked it in the soup, and others didn't

- Le bison: excellent, vraiment à essayer

I like the Turkey burger and tofu fries. Check it out and I am sure you will go back over and over.Food is great!!!  Service was fast. I have been to G&P over five times now. I highly recommend this place!Quick smoothie instead of a meal.  Gets the job done.  $7.50 for 255 calories.  Kinda pricey but convenient.  Service is quick and staff is knowledgable.  Grilled Buffalo chicken strips. Excellent and just the right amount of spice.   Breakfast is the best thing they do here in my opinion.  Give it a try.Loved the "create your own" option chose a great very flavorful piece of chicken, rice and a salad very satisfying. Wait time wasn't too bad for being there during Sunday brunch/ lunch hour.Yummy yummy in my tummy!! If you are feeling like eating healthy and want someone to make you something scrumptious then Greens & Proteins is the place to visit. I ordered a summer berry salad and it was the bomb!! The crisp spinach topped with their citrus dressing and fresh berries (strawberries, blueberries, and mandarin slices) married perfectly with chunks of creamy goat cheese. In fact, I want this same salad right now! I've also tried one of their green smoothies, although I didn't realize it was a smoothie when I ordered it. I was expecting and looking forward to a juice, but regardless it was tasty!! The menu boasted a bunch a delicious sounding items. I can't wait to venture here again to sample some more yummy goodness!!I am definitely planning on trying to become a regular here!  Every week I find myself talking about how I need to change my eating habits and start eating right!  (More like every morning, but I'm trying to make myself feel better here!) Well, Greens and Proteins is definitely a step in the right direction!! I met a girlfriend here one afternoon for a quick lunch and I was definitely in love!  We both got smoothies and split one of their breakfast options.  I was definitely satisfied by the end of our meal!  I got their acai smoothie and I loved it!  It wasn't as thick as some smoothie places make their smoothies and I was definitely happy about that!  It was the perfect flavor and consistency.  AND, it filled me up!  Now, I'm a hungry, hungry hippo, so I usually need a lot more than a smoothie to satisfy my hunger.  But not here!  My appetite was completely satisfied and I had to force myself to split the frittata with my friend.  Which was also delicious!!! This is definitely an amazing healthy alternative in the area and I can't wait to go back and try even more!Visited this place for the first time today. The girl at the cash register was not helpful at helping us decide what to order and I actually felt very rushed and u welcomed by her. I purchased a groupon to use toward two breakfast items. I accidentally ordered the banana protein pancakes along with a Greek pizza. The girl got really annoyed when I presented her the groupon and told me it was only valid for two breakfast items, which the Greek pizza was not. She recommended the acai fruit bowl which I had no choice but to accept since I did not want to inconvenience her any further. I'll give this place a 4 star review because  the food was really delicious being that it's a lot healthier than I'm used to and the young waiter who brought out our food made up for the cashiers lack of customer service. I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking to change your diet but are afraid of trying foods a little out of your comfort zone. They have a variety of items to satisfy your cravings for breakfast lunch or dinner. However, the prices are definitely high enough to scare you away but I think it's worth the visit every now and then.Located near LVAC and Starbucks, Greens and Proteins offers a healthy menu with a variety of options for those who prefer healthier eating. Inside, mini waterfalls are against the wall with lime green chairs and white tables. It looks pretty clean and well-maintained, except for the dusty fake plants by the booths (yuck!). The young woman at the cash register was a bit unfriendly, but one of the guys behind the counter talked to us while we waited, which made the experience a little better. Anyway, our group ordered: the lean angus beef burger, a teriyaki grilled chicken (wheat) wrap and the bison cheese steak (spinach) wrap.The teriyaki grilled chicken wrap was filled with lean chicken, and definitely had more of a garden-y taste because of the fresh veggies in it. There wasn't a strong teriyaki taste, but it was still pretty good nonetheless. The jicama fries that I ordered with it weren't really that appealing. It was tasteless and watery, so it didn't really make me want to finish them off. I guess I should've just ordered the tofu fries instead. The bison cheese steak was the better of the two wraps (or maybe that's just my inner fat kid talking)... but I didn't see how it was healthy because it was dripping with oil. I'm not that disappointed with it because it was still pretty flavorful!They had complimentary cucumber/lemon infused water, which is really refreshing especially in the summer heat. Portions may look small to some, but it was surprisingly filling. You should definitely check it out if you're on the more health conscious side of eating out.I've been on a health kick. This place is my jam! Try the BBQ Chicken pizza. If you order it on the thin crust, it's only 300 calories! I also like the wellness drink. It's full of greens but doesn't taste like a bunch of vegetables. It's so good! Their staff is friendly and the environment is clean and nice. They only have one line to take orders, so if you get some slow customers in front of you, you're kind of stuck in line for a long time. It would be just a bit faster if there was another register.Great place with lots of non-animal product choices. I've brought omni friends here and they LOVE the tofu. A little pricey but great food.I've been to this location a few times over the years. Now that I'm more health conscious and watch what animal products I put into my body- Greens & Proteins is a good option. They offer vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free choices, plus animal for those who are so inclined.The bright green color scheme is still overwhelming for my eyes. They had 2 tvs to keep you occupied. Lots of seating inside and a few tables outside. When I came in on a Saturday around 11- it was pretty quiet but the dining area was pretty messy. A lot of tables with crumbs and food items and the floor was dirty as well.My veggie burger was way over cooked. It was dark brown and really crunchy. Hard to finish it because it was pretty dry.Staff was friendly and professional.Really good for people with diet restrictions or food allergies.  They have healthy shakes and they also juice there.  The Jicama fries are different but very good.  I like that you can build your own meal by choosing your meat and vegetable.  The decor is pretty cool as well.  You order at the counter and they bring it out to you, very laid back environment.  It is in the same lot as Las Vegas Athletic Club, so there are a lot of people in there juicing or getting shakes after working out.  Cool environment.Came here yesterday and although the place is a little pricey, the staff was very friendly and the menus displaying an abundance of scrumptious looking pictures of their many drink and food items.  I also enjoyed looking around at their cute outdoor interior and exterior decor feel with their unique looking glossy lumber block tables. They have a huge variety of food items from vegan options, create your own meal, and  several different ingredients of lettuce, vegetables, herbs, meats offered from dish to dish.  I guess on the down side (not that it's a bad thing) the wide selection of menu options can seem a bit overwhelming.  I ordered the wellness drink with extra pineapples.  The drink was good, however a little on the watery side (maybe from extra pineapple and it being a smoothie and not a fresh squeezed juiced drink).  I also ordered the harvest kale stocked salad which I highly recommend to anyone who likes a lot of flavor and fruit in your salad.  I'm not a big salad person but the staff recommended this particular salad as his personal favorite and I was so glad he did because it did not disappoint!  We also ordered the salmon ceviche which was ok, however in my opinion lacked heat (I like spicier foods) guess I should've added hot sauce.  I love ceviche but probably won't get this again.Thank goodness I don't have to drive all the way to the other side of town to get a good post-workout meal. Greens and Proteins caters to those that are calorie-conscious, macro-conscious, protein-conscious, those who didn't meal prep, and anybody who's just finding out that eating healthy doesn't have to taste like cardboard.They have smoothies, salads, burgers, sandwiches, pizza, acai bowl, tofu fries, jicama fries, customizable meals, protein cookies and baked goodies. They have a variety of protein sources for carnivores and vegetarians: ostrich, bison, chicken, ahi tuna, steak, tofu, etc. They have grains and veggies. And I must say, I love how they cook their tofu - it's warm, lightly crisp and flavorful.My favorites include the bison burger with tofu fries, ahi tuna salad, acai berry smoothie, and my custom combo (ahi tuna with broccoli or asparagus, brown rice and pesto).The calorie info is displayed on their menu. Food does not have to be laden with fat, salt and sugar to taste good.Imagine you just finished up a great workout and you don't have the energy to cook a good and healthy post workout meal. You panic!! You only have 30-45 min to make that post workout meal count. So you hop in your car and drive all around town in hopes to find a remotely healthy restaurant! 25 mins go by and you still can't find a thing, so you just enter the nearest drive through and order a burger and fries with a diet coke (because you're on a diet)lol . What I'm trying to say is that it can be hard and an inconvenience to eat healthy especially if you don't have the time to cook at home. Now with greens and proteins all that ends! They have a HUGE menu with lots of options! All nutritional facts are listed on everything they offer! Fast service! With a fantastic ambience!! Food is delicious!! And doesn't make you feel groggy after you eat it!! The only issue I see is that it can be a tad bit expensive at times! But other than that I HIGHLY suggest this restaurant to anyone trying to watch their girlish figure!!I never thought I'd see the day where I choose a healthy green smoothie over a Starbucks frap! Haha this location is right next to Starbucks but I've been trying to eat healthier so I decided to give it a try. The line was really long. Almost out the door. I had to kind of stand off to the side because it was so busy. The staff was extremely nice. Their menu items are listed as well as the calorie count so that is much appreciated. I decided to try the acai berry smoothie (acai, green grapes, blueberries, blackberries, pineapple, coconut, beet powder, spinach, kale, honey, banana, and peaches). Yum! The smoothie took awhile to make but it was delicious and very filling for me. I also decided on the low carb Caesar salad.  I actually really disliked this salad. Not recommended. Maybe it was the Parmesan crisps on the top or the EVOO caesar dressing but I didn't like the way it tasted at all. However the decor is very beautiful, vibrant green chairs and they have real plants, along with 2 waterfalls against the back walls. Beautiful and relaxing! Pros: beautiful decor, friendly staff, free wifi, nice outside patio seating as an option, complimentary cucumber water, tv's along the wall Cons: hard to find parking, long lines sometimes out the door Would I go back? Yes! Next time I would love to try their ahi protein salad and the chocolate peanut butter banana shake! Tip*** I checked in with Yelp and received $1 off my smoothieIt's been a while since my first visit, but the food was still just as great during my second visit. I like the healthy eating options, the large menu, and simplicity. Turkey Club ($9.99): Sliced turkey, turkey bacon, lettuce, and tomato, and Russian dressing on a whole wheat hoagie. Added sweet potato fries for $1.50. Decent sandwich, however, not a lot of flavor. I added some S+P and condiments (ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise) and it improved significantly. Sweet potato fries were good.Bison Burger ($10.99): Grilled Bison burger, vegan cheese, and LTO on a whole wheat bun. Side of tofu fries. I believe they use Daiya vegan cheese, which I loooove! Plus, it's available at no extra charge! Again, very little flavor as you need to add your own condiments and seasoning, but you can do it to your liking. This was delicious! The patty was tender and cooked just the way I wanted (medium rare). Plus, the tofu fries are awesome! Extra Lean Certified Angus Beef Burger ($9.99): This is also grilled and accompanied by LTO. I added avocado and chose lettuce bibb for a low-carb option. Another great burger!The best part of their menu are all the choices and options. I was delighted that they have a vegan cheese option for burgers at no additional cost. The burgers, sandwiches, and wraps can be paired with whole wheat buns/hoagies/wraps, spinach wraps, and protein-style options like Bibb lettuce or cooked cabbage. Everything is so customizable and they have so many options to fit several diet needs. There is also a build-your-own-meal section.Came here the other day and was instantly reminded of why I love it so much. The atmosphere is fun and comfy...regardless of how busy it gets, the vibe is always amazing! My go-to item on the menu is the veggie pizza, with vegan cheese and gluten free crust. It never disappoints and is far better tasting than a lot of greasy, fatty pizzas I've tried. Healthy and tasty, I'd say that's a win win! I will continue to return every time I get the urge to indulge in pizza, simply because I won't have to suffer the guilt, or bloat. Not to mention, everything else on the menu is awesome...salads, smoothies, juice, and so forth. Whatever it is, you really can't go wrong!Great healthy food! Missed a star because they've messed up our order 2 out of our 3 visits, but it wasn't enough to ruin the meal and it won't keep us from going back. We love it!We ate here twice while in Las Vegas. It's worth the trip off the Strip if you're looking for food not full of butter and salt. (Don't get me wrong, there is some great food on the Strip.) We did lunch here while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive at the airport - Harvest Kale and Chicken Quinoa salads. Both were excellent - and huge - along with two very good smoothies. We did breakfast on day two with the protein pancakes and the roasted vegetable fritatta. Again, excellent on all counts. The only hit is they didn't have coffee (broken machine), but we just jumped on a latte at the Starbucks next door.I have been coming to Greens and Proteins before the hype of it all. Honestly, the place has gotten really crowded, however, everyone who works there has exceptional service and is extremely friendly, and the food is STILL good! I love ordering everything they have & they seem to give a pretty good portion! I love ordering their pizzas, if I ever crave Domino's and I can't eat Domino's lol. Their burgers are EXTREMELY hefty and filling and I just love the whole set up of it all!Look: wooden tables, waterfall walls, tv's displaying most sport shows and news stations, good music, and different kinds of condiments! Fave food: Pizzas, burgers, breakfast, smoothiesI enjoy coming here.  I usually get the chicken Ceasar wrap it's delicious!  I also enjoy the green drink and the acai berry smoothie.  The chicken teriyaki wrap was also good!Tasty healthy food in a pinch. Great for the next day in Vegas.Service is great. Wait is never long. Food is always great. Staff is always quick and responsive when taking the order.The only thing that gets me sometimes is the consistency of the drink I always order: Peanut Butter Chocolate Smoothie, no stevia, almond milk. Some days it's too thick. Some days it's looser. Some days it's more chocolate. Some days it's more peanut butter.Other than that, a great place for when I don't feel like cooking on long,  busy work days.This place serves good, seasonal food and has a nice staff. It's super quiet and the ambiance is nice. They pay careful attention to detail in both the setting and the food. If your normal dining out experience consists of Applebees or the like than this place would definitely fit into the special-occasion category.I had the 8 ounce filet on the grill and it was perfect.My ribeye and my wife's filet were excellent. Great prices too, we each got a drink and the bill was $60.This place is so worth your money!  They give you a lot of little appetizers before your meal arrives, for example pate w cheese and crackers, bread with really yummy pesto, and a sorbet to cleanse your pallet before your steak arrives.  We got the rib eye and filet mignon, both were cooked perfectly to what we order.  I'm pretty picky about the way my steak is cooked, medium rare ! Services was a bit slow, seemed understaffed but they were very nice. Will come back to try more things.Shut the front door are you kidding me....  What a gem I was so surprised.  I have seen this place on Yelp before not sure why I didn't try it.  A co worker was in town and he was try to fine a reasonable steak house "Bulls Eye".The surrounding casino is small and compared to most I've been in here in Arizona not bad.The space it's self is small / cozy i think only 16 or so tables. From the time you were greeted until the final note I felt I was in a high end steak house. I won't repeat all the great things from the little taste of steak, great bread and just great service, I'll focus on the items I thought were top rate.Think of this place as a outlet steak house, same great food at a high discount.  The New York Strip with 2 sides included for $21 would have been easily twice that even in a mid range place, plus they would have charged for the sides !!!The thing that really impress was the wine price.  I ordered a BV blend for 45.00, and when the waiter brought out a BV Tapestry I told him that had to be the wrong one.  We'll he doubled check and it was the replacement for the one on the current list, my comment "Sold".  In any store retail is around what they were charging in the restaurant, so whole sale price still a very small margin for one of my favorite wines.All in all a diamond in the rough, high quality low price incredible service, and attention to detail.  You have to try this place you will not be disappointed..We went to this restaurant the other night, for my wife's birthday. We both really enjoyed our meal, from start to finish. It's a very small place, inside the Casino Arizona. Once inside the restaurant, you would have no clue there is a casino outside their door. No smoke smell or casino noise.

The server immediately came over smiling and told us about the restaurant and specials.Bread was offered by another staff member. Our order was taken promptly. We ordered Tuna appetizer & a wine split. Hubby ordered Tilefish and I ordered Lambchops.

Mac cheeseMaybe we will bump into each other the next time I'm in Vegas (which is probably in a month).The We 5 of us went. 4 carnivores and me (the vegan). When I ordered off the menu ( I asked for stir-fry vegeys in olive oil ), the waiter didn't miss a beat, and said "sure, no problem". Excellent service.My friends ordered steaks, and shrimp dishes. Reasonable for the price, was the consensus.I loved the atmosphere there, as well as at El Cortez. It's "Old Vegas", not Tacky Fremont Vegas.We went to the Flame because it earned Desert Companions best downtown steakhouse award.  And it earned it.  Now let's stArt with this: it's downtown people, it's not the strip.  It's not a celebrity chef, it's not a sparkly new hotel.  It's old Vegas and I am down with it!The prices can't be beat for a steakhouse.  I started with the garbage salad and I highly recommend it.  It's iceberg with artichokes, kalamata olives, mozzarella and salami with a lemon vinegarette.  My friend had the wedge and the dressing was delightfully garlicky.Next came the filet mignon with bernaise.  As good as I have had.  For sides we got the Mac and cheese and onion rings.  Now, at six bucks the desserts are cheap, but next time I will skip them.  Nothing worth writing about.On Friday there is generally a coupon in the Neon section of the paper for a free bottle of wine....take advantage!!!This restaurant is located inside of a casino that wasn't on the strip.  Sure the casino may not look upscale or modern nor trendy...but it sure has a yummy steakhouse!I came here with a group of people who I mostly met for the first time. I had a blast and I was very excited. Why? Well, coming from California I already had a mission leaving the Golden State: have foie gras.So simply, I ordered:TOURNEDOS OF BEEF ROSSINI - $28

Tonight my boyfriend ordered the California club breakfast burrito and won't stop raving about how good it is.This will be our new late hang out. Love the great specials and deals they offer.If I am going to stay true to my reviews I have to continue to be honest in what I say.  I cannot say this was a 5 star visit today.  Last time here we ordered the Ribeye and I spoke of the quality of the meat.  I am not sure what happened between visits, today was the complete opposite side of the spectrum.  The Ribeye was full of fat and I  not talking about the good fat which normally comes with the ribeye.  This steak was very chewy and the fat was tough and could not be eaten.  This steak was so opposite from the last time, we chose to send it back.  My wife ordered the chopped steak instead and once the plate was ready to come to the table, the guy working the line checking plates before they leave let this plate sit on the window for almost 5 minutes before it was brought to the table.  We were very clear with our server that this was not the fault of the cooks as they can only work with what they are given, so this was a very confusing visit for me tonight. Everything else ordered was fantastic as we were a party of four and all was good until we decided to bring the slip in quality to the server and the management.  The server did her best to give superb service which she did, but the management seemed to take the constructive criticism in a negative way instead of using it as an opportunity to show they really cared.  They did take the steak off the bill but avoided our table never coming to follow up or find out any more information.Our server Teresa was awesome and did all the right things a restaurant should do, it's just sad the management did not do the same.Our first visit to Giuseppe's was a Friday evening. We were headed to another restaurant in the area but decided to try this place instead. I'm glad we did. I liked the ambiance of the place, and the food was very good. I had a chicken pasta dish from the $10 specials menu. It was tasty, but not extraordinary. What was amazing was the wedge salad. It's hard to find a great wedge in town, and this place has it! The other outstanding attribute about this place was our server Pam! What a warm, friendly lady! She really did enhance our dining experience that evening. We will definitely return!Still a great place with great food, great drinks, good service, friendly people and now they have a loyalty program in which you earn rewards which you can use as cash.$10 menu with good choices or the regular menu, it's your choice, but all are good.  I recommend this place, not much more to say.Mozzarella chicken and Caesar salad are delicious. Friendly staff. Prices are reasonable. Highly recommended.We have come here quite a few times now. I have learned that they have a $10 dinner menu that is quite good. I've come to enjoy the tilapia special. The tilapia is stuffed with crab. Quite yummy. It comes with a side of pasta. I had spaghetti with a red sauce. Delish. I added in a starter salad for an extra $2. The bleu cheese dressing is to die for. My wife had the chopped chicken cobb salad. Also delicious. The service, as always, was excellent. The ambience could be described as old school Italian. This can be described as an excellent local Italian restaurant with a very reasonable price. Highly recommended.I really love this place.  BK- before kids, we used to dine quite a bit at top Italians on the strip.  This now is a nice alternative to bring the kids and still feel like we are going to a nice dinner and not fast, casual.  It's reasonable pricing but we always choose the most expensive on the menu.  And we ALWAYS get the same thing.  I will say I DREAM about their white balsamic dressing.  all dressings made in house and delicious.  My only disappointment is I've had the ribeye steak 3 times and each time it was just passable.  But all in all, a great family, neighborhood restaurant.We been there about 5x. We enjoy the pizza. Happy Hour in the bar area is good we ordered calamari, stuffed hot peppers n sliders which were all good. N the beer is always cold. Dinner we ordered  cavitelles    and the gnocchi which were tasty but order less sauce cause they were drowning in it. We also order a special rigatoni dish which was very good. I recommend you give them a try.Most of the food ranges from 3.5-4 stars but the service at the bar here is 5 star service (especially on the grave shifts) making the dining experience that much better and one of my very favorite gaming bars in this area. Get the ribeye! Delicious!Very good late night happy hour menu that starts at midnight. calamari, meatball sliders and crusted mac and cheese balls is very good. hands down the best late night bar menu for the price. nothing over $5 and super good.Nice place, generous portions.and very attentive service. Very pleasurable experience at a good value.First time eating here and everything was great! Apollo was our waiter and he took great care of us and made some great recommendations. Definitely try the shrimp Alfredo, so delicious! Only downside was a weird buzzing noise but besides that we'll definitely be returning thanks to Apollos friendliness and the delicious food!This is some of the best Italian food in the area. There soups are all very good and the wedge salad is amazing. Save room for some excellent desert.Came here with two of my best girl friends after a long week of work. It was a spur of a moment decision to go here but we are so glad we decided to come here. We were instantly greeted by a nice lady at the front and seated right away. The booth comfortably sat the three of us and the atmosphere of the restaurant was very elegant and relaxed. There are two separate seating areas. The bar and the dining area (we sat in the dining area). Our waiter was very courteous and frequently checked up on us. One of my friends and I ordered some red wine for our dinner and the waiter gave our other friend a complimentary drink to join in our merriment. It was a pleasant surprise and really showcased the customer service they had here. The prices were affordable and seemed standard to most Italian restaurants I've been to. We ordered the Mac & Cheese Balls for an app and got 2 of the Angel Hair pasta with Chicken (I can't remember the name, unfortunately). The Mac & Cheese Balls were delicious and the portions were huge. They also offered free soft and delicious bread with olive oil and butter. The pasta was delicious and had the perfect amount of sauce. The chicken was cooked well and wasn't dry or overcooked. The lady who greeted us at the front also checked up on us and had a conversation with us. It really felt welcomed and it was great to see that kind of customer service. My only gripe would be the Witch mannequin they had by our table and by the entrance of the dining area. Everytime someone walked by, the witch decoration would go off and continuously cackle. It got annoying through the night. Overall, I will definitely be back again.Upscale ambiance, excellent service, great pizza, all at a reasonable price.Went to dinner w/ my son here this past Sunday evening and enjoyed everything about this restaurant...*Christmas decor...trees, lights, ornaments, poinsettia plants, music**Nice furnishings, modern lighting, inside waterfall by open kitchen***Comfortable U-shaped booths w/ nice view of entire dining room****Friendly customer service by the hostess and our attentive server Mary*****Separate glass partitioned bar area w/ TVs, video poker, & smokers committing suicideOur large Giuseppe's original crust Meat Lovers pizza was delicious...Meatball, pepperoni, sausage, ham & bacon.Open 24 Hours on Horizon Ridge, East of Eastern Avenue.Yay! I'm a fan.See 4 photos below...2015 Review #302Good food, friendly staff, great service. Would definitely return. The Cajun shrimp pasta was awesome!  Crispy, tasty calamari, excellent French fries and burger. Prices very fair. Nice happy hour with discounted appsHad dinner last night and it was very good. The salad was fresh and my pasta with seafood was delicious. Enjoyed the wine - Malbec. Our server was very friendly and it was great service. We would go back.This review is for the bar only:

The Good - The rooms are nice and the bathrooms are roomy.  Our room had a big plasma t.v. and a great view of the strip.Buffet is worth the price of $27 for all day.  We love the arcade that has county fair like games and of course, my favorite, the claw game!!  Games are not hard to win.  So it makes it fun for the kids.Pool is nice.  One area has a water slide and the other side is more for the drinking adults.  The Bad -Asked for 4 extra blankets and we only got 2.  They said they were out!  That's crazy!  Who does the laundry?  Fire 'em!Ice machine on our floor was out of ice for a whole day.  Our nice big plasma t.v. turned itself on at 5:00 a.m. and nothing worked to turn it off.  I finally had to unplug it!  Then when I plugged it back in we only got a few stations.  We checked out that day so we didn't complain.On our second night, a burning smell woke me out of a sound sleep.  We panicked and searched the room for the smell.  It was the air conditioner!!  We shut it off and went back to sleep.  Crazy, I know.  But we were tired.  We only had the thing at 65.  The next night it worked fine.The arcade is a little run down.  Most of the claw games are out of order, but some of them did work just fine.  We did get a little tired of the buffet after having it for every meal.Still, I love this place.  I never want them to fix it up because then it will be higher priced.  It's fine the way it is.  Not perfect, but nice.  We go to this hotel once and year and to the MGM Grand once a year.  They are different.  MGM is nicer but much higher priced.  Excalibur is great.  At it's price we can still afford to go to shows and do other things and not break the bank.  At MGM we just go and enjoy our expensive hotel.Never stayed at the hotel, but has been to the midway fantasy faire. I used to enjoy circus circus midway more, but now I like excalibur more. Do you want to know why?

Super friendly valet.I stayed here for 4 nights. I really liked the hotel itself- like the luxe rockstar theme, the signed celebrity instruments and outfits displayed all over, and our room was extremely comfortable and had a great ambiance. The gym was well-equipped, but should have had some air conditioning going. What I didn't like is the fact that the hotel is off the strip. This may not seem like a big deal but during a very RAINY 4 nights in December, walking to the strip is not an option-  getting to and from the strip was difficult. There is a free shuttle that goes to the strip, but it comes every hour only until 5pm, and whats more, the silly Escalade they use only seats 8 people, and there are tons of people wanting to take the shuttle. Once 8 folks are seated, the shuttle takes off and everyone else has to wait another hour. Me and my bf spent a CHUNK of money on cab rides during our trip. Besides this fact, I liked the hotel. It's not THE most exciting or most luxurious in Vegas, but it's quite nice.This review is for the Casino only.Off the Strip and right across from the Hofbrauhaus.The Casino is great! Professional Black Jack dealers and great wait staff.

My best friend and I brought my mom once, and she fell in love  - and asked to come here for Mother's Day. Good call, Mom!

couch - not so comfy cuz the throw pillows are flat not fluffyUntil you actually get to the main hotel at Mandalay you might not know you were in Vegas in this particular hotel. It has that modern, sleek New York boutique hotel feel but on a much larger scale. Plasma TVs in the rooms, decor done in clean lines, modern materials and dark neutrals and rooms large enough to accommodate any after party that may or may not require you to stay up until the wee hours of the morning. This is Vegas, however, so expect a little cheesiness everywhere you go. We found it here in "THETheme" of this hotel. They had a series of shops, clubs and restaurants with the following names; "THECoffee shop", "THECafe", "THEMix", THEStore" etc....and for being a hotel that is trying to be slick we knew they still had a sense of humor about the ridiculous "THE" theme when we saw, placed beautifully by housekeeping on our roll of toilet paper, a little sticker that said "THEtp".I'm going to tell you a little secret about this swank, classy hotel.This secret belies the glossy appearance of the vast expanses of marble in the foyer.  This secret doesn't immediately match up with the cosmopolitan guests you see walking the halls of this upscale hotel.  This secret doesn't jive with the sexy and modern dcor of the spacious suites.The secret is that this posh hotel is perfectly suited to the young urbanites of the world that come to Vegas to party.Allow me to elaborate with a purely hypothetical situation.Maybe you're sitting in the lounge area of your suite with a handful of your friends.  You're gearing up for a big night out.  You suddenly realize your lacking supplies.  So you call down to room service and order two pillows, two blankets, three glasses, two ashtrays and a partridge in a pear tree.  Room service won't bat an eyelash.  (Hint: They also won't bring you the partridge.)Suppose that you return from a big night on the town, you've indulged in every vice that Sin City has to offer theoretically, you might wake up the next morning with your closest friends and newfound acquaintances to find that the morning hours have passed you by.  A maid knocks on the door and you quickly, but kindly inform them you are still occupying the room.  The housekeeping department will soon call you and schedule a time that would be conducive to your debauchery.  (Hint: Housekeeping overlooks quite a bit of the evidence from your decadent behavior that you might indiscriminately leave around the room.)I should also mention that THEhotel features the most comfortable mattresses found outside of my very own bedroom.Lastly, THEhotel features THEstore.  Conveniently located at the bottom of the elevators,  you can buy half bottles of booze for roughly twice what you would pay at your local purveyor of spirits.  Yet this cleverly still works out to be cheaper than two drinks at the THElounge.Contemporary trend in design, it seemed to fit the up-and-coming and ever-changing Las Vegas.  I love the way the room looked as well as the flat panel tvs that came with it.  Actually, all of TheHotel's room are considered suites.  The simple but yet tasteful designs of the suites made me want to remodel my own room to look like it..  Our room was clean as I expect every Vegas hotel rooms to be, and we were well accomodated whenever we requested of housekeeping.  The best part, their pool; it was big and it comes with man-made tide which gave it a beach feel.  It was amazing to say the least not to mention the people you see there whether sun-bathing or 'catching the wave'.Unfortunately, despite of overall positive feel, I couldn't give it a 5-star rating.  First of all, the distance of the pool to the hotel rooms was pretty far compared to other Vegas hotels.  Second, tv signal feeding the flat panel were horrible.  It's one thing when it's not HD signal, but it's another when the signal were worse than my basic cable.  Yes I didn't stay in the room much aside from just sleeping, and most of the time I am out at the pool side, the casino, on the Strip, etc., but that doesn't mean the quality of tv shows I potentially would watch can be sub par.So far this summer I have stayed there twice already, and would still stay there in the future when get the chance.  I highly recommend the stay just because of the pool.., but do consider the fact that because this hotel is the furthest south of the strip compared to other major hotels, depending on where you want to go, it would require either driving yourself or hailing a cab / limo.Without a doubt, this place is swanky. The vision of decadence. A phone by the toilet, a TV in the bathroom, two plasma screen TVs. Though most of this was only in use during recovery hours, watching the Shark Reef channel as we stumble to put ourselves back together.THEHotel gets a little flack for not having a central theme like Luxor or the Excaliber, and being further down the strip than other hotels. Given the circumstances of a weekend of debauchery with 30 other Yelpers, this massive hotel was the a good line up. I still don't understand the need for them to name everything so explicately though.You can buy a handle at THEStore and have breakfast at THECafe but  THERoom Service is just as good. There is not actual gambling in THEHotel (though there is plenty attached to it at Madalay Bay) but there is a club on the top floors, THEMix. You do the same at A store for less if you don't mind travelling a little off the strip, so it's all up to the individual. It may not be THEBest, but it's certainly pretty good.I have to give this hotel some props for trying to do the high concept thing, but it came off looking disturbingly like the W, and not in a good way. One thing that your may notice is that the giant armoire at THEhotel is the exact same one as at the Suxor (you know, down the mall from THEhotel).Anyway, you initially get dropped in the bottom story of the parking lot, which is adjacent to the Mandalay Bay Hotel. The lobby is nice, featuring flower arrangements that are trying honestly to look super minimalist, but it comes off as hackish. If anything, THEhotel should contract out with Radish & Rose here in SF for some dynamite arrangements.Sure enough, as per Trip Advisor, we find a woman throwing a fit at the front desk. Then again, she had cotton candy pink hair, so she could have just been bonkers.The king suite my partner and I had was nice. We were on the 20th floor of THEhotel, and had a strip view. The living area is NARROW, just big enough for a coffee table, flat screen, and sofa and chair set. The desk in the room really detracts from the view, and negotiating the ill placed garbage can (which is more like a tin can in size) and the end of the couch can be dicey.The bedroom area is nice, with aforementioned armoire. The TV in that room looked much less blurry--the plasma in the living room was quite blurry. The bed was nice and super comfortable--very nice to come back to drunk as a skunk.The bathroom is pretty spacious, and has a soaking tub, and a TV, although I didn't use either.I thought that THEhotel was a little over priced for what it was, but had no problems, and a clean and comfortable room. Just a couple of warnings though:If you are told you are on the 60th floor, you are not. You are on the 40th floor. Likewise goes for the MIX bar on the 65th floor. You're on the 45th floor, so don't be charging me a cover PRETENDING we're 20 stories higher than we really are. I liked the THElounge--no cover, no wait, and no frat boys and hoochiemamas.My buddies and I just got back from Vegas and we stayed at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. The hotel and the rooms were pretty nice. Although, the smell in the lobby when you walk in from the garage wasn't too pleasant. But, the rooms itself were fine and we had a great view of the Strip from our room. The only problem I had with the room was looking out the window in the morning and being blinded by the sun coming off of the Luxor.We hit up The Mix, which is the club at the top of THEhotel. That was pretty nice. We grabbed some cocktails before hand and went back up there later in the evening. You get an awesome view of the strip and it looks amazing at night. As someone mentioned, it is quite a walk from THEhotel to the strip or to the tram that takes you to Excalibur and Luxor. I guess if you're stumbling in after a late night of partying, this can be a pain. The one thing I really enjoyed about THEhotel was the wave pool and beach that is part of this complex (over on the Mandalay side). It was nice to just chill and unwind in this pool on a 105+ day after a late night of partying. All in all, we had a good time.I've only been to Vegas three times.  I don't really like it. I don't gamble, the food is expensive, the drinks are expensive and the covers are way too high.  I don't like strip clubs and I don't pay for sex.  Man I seem like a real party pooper, must be cause I'm getting old.  I like to party, I swear.  I listen to the TV and the stereo real loud at the same time. Anywho, the reason I like The Hotel was the pool at Mandalay Bay.  It was huge and has a wave pool.  Women in bikinis, my kinda scene.  Everything else around that pool for about 100 miles is crap.  God I really gotta get more positive.  Any suggestions?Short and sweet:  Much nicer than the average Vegas room, and as nice as many bigger rooms at other places on the Strip costing far more.  I really like the modern decor.Favorite hotel in Vegas. THEonly place I stay at when we're there. No walking through a casino to the front desk, no sounds of slot machines, very modern, and clean.The rooms are killer. I think last time I was here I stayed in a suite. Beds are SUPER comfy.They have a cool little restaurant around the corner where i think we had breakfast every morning (3) during our stay.I like how you can be in the loudness that is Mandalay Bay, and walk in Thehotel and it's taken down 4 notches.Stay Here!I liked THEhotel but didn't love it. Pluses: all the rooms are two room suites (not the jr. suites they have at the venetian where the sitting area is on a platform). I was on the 38th floor -- with a view of the strip -- and that was great. The decor is dark colors and silvers -- very masculine. it's also pretty easy to get a cab from here -- but you are at the end of the strip so expect to be paying money for cabs. Negatives: room service sucked and the bar closes early (but you can go over to mandalay). Other good thing: the bathouse spa. I've been twice now and it's been consistently great. the gym however is painted red and can get annoying by day 3.THElove:even though it's a huge 1k+ room hotel it has a boutique-ish vibe and the lobby area is separate and removed from mandalay bay's casino (accessible through a long hallway) so you don't have to navigate through the gaming floor every time you go to / come from your roomthe suites are large (750 sq ft) with nice amenities (wide-screen lcd tv's, a second  half-bath off the living room, glass-walled shower & soaking tub in the master bath, floor-to-ceiling windows, wet bar, comfortable bed/bedding, a large armoire and two dressers for storage) and the design/decor didn't suck (too ethan allen-y for my taste, but i'll take that any day over the standard corporate hotel room design motif)everyone on the staff was friendly, helpful and accommodatingthe sweet view from our high-floor strip-facing suiteTHEhate:every time i called room service or housekeeping i was on hold for 2-5 minutes (and had to listen to an annoying looped recording marketing their restaurants, spa, shops, etc) before someone would pick upbeing able to hear the people in suite next to us through the adjoining door (i HATE hotel rooms w/ adjoining doors)the $12/day charge for internet connectionall the THE'sI really enjoyed my stay here in December.  THEroom was luxurious, THEambiance was great and I enjoyed the fact that THEhotel used "THE" in front of THEeverything.There is no deny that staying here will be a wonderful experience among all the different great things this hotel has to offer but what I wanted to point out is what makes this place so unique to vegas.  Don't get me wrong, I love the different themed hotels all down the strip but when it comes to my personal preference in living, I prefer the swanky hip classy establishments.  When you stay here, it feels like you are in a up scale, classy hip joint with out the cheesy vegas feel.  Its a really nice change of pace and feeling to your experience at vegas and one that you should really consider trying out if you havent yet.I like the decor of this place over everything else.  When I say that, I'm also talking about the rooms.Usually, when I come to Vegas, it's one party after another and if it's not a party, it's a No-Limit Hold 'em game that's keeping me from sleep.  Sleep's overrated anyway, right?  I never really have much to say about the rooms but this time, my brother wanted to book a little family getaway for us so not much partying going on during this visit.  I still had a ton of time to play cards and make use of the amenities the hotel has to offer.Overall, the place was great.  I couldn't check the pool area out since it was about 28 degrees outside but I'm sure this won't be the last visit I make to this place.  So for now, 4 stars....I was pretty happy to find this hotel.  It feels like a boutique in the middle of a sea of cheesy bright hotels.  Basically, if you have ever stayed at at W, the rooms are like that but with larger bathrooms.  It is amazingly quiet in the morning.  You don't hear pool noise, the neighbors or maids.This is a great place for girls, since the rooms have a full bath and a 1/2 bath.  This is awesome when you are getting ready to go out.  The seating area is nice too, because you can party later if people are sleeping.  I also enjoy the separate entrance.  Your cabby can pull right up to the  lobby doors.  This is especially welcome when you wrap up your night  and dislike walking through a loud, bright casino to get to your hotel room.There is only one thing to complain about.  They are little bitches when it comes to a late check out.  I wish I knew the secret, because it is NEVER granted.I've probably been to Vegas 40 times since 1992, and I've never stepped foot in this hotel.  The Girl got a nice package deal with flight for two and 2 nights here for $650.  It's a little strange how it's set up, as an offspring of Mandalay Bay it has no big driveway of its own, but its tucked inside a big parking structure.  This made us confused when being dropped off and picked up by shuttle.  It also took us a little time to get acclimated to where was out and where was the casino.Pros:

One caveat is that I recommend coming before 10pm, as that's when the good music gets turned off and the DJ and ASU d-bags arrive. *oonts oonts oonts* "Hey brah!"Good happy hour prices, fancy yummy food, and an awesome patio bar. Robbie Fox himself is there sometimes and he is a delightful, foul mouthed, Irish man whom I wouldn't mind making babies with. He even serenaded my table with everyone's holiday favorite "Merry F*cking Christmas". I also river danced for the whole bar and they were a lively group. Saw some old ladies doing the electric slide. Fun for the whole family...(except kids probably)Really a great place for lunch.  The atmosphere is very upbeat, clean and brightly lit.  The décor is a bit of a mix between cool and cliché, but nice overall.  The staff has always been incredibly friendly and helpful when posing questions about the menu.One of their staples is, of course, bangers and mash.  I've had this at a few places around the Phoenix-metro area now and theirs is, by far, the best.  The mashed potato's taste hand-made and the bangers were very high quality with a good roast on them.Upon my visit today, they were having a $5 burger special.  Served with sweet potato fries, I chose the "Irish" burger -- which has onion, leek and apple mixed in with the burger before grilling.  Even having ordered it well-done, it was quite juicy and a well-portioned size.  The uniqueness of the burger was overpowered by the fries though.  While very good themselves, I'm not sure if it was the richness of the fries, or the amount that they give you.I will absolutely be heading back; bangers and mash never get old and I hear that their chicken tenders are pretty good too!One of my favorite places on Mill. I'm a sucker for Euro-type bars and this place has an awesome pub feel. Thursday's they play techno music on the patio and awesome beer prices. Haven't tried the food though. This place is constantly crowded though, Thurs-Sat so get there early.My experience at Robbie Fox's Public House varied greatly from my experience at the lesser known Robbie Fox's Private House (invitation only).At the public house we were greeted warmly and seated promptly.  We enjoyed the pub atmosphere.  I had the fish & chips (as I often do).  I was pleasantly surprised by the fish. It was nicely battered, thick but not too heavy.  The fish itself was done just right, flaky but tender.  There's nothing worse than chewy, overdone fish.  The "chips" were actually skinny or pencil fries, not what I expected or prefer with fish.  I prefer the thicker cut, more traditional chips.  I also enjoyed a 90 schilling.  Service was good throughout the meal.At Robbie Fox's Private House (you have to ask a server for the password to gain access to the secret entrance) I had quite a carousing time and the Irish Whiskey flowed like water. As a matter of fact, when I requested water in a futile attempt to stay hydrated and avoid a hangover, several drunken blokes at the bar turned and shouted that I had a face that would "drive rats from a barn."This of course led to a lively but short lived brawl that degenerated into Irish drinking songs.  All was tilting along fairly well then until a gnarly old hag slipped on bangers & mash that had been slung over the bar during the earlier melee.  When not a soul sprang to her aid immediately, she launched into such a profanity laden tirade that even the most jaded of drunkards about lost their ruddy color momentarily.I pulled Macklin O'Shea away just afore he mistook her for  the head in his drunken stupor and the last thing I heard her shout was  "May the cat eat you and the devil eat the cat!"I'm not sure if Robbie Fox's Private House is even open anymore but the Public House certainly is and I would recommend it for fish & chips and a bout of drinking.Restaurant by day, popular bar by night. Ever since this place opened, it's been a happenin' spot. They have a large patio with its own bar and usually a DJ. Inside, there is a small stage and usually have an Irish band playing. I've eaten there also- pretty good food. Mostly, I just go for a few drinks and to hang out with friends.We really enjoyed this place yesterday afternoon.  They have some of my favorites on tap - Framboise, Rogue Dead Guy and Strongbow Cider - yummy!  Bartender was super friendly and the place has a cool, relaxed feeling to it. The outdoor patio is pet friendly, so definitely a plus!OK, truth be told...I made a wrong turn on the way back to the Phoenix airport and ended up in Tempe. It looked like a cool little college town, so I parked the car and strolled around. Came across Sarah, this effervescent little hostess standing outside of Robbie Fox's. She showed me the menu and described some of the items in her Swiss accent (not Irish, Swiss). I decided to give it a try, and I was not disappointed. I sat out on the back patio on this warm evening, able to watch the crowds and a few hockey games on TV. Service was great. Silvie (another non-Irish...this time a Czech!) took care of me very well. I had the beet salad, which was outstanding and the tavern steak. It was a bit fatty but otherwise very tasty.  All in all, well worth the stopI've spent a good deal of time in Robbie's bar and restaurant and have always been impressed by their food and the friendliness of their staff.  We love the patio for lunch and every now and then swing by for the after dinner hours when things get exciting.  Robbie himself spends a good deal of time there and has no end of amusing stories.  Just one of my favorite places in TempeWhile waiting to see the Rocky Horror Picture Show at Madcap Theaters, we stopped by for a quick drink.What a lively place! Music that makes you want to move, reasonably priced beverages, and a hip/fun atmosphere with quality patrons (meaning I didn't get the impression they were there just to get drunk, like most other Mill Ave bars), and you've got a real winner on your hands.Hope they put in a dance floor!I'm always hesitant to go anywhere on Mill Ave when ASU is in session, especially a pub of any kind, on a Saturday evening.  But, I've apparently been out of school so long that I had forgotten the students do not make their appearance until long after I would already be home.  So I was surprised to find Robbie Fox's fairly empty.  Although there were some parties on the patio, the restaurant was almost empty.  I was also surprised to find white tablecloths, a menu that includes such entrees as curry chicken and cioppino in addition to Irish fare, and Rat Pack music in the background.  I have no complaints, just surprised.Since this was the first week of my (politically correct) temporary change in eating habits, I actually considered grilled salmon or a salad.  However, I didn't want to have to make the effort to glare at my husband all night watching him eat his fish & chips.  Lucky for me, they have a smaller portion available for $8.  Well, actually, it was unlucky for me because the portion was quite small with one filet, and it was really good.  The batter was nicely seasoned and perfectly crispy as were the thin-cut fries served with it.  I did notice while the outside of the fish was "just out of the fryer hot," the fish itself was only warm.  For dessert we shared the baked rhubarb, what I deemed the healthiest option rather than the option of no dessert which was not an option.  Basically a rhubarb cobbler, minus the crust, add a crumble topping.  Service was good, but our server was very young and relatively inexperienced.  He had a little trouble adequately describing a few of the menu items, but at least he was attentive and made the effort! I would definitely go back to Robbie Fox's, and I did notice the Irish music kicked on as we were leaving!While in Downtown Tempe Last week I had to give Robbie Foxes a try.  I have heard about it many times but usually only visit Downtown Tempe when the ASU Cattle(students) are off grazing else where.A nice example of an American/Irish Pub, Robbie Foxes had quite few Import beers on tap as well as a few Great Craft Beers!  Who would have guessed?  A much better beer selection than most of the true Irish Pubs I have ecountered here in AZ.  I did not eat, but the food I did see passing by looked Fantastic.This place is a little hidden & off the beaten path.  I would guess this is a benefit as I noticed nice clean bathrooms, a slightly older crowd & no holes in the walls or other abuse that is common in the Tempe bars.

But i met one of the musicans in the show. He said the blueman group is about humanity and how we are all connected. Apparently the idea goes deeper than that!A tip: you must get the blue man group speciality drink! It's blue!!! lol. Also the gift shop is pretty cool too. My roommate bought the first soundtrack and oddly enough i Fell in love with the music. Who knew.I was skeptical.  I refused to pay full price for the tickets. I went in with no expectations and actually enjoyed the show.  There are a lot of mixed reviews here and via word of mouth.  I guess the show isn't for everyone...We got discounted tickets (40% off) via Ticketmaster.com.  Thank goodness for that.  The acoustics were great, the music was loud and the show kept us entertained.  There are a few moments where you're thinking to yourself, are they really paying these guys to do this?This show is definitely good for kids and kids at heart.  You shouldn't go in expecting a whole lot or psychoanalyze the plot show.  You will set yourself up for disappointment.  Just have enjoy it. Chill.TIP:  The show is about 1 hour 45 minutes and there is no intermission. So make sure you get your urine in order before the show begins.  Also, DO NOT WALK IN LATE.  There was a couple who walked in late and the Blue Men stopped the show, stopped the music, the large screen flashed "Late Arrivals" and the spotlight is on you until you are seated.  They will call you out if you are late!  You will be mortified.We absolutely loved this show. Very good act for people who dont speak, and very interactive show as well.My wife loved the show, and we'd see it again in a heartbeat.Even better was that we got tickets for 40-50% off from Tix4Tonight.$70 including taxes got us to sit in Row 3.I really enjoyed Blue Man Group, but I do think it's for the older crowd.  Meaning if you are over 50, it may be too noisy and active for you :)These guys are very talented.  Comedic, musical and they always keep a straight face which makes it funny at times.  You can watch a few acts by them on youtube to see if this is the show for you.Check on ebay for discount coupons.An awesome show for the open-minded and intelligent. There are some slap stick moments, as well as moments of satire dealing with technology and art amongst other things. Kids will enjoy the show for the music, colors, and interaction. The show kept you guessing at every moment. Don't go if you're over 40+ or lack a sense of humor or wonder.This show is extremely funny and keeps you on your toes, especially if you are in the first few rows. I love how it is interactive. Everyone in this production is super talented. Awesome music, awesome visuals, awesome comedy.My favorite part was the whole animation scene, so keep a look out for it. I LOVED IT!!! I would suggest anyone to see it. It is definitely different, so keep an open mind.I HAVE CHANGED MY MIND.....YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS SHOW! Originally, I would watch those Pentium commercials and roll my eyes at the blue men that streaked across my TV doing random things for no reason. I never understood what these men were! However, I have changed my mind! I saw the show and WOW! Just wow! It's an awesome, fun show! You will have a VERY good time cause these guys are WAY random and they totally incorporate the audience! When you are in Vegas and tired of watching the cirque shows or tired of magic, try to catch this show!REVIEW # 100 !!!Blue Man Group, at the Venetian Hotel in Vegas, was entertaining, educational and musical all the same time. I had the pleasure of attending Blue Man with my entire extended family and I have to say- I think this was the best situation to see the show.  The show was interactive and even slightly captivating at times. Audience members are escorted to the stage to participate and the members of the show walk through the aisles, and sometimes even climb over the seats.  You can't get much more interactive than that.  There are two shows, one at 7 pm and one immediately after it at 9pm.  I dont know how those guys do it, they have to clean the entire theatre after having just trashed it.  I have to say- I was a little disappointed that there wasn't more paint involved.  It seemed more of a comedy/music show that I thought.  So much emphasis had been put on the pipes and paint, but very little time was actually dedicated to them.Would I see it again?  You know, I think Blue Man Group is a treat to see once but seeing as the show hasn't changed at all since it opened, it will almost positively be the same if you went back again.they scare me

My hubby had the chicken quesadilla, with fries. He enjoyed his meal as well.

funny how the same spot you tanned at during the day has become a happening place for you to get hit on by guys.

The salad bar is fairly large with all the fixings usually associated with a salad bar... They have a baked potato section as well and 2 soup options...  I thought the veggies were fresh, the salads were fresh, and the dressings were really good.  The chicken pot pie is one of my faves at this joint, this time as with others, it was good..  The mother lode cake,, huge chocolate cake with 7 layers.  It takes me several sittings to finish it...  They have a fresh bakery onsite that bakes their breads and rolls you know its fresh.  I have tried the ore cart, and the ribs... Both selections are really good and big portioins...  In my opinion, this plays gets it right... They serve good tasting food, the portions are way big, service is good and the prices are reasonable for what you get...  I whole heartedly recommend this location to yelpers.... I like this place and i hope you all do as well... Hope this yelpsWe come here often since it's near our home...but the service is always great!! The food is tasty!! Get the VIP card if you can, it's totally worth the sign up fee.  We go in on busy nights and get in quicker than everyone else, free Birthday $25 & after you accumulate so many points you get another $25 free on your card.I like this place and I love the happy hour but the thing is its not much of portion for a happy hours.As a local Las Vegas resident, I have eaten at CJ several times before I started yelping and always had good experiences - especially during Happy Hour where they have one of the best and most expansive happy hour menus in town.  So a few days ago when a quick dinner decision was required for a party of 5 adults (3 visiting from other states with no CJ exposure) and a toddler, Claim Jumper was the answer.  We arrived at 5pm on a weekday and were able to sit in the Saloon and enjoy happy hour drink prices.  There was too much food ordered to review here - so I will stick to my general consensus of our group.  THE MEAL WAS GREAT, ABOVE AVERAGE FOOD, GREAT SERVICE, and OVERALL WE HAD A GREAT TIME!   Some food tips here:

*champagne (apparently they don't have the right license in AZ)

-Cocktail shrimp

-Brownie

His fish and my veal was sooo tender!

*A sports bar with healthy food! HELL YEAH. 250 calories for their Crunchy Ahi Tuna salad. It was tasty and satisfying.. and guiltless ! I paired it with a light beer for a great dinner.. yum.

They have a little cafeteria type cafe. They sell certain wild animal meats.  Also, a great little candy store with Fudge(about 20 kinds) that they make right there on the premise.

1) Kids menu items came pretty hot - It's a small thing, but cooling them down a bit (icecube in the ramen?) would be helpful.  I was impressed that they served all of his toppings on the side (super smart).

Tomahawk Wagyu Steak, Scallops & Lobster (all very delicious)We were so stuffed, we couldn't even look at the dessert menu. Service: could've been better. Our waiter seemed to be occupied with a larger party & when he would walk by our table, I noticed he didn't look our way to check on whether or not we needed anything. We nearly had to flag him down every time as he passed us quickly. Large table, small table, which ever it may be...needs equal amount if attention. Especially if you don't want your tip to start decreasing. The minus 1 star is for their lack of service & their water selection (still or sparkling). Some are OK with tap & it wasn't at least offered.I guess I just can't say that I am a fan of this famous restaurant, but hubby is definitely a fan of their steak, so still 4 stars, the service was over the top, and the restaurant is classy and beautiful. Decided to have anniversary dinner here, we asked to be seated at one of those window seatings in the tree house, our host managed to get us one, it was very nice of her. Started off with bottle of French champagne, loved it, the bread basket was so delicious, just too much for 2 people, it could easily feed up to 5 people seriously! Menu is huge, in addition to lots of choices of steaks, the seafood selections were great too, also sushi items. Our server introduced lots of things, we decided to do chilled seafood platter first, a little bit of everything on the platter. The presentation was amazing, smokes came out of the prawns container, beautiful and appetizing. The Kumamoto oysters were so good, the lobster claw meat was fairly tender. But the other things were bad, the crab meat was so hard and chewy, the prawns were the worst, they were hard to cut, harder to chewy on, almost impossible to swallow, we couldn't even finish them, so wasteful! The horseradish and cocktail sauces were so good, great with the chilled seafood. It pains me to say that this seafood platter was the worst I have ever had, for a famous steakhouse, that's unacceptable! Clam chowder soup with garlic bread, our server was nice enough to split the soup for us, even though we didn't ask so. The soup portion was still huge after splitting, too bad I didn't want any soup, so I just gave it to hubby, kinda felt bad for our server's thoughtful gesture. Lobster roll as my entree, it was so bad, the rice was thick, the stuffings were flavorless, I didn't like the cream sauce on it, I had one and half pieces, and couldn't continue to eat. 12 oz bone in filet in medium rare, the plate was 400 degrees hot! Perfectly cooked to medium rare, the steak melted in hubby's mouth right away, he said it tasted amazing! Absolutely loved every single bite of it! Side of mushrooms, I love mushrooms so much, but those were so bland, I had one bite, that's it. So, either my taste buds were numbed from too much drinking? Or Mastro's is really just for steak lovers? My food was just bad... I didn't even eat that much, just sat there, sip on my champagne, and tried very hard not to fall asleep in the middle of a dinner date! They gave us anniversary chocolate cake with a lit candle, so beautiful, and a huge plate of whipped cream too. The cake was so good, both of us loved it, so yummy! I had a 20 -yr -old tawny ($27) to go with it, it was amazing. It's a famous steakhouse, of course it's pricey. Reserved wine list starts at $100 a bottle, up to 10 thousand. Tab was $350 for two. To be honest, I didn't like my food, not one bit, dinner experience was good, I was just too sleepy to really enjoy it. Their restroom is located on second floor next to private dining room, the elevator was claustrophobic.  I don't think this place is good for dinner dates, food is too much for two people, impossible to finish everything. The restaurant is too bright, not intimate at all. But it's definitely great for family, group dining, or steak lovers!First off, the service was outstanding. As per my request, they were able to save us a table inside the tree house near the edge, so we had a nice view of the architecture around us. Our server Sam managed to be attentive and informative without being too intrusive and asking us how the food was every few seconds, which I thoroughly appreciated. Usually I don't talk about the bread basket, but this one was pretty good. The bread was warm and soft, but waay too much for two people. On to the main courses: the rack of lamb was tender, juicy, and perfectly medium rare..kind of wish there was a bit more seasoning though. The bone-in ribeye was just as tender and more to my liking, although the outside seemed pretty charred...After we were done with the mains, we barely had any room left for dessert, but I kept reading reviews for the warm butter cake, so we ordered it to share. The cake came with a HUGE helping of whipped cream on the side and a big scoop of ice cream on top...naturally, we couldn't finish it and asked to have it wrapped up. The cake was moist and the layer of crunch outside from the caramelized sugar was great, but overall, it was too sweet. =(  We definitely made a good choice coming here. The food and service was all really good. Will definitely try to come back again next time we're in town.I was out here celebrating my birthday for the second straight year (yes, it's cliché - I'm perfectly OK with that) with my baby brother. We wanted steak, but didn't necessarily want to spend an arm and a leg. Well, we succeeded at the former, if not the latter, but we left very happy and very, very full.We settled into the bar and I asked the bartender about the dry-iced martini. It was at that point I discovered the bar was much more about the fufu martinis rather than classic. I'm partial to the classics, so I was a bit disappointed. That said, that's E-Me - I should have checked out the menu in advance, or read a couple more Yelp reviews. (Take note if you're looking for a classic cocktail here, you won't find it.) I wound up going with the on the menu manhattan, which was very good, but not great.Now it was time to settle into the real reason for going - meat. We had a bit of a conversation with the very friendly bartender about what was good and must-haves on the menu. We already knew we were having the bone marrow, which she did recommend. We talked steak and sides, when she insisted we have the brussel sprouts. Now, I'm not much of a brussel sprout fan, but given the recommendation that was given I figured we had to have them.The bone marrow came out and it was two huge bones. I could have slid down them - I'd have been a very happy man if I had. The marrow was plentiful and delicious. You won't have to scrape just to get a little, you'll be scraping just to get the last little bit of all that wonderful marrow goodness.Now for the steak. I did the bone-in ribeye, which came out perfectly rare - if not maybe a touch too rare, which is very weird for me to say. That said, it was amazingly flavorful and near melt-in-your-mouth. And the brussel sprouts - well, I'm not a true convert yet, but if you keep serving me more like these I might change my ways.Then, on to dessert. A huge, and delicious, butter cake. We couldn't stop eating it despite the fact that we were absolutely stuffed.In the end, and for the money, I do think there are better steak experiences to be had on the strip. That said, you absolutely can't go wrong with a stop to Mastro's.Comfy bar tables, and almost every entree was excellent...The Filet was perfect, one of the best pieces of meat I have ever had, 5*+ but the NY Strip was average at best. All the sides were excellent and service was great too. Overall a great experience and I will be back for sure.We wanted to try a fancy steakhouse on our trip to vegas and Mastro's did not disappoint.  the rodeo was in town that weekend and we saw lots of happy looking cowboy types (i assume they know good beef). i had the smallest filet and it was perfectly cooked! the meat was delicious. the rub on the outside i felt was the tiniest bit too salty but i can live with that. the mac n cheese was so rich. i got the half sized portion but ended up taking half of it home. it was still delicious days later.we also had a healthy side of broccoli was steamed nicely. can't complain about that. the one thing that did sort of bother me was that the cokes were served in tiny 8 oz bottles. at 4 bucks a pop the refills can add up. if i had known this i would have gotten an iced tea instead. so i'll dock a star for that.this place is pricey and i'd return but only if i was ok with spending special occasion amounts of money.We dined at Mastro's at the suggestion of my client.  It's an interesting location in the Crystal shopping center right off the strip.  The food was very good as was the service.  But it's spendy!  $18 glass of Glenlivet 12, $14 for Soli and Tonic.  And a word of advise, don't open the wine menu if you are faint of heart.  With that said, if you just crushed it at the tables and you got some money to spend - have fun!Ordered the NY strip 16 oz. I asked for it to be cooked medium rare, but it was slightly more rare than I had expected. Nonetheless, it was still an amazing piece of big juicy steak. I would like to say that I went a little overboard with the whole pound of steak. The 12 oz would've sufficed.We had a side of lobster mashed potatoes. Mashed potatoes were really creamy and the lobster blended well with the gravy. Overall, I felt it was a decent side. Don't know why people keep raving about it.We had sautéed mushrooms for our second side. These were very juicy and well flavored. Mushrooms and steak make an amazing combination.I will definitely be returning next time to try their seafood.This is one of the most interesting (fancy) places I have ever dined at. The restaurant itself sits in the middle of the Crystals City Center retail area. We were seated in the treehouse-esque area so had a nice view of retail shops and passersby. Service was prompt without being stuffy. Some menu items are $$$$ so be prepared. Sides are rather large so maybe share with your group. This is a great special occasion type of place.We went to Mastro's on a Sunday early evening for dinner.  There were maybe three to four other tables occupied but other than that there was plenty of good seating available.  Speaking of seating, I found the set up a little off-putting...we were seated at a two person table that butted directly against the back of a circular seating arrangement, which just so happened to contain 3-4 lovely active young children on this day.  Somehow your ability to enjoy a nice meal is a bit inhibited with a 5 year old staring at you from 1.5 feet away.  Perhaps it was our fault for not requesting one of the 50 odd other empty tables.As other yelpsters have stated it is also a bit weird to be enjoying a $$$$ meal with Miley Cyrus cranking in the background due to the open seating overlooking/hearing the mall like Crystal Shops.  Enough nit picking though, on to the food!Our server was very attentive and started us out promptly with ice water and tea.  Micro demerit for including a lemon in my iced tea after asking to hold the lemon, but no big deal.  Huge stars go out to the staff for keeping the beverages brimming full, a frequent problem for such an iced tea addict as myself.  The bread service came with enough to feed a small army.  Mini-loaves of sourdough, pretzel, bruschetta, and French.  We ordered the Calamari ($15).  There was plenty for the two of us, lightly breaded and including a lemon side and a dipping sauce very similar to the Outback sauce you get with bloomin onions.  Taking the "go big or go home" philosophy I decided to order the twin lobster tails ($69) AND 22 oz Ribeye ($55) for my entree.  My girlfriend ordered the sea bass ($50) and we split a side of lobster mashed potatoes ($38).  The steak was wonderfully charred, cooked medium.   The server was nice enough to "de-shell" the lobster tails.  The lobster was perfectly cooked and delicious with melted butter.  The sea bass was also excellent.  I let my date enjoy the majority of the potatoes as they were a bit soupy due to the sauce but the small portion I had did taste good.  We got the butter cake to go, not sure on the price, it came complete with detailed instructions on how to best prepare it from our server.  Final bill with tip $325.Meat!  What else is there?Oh, and the mushrooms weren't too shabby.Well, since we were in LV we visited our usual place for a Sat night dinner. Glad we did as it is always top notch.The Con's:

There are a few locations to choose from in the valley, all the staff is incredibly knowledgeable and always get me to spend money. Their selection of Frankie b, rock and republic, true religion, Hudson, etc is enough to make a girl crazy.Stash is a great place to go for some shopping if you are really willing to shell out the big bucks on basically jeans and tees. Going in for one item is okay, but try walking out with a few more items than that and you could look at a receipt for over a thusand dollars! I personally like to just look, get my shopping fix for the day, and bolt out before I find my wallet that I was probably digging for since walking through the door. Hey, my purse is like an old lady's carpet bag, but it helps save me dough since I can never find my cards!Although clearly visible from Eastern, the actual "Torino" address doesn't help those who are skimming addresses for restaurants looking for a common street name for bearings.  Further,  not many folks from a local area memorize zip codes.  Too bad they couldn't get an Eastern address since they are behind a gas station.More to the point, food is fairly good.  They have a bar and separate restaurant area with its own entrance.The bar food was typical. Not bad but typical.The restauant breakfast was quite tasty for the price.  Good portion.Service was good at both the bar and restaurant.Have been back many times.The hunt for darts lead us here. Not many places carry a dart board for some reason. It is a disappointment. I know throwing sharp objects while drunk does not sound like a safe idea. That's okay, give me an electronic one with plastic tipped darts. Just give me something. Now that we have found a place to play, the drinks kept us here. A pint of beer is reasonable at $6. The mix drinks are better at $5. So a tab for four with food does not break the wallet. If Cinnamon is working the bar area, you are in for a fun night. Her style of humor is awesome.The waitress are friendly, but, just a little slow. The breakfast special is priced great for what you get, but the eggs could have been done a little bit more.  But, on a up note, I finally found a cook that understands what, crispy hash browns mean. Over all it was not bad.Great breakfast menu for the budget minded.Don't let the breakfast discount fool you...food is great.Good service too so I always tip well.Beats the IHOP (just down the road) prices will better food quality. There is a good but CROWDED breakfast type restaurant South of Kopper Keg near Starbucks that I have not been back to for many years due to the Keg's overall great valueCheck them out!I would have given this place a 5 star but i had to wait almsot 10 mins to get helped. So with that being said Chris was out waiter. He was very helpful with deciding what to eat and he was very friendly. When the food arrived it was so delicious. I enjoyed every bite of my bacon cheeseburger. Most def will be coming back soon.I just wanted to take the time to make an update to my last review. I feel it is not only necessary to comment on the bad but also the good.I was contacted through Yelp by  General Manager Chris Publow who made every effort to make sure things were made right. He got me another replacement tire for one that was failing on the other side of my vehicle and did so at store cost and in addition they also fixed a nail that was in the tire that was already in the tire they fixed and that i was complaining about in my first review. The store manager of the Warm Springs location was extremely helpful and made sure that everything was taken care of to my satisfaction and I am pleased with the end result and I consider this matter resolved. This was one case where the business listened and and made things right and I am grateful to this happy resolve.After being totally blown off by Discount tire I went over to Ted Wiens. They were less expensive and way more professional then discount tire and every time I have been back since... I get a lot of nails in my tires, stupid Las Vegas... They have been more then happy to see me. Not because I'm spending money, but because I have chosen them as my tire care experts. They also do some engine repairs and services and when my car acts up they are the place to take it. So far they have identified 2 issues with my Nissan that they could have easily taken care of, but sent me to the dealership because it fell under the California SMOG warranty that is beyond that of Nevada cars. I had no idea, but they did and were happy to save me the cost of repairs... Which I would have gladly paid them for. I won't be going anywhere else for my basic car needs while in Las Vegas!Made an appointment here for an oil change after purchasing a set of "peeler" coupons from a guy who came by my office selling them for $20.  For that price I got a peeler coupon card that entitled me to three free oil changes and discounts on other services.  I picked this location because it was closest to my house.  I knew I was off to a good start when Chris answered my call very politely and scheduled me for a Saturday morning oil change.  After checking in, I only waited less than 5 minutes before they called my name, took my keys and started the service on my vehicle.  They quoted me 45 minutes, so my kids and I went across the street to grab some brunch and exactly 45 minutes later I got a call from Chris, who said my car was ready. When I went to pick up my car, another service tech went over the inspection and charges with me and made some suggestions, also told me that my break pads needed replacing.  He quoted me a reasonable price and asked me when I would like to schedule the service. I told him I would check my schedule and call them back.  He didn't pressure me whatsoever into having the service done today or anything, just said to call them anytime.  I only paid an additional $6 or so for the synthetic brand of oil for my oil change.  Overall I had a great experience with this location and will definitely be going back.  As a gal, I am constantly thinking these auto repair places are going to try to rip me off, but I felt very comfortable here and trust these guys.They fixed a flat and changed the air in the other tires. Okay you would think i would be complaining about $350 for a flat repair but instead i will say i appreciate the service i got. I think Las Vegas is the flat-tire capital of the world and unfortunately i have participated a few times. My wife noticed something shiny in one of my front tires. The dreaded tire killing screw. No air loss so hopefully just one of those short ones. Went to have it checked. Was hoping they could do the usual $60 flat repair if it went through (18" run-flats on the front....if you want to play you have to pay) but after they got the tire off i was informed the puncture was too close to a previous repair and the tire had to be replaced. He took the liberty to get a tire on the way from another location then gave me the bad news. Yeah, $350 is an ouch but my service writer did everything he could to get me on the road quickly. I dropped the car off at 7:15 without an appointment on a monday and they had me back on the road before 11:00. Great service, competitive prices. I will likely be back (second flat in 8 months.) They also offered hazard coverage....hmmmm may not be a bad idea. Another cool thing they did for me was to change the air in the tires to nitrogen. The molecules are larger and the tires don't lose air as quickly especially with low profile tires. (sorry chem major)  Pull in to the first bay every couple months and they will top them off for you.Everything from them taking my car in to replacing the hoses was great.  they told me 45 minutes, and it was 45 minutes.  I originally stopped by this place because Wal-mart wouldn't touch my headlight for liability issues when i was getting my oil changed.  Which i didn't understand because i was paying them to fix it., Ted wiens fixed it in 5 minutes for a few bucks.  So i went back for the leaks.  I will say that some of their pricing seems just a hair more expensive then other places i have been but its worth it for quality work at reasonable times.  I have had nightmare "fix it" jobs from other places in the past where a 4 hour job turned into 2 days.Pretty good service. Called to make an appointment for an oil change and put me right in right away. Done in an hour. Also, very reasonably priced for an oil change and tire rotation. Will definitely come here again.Good service. Got a standard oil change for my Hyundai done within an hour, free inspections included. Got $5 off too. Ask for Chris and tell him I sent you! He's pretty straightforward and will answer any questions you may have. They might try to offer and sell you services/products you don't need, so just politely say no (if it ain't broke don't fix it). They aren't that pushy, but had to at least try. I don't blame them, their business is probably hurting in this economy. I will probably return once I need new tires, if pricing is reasonable compared to average competitors.I typically come here only for oil changes and smog checks.On multiple occasions the attendant has asked if I had coupons.  If I didn't, they would apply one anyway.  The prices are decently fair in general though.  There are better bargains to be found for sure, but I'm happy with Ted Wiens rates.Part of the oil change is a tire rotation which is nice.  While they were rotating this last time, they were able to fix whatever was wrong with my brakes.  I had gone into multiple shops for my squealing brakes.  Every time I would just hear that there is brake dust and that was all.  After cleaning the brake dust, the noise would come back in a few days.  But yeah, Ted Wiens replaced some part for 20 bucks and I haven't heard the noise in a couple weeks now.One thing I hate (and Ted Wiens isn't the only place that does this), is that they frequently under inflate my tires.  They always inflate to 25psi (cold) when it should be 30psi.  Is it so hard to glace at the inside of the driver's side door?I go here because i have a coupon book sticker for my oil change. The staff here seems to know what they are doing and when you get your car back, they are not pushy at all trying to upsell you about things that you might need in the future. I will continue to go here.Make a right as you enter and seat yourself in the dining room dominated by sport's decor from cleveland (the owner's are from there) and five screens. It's a Sports Bar motif. But quiet and comfortable. Service is more than attentive, it's upbeat and fun.  As a foodie, I know great kitchen work when I see / taste it. The pasta is fresh, the portions generous, and the flavors abound. I mean they do not go on-the-cheap on fixin's...quality is there. Yet the daily specials give you some real values. Everything arrives colorful flair. Gotta say it's the best down home fresh-from-the-kitchen experience I've found here since I arrived a few months ago.  (M and Southpoint casino staff discounts)Usually prompt service with excellent pizza and chick parm. there are two dining areas and a seperate bar area. I would recommend this place any day. The breakfast food it really good too!OVerall it was a good night a group of us from our LV office came here for dinner.  At first, I didn't want to come here because a big sign said "Smoker Friendly:, and I dread smelling smoke and smelling like smoke. That would've been a big strike and one star lost for me.  But strike one never happened.  When we got there at 7 PM, we were the only ones in the smoker friendly patio with no one smoking. The hot sun was setting and the comfy shaded patio was great for post meeting gabbing.  We had just come from South Point casino, and saw some gorgeous ladies serving drinks at the casino.  Here though, you have two regular guys in T shirts serving drinks.  That might've been strike two, but strike two never happened. What they lacked in beauty and finesse, they made up for with their very good service. We started off with some drinks - their 6 beers on tap included Sam Adams, Bud, Bud Light, an ale, and Hefewiezen.  This wheat beer was smooth and citrusy, and went well with the crispy Calamari in beer batter and antipasto type appetitizer someone ordered with sausage, cheese, and marinated veggies.We went inside to have dinner.  It was comfy in the front section where we were with minimalist decor. As a group, we had a limted menu to keep things simple. We had a choice of sirloin steak cut thick, chicken Marsala - which is what I had, a pork, and shrimp fettucine.  The Marsala was delicate, slightly salty, with a light brown sauce surrounding tender pieces of chicken.  The steak was beautifully and correctly cooked, but slightly dry and probably could've used a dry rub.  It came with a baked potato and veggies.  No one in my table had the other two dishes.  The spaghetti that came with the chicken dish was also beautifully presented, but I didn't care for the bland flavor.  IMO, it could've used more Italian seasonings like oregano, rosemary, thyme, and garlic.  That was almost strike three.  But the simple salad and warm bread along with the good entree prevented that.  And, after I tasted their tiramisu and heard about their creme brulle, that someone else ordered, my palate waked up...unlike our brains which by this time, was ready for a night cap after a 5 minute walk across the street to the hotel.  The multiple strikes and star losses never happened, and overall though the spaghetti was a miss - the service, dessert, chicken marsala was very good.  I'd give it 3.5 stars rounded up.I had the lasagna and my wife had angel hair pasta with tomatoes, bacon and basil. Not only was the food fantastic but we brought home enough leftovers for dinner tomorrow. You will leave feeling very full. They make their own salad dressings and they were way better than the usual fare.Prices were reasonable, great staff and the owner sat and talked with us for a while (we're all expat Clevelanders). Every night they have a special and tonight's was all-you-can-eat pasta, which suited the huge two family party next to us. We hear the all-you-can-eat fish fry on Fridays is packed.I've been here twice. It's a small place across from the SouthPoint.The cavatelli - was a bit bland for me at first. Added a lot of grated cheese and the next day the flavors had evolved into a good meal.The ribs were very good - an entire rack - enough for 3 meals.Staff are friendly. Sports is always on.The last thing I expected when we saw this place was really good Italian food.  What did we get? Really good Italian food. We started by splitting a nice creamy Clam Chowder (Ok, not Italian). It a had ton of clams and tasted homemade, Diane had the Chicken Parmigiana. Crispy Breaded Chicken with perfectly cooked Spaghetti and wonderfully flavored Tomato Sauce.  I had the Insalada Caprese. This was the most revved up version of this salad I've ever had! Along with the traditional Tomatoes, Basil and Fresh Mozzarella, it had Salami and Assorted Olives!  A great combination of Flavors!We were seated in a side area that was wheelchair accessible, but it was a very tight squeeze past the hostess stand. I did not see the Bar area.  The Staff was friendly and efficient. If I ever move to Vegas, I could see myself being a regular here.Such a BOMB burger!! They really load it up with the "fixin's". If I'm in the area, I will definitely be back!Excellent breakfast. 1st time going to eat with a friend who recommended their food. The service was above average and she delivered the wrong order but retrieved my order quickly. it was very good. On the way out i noticed they have specials which are at a great price.I have been here so so many times so just some thoughts. First on the specials menu they have a 5$ Steak and Egg special. It does not say on the Menu but it starts at 9 AM in the morning. Sort of strange for a 24 hour place. The Pizzas are great, both the Tomato Sauce and the Roasted Garlic Tomato Sauce are great. The burgers are also great and a half pound.There are two sides to this restaurant the Bar is smoking and the dining area is non smoking. Its across the street from the South Point Hotel.good food, drinks and not a chain what more can you ask forOne of my favorite places in Las Vegas. First and foremost I am not the biggest Vegas fan, don't care to live here and am beyond terribly homesick for Cleveland.So I was happy when I discovered there was in fact a "Cleveland bar/restaurant"

The Pho Bo did not dissapoint. The broth was both tasty and aromatic and the beef tender. I would like to have seen it accompanied with a bigger side plate of herbs and a bottle of chilli sauce left on the table rather than a small dipping sauce size portion. Tailoring Pho to your own personal taste is half the fun.

This is also not your basic traditional taco shop either, it is actually a sit down restaurant where they bring you a menu and go through all that blah blah restaurant stuff and although the service is more than awesome the reason I usually go to taco places is for quick fast food style service but if they are going to take the full service route then they should at least serve complimentary chips and salsa. so next time I stop here I'll make sure I have more than enough time to enjoy the nicely decorated room, dia de lo muertos style, and listen to the not so Mexican alternative rock style music. No shirt, no shoes no service..... But go desnudo.Not exactly cheap food, but for the most part you'll get what you pay for.

You'll be throwing your hands in the air

-Casino was good atmosphere and we had some good luck here!

The cadillac margarita was not as good as other ones i've had. Just was not mixed right.

I recommend the Vig for the tasty food and the nice atmosphere.Really decent service even when they're busy and I am not with a group! The mimosas are prepoured and weak... unless you ask for more bubbles ya might get mostly oj from concentrate. But they are accommodating when you ask. First service of food was a failure: soggy Monte cristo ...a ham egg chez  sammich on French toast. Mine was soggy and included a side slice of inedible dry whitish pineapple. I hated having to send it back bc I could tell how good it could be if the toast was toasty and not soggy. They were great about getting me another meal. It is taking forever thoughhhhhhhhhh.I go to The Vig Fillmore fairly often as I live right down the street and enjoy myself every time. There is great outdoor seating and is very spacious. I have never sat inside but that seems nice as well. They typically have good choices of beer on tap and a full bar. I haven't eaten any of their entrees but the "vings" and the nachos appetizers are pretty delicious. They do have happy hour specials and I know that they have a half off wine bottle night as well. Overall this place is on the pricier side, but certianly worth it for the atmosphere.Another awesome bar I encountered during my quick trip to Phoenix. I went on a Sunday night and all the wine bottles were half priced. The bartenders were friendly and  the atmosphere was just how I like. Unfortunately, the kitchen was closed by the time we showed up.The Vig @ Fillmore is within a close walk from my Loft in downtown Phoenix. Great spot for a full blown party or just a late night snack. Tonight is burger night, with a side of Sweet Potato fries...with March Madness on the tube.Megan and Tom are taking good care of me...PRETTY LUCKY GUY !!Before heading back to LA we stopped here to eat. It's kind of hidden looks like a house so drive slow its on the corner. I had the chicken strips with fries. The fries were the best part good seasoning on the fries. I don't drink but the cool thing is they have a DIY Bloody Mary bar so you can create it to what you like.The Vig is my neighborhood bar. It has a fantastic happy hour. The patio is fun and the perfect size. Food and drinks are you above average bar food but still comforting.LOVED IT AND RECOMMEND IT!

Items cheaper than target I will come here .This place is so convenient for when I am at my oldest sister's house.  As in right across the street convenient.  We like to order from here when we are too lazy to cook.  They have good lunch deals.  I love the chicken yaki-soba.  Rolls are good and range in price from like $3-$12.  Good gyoza and edamame.Overall very solid, cheapish, convenient food.I love this place. Convenient, very nice wood decor and friendly staff. The sushi rivals more expensive downtown locations - try the Peter Pan roll, not on the menu but seriously delicious!Don't let the strip mall location fool you - One-U is a great place for consistently good Japanese food. I've eaten here probably 15 times and I love this place. The owners and staff are super friendly. The Peter Pan roll is terrific - and even better when you have a tall Sapporo with it! The tempura is very good; I've had tempura in Japan and this is on par with what you would get in Tokyo. The brown noodle side dish (I think they call them spaghetti noodles) have a great sesame flavor. They also have dishes like Pad Thai if you prefer Thai cuisine. I've never had a bad meal at One-U.This has become my favorite place to grab sushi after trying everything in a 10 mile radius. Quality food for a good price. Their lunch deal is awesome!Love this place!  The lunch specials are a great bargain and the quality of the food is very high.  The owner, Michelle, is very nice.  Don't let the strip mall location stop you from eating here.Hadn't been here in years and got take out last weekend. Love the summer roll and Peter Pan. Winter roll is nice as well. Excellent flavor on the squid salad, though we ordered seaweed salad, so the order was incorrect. Main complaint would be very slow service, and a lack of updates to the menu. It is the same as 2 years ago. Would love to see an update.I'm only going to give the 4 versus the five stars are usually get. They only had a couple of servers so the service was slow. But the food was again very good and the sushi very fresh. It really is good for a very good price. This is probably the best sushi restaurant in Charlotte and I  highly recommend it!Clark Tire is Awesome ! My buddy Lou hooked me up with this place and he was right Paul and the gang was great ! Fast service , Great Prices I'll definitely go back for general maintenance stuff...Every time I've ever been in here this place has been really busy.  Most of the time when I'm here it's for morning coffee.  In my opinion, DD has some of the coffee out there, bar none!  I love their coffee and the donuts!  I always try to stay clear of the fattening donuts and sandwiches but I can't resist the coffee (cream and sugar)!Very very very expensive place especially for just donuts..And the ice cream at Baskin-Robbins there is a very expensive it's amazing how much ice cream has increased in price.Mitch Perry is a great guitaristRoss Dress for Less is the retail closeout and overstock Mecca in my humble opinion. Yea, there is TJ Maxx and Marshalls, but Ross has the lowest prices.  They are located in the Windsor shopping center, near the Ross and Outback.Unlike TJMaxx that pretends to be a department store, Ross is a no-frills place to get name-brand clothes.  The selection is somewhat less, but the quality and prices are better.  You'll spend less time sorting through what you don't want at Ross.  I have snagged some quality Calvin Klein and Levi's Jeans for less than $15 and collared shirts for less than $10.  The men's shoe section has alot of trendy casual shoes and athletic shoes.  The store itself tends toward casual, but the dress shirts, slack, and ties aren't a laughing matter.   I would highly recommend that you go during the week or early mornings on the weekend.  Otherwise, you will inundated with other shoppers and their kids. There are normally long  lines at the cash register, but the staff is generally friendly and competent.  This is random, but I need to insert it somewhere-they have an awesome kitchen utensil/appliance section.  Not a lot of electronics, but if you want to impress your significant other with an Italian stove-top  espresso maker or equip a kitchen with culinary-quality cooking utensils, this is your stop!Ross reminds me of that game you played as a kid, needle in the haystack. I stop in just about every couple of weeks and I'll find some really great deals. Working in uptown Charlotte every day can take some $ out of your wardrobe budget. Ross has some killer deals on business suits! Just last week I picked up two suits for under $70 both came lined and were really decent quality. As Seth mentioned they have an amazing kitchen gadget department.Usually you can find some good deals on shoes I wear size 13 so it's nice and socks prices are a steal u wish they had more watches but overall great deals and close to my house which is a plus . And the security lady is really nice and friendly , cashiers are ok can be nicer thoughFriendly employees and good selection of merchandise.I have been getting RXs filled here over the past year and their pharmacy is better than the CVS on Conlon. It typically isn't as crowded here and the pharmacists here are much nicer & more helpful. I recently had a script for an expensive drug that I had a manufactuer discount card for. The pharmacy tech ran it but came back & said the discount was not valid since my insurance wouldn't cover the name brand drug. That made no sense to me and I pushed back on the tech to check again... the pharmacist overheard and came around  and told me he would take care of it for me...and he did. I was so happy because that saved me  around $20 just for this filling. I have also used their drive thru to drop off & pick up prescriptions. It is super convenient!Went in for takeout, and was surprised to see a pretty cool bar that had a really good crowd. The staff was friendly and the food was good. I thought the menu had a good mix of traditional rolls and some unique ones as well.Really great fish. nice selection of roles.  Great service and wonderful atmosphere. I would say that this is the best sushi restaurant in south charlotte.The Sushi Review:

MISO GLAZED CHILEAN SEA BASS ,SHELLFISH DUMPLING, DASHI BROTH

We had the two bedroom so our son was actually given a studio suite right next door.

On to the review - the food here is pretty good for strip fare - I've had the pulled pork sandwich and tried the fried catfish and enjoyed both. The pulled pork sandwich was served with fries and was actually pretty daggone good. It's also slightly cheaper than their other sandwiches. The fried catfish here is the shiznaz! I honestly have to say this is about the best fried kittyfishy I've ever had, and I've spent my life in both Texas and Georgia so I've had a LOT of catfish. It's about $15 which is not a bad price for it, the fillets are big, the tartar sauce is good, and it's not greasy at all. The beer is cold and tasty, which is always a good thing. Beer which is warm and tasteless is swill (or being served in England)  and I flat refuse. If you order a tall beer (or have a friend who does anyway) you can keep the glass too (although it's usually made of plastic).

Fish torta it was pretty dang good. Definitely check out for yourself.Great tacos. I had 2 fish and a side of chips and salsa. They are street taco sized but filling nonetheless. Super friendly folks at the counter. I'd go again.I've driven by this place quite a few times while on 7th ave and decided to give it a try today after my hike. I ordered the 'Surfer' torta and my friend had the steak and shrimp tacos. I have to say that everything was delicious.  The torta was definitely tasty. And the service was just as good. I've found a new taco spot and I'll definitely be hitting it up again soon.Cute hole in the wall. The best kind of place. Great tacos (had the grilled fish, yum!). And nice staff, Sam was the sweetest!  Also The French Grocery is next door so you can stop and grab some bread for dinner. It's a two-fer! ;)Okay. I found my fish tacos!! Well. Fish burrito at this visit. I missed the fish tacos from Taco Ayoteca. But it was brought back here, only with shredded cheese... Which was odd but okay, it was delicious and huge! I ordered two pastor tacos as well. Those were delicious! Not your standard pastor street tacos, but yummy! Meat was saucy and tender. Green garnish on top, papaya? But all the same, it was good. Everyone was nice and patient with me. Didn't feel rushed well standing there deciding. The decor was awesome! Everything new. I liked that they basically left me alone once my food arrived.No one else came in while I was there. Even so, the employees were detail cleaning which I like to see when I used to work fast food. Can't wait to go back an need try the bacon and 50/50 taco. Not your typical Mexican street tacos, but delicious all the same!50/50 taco, different but yes! The chorizo wasn't overpowering like I thought it would.Bacon taco, first bite the bacon was a bit over cooked. But the next bites were explosion of flavor in my mouth! The sauce!!Steak taco, again first bite it was chewy. It also needed some help with the delicious green salsa.Horchata, you gotta!! Sweet yum in your mouth.The random karaoke from Dan was fun, lovin' the reggae. The price is a bit high than I'm used to, but well worth it!It's hard to mess up street tacos, but trust me it happens, but luckily not here! I got chicken and fish tacos, they were both delicious!Well deserved 4 stars.  This place is great.  $3 Tacos with a good variety, Classic Rock playing over the speakers, and fast service. I'm sold and will be back!The green salsa was to die for! I could drink it. The tacos were good, but small. We had the braised brisket, pastor, crispy fish, and shrimp. The crispy fish was really good and fresh and probably my favorite. The horchata was the best I've ever had! Check this place out! Hopefully Mucho Macho Taco is here to stay.The place is a small hole in the wall. There was no customers on a Sunday at 6.00pm.they have a limited menu . We tried their breakfast burro . It came with hash browns which made for an interesting combination . We liked their fish and shrimp tacos . The place is simple and was fastI wish I was more into the food scene because the illustrious Dan (of so many other reviews) was in the kitchen the evening we visited and I could have been all hot shot with Jenny and been like, "oh yeah, that's Dan back there." But I'm not so that's that. Now the food at Mucho Macho Taco is good. We had 50/50 tacos and brisket tacos that were both on par. The red salsa was decent but the green salsa ('verde' as it is often known) was creamy and excellent flavored. The star of the show, however, was the chicken quesadilla. Not too greasy and full of cheese -- dip that baby in that salsa and stuff your face. Glad we finally tried MMT -- will definitely be back to try out more of the menu.The green chili pork burro was great! The pollo taco was so so. Free chips with your order and very friendly staff.I was told to try this place after going to Tacos Atoyac. I was very impressed. The tacos are great and nice way to try different items on the menu. The carne asada is the best one! Nice and flavorful meat to go with pico de gallo, cheese, and great corn tortilla. Although I haven't tried most things, I was not totally impressed with the Joe's Crunchy tacos. Go for more of the traditional ones instead. Also free chips when dining in and great salsas! If you're in central Phoenix make it a point to go here!This place was good!!! Love the vegetarian option and good rice and beans. Only 4 stars because it was a little dirty.Solid place.  The crispy beef tacos are great as well as the breakfast burrito.  Get the horchata too.  The staff is very friendly and the service is pretty fast.  Love this place.First time in here. Easily the best Lengua taco I've ever had in Arizona.  Fish tacos both grilled and crispy were fantastic.  However,  the braised beef while flavorful,  was quite chewy. Seems like a better cut of meat would have been better. All in all, I will definitely be back. Great Job Guys!Great place to walk when at work. Just up the street. Good food and great service. It's small but fast. Good for take out.This food is the bomb! Highly recommend if you like Mexican food with a mix of white, the tacos are a good size to fill you up. Try the Rosarita Hot Dog!I will start out with there tacos are AMAZING. Absolutely on point. The gentleman behind the counter taking orders was polite. Then...dun...dun...dun...I have quite the interesting thing happen- as I'm eating I come across toothpicks in my taco. (See picture). I was chewing and spit one of them out. Thought ok that is unfortunate; but along came two more. I'm curious if this is regular practice for the tacos I ordered? (Which was found in Joe's crispy). The paster and Carne asada was unharmed. Overall solid 4. Would have rated it a 5 without the incident happening. I give it a 4.5/5.

Service was efficient and young lady was polite too.

Delicious was an understatement! You walk in and your mouth automatically starts watering because whatever they are making that day smells sooooo yummy. I havent tried the quiches yet, but they all sound amazing. I went in and got the daily special both times I went (within one week of eachother because it was so good) and i ate pretty much all of both. And i generally cant eat all of my food.

1. Seafood Curry and Yakisoba Noodles - average... I can make this at home. Not bad.

- Lots of seating

Needless to say, food was outstanding. They use arugula on burgers, which I love so that was an immediate bonus for me. Definitely going back. little pricey for lunch ($10-$12 burgers) and the location kinda blows. However, I think it's a nice surprise of a place you wouldn't expect.

I didn't attend but I know they still do The Sunday Pool party which last I checked was still one of the best parties in town.But the highlight of the stay was the Bed. One of the most comfortable beds I've ever laid in and outfitted with some of the softest and most inviting sheets and pillows on the planet. In retrospect, I would have spent more time in bed that working out or walking around. My recommendation, if you want to have a good time and a reasonable price stay that offers accessible location to all things on the strip (ps-strip club across the street and the fruit loop just south for all you gay party goers)And be able to sleep off the wild nights, this is your Place.5th time in vegas. I always stay in a different hotel, hard rock didn't disappoint. It's not the biggest flashiest hotel but it was super nice inside, clean, beautiful decor. Has a lot of great food options downstairs too. It's right off the madness you'd find on the strip which is nice. Was able to find it cheaper booking directly through their site than on hotels.com!I really wanted to give this a 3 for cleanliness. When we checked in we had a great reservationists who advises me of the upgrade we received but when we got to our room it was the room I booked. At first glass I could tell the room wasn't clean to my standards. Dust on light fixtures, found a rubber band on the bathroom floor and mirrors could have been cleaned properly. Also, was greatly disappointed in the location of room. 5th floor and last room at very end of hall. When we looked out our window we are looking straight at a garage and then the other side was apartments. Now I did like the size of room and bathroom was huge. Lighting sorta dark so I am sure I will be looking like a girl with too much make up on. Now we have been in here 6 hours and it's amazing what a few drinks can do to your perception. Came back in the evening and looked out window with the apartments and got a beautiful view of the strip lights and the LINQ. Turned the music on that they offer and we just relaxed and sang a lot. The room is worth the discount special but if it's over 150.00 I will stay at the Venetians of Caesars. So far great service from the people we have met.If ya get a chance stop by the Bar next to Mr. Lucky's.  Ask for Denise and tell her Monique said she has to be your cocktail waitress of choice! She is so adorable and a sweetheart! If your coming during the summer you will find her out at the pool!Stayed here for a week for our Wedding February 13th. For the most part it was fab! We were upgraded to a corner suite in the HRH Tower with phenomenal views. Room was huge, bathroom huge and gorgeous. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud! The whole atmosphere is totally our Jam so we have no complaints there. We had a couples massage the first morning, ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! Pink Taco was delic! Valet guys are smooth and quick. My only complaint...1 full length mirror hiding in the closet in the entryway which was very dark. Considering we were getting ready for our wedding that day it was a little disappointing that the HR couldn't accommodate something for us. Other than that, we loved it, and we will be back!!As far as Las Vegas casinos go, this one does not disappoint! The property features all you would expect from the Hard Rock brand. Service here is top notch, and there are a ton of great food venues on site.My stay here was for a week, and I can't wait to get back!*Note, when the pool is open, this property hosts Rehab, one of the most popular pool parties in Vegas.I have been staying at the hard rock hotel every week for a month and a half on and off getting a tattoo done it revolt tattoos across the street I can recommend the executive suite in the celebrity suite with a pool table in it for the priceWe really enjoyed our stay here.  It was nice to be off the strip, in a nicer hotel, away from all the noise, but not too far away.The price was good, two nights during the week was only around $150 after the resort fees and everything else.  The room was nice, the bed was very, very comfortable, the bathroom was nice and clean with a large tub.  The travel size stuff was actually really good quality as well.  We went out to the pool one of the days.  It was a little too cold to get in, but walking around in the sand was fun.  They've got 3 pools here, including a 21+ pool.  Waitresses will get you drinks or whatever else as well.  Overall it was a great stay, for a great price, in a nice, clean, comfortable hotel.  Walking around looking at the memorabilia on the walls was fun as well.  Try out Naked City Pizza if you need food!El Hard Rock es un mundo aparte. Un poco lejos del centro de Las Vegas, más próximo al aeropuerto, te ofrece spa, piletas, lugar donde hacerte tatuajes, tienda de ropa, cafés, conciertos, pizzerías, restaurantes, joyería, boliches, gimnasio y (obviamente) un ENORME casino. También tienen un micro que cada una hora pasa para llevarte al centro. Las habitaciones están separadas en torres, nombradas según la calle en la que se encuentren. Todas tienen un estacionamiento propio, y están intercomunicadas por el casino. En realidad, vayas adonde vayas vas a tener que atravesarlo. Si a la mañana querés ir a la pileta ("muy" temprano), por ejemplo, la única abierta es la familiar y van a tener que caminar bastante por ahí (obvio que dependiendo de la torre en la que estén hospedados).Lo que más choca, después de acostumbrarte a las luces y espectáculos,  es que los negocios cierran muy temprano. No sólo adentro del hotel, obvio, pero publicitan la pizzería con carteles que dicen "abre hasta muy tarde" y a la medianoche están cerrando. En cuanto a las habitaciones, todo depende de cuál reserven. La nuestra era enorme, y el baño muy cómodo. Las piletas estaban afuera, y eran dos ubicadas adelante de una pared  completamente espejada. Había dos almohadas extra en el placard, y varias toallas. El servicio es buenísimo, y si necesitan algo siempre atienden el teléfono. Si llamás a la línea equivocada te mandan al interno. ¿Lo único malo? Tocan una sola vez la puerta antes de abrirla, no te dan mucho tiempo a acercarte o (porque puede pasar) cambiarte o evitar algo incómodo.Very clean and comfortable! I stayed in a queen suite in the HRH tower and enjoyed it very much. The staff is all very polite and helpful. The room has extremely comfortable beds that you'll fall straight to sleep in at the end of partying all night!   And the bathroom is very spacious. The shower is huge and the water stays hot for as long as you need it! The hotel is not on the strip so you'll have to uber or take the shuttle but it's not a far ride. The pool area (not the Rehab beach club) is a little small but it wasn't that crowded during my stay.Sidenote: Nobu is located in this hotel and I highly recommend it! The flavors of the food are incredible and the staff is wonderful.Rock and roll style hotel chain and casino that boasts memorabilia from various musicians. I've stayed here twice and I've gotten great deals on prices (starting price on $39, but with all fees, usually about 60ish). The rooms are modern amd nicely decorated, but the casino is a bit small. The pool is beautiful and Rehab is a lot of fun! I've always wanted to go to a bar that you could swim up to. Other than that though, there isn't much to do. Although it's a little off the strip, it's not that far of a walk to the strip. I still choose to stay here when I come back because if their frequent sales.Hotel staff was very helpful and friendly especially front desk. Rooms are very nice and modern. I was very happy with the over all hotel. However it is a ways from the strip and will require a ton of walking or a cab. For us that was fine but many are surprised at how fat back the hotel is. I would recommend this property to those who are looking for nice accommodations good gambling but not wanting to wonder to strip very often.Wow, well this last time we stayed in the tower and had a queen suite here that was pretty cool.  There were several things I absolutely loved about this suite compared to others.   First off their beds are invitingly comfortable.  The living room area was pretty functional, and could be closed off from the rest of the area.  Loved their wall controlled sound system, and the tower seems so much quieter than the rest of the hotel in general, which meant I had a great nights sleep. But the best thing is the washroom area, which was very spacious. I loved the shower and the over sized soaker tub.  There was so much space in the entire bathroom area, it made getting ready very easy.  I loved that the washroom wall was glass and if you wanted more privacy you could just pull the curtain.  Very much enjoyed my stay here.  The layout of these suites was very resourceful and felt spacious.I love this hotel!!! It smells great in the lobby and casino. No idea why there are so many bad reviews- I mean the price is right and if people expect a Mandarin or Shangri-la calibre, they should stay there. Super comfy beds. Decor is nice as well. There was a pool party when we stayed there last weekend and it was loud- but hey it's Vegas!!! Not child friendly though. The hotel is far from the strip so save up for 10usd per cab ride to the strip. My husband and I loved it! You will too xxMy husband reserved here for my birthday weekend in February. We had never stayed here before, we usually stay on the strip. He reserved just a regular king room and it was beautiful. The bed was very comfortable and the room was very spacious. I really enjoyed staying here.  It was by far more than I expected. The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars and not 5 is because I felt the casino was lacking on some of the machines. Also we had an incident with one of the staff members. As soon as I reported it they did apologize immediately and reimbursed some of our money. I would consider staying here again being that I did enjoy the room and their pricing is very reasonable.My flight got canceled and this was the closest hotel to the airport that had rooms. They offered to give me a free upgrade for whatever reason but I declined as I heard the standard casino tower rooms have doors that open. The room was dated and missing some items but I hadn't planned on being there more than the night. The room was clean and housekeeping was great and brought me extra tissues as vegas always gets my nose running.  I really enjoyed the day and a half I spent here and could see myself returning for a longer stay next time. I will admit the bad reviews scared me,  but my experience was pleasant and affordable compared to strip rooms. Only advice is update the rooms. The green chair is way dated and not easy on the eyes and the carpet it due for a change very soon.music memorabilia. strong drinks. you feel like a rockstar here. This is my typical place to kick off any of my vegas visits. It's just routine for me. I love the restaurants here so far and payout on the machines are pretty good!Check in was pretty easy and their slots are loose! Won $350 on the penny slots. Room was a double queen facing pool...LOUD music while Rehab grand opening going on. Then some kind of construction noises going on bright and early. No fridge in room and $20 charge per day to get one. On the plus side we had dinner at 35 steaks. Filet was yummy and cocktails were on point. Just no real "presentation" Buuut I must say the wait staff were super friendly and attentive. They brought us a free dessert since they knew we were celebrating an early Mother's Day.We arrived at 10:00 pm and went to check in. Booked a suite in the HRH tower and they assigned us to the 3rd floor. I asked for a higher up room and the desk guy said there were no other rooms available, but to check back at 3:00 the next day. The room had a view of the roof and we were there for 5 days and 4 nights so we really wanted a better view. Went back down to the HRH desk and asked about a higher room and was informed of a smoking optional room on the 14th floor. (Don't take no for an answer at this place). We thanked her and said we would check in the morning for a non smoking. Next day we met the Prince of the Property.....concierge Estefan in the HRH tower. AMAZING guy who did anything he could to help our stay be the best. Upgraded us to the 9th floor corner suite and handled other issues for us and was happy to do so. The center bar has two male bartenders who absolutely suck at what they do. Watched tv and flirted with the waitresses while the lone female bartender busted her arse waiting on everyone. The one bartender was a tall burly fellow who got annoyed when we had to waive him down. The other was a black fellow who never waited on anyone that I saw. This was on two separate nights I might add so not a one time deal. I watched one lady wait over 5 minutes for a drink while these guys never served one to anybody. So the gal bartender go to her eventually, so stay away from the center bar is my recommendation. Oh the burly guy did serve one cute gal at the bar, and avoided serving her boyfriend who was literally right beside her lol. Her boyfriend didn't take much pleasure with the treatment either. The good stuff: the casino is extremely clean and the air is fresh. Easy to get on a table or a machine, and they did have single deck $15 blackjack. Other wait staff and bartenders were incredible. The folks at the bar by the HRH tower were super friendly and attentive. The room was spectacular with a large bathroom in good repair. Loved the huge shower! Food was spot on as well. It seems they run a special in Mr Luckys for a $10 prime rib dinner that was very good. Too bad about the middle bar stud wanna be's who cost me giving this place 5 stars. I would stay here again if guaranteed a room with a view of the strip, and just avoid the center bar, otherwise no.Love the stories of bands on the walls and throughout hotel. Also love the concert venues. The HRH vibe is really peaceful and chill. Love the juice Bar + gym/spa. I miss real slot machines and circle bar without a million tvs. Maybe they will take out the tvs at the HRH tower circle bar so people actually talk to each other- somebody has to do it. I think someone should just put kygo pandora channel at adult pool zone- so you get tropical vibes without the headache the dj has played everyday.  Thank goodness the family zone has good rock music and vibes all day, otherwise I would need to find a new hotel. Love the sand and the people that at work at HR, eclectic crowd of individuals- also LOVE culinary dropout. Unfortunately the poolside bars have clashing music and it makes me dizzy. Please bring more eco food :) keep it comingFor sure a nice place and the employees are really nice. These guys are always providing great customer service. I recommend this as a good place to stop by when you are in Vegas. Have fun. EnjoyWe stopped at the Hard Rock Hotel for a bite to eat. We ate at Lucky 7's. We had a club sandwich and a Lucky 7 Burger. Both meals were served together and we very good. Lucky 7 is a great place to eat anytime of day.We visited for the sole purpose of using Las Vegas Advisor coupons for free signature drinks.  Though the coupon indicates that these may be used at any bar, we discovered only the central bar has the ingredients.  On our visit which coincided with the nightly happy hour, the bar was packed, but we were able to find a seat when a couple left.  On the first round my wife ordered a Painted Woman martini (Ciroc red berry, X-rated fusion liqueur, prickly pear and lime juices, and orange blossom water) and I an All Nighter Espresso martini (Stoli vanil vodka, Kahlua, and espresso) that I found tasted a bit too much like coffee. These were good, but the second round of drinks proved even better with my wife taking the B-Train to Georgia (Ciroc peach, Contreau, OJ and cranberry and pineapple juices) while I was being dealt a Pear of Aces (Grey Goose La Poire, amaretto, St. Germain and fresh lime juice).  As we exited, we took time to check out some of the exhibits including a memorial to Prince.I liked the hotel, the staff was friendly to me and we got into our room no problem. The room was very pretty had a nice pool and strip view. We didn't have a remote for some reason but they brought one right up. Be careful not to move anything off the sensor unless you want to pay for it. ( luckily we didn't have to pay). There was a moth in our room but we had the doors open and it wasn't that big of a deal to us. It isn't going to kill you. The only two things I really disliked was the pool area or night club had music blasting until about 6 am and the people next door to us were up all night and all morning so I got shit sleep. They were playing music and talking loudly from 1 am - 11 am when I checked out. I heard security even knocking on the door but they were still loud. This isn't the hotels fault but I think if I stayed on a weekend again, I would ask for a room that was not near the pool so I can get some decent sleep. LolStayed here end of February-March in 2016 for five nights. Had a great time. While this hotel isn't on the strip, it's location is still great, and the pool is wonderful. Especially loved the Relinquery Spa..excellent back massage, beautiful and clean facilities-very much enjoyed the dry sauna and whirlpool.  Room was spacious and very clean. Courteous and helpful staff. Parked our car here easily, as there was much parking accessible. Mr. Lucky's is a great addition to this hotel-opened 24/7 and offering lots of classic (and delicious) comfort foods. Would definitely come back!We had a gorgeous room, and if I'm ever stuck in Vegas again, I'll come here.For some odd reason, once you step into this hotel, it smells so good!! The smell is sort of a fruity, sweet smell with a cigarette mix. Anyways, I stayed in the casino tower on the 9th floor. My first impression of the room was wow!!! This is so pretty and modern! Off the bat, I love the interior design of the room. I was in aw on how modern everything was. The beds were comfy and clean. The view was alright but I can't complain! The only downfall of the room was that the shower head sucks!!!! The water pressure was so low and the shower head would turn off by itself after like 5 minutes. Room service was prompt and food is not bad at all. Also, room service is 24/7! Their day time casino servers are definitely more happy then night time servers. The hard rock has a couple of pools but I only had the opportunity to sun bathe at their family pool (not sure what the pool is called). Pool staff checks your room key before entrance and they ask you how many towels you would like then you can skip your way to the pool. Valet staff is awesome in the day time but at night or early mornings, they seem to be understaffed. The Hard Rock is off the strip and I would suggest getting a rental car unless you plan on just relaxing at the hotel your entire stay. Overall, I had a great experience here and I would definitely come back. Hopefully the next time I'm back, their showers are better! Until next time!I have always loved the hard rock and this time was no different. Friendly and helpful staff, smells great, away from the chaos of the strip, wonderful pools. I could go on forever. The only drawbacks were 1- They charged me full price without taking into account the deposit I had already paid (although to be fair I had made changes to upgrade our reservation so things get lost in systems, no biggie) but I'm sure they'll take care of that during check out.... 2-figuring out which pools are open takes some research but far from a difficult thing to do if one isn't too lazy :-). Love it and will return!!Perhaps starting to show its age among newer and flashier counterparts, Hard Rock Hotel & Casino can still be a decent off the Strip spot. To that point - if you want to be close to the strip, then stay on the strip. HRH is not on the strip (about a 15-20 min walk) and the shuttles don't run that often. For a R&R solo trip, I chose the HRH because I got a good midweek deal and didn't have much need to hang out every moment on the strip. All up, I had a pretty enjoyable experience here. I had a pretty much hassle free check-in and check-out experience and every single staff member was friendly and helpful. The room was huge especially for just myself and major pluses for the plush and comfy bed. I slept so well every night. My room had zero view but the hotel probably doesn't have a view of much anyway unless you're staying in the new HRH Towers. The pools are adequate but definitely show their age plus they fill up by Noon so get there early. Decent dining selection but perhaps not the most exciting and diverse by Vegas standards. The casino has a decent selection of slots and never felt too crowded or smokey. For what I was looking for, the HRH & Casino did its job well. I got a comfortable and relaxing stay and a chance to explore more off-Strip destinations. Totally worth it if you score a deal online.I don't understand the people who give the hotel a bad review because it is far from the strip. It's in Las Vegas, not everything in Vegas is on the strip.Got a good deal from Hotwire and stayed there April 2016. The line was SO long and took a while but every single register had an employee checking people in and working pretty fast. I was checked in and my room (a farrrrr walk away) was overlooking the pool party which was SUPER loud but didn't go too late to be annoying. They had a crib for my baby at no extra cost which is always appreciated. I loved the decor of the room and the bathroom was nice which I am REALLY picky about. -1 STAR: The water in the room was something insane like $9 and the vending machine on our floor didn't work so I had to journey for water.Visited the HRH restaurant specifically for Gamblers Special for $7.77.  It was a steak dinner with 3 grilled shrimp, mashed potato and green beans.  It was a decent meal, the steak was favorable and cooked to specification.  Mashed potatoes were seasoned exceptionally well and the green beans were fresh.  I had hoped for the salad but was told it was not offered with the special anymore.  If you are looking for a budget meal, then this will meet you expectations.I love my room! Casino tower is the best because of the French door features, but paradise tower is for the added contemporay style with a modern rock edge. The corner king room in paradise town has an amazing shower fit for a king and queen and the over head shower!!...need I say more?Hard Rock is an Experience. Visited Here in 90's Up To 2013. Will Stop by in Future Visits. True Rock Themed Casino is Awesome. Its Off the Strip & Car is Recommended. I Have Ate & Played Here, But Not had the Pleasure of Staying Yet. Its a Little on Pricey Side for a Hotel. I Bought This Highly Collectible Biker Bear in Mid 90's That's Now Rare at HR Souvenirs Shop Back Then. This Hotel Casino Resort is Sometimes a Hotel Choice of Certain Movie Stars Actors/Actress & People in the Biz I've Witnessed.The Hard Rock is where you want to stay if you want to have a more tight experience and not lose your friends and some sprawling casinos the action is good the people are super friendly and it has a total rock and roll atmosphere the swimming pool is probably one of the best in Las Vegas as far as partying at the swim at the pool and it even has a small poker room with two or three tablesHad a great experience here this weekend. The only hiccup that we had was at check in there was no clear "check in" line. Both signs said "check out" everyone was confused and waiting in the wrong line. Rehab was awesome, the pool was great!!It's good, but nothing spectacular. First off, it is a true walking distance from the strip. But that's on me since I didn't look as clearly when I booked. I did really appreciate all of the music themes and memorabilia. There are tons of outfits, guitars and other items from many different celebrities that have made a mark on Hard Rock and it was cool. When we checked in, they did not have the room we requested available, so we were forced to choose between a smoking room or a suite with an upgrade fee. We picked the upgrade, and the front desk lady said she would take off a day's convenience fee, how nice! But it was not taken off at the final billing. I called later and they said they would refund me, but they still haven't. The pool is cool, but only one of them is accessible for free as a guest, which is weird. The casino had everything that you could ask for with the slots and tables so it was a fun time there. Nothing to complain about there. I didn't have a bad time, but next time I will most definitely look towards a hotel on the strip!I stayed for one night, on a Friday, since I was taking my daughter and her best friend, to a Twenty One Pilots concert.The first thing I'd like to express my displeasure over, is the fact that Thursday night hotel guests were allowed early VIP admittance into the concert, before Friday (the night of) guests. Where is the logic in that? Had I known it even existed, I would have booked for the previous evening! Not fair at all.Other things I disliked about the hotel and/or areas relative to it, were the elevator situation, our broken, bathroom door handle, the poor toilet flushing feature, the terrible wifi, no in-room coffee maker, 2 towels for an occupancy/booking of 3-4 people, and the disorganization surrounding the security and people responsible for The Joint/concert crowd.As far as my bathroom door handle falling off, it's not a complaint, in that I didn't call down, but will rather mention it at check out. The toilets always needed to be flushed 2 or 3 times, to get "back to normal". Annoying. The elevator situation sucks! This was discussed often, by other guests as well!!! You enter the elevator and insert your room key card, before selecting your floor. Sounds simple enough, right? Wrong. If I enter by myself, no problem. However, usually several people get on and need to go to their rooms. When I'd enter and slip my key in for the 10th floor, the other guests had to scramble and also insert their keys for let's say floors 4 and 7. Once the elevator passed floor 4, from my initial entry, that guest had to then stop at 7 (if that guest made it on time), stop at 10 for me, and any other floor where a guest was going down. Soooo, that guest that missed their floor 4, had to start back at the lobby again, to now become the first to input their card! INSANITY. I get the "security and safety" behind all that, but it's much easier and mentally sane, to have a guard at the elevators, checking room keys. Grrrr.Wifi included in your stay is nice, when it works. It would work on our beds, but not near the vanity area, or bathroom. It worked in the main hotel areas, but not the meeting room near the Music/Artist Hall, so we wasted lots of data. I can't stand when a hotel room doesn't include a coffee maker. It's so inexpensive, super convenient for guests, and FREE. The hotel greed of making me stumble down to the casino floor, half presentable, and to pay $3 for a drip coffee, is just absurd. Thanks Super 8, at $53/night, for letting me wake up and caffeinate my way!I won't end on the bad, so here's what I liked. The rooms are gorgeous. The beds were soft, decor upscale, and it felt large and roomy. Many storage areas and outlets, plus extra options.The pool area looked INCREDIBLE!! I didn't get to utilize it, but I will on a return visit, no doubt!Karen, who works for Room Service, was a doll! I came back to the room late (post concert) with 2 hungry teens. We had a lengthy hold time, but Karen answered and was soooo polite and friendly! We ordered 3 chicken tender/fries plates and she stated it could take up to an hour. She explained they'd try and hurry and asked about our concert and made me feel special. The food came in half the time, it was delicious, and I went to bed thinking how her customer service alone, made my night.I'll be back to stay, for sure. I love the music piping throughout the hotel, the shops/restaurants, music memorabilia, and more.HRH is VERY close to the airport - in fact the planes fly over regularly, however when you're in the room, you really can't hear them!  It's a reasonable taxi $$ fare to the airport.

The Parlor & Oreganos

numerous floors for a variety of music.

*Large variety of activities- Kids? Date night? You name it!

- Tram to Mirage

-- Strawberry Frangipane: refreshing

Weak coffee

This isn't a fancy place (at all) so you won't be impressed by the decor; just go there for the food.We love this family owned place. The staff is friendly and it feels relaxed and homey inside. The food was delicious!!The Greek salad is a must try. Gyro meat is fantastic. For me, the best part of the meal was the tzatziki sauce - phenomenal. A hidden gem in the Scottsdale/Shea area. Give it a go. You won't be disappointed!I love the food here. The gyro meat is very tasty. I have brought many new people with me to dine and all have been impressed. I do wish they would give you more tzatziki sauce. Also the service can be quite slow at times.been coming here on and off for many years. Very consistent food at a reasonable price and nice sized portions. I usually come for lunch and sometimes can get a little busy. everything I've had there is on point.Came here for lunch got the gyros sandwich and it was grate, the fry it came with was ok kind of soggy, not that bad tho. The customer service was good, they were very friendly. Most likely coming backGreat place to go for cheap Greek food!If you're in the mood for quirky decor, great food, and you don't want to spend a fortune, this place is it.  Service and food are always wonderful!  A friendly, family owned and operated business. I usually have the lunch salads but the gyros is great and the burger and fries is darn good as well. Today I ordered the chicken kabobs and it was fantastic!  I would give 5 stars but for two small things:  I'm a bit of a wine snob and their selection is quite limited--not terrible, but limited; and 25 years of popularity is showing in the furnishings; it's worn a bit thin up front.The food was delicious, and the service was great. I love to go to a family run place. They were kind enough to steer my order to fit my appetite. The reason my review is not 5 stars is because the atmosphere is a bit dark. However, it felt great to get out of the hot sun.Not sure what everyone here is expecting, but for the price point and convenience we love The Good Egg and this is probably our favorite location. The wait staff is always friendly and courteous and the food is consistent -- which is really what one should look for in a place like this. For me, the best thing on the menu is the Old Pueblo Skillet (have them add bacon). It's impossible to beat in my opinion. ;-) The Nurse's Bialy, Strawberry Fields salad and Mickey Mouse pancakes are our other family favorites. If you're looking for a good business breakfast, this place is great, too.The cinnamon roll was perfect for my sweet tooth, warm and flakey.About same price as a trip to ihop just a whole lot better.  Service was fast and food perfectly prepared.  Menu has a lot of variety including breakfast and lunch items.Kind of like an upscale Denny's.  The menu is HUGE and has something for everyone.  They can even make it spicy for you!  The service is quick and friendly.  Typical diner though...The staff was friendly, the food was good, the price was fair, and I left happy! Phoenix--you're so lucky to have this establishment. In Kentucky, we're stuck with Waffle House. What a breath of fresh air this place was for breakfast.Eat there 2-3 x wk. great good and serviceThe selection is so overwhelming in a good way. I had eggs benedict. The eggs were perfectly cooked so many placed kill the eggs. I was a happy camper. Plus going on a Tuesday you get double stamps on their free meal card.Good breakfast eats!!! Earl gray iced tea is terrific. Egg Benedict dishes are yummy too. Good friendly service.This place is all about the healthy.  All calories are listed on the menu and it was eye opening and made me choose healthy options.  I like how they place a water, coffee and tea jug on the table so you never run out!  Refreshing.Lots of options, so everyone can find something they like.  Last time we went my kids got cute Mickey Mouse shaped pancakes, which they loved.  Good casual place to go with the family.Been coming here for about 3 years now whenever we visit for spring training.

That gondola ride was sweet huh?      \

2 sides

Als Hauptgänge Lachs (Label Rouge) in grünem Tee gegart (23€), der Lachs wurde in kleinen Stücken roh in einem tiefen Teller serviert und dann mit gut gewürztem heißen grünem Tee übergossen, dazu gab es eine gefüllte Minipaprika, gebratener Senfkohl und Jasminreis, alles in einem Bambuskorb serviert. Rosa Rinderroulade vom dry age Filet (27 €) mit geschmorter Gurke, Portweinzwiebeln und Lardo gefüllt, Kartoffel-Trüffelcreme und Gemüse. Eine Rinderroulade der ganz anderen Art und supergut. Kross gebratenes Zanderfilet (22€) auf Rote-Beete Risotto, glacierten Rosenkohlblättern mit Meerrettich-Senf-Schaum.

This place and all their other locations is like walking into AJ's- there's something about the ambiance and sense of quality that you just want to whip out your wallet and pay out the bucks and feel good that you just spent a zillion dollars for a tiny little scoop of sweet deliciousness.  And feel like it was totally worth it.

Sunday evening - dark and cold outside.  Hanging inside with fiance and future sister-in-law.  All of us feeling tired and hungry but too lazy to cook dinner.  Just watched Grey's Anatomy and Private Practice reruns and worked up appetite...Thai food?  I suggested to them - oh yeah, we can't do that... none of the thai restaurants are open on Sundays.  Damn.Vietnamese maybe?  Nope - the closest one I could think of was closed on Sundays also.Chinese?  Too bad we don't have a great Chinese restaurant close by in the new 'hood anymore.I know, let's try somewhere new... Totties!  I called to make sure they were open, and sure enough - not only were they open, but they are not even a mile away!  Perfect...Tottie's was awesome - it was nicer inside than I imagined - for some reason I had in my head that it was going to be like Pei Wei - but it wasn't at all.  We were seated immediately and Kethy was our server (yes, Kethy - not Kathy).  She was cute and had personality - something you don't always find in restaurants now-a-day.  She honored our request to start with a big bowl of egg drop soup and add wontons to it!With the soup on the way, we perused the menu... I love that Tottie's offers Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, and sushi too!  We mixed it up a bit and ordered Pad Se Ew with Beef, Moo Shu Chicken, Thai Basil Stir Fry veggies, and steamed vegetable dumplings.  Medium spice and light on the oil.  It was way too much food, but it was fun to share a bunch of dishes, and now we have leftovers for dinner tonight!**Pad Se Ew was the favorite dish of all but nothing we ordered was disappointing.Total bill for all of the above was $43 before tip... not bad considering the amount of food we had!  Service was attentive - not only from Kethy, but Tottie (I think) came by, and our waters were fill constantly too.I will totally return to Tottie's in the near future whether it be for Chinese, Thai, Sushi, or Vietnamese - or a combo... oh, and I'll have to remember to save room for the avocado ice cream next time!I go here about once a week... whether it's to-go or sit down.my week is not complete without it. The menu is expansive - pages and pages. You could get lost in there. Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai...I have tried their sushi and I loved it. But what I go for - what makes a bad day a good day - are their tottie rolls and their pho tai.Their Tottie Rolls make Fate's Spring Rolls seem bland and amateurish. (yes, I said it.) The sauce is tangy, the ingredients are so fresh. You can smell the mint as soon as the waitress sets it down on the table.ahhhhh. Pho is an obsession of mine. And their are MANY places in the valley that serve. I enjoy totties' because the meat is so tender and the broth - so aromatic. The fact that it is walking distance from my house and it's a cheap $7 meal makes me very happy. To-Go service never takes more than 10 minutes and the reception area ladies are always polite, courteous and fast. Plus, they never forget the hoisin - which is very important.  The service in general is extremely friendly and attentive. I ask for something - it appears in seconds. The fancy decor makes it safe to bring family (my mom is a new fan), colleagues, and dates. Try their homemade ice cream. It will not disappoint. Tottie herself is always doing the rounds. She seems to recognize all the regulars and makes you feel at home. We were there on what I think was her birthday once. She stopped by and gave us slices of her birthday cake. She is genuine and her menu is a testimony to her talent. Good for her!And good for me - because I live next door to enjoy. :)In keeping with my brevity, great food, service a little slow at times.

Lobster Ravioli. Very good. The pasta was homemade and the lobster inside was small, but it was tasty.

Eggrolls are my personal go to item because I don't really like phoWaiting wise, it gets crowded during lunch and around..1AM-2AM? (ie when people start leaving clubs) so if you wanna miss the crowd...come a little later. Other than that, find a DD and come here to satisfy your pho cravings, it's good!Ever since their new interior design, their food has improved! I have tried their chop suey veggies, really greeeasyyyy. chicken vermicelli is bomb. well-done meat pho.. good. BUT Now that I have been red meat free for couple months, I tried PKL's chicken soup (only comes in large, so share) ..it was delicious! i don't even know how to describe it, maybe that i like it more than their pho, it was that good! so glad i found a new fave item here! It doesn't take long to get seated. They have a billion workers so your water will get filled and food comes out FAST!We started out at the pho place in TI... I vaguely remembered being unimpressed with it. Luckily my bf checked yelp reviews before we actually threw our money down the pit & we bolted out there and came here. I told him Chinatown was right around the corner & pho places would be abundant. Yelp helped us choose this place above the rest.At first u think it's gonna be a dump but when u get in there u realize this place is pretty snazzy. We like to judge places by their quality of Thai iced tea. Theres was pretty damn good. I prefer the strong tea taste instead of the overly sweet powdery mix. We order pho tai & rice with the egg & pork. Pho tai: He made it jumbo & it was the perfect size or him. The beef was tender & he said it was one of the best broths he's had (MSG? He doesn't care)Rice meal: I can see why people would think their portions are normally I would have agreed, but honestly tonight it was the perfect size. I finished everything & was very satisfied. Next time I come ro Vegas I'm definitely stoppping by here,I'm only giving it 5 stars (to start off) because the name is so awesome.I was impressed how the waiters came every 5 minutes to ask my table if we wanted refills for our water. They are very friendly. I woke up not eating dinner the previous night so I was really hungry the next day and craving for some Pho. I got the extra large Pho hoping it would satisfy my hunger. Apparently for my small size and huge hunger, it came no where close to that. The noodles came in small portion, something similar in the LA area if you were to order a regular size. What's worst is that it came with 4 slices of beef. I would deduct 2 stars but like I said earlier, the name of the restaurant is too awesome. I did not expect to $10 bucks for something that only satisfied half of my hunger. What can I expect? It's vegas.Great place to eat after a night out. We came here everytime we go to Vegas! They open 24hr which is very convinience. Service is great, and the foods come out fast. We tried couples items on the menu and all of them are good generally speaking. The restaurant is about 5 min away from the strip so when you are sick of the buffet , you can always come here at any time for a bowl of PHO :). It costs $12 to take the cab here :) when you can't drive :).Pretty decent.  Has a lot of selection and not your typical pho only shop.  Pho wa pretty good and hit the spot as that's what I was craving. Wife had a bun vermicelli noodle. She said meeting was not that great. The appetizer of garlic calamari was pretty good All in all nice break from expensive spots on the strip24 Hour Pho! YES PLEASE! Broth is amazingly flavorful, greens and sprouts were fresh, tai was cut perfectly, and noodles great-- not too mushy, not too hard, and not all stuck together. Service is quick and prompt (especially when its packed at 3am) and food comes out pretty quickly. Their menu is extensive with great options, though I have not yet tried it. Also I wish they had more traditional options for the pho (since you have so many traditional dishes on the menu)Ugh, I won't lie, I crave Pho Kim Long in the middle of the night..The pho and spring rolls are bomb! Very flavorful, well priced, and fast serviceA couple of my friends insisted on taking me here when they found out that, even though I absolutely love asian cuisine, I had never had pho before (don't judge me).  I have to say my first pho experience (the rare stake) was excellent, and I am thoroughly hooked.  To top things off, its open 24 hours - A+ recovery food all around.Anytime you can get pho at 2-6 AM after a night of drunken debauchery and shenanigans is a frickin' blessing and shouldn't be taken for granted.The fact that this pho is also good and the meat doesn't resemble rubber is also a plus.Whether you are sober, drunk as shit, or your jaw is sore like hell (looking at you etards), pho is food for the soul and will over salvation for any occasion. Come here at any time of the day or night. You know you want to Pho Kim Long all night long ;) or just maybe for 5 minutes and then split, only to Pho Kim Long again the next time you're feeling a little tipsy...Good Pho and we also had their calamari. That was

I would swear, however, that the quality of their margaritas have gone downhill in the last few years.  I know their method is pretty simple but their best was too sweet and not great.  Maybe I just had a bad bartender or 3 while I was there but it was nothing special.Good food and good entertainment.  Food is good and plentiful.  Where the Key West Margaritaville lacks in flare this place has it.Having been to many Margaritaville's in my lifetime, I knew that walking into the Las Vegas one would not disappoint. We ordered a margarita sampler which was AMAZING. It had been a while since we had tequila, much less margaritas so it definitely brought back some memories. They had several little shows going on while we were there including stilt walkers, hula girls and fun dancers. This would be a great place to take a group!My sister and I went here for dinner for convenience, as we were staying at the Flamingo. Reliable menu, nothing too fancy or expensive, entrees average $25. I had the sangria,  very good helped me relax after a long day of traveling. We had nachos and beers. Friendly staff.Split a over priced pitcher of margirita and now I have to crawl back to my hotel. THANKYOU MARGIRITAVILLE.The bartenders at the Tiki Bar are unsurpassed. Great spot to sit and rest for a while. You are on the Strip yet in a small cozy space where you can meet people and get away from the crowds.We've been here a few times a year over the last 5 years and it is consistent.  The nachos are HUGE but could be layered better.  The club sandwich is always on point.  COLD beer and quick service.Super fun! I had such a blast here after the Britney Spears show. I ate the best hamburger with sweet potato fries.  Huge portions. Great drinks. Great live band. Everyone was awesome.I'm a big fan of Margarittaville - but not for the food.The drinks are great, although super overpriced (but what drink isn't overpriced in Vegas?) but the food is below average. I had the wings one time - yuck. The next time I had the Volcano nachos. Those were actually okay but a TON of food. Get those for like 4 people, not as an entree for one haha. But what I love most about this place is the atmosphere! I've been here twice and we've sat on the upstairs patio both times. Once at night and once during lunch. It's absolutely beautiful at both day and night and you can here all the noise from the strip - it's lovely. I'll eat here again but only because I love the drinks and the view from that patio is one of my favorites!When in Vegas, stop by Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville on the Strip for happy hour. Two different margaritas for $5 and they pack a punch! It's nice to actually taste the alcohol in your drink! Had the quesadillas and the lava lava shrimp for $5 and $6 respectively. Both were great sizes and really yummy! Just a fun atmosphere!Get the nachos. They are a must. 3 of us shared the nachos as our dinner and we still couldn't finish them off.Volcano Nachos and margaritas.  It's an excellent combination perfect for a Vegas afternoon.  The place itself is pretty cool in a gimmicky sort of way.  It's a chain and you can tell, it's a little chaotic running around inside, lots going on and not really reminiscent of a relaxing beach affair per Mr. Buffett himself.  It could probably use a bigger bar area or maybe just a revamping of the space so it doesn't seem that you're eating in a domed cathedral but I feel I like I'm just grasping at straws here.  But yes, the Volcano Nachos are as good and large as advertised and drinks are on point, and if those are your expectations then you will not be disappointed.So here's the deal... Is the place a "tourist trap"? Oh hell yes!!! Does that mean one is unable to have a good time there??? Oh hell no...The place is huge, can get a bit loud, even a bit "festive" at times and the food is just OK. Prices are what one would expect for a Vegas "tourist trap" but that's where the ordinary ends, (at least as far as I'm concerned).We both ordered "chicken sandwiches with side salads". Nothing spectacular... But prior, I ordered a 22 oz Landshark draft, (which I have had before), and the wifey ordered a "Planters Punch". Not sure if she is no longer the drinker she used to be or if they double dutied that bad boy, but that thing quickly put her happy ass smack dab on  the corner of "Shitfaced & Happy Go Lucky". What a buzz it gave her!!! Too frickin' funny.Naturally, I had to indulge in some Margarita Madness after seeing that shit so I promptly ordered a Margarita Flight. Had never even heard of a "Margarita Flight" prior, much less order / drink one!!! Soon, I too took up residence on the "Twisted Turnpike". Damn good thing we were walking...Can't remember the last time I was so freakin' happy to spend $90 on a meal, lol.A cool place to grab a quick bite, cool refreshing beverage and waste away...Will definitely try a two-fer flight next time and double my pleasure!!!This is a loud full of energy place with a girl in bikini sliding down a water slide into a tank of "booze" every so often. And people on stilts making balloon hats & animals. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. The cocktails were delicious and really had booze in them. A rare treat for theme restaurants. We recommend the Zombie!Food was DELICIOUS! We shared the Lava lava shrimp - scrumptious! And the Asagio  Crap dip and the Chicken Cobb Salad. Everything was delicious, hot, fresh and worth every penny! Great, fun place!Nice atmosphere super strong margaritas but tasted alright. Waitress was really friendly. Had fish tacos they were pretty tasty. Other couple with us got the massive nachos and they looked and tasty very good. Was enough for four peopleMargaretaville is a good time stop for a quick pub meal and entertainment.  Had the blue cheese burger and it was better than I expected from a tourist oriented restaurant. It was actually moist and flavorful! Our server was friendly fun and fast. While we were there we had the opportunity to see costumed singers and the girl in a bikini take the plunge down the volcano slide into the large margarita glass.  Great place for Jimmy B fans, couples, and singles. More of a place to have a meal and a couple of drinks and head out; not for a long night of hanging out. The outside balcony is a great people watching spot on the strip. Maybe not the best place for the 10-16 age group because of the volcano show.I love Margaritaville anywhere I go so naturally I wanted to go while in Vegas. This time I got the seafood macaroni and cheese with a blueberry margarita. I loved the macaroni and cheese, it was delicious and it was a huge portion. My margarita was also very good and very strong. I wasn't so excited about our seating as we were placed in a table where my friend and I were seated side by side facing a crowd of strangers instead of each other. In addition, I do think that the menu is still a little pricey for the type of food they have. Minor complaints overall though I'd say.First, it is more of bar and it is right on the strip so we were not expecting much.  The atmosphere is fun.  We had a great table and watched the entertainment on the street while others were paying to take pics with the characters ; )

No regerts on my sleazy time here.

The staff was nice and attentive. Definitely will go back again!

Our server was very nice and attentive. She got us what we wanted in a timely fashion, water, bread (Italian, sourdough or ciabatta), wine for us and soda for the kids.All things considered, I would go back for the food and service but not the atmosphere.  The chef seems bold and adventurous and changes the menu often, so we were told. I'll have to go back to find out...Enjoyed a good meal late on a Saturday PM.   Surprisingly not crowded, given the reviews, but traffic picked up a bit later in the evening.   Service was outstanding - the waiter explained dishes well, inquired in-depth about food allergies in response to a question about a specific ingredient, and paced the meal perfectly.   Appetizer of the fresh mozzarella with tomatoes was great.   Food was well-prepared, portions were adequate if not a bit on the small side.    Worth a trip.EXCELLENT!Very cute new building in South Side, service was fantastic, and the food is delicious. The homemade mozzarella and chop salad were some of the best I've ever had. Will definitely return!We ordered the homemade mozzarella plate as an appetizer and it was soooo good and I'm not even a huge fan of fresh mozzarella.  They sprinkled some salt on top which I think balanced the flavor of the cheese and the balsamic drizzle.  For the entree, I ordered the scallops with roasted cauliflower, pine nuts, golden raisins and parsley.  The scallops were fresh and delish!  I would highly recommend.  Most of the friends I was with ordered the gnocchi and really enjoyed it.  All in all, everyone was really satisfied with their meal and we didn't feel rushed to finish so were able to enjoy a relaxed meal together.sunday brunch is grand.the food's always good, waitresses and such are lovely... the menu changes often.I went here to celebrate with my family, and this isn't a place that you'd go every weekend. The food is very different, but in an excellent way. It was very delicious, and the wine selection was vast. The waiter was always making sure that our food was up to par, and answered any question we had. The ambiance is very trendy and cozy, and the music playing was very good as well. I'll definitely be coming here again! Yum!I dined at Stagioni last night and had a fantastic experience. I won't go into my expectations prior to arriving, but I did make reservations and would recommend doing so if you dine here. The atmosphere was great (I sat downstairs) and it was small, but intimate and cozy. The kudos continue with the food as well. I had a bottle of wine to start. Then, I proceeded to ask our server a lot of questions. I do this because I am sometimes clueless as to what is on the menu, but I also like to hear how servers describe things and if they get excited/are passionate when describing the menu to me. I enjoyed the menu of Stagioni. Fairly large and diverse, but you can also share pasta meals if you do not want a meat entree. I ordered the risotto balls antipasto, shrimp and salsa verde polenta, mushroom gnocchi, and peppers as a side (I forget their name). I ordered all of this and shared it with my guest. The food was fantastic. Rich in flavor, but simple and delicious. I then proceeded to have a night out at various bars and restaurants where I told everyone how great my experience at Stagioni was. I'll be going again, and I know I convinced others to try it out as well!First off, I had never heard of this restaurant until a friend suggested we have our quarterly double dinner date here.   With no hype and limited expectations, I wasn't sure what I was in for.  The good news?   What I was in for was a good thing.First off, our waiter was attentive and fabulous.  He was more of a foodie than we were!  I ordered the made to order mozzarella app which was a healthy size with very fresh, ripe heirloom tomatoes and the mozzarella was served warm.  We followed that up with their signature polenta and opted for the version with marinated roasted red peppers.  It wasn't out of this world but it was tasty.   The polenta was hot and was poured on a wooden board with the whole roasted red pepper which was cold.  I would have preferred the roasted red peppers warm/hot.   For dinner, I had the seasonal special, a cheese-filled ravioli type pasta in an apple and brown butter sauce.  Fabulous!   What I didn't love was the dessert menu.  Not a great selection.I'll also note that they have a full wine list but  you can bring your own and pay a $15 corkage fee.   The restaurant is worth a try but it is on the pricier side.We decided to hit this place up after another restaurant didnt' honor our reservation.  This was quite a find!  I had the sausage gnocchi and it was delicious.  The minestrone soup was very flavorful as well.

There is a dining hall next to the main room, a few pool tables and jukebox and nightly events.G&D is always a great time, one of the best places to meet up with friends for dinner and drinks.I love the "no apologies" approach of George and Dragon.  I've been going to this bar for almost 8 years (which is a lifetime in PHX), and not even the scent has changed (despite being smoke-free, for what, like 2 years)Its like the Binion's Horseshoe of Phoenix pubs.  Classic.  Comfortable. Cocksure. Vile.  Smarmy.  Ruddy.Everything a British Pub should be -- complete with Smithwick's and Fish/Chips.Their music is tip-top, and though it doesn't exist anymore, I was highly, HIGHLY impressed by their Northern Soul night on Wednesdays.  I mean, holy smokes, what a freaking stunt!  Too bad it couldn't maintain.Either way, you've got the EPL on Saturdays and Sundays, so this appeases the loss of midweek, underground Motown.And as an aside, this place is mos def in my Top 5 of places that need to have the smoking ban recanted.  Yes, i have a list.English Pub theme aside, this is one great all-around bar / restaurant.  After 6 or 7 visits, no element of this place has disappointed me.  George and Dragon "feels" like it could've been one of the first pubs in Phoenix, yet I don't know how long its been around... my point is it feels great.The service is always friendly and prompt, the crowd is always diverse, and the frequent weekend live music is a big plus.  I've felt sort of a rockabilly theme more often than not, but I have yet to make it there on a Wednesday, so I can't speak to anything but the weekend crowd.I also heard its a good place to get some work done in the afternoon, as they offer wi-fi, too!  Cool, eh?Pool and darts live here, too, as noted in previous reviews.Want a great place to catch up with some out-of-town friends without being annoyed?  Go to George & Dragon!  Great vibe, great bar.When in Central Phoenix, this is always one of my favorite places to go.  It's quite the funky English Pub, and a great place to watch European soccer matches.  They have a HUGE selection of beers from all over the world, and pretty decent food (not great, not horrible, just decent) on the menu.I like this place because the people who come here have this "I am who I am and this is how I'm going to be" attitude.  There is not one "type" of person that comes here, which makes it great in my mind.  They have pool tables, darts, and a good juke box too.  I cannot remember at time where I have had bad service here too, and the staff is totally funky and fits the vibe of the place.One should not expect the world if they come here, but for just an all around good time, the G&D is for you.  The best English Pub in the valley in my mind.I've been feeling kind of homesick (for Chicago [i got over it])) lately. Went to this bar/restaurant a few weeks ago and it felt like home. When I first stepped in there was that old nasty smoke smell. The Clash was playing on the jukebox. I'm not a smoker and I usually don't like that smell, but I instantly felt a sense of happiness. I know! Pretty wackadoo. But right away it felt like it had some history to it. Love the big booths andthe service was great. The waitress was so friendly, but not in a so bubbly I'm going to vomit kind of way. The fried zucchini and sausage rolls were yummolicious. Cornish pasty was good. Yorkshire pudding. Not so good. It was almost solid. Yorkshire pudding is suppose to be puffed up and hollow. And it was in this yucky gravy. But I forgive them. You can't be too picky about English cuisine. But I will definitely come back to try the fish and chips.I don't know what it is about this place. It smells like my Grandma's closet, the clientele are questionable and none of it makes a bit of damned sense why I keep returning. Besides their beer selection putting a twinkle in my eye and the menu making my heart stop. I find it endearing to post up and get crunk on the patio overlooking Central Ave.I took a first date here, she enjoyed herself and I got a goodnight kiss that night. He shoots, he scores! Maybe it was just the booze talking.Nevertheless, it's definitely my default. Since its within walking distance, "G&D" is sent in a mass text message on any of the 6 nights I drink.Loves it!Nothing like the eery feeling that you might get raped in the parking lot to make a girl come back for more..... and that is precisely what I do. Its super close to home for one thing...walkable.  The food is actually pretty phenom. for "bar food" . Oddly they serve a chicken satay in some sort of peanut saucy fabulousness that is pretty damn amazing. The pool tables suck, but hey, I suck at pool, we're even. Where else can you get hammered for 20.00 while wearing pajama bottoms and not feel the least bit out of place.If you can get past the creepers that haven't been laid in centuries and the distinct feeling that one or more of the waitstaff has probably been smoking meth all day I suggest you check it out. Just make sure you bring an escort ladies.We ended up there on Saturday night after a fabulous dinner and some pre drinking. We were met with friendly faces and an awesome waitress. She was the type of waitress that could anticipate what you would want to drink and never kept us waiting. It is a very chill, laid back environment, great for drinking the night away. the service was so impressive we never made it to the list of other places we wanted to try that night.I have heard sooooooo much about this place and finally I had the occasion to go.The place is actually pretty cool looking and not as dingy as I thought it would be. What I did not expect was the type of people there. It was quite a variety.. I expected it to be more on the alternative side.Major dislikes would include not-so-clean bathrooms, and a fight broke out in the pool table area. I can't remember the last time I was around a barroom brawl.The food is pretty good and really reasonably priced. They have a really good drink menu including a huge selection of rare beers. I got a chopped salad, but beware, it is not actually chopped...The service left a little to be desired, but wasn't bad. There were only two waitresses for the whole bar on a Saturday, so that could have something to do with it.Overall this place is pretty cool, great selection and really reasonable prices. I'll be back.I went somewhere tonight that I wish was George & Dragon, which made me realize that I had never written a review for one of my favorite standby restaurants.  So I wanted to give my 100th review to a place so deserving of recognition.I've been to G&D dozens of times in the past 8 years, and I can honestly say that I've never had a bad meal or bad service.  As a vegetarian, my favorite meal was always the Cornish Pasty. Mmm. Just thinking about it makes my mouth salivate.  A beautifully flaky pastry filled with potatoes and vegetables.  And peas, I love peas.  So yummy, I can't really remember many other meals there, although I do remember having a very good roast beef recently.The booths are awesome. The owner is incredibly British, and it shows.  There is a ton of authentic paraphernalia decorating these walls.  Plenty of British ales as well.  It's the standard to which I compare all British pubs in the valley.Ole Ole Ole Ole!!! 6 am pints and footy.  It doesn't get much better than that.Cheers

- Pisco Punch- Watermelon Apple

The churros are very good and their chocolate sauce is amazing. I could take daily baths in chocolate and I can tell the chocolate sauce was very good.Overall it is alright to go there but it's not authentic enough for a Mexican to be satisfied I would recon.After strolling rose street looking for some food on a saturday night and trying to avoid hen and stag partys we came across this place. Went straight upstairs to the restaurant and got seated straight away.

I love that they stock protein muffins from Great Grubbin down the street.

Do not get caught by the tides...

8 hours later and I feel great, if a little sad I didn't take some of the leftovers home. No ill effects like some reviews below stated.I suppose if you go to a restaurant for a specific atmosphere, you're going to leave dissatisfied even with good food. However, I could care less about that - I'm at a restaurant to eat, not stare at the walls around me. This place is definitely worth it if you want some fast and cheap Chinese food downtown.Sing High fried rice tastes good!Ordered a suggested combo that had egg foo young, chow mein, and sweet and sour pork. It was a good amount of good food for a decent price.  And whenever I eat Chinese I have to order the crab and cheese wontons, its my addiction.  Good quantity compared to other places (10 pieces).  I wish they had a little more filling, but that is my usual wish when I order wontons at most places.  My friend ordered the Bean Cake with Beef, which was also good.  Solid place to grab lunch in downtown Phoenix.  The restaurant/building does show its age compared to all the new places downtown.   I rounded up for the 4 star rating, its was better than okay, but would have to try again to be a fan.Serving on Jury Duty, it is close to the Courthouse.  A couple of the gals that I am serving with, came in today.I ordered Shrimp Kung Pao, without the peanuts, or almonds, and white rice.  It was delicious, spicy as in the description, with lots of shrimps, and vegetables, and I ordered white rice.  My companion ordered the exact same thing, with fried rice.. and the other gal ordered a combination #1, and asked for chicken, instead of pork.  I know she was disappointed with the chicken, as it was all dark meat.Overall, a good meal, we drank water, had a waitress that looked like she was 80 years old, but was very efficient.Outstanding food. If you want real Chinese food like in China, go somewhere else. This is real Americanized traditional Chinese food. Terrible service. But I keep coming back because of the food. Mmm.The food here is always great. The sing high fried rice is excellent! Fresh made to order. I always get an egg roll as well which are large in size. The service is always fast too.Great place to have some good Chinese food for lunch. I always get the orange chicken. I also have to say that they seem to be one of the few places left that DON'T use green onions in their crab puffs, yay! Their staff can be a little rough around the edges but I guess you just get used to it because I keep going back for more.Food was as expected for Chinese food and I especially liked the atmosphere. Relaxed and old school Chinese. Great value for the amount of food served.First time we have ever been here. This place has been  around since the 20's. Why i have never made it here. This is an institution. The history the nostalgia speak for its longevity.

S, microwave and frig.  Beds are comfortable and housekeeping is timely and complete.  Wi-fi was slow at times especially using my Apple TV.  Parking is a bit of a pain at times but all in all this a nice property.  Breakfast buffet is average but satisfying.Great hotel.  My only complaint was that the very small pool is in a room kept very warm.  In their defense, I didn't complain about this and give them any opportunity to have this adjusted.  But what I love is that the pool, hot tub and fitness room are open 24-7.  How awesome is that?!  Our room was just gorgeous and definitely clean.  Breakfast was tasty.  Front desk staff were friendly.  Location is a little far from the center of Madison, but that wasn't a big deal for us.You really can't beat this place on price.  I got a deal to stay here for four nights.  The staff was always courteous and friendly, and they have a bar at the hotel which is a plus.  It isn't a fancy place, but they have a free airport shuttle which saves on cost.   The shuttle was unavailable when we requested it and the manager refunded our cab ride fare, AMAZING!  They really know how to treat their patrons.   The only thing that I would def not recommend is ordering room service.  The quality of the food was disappointing, but I don't think they have a full kitchen.  I'm not sure why the food was so poor.  Everything else was excellent.I stayed at this hotel with my family of 5 for the night.  We have 3 boys and they loved the room.  We had a suite that had a separate room for them.  The rooms are beautifully decorated and have big flat screens.  The pool was small, but we were the only people there so it wasn't a problem.  We skipped the hotel breakfast since there are so many great places in Madison to go to eat (Monty's).Free Wi-Fi is always nice and I was surprised by the quality of the room for the price we paid.  It's obvious the building is relatively new and it's kept in good condition.We were traveling with our good friends, visiting Madison for the first time.  We booked 2 lovely rooms at this hotel and had a very nice, restful stay.  The rooms were clean and of very ample size, the beds and linen top notch and the hotel quiet.  Plenty of free parking, easy on and off freeway.

Flan - Chef's 80yr old recipe of traditional sweetened condensed milk, evaporated milk, organic eggs & natural cane sugar cooked to perfection.

-view (21st floor with a view of the strip)

There a bag and luggage shop called Corsa. Go see Angel for the best service ever. She was really fun and very helpful.

The last three days, we partied until the sunrise at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, home of EDC.

Though the cake was delivered a hour late, than requested!!I would surely love to visit the store and order again!Really good lunch buffet...and they have a military discount. Lots to choose from. Big drink selection, generous portions, can't expect much more from a grocery store. The chinese food is delicious and the fish buffet is very delish. Of coure, I am mainly reviewing the buffet, but there was a helpful smile in every aisle...that's for sure.Awesome grocery store. Kind of like a Wegman's if you've ever been to one. The produce was incredibly fresh and the takeout food is perfect. The takeout Chinese food is some of the best!(3.5) ~ Good Conventional Grocery StoreSo I want to give you 5 stars, but wow you are expensive.Ok, so you run good deals, but it is hit and miss.  There is no reason that you are SO pricey.  I love your produce section but it is not SO outstanding that you can charge $3 for a cantaloupe.  Alas, I will wait until I win the lottery to shop there regularly.  I do appreciate that they have a great bakery section and a wide variety of products.  If there is something you need (and willing to pay), then this is your place!  Now that the hard part is over, let's talk all the goodness!Their hot food section is stupendous!  No one can touch it.  Need a quick dinner?  They have take and bake pizza, hot food to pick-up and a deli.  You can eat it in for special all you can eat deals or take home.  They run sales on this as well.  In Madison good Chinese is hard to find.  It is surprising that some of the better Chinese I have had is in a grocery store.  There are also sales that they run at the hot food counter.Hyvee our love/hate relationship will have to continue.  I love your Chinese food, but I hate your prices.I grew up in Iowa and never truly appreciated how lucky I was to have such a great grocery store chain to shop at. When I moved here to Madison, I couldn't believe how awful the stores were. Copps, Cub Foods, and Woodman's? Terrible. Seriously. Now, don't get me wrong - I love Trader Joe's and the Co-op, but I can't afford to shop there all the time. I need a good store with quality produce, meat, pizza, baked goods, and a good selection of booze - Hy-Vee is that store.Other positives: the store is well lit, clean and organized, properly staffed (this is huge), has a nice health market, and even their deli and chinese food is tasty. Cheap and tasty breakfast, too.Oh, how could I forget... they have pretty darn good donuts. Maybe it is just because I grew up with them and they taste exactly like I remember, but when they are fresh in the morning they are pretty fantastic. I would probably stick with the standard glazed or chocolate, but the rest are decent as well. Good stuff!Hyvee feels clean and fresh, and I like the layout.  I often stop here when I only need a few items and don't want to bother with Woodman's.  Hyvee produce is usually good, except for the time I got home and found my strawberries were already fuzzy! I like the bulk and natural sections.  Liquor department doesn't have the offerings of Woodmans, but then again, who does?  Bakery also tasty, and deli nice too.So there isn't really a helpful smile in every aisle, but a time or two I needed to ask an employee for help locating and item, he or she was polite and helpful.Its nice how they have a USPS station.I also like the fuel perks program, when you buy select items you get cents of a gallon of gas, and you can really add those up!  I don't know how long you have to wait to use points, and I'm sure they expire, but its a good idea to gain a little extra from products you'd buy anyway.My wife and I are regulars at Hy-Vee primarily because of their proximity to our condo.  That said they have a great liquor department and supply awesome steaks from the Amana Colonies.  They also employee chef in residence David Martineau.  If you ever dined at the Edgewater Hotel in the 90's you've undoubtedly enjoyed his tableside steak Diane or his flaming tableside desserts.Love their fresh made pizzas.  I visit the deli area and bakery almost exclusively, and that is why it gets 4 stars.  If I had to rate the store as a whole, it would be a 3 star.  They are severely overpriced on most of their other stuff, but their pizzas and cooked food offerings are great.Even though they are priced higher, I choose to support this store.  Woodmans prices have risen quite a bit, so the difference isn't as much now, plus, have you checked the expiration dates on Woodmans food?  If you don't, you're most likely buying expired food.  Never at Hy-Vee.  Great store, great take out food, free wifi, I will go out of my way to shop there.  Screw WoodmansI grew up near a city with a few Hy-Vee stores, so it's not new to me. I've loved this store since I was a kid. And now that Madison has a few, I'm quite happy!The Hy-Vee on East Wash is a nice, clean and bright store. They have a great selection and there is indeed a helpful smile in some of those aisles! I'm especially happy with their Natural/Organic food selection. They also have a fantastic selection of bulk bins, including a fine selection of granola. The liquor department is also great and has a vast selection of beer and spirits. The employees are also there to help you pick something out. They really have almost everything I want.And I'm shocked by some who say their prices are high! Really?! Besides having good prices, they do have a weekly flyer and plenty of good deals. I'm sick of people saying Woodman's is oh-so-great and that their prices are amazingly low. This is often not true and let's be honest, Woodman's is a dump. I've had far too many hellish shopping experiences at Woodman's to ever want to return. No, just no.I haven't been to the other Hy-Vee locations in Madison, but I'm plenty happy with the East location.Chain, I know, but here is why an am writing a four star review: Picture this: Valentines Day, two kids in tow, one who wants a heart shaped pizza. Snow, cold, and we have all ready run five previous errands. I do not want to run another one. So I pray - please let there be a heart shaped pizza here. I scan the pizzas - no heart shaped pizza. My heart drops. Enter friendly pizza man asking if I need help finding anything. I answer, besides my sanity, a heart shaped pizza. He offers to make me one on the spot. I wipe away my tears of gratitude and thank him. In a day where customer service is hard to find I was very pleasantly surprised to find someone who went the extra mile to help a customer knowing they probably wouldn't ever get recognized for it. Way to go!GREAT GROCERY STORE!we love HYVEE because they have a solid selection of groceries.  this includes name bran stuff, hyvee stuff and a good selection of local stuff ie potter's crackers  and yum butter made here in madison.since we both work, we often prefer not to cook.  we used to live on the east coast where boston market was a weekly for dinner.we love HYVEE because of the KITCHEN!!!

Very nice selection and the staff was a great help constantly coming around asking if you want drinks and clearing your table.

2. Tea flavored spiced pork chop

2. service is good

You can mix and match 3 toppings you put with the kale salad. The salad has a lot of flavor. I love the brussel sprouts and chickpeas!Was really surprised by this place. You say why. Just wasn't expecting it in the location that it is in. I tried to find this place once and was really confused and then gave up. I guess I wasn't expecting it to be in building that doesn't look like it would house a restaurant/café such as this. I had the LBTQ----- I think it had one more letter but for some reason it currently escapes me. Let's just say I don't think you could put anymore bacon on the sandwich. I mean you could try but I don't think it is possible. WoW all that yummy bacon. Topped with a basil aioli, on a chabata bun with fresh veggies. This sandwich was amazing and fresh. I would never expect it to come from a place that  looks like an old library. I really wish this were a more apparent restaurant some where. The prices screem fresh and high over head which i don't think fits the local. Don't get me wrong I will be back the next time i am in the area. I just wished it were more convienentI was really surprised to see a restaurant with about 30+ reviews to be rank #1 in all of Las Vegas. However, gave them a try as they delivered to our hotel and I needed something heathy to eat after about 2 days of alcohol and buffets.They have a plethora of veggie and vegan options. You really can't go wrong here. Fresh salads, pitas made with organic and premium ingredients, fresh juices, smoothies and desserts.Firstly, I have to commend the service. The guy on the phone was so patient and so friendly. He explained all the menu options in detail, no hurry. Thy deliver for free for an order of $30. Prices are more reasonable than the strip. About $15 should get you a drink and sandwich. Delivery was under 30mins and very well packed. Communication, payment and invoice were super professional.Tried the tree of life pita. Really liked it, but it was more like a salad in a pita. I was missing an earthy falafel or something wholesome in it. I should have gotten the good earth pita (with eggplant and mushrooms)... Next time. The watermelon chia drink was super healthy, filling and tasty.Also had the Ghirardeli blended coffee which was at par with a Starbucks frappuccino. Tried the zucchini chocolate brownie - didn't like it. Should have ordered the cheesecake. Overall, ideal meal for 2nd or third day in Vegas when your system is screwed up with alcohol and bread/meat. They won't disappoint you and your body will thank you.Healthy food, yummy GF sandwiches, vegan options, great customer service! and THE BEST raw "cheesecake" ever! - I love this place.......I just wish it was within my $10.00 budget I try to maintain but never do lolFound this cafe through a co-worker (shout out to Kendall) which is a little hard to spot at first since its inside "The Center" and it has not indications that there is a café inside the building. I saw people coming out the building with brown bag's so I assumed there was a café inside. Upon walking in, I was courtesy greeted and ordered a vegan Tree of Life since it was the most popular which was great when your looking for a healthy option. The order took a about 15 minutes to get out to me, and they gave me a free chia blueberry pudding for the inconvenience. On my second trip I ordered my boss, my co-workers various food from there, and have to say that I will be going back until I try out the entire menu!We wanted a light lunch near downtown and this is what we found...  It was good, very tasty chicken Caesar salad and hubby had tree of life pita that cashier said was too favorite.  Could tell very fresh ingredients were used and if you are vegan or want gluten free items this is your place.  Address easy to find but didn't realize this was inside a building and could not see any signage for it.In fairness, Ive only had take out and deliver.  The food is delicious, but it is not cheap for delivery. The food is always fresh, and good. But the charge is a lot. You would have to decide if it is worth what they're giving. I like it, Im going back and ordering again.  Ill have to try the sit down sometimes.Came here while in town and loved it! Had the Tree of Life pita, a mint pineapple chia juice and a vegan cookie and loved it all! Very friendly staff in a cute building. My friends all loved their food as well, including coffee, pastries and hummus.I love to eat a vegan/vegetarian meal out. I have eaten at the Bronze Cafe twice and both times I ordered .THE BIZNESS Thinly chopped kale massaged with our house-made lemon vinaigrette and topped with roasted beet/corn/curried quinoa.  Delicious! I am looking forward to trying  their sandwiches, soups and sides. I will be back for more.On our last trip we discovered this restaurant so I made our return a priority.  Not being particularly venturesome, we both ordered the same sandwiches as last time.  My wife ordered the Tree of Life pita (roasted red peppers, avocado, mixed greens, tomato, house-made pickled onions, house-made vegan cashew "crema", brazil nut crumble, and mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette).  I, in turn, chosethe LGBTQ (house-made bacon jam, maple-glazed bacon, mixed greens, tomato, cucumber, basil aioli and lemon vinaigrette on a ciabatta).   Both sandwiches, made with impeccably fresh ingredients, were as delicious as we remembered. Will we be returning next trip?  Of course!Really nice place to hang out and enjoy a meal! It was pretty hard to find though, as it wasn't advertised anywhere outside the building its in. But other than that, it was a pretty good experience.My friend and I had trouble picking what to eat because everything looked pretty good. We ended up deciding on their special sandwich, the LGBTQ (to something close to that hah) and then had a quinoa pastry and an apricot-almond pastry and some coffees, and shared it all. Sandwich was delicious; we loved the bacon jam taste! Quinoa pastry was interesting, I mean, texture and taste I have never tried before, but something different! The apricot-almond pastry was very tasty! And coffees were good. We were sad we didn't try this chocolate-cononut pastry that we didn't see at first, so I guess that means we will have to go back!I love the fresh juices, and the vegan meals. Whats not to love!I wish I could give it 4.5 stars because that's what I want to give because I really liked this place. The food is interesting and their fruit juices hit the spot. The staff is overly friendly, which isn't a bad thing in the slightest. It's just a little expensive and not in the greatest area of town. BUT, the food is made up of really great quality vegetables, so the price point can be expected. If I'm in the area again, I'll surely be back.Items Selected:

Nun denn, Fahrkarte lösen und losfahren. Und das mit der Nicht-Übertragbarkeit  ist schlichtweg nicht zu kontrollieren ;-)

*****Pressed w/o 1 wrinkle!

Miki-Bihon, $7.95, -Good

or notice because the breakfast buffet,

Cod: 6

-Herbal TeaIf you are staying at the Venetian then a trip to the Bouchon Bakery is a must.  As others have mentioned it's tucked away under an escalator near the main elevator banks for the hotel.  Another has opened on the street between the Venetian and Palazzo on the Venetian side.  The ham and cheese on french bread grilled with mustard is pretty tasty as a lunch option.  Mango yogurt is nice for breakfast, be warned definitely on the sweet side.  The baked goods, like croissants are great as is their coffee.Bouchon Bakery is a little harder to find inside the Venetian hotel but it well worth the search.  They can be found near a second set of elevators by the hotel rooms. As many have said everything is big in Vegas, Bouchon Bakery understands this well as they offer their version of the palm size macaroons. My favourite are Pistachio and Earl Grey.This bakery is great. First off, it's Bouchon so you know you are going to be getting something good. Secondly, it's an express bakery so no long waits. I came here on Saturday morning and got the carrot cake cookie and two macaroons: pistachio and salted caramel. The carrot cake cookie was great. The macaroons were some of the best I have ever had. They were very large compared to macaroons I have had in the past, but the best part was the creme filling. It was very buttery. I also ordered coffee and the coffee was very good too.A convenient bakery located in the sprawling floor of the Venetian. This place is great for those who want to grab a delicious baked good with the comfort of knowing it comes from the same pedigree as the Bouchon restaurant just a few floors above.With clear glass cases showcasing the beauties behind the invisible cage, it displays baked delicacies with as much sensual gluttony as you'd expect from a city with the word "sin" added in its alias. Everything is enormous, from their macaroons to their, dense, filling bread pudding. Mix it in with a cup of coffee or hot chocolate and you have a perfect pair.Though the pricing is a bit expensive, with even the macaroons hovering at $3 each, your wallet might not appreciate you going on a spending spree in this one area; however, if you do decide to splurge, at least you know this is one bet you're not gambling on.Love the bakery.Very cool little place to stop if you're walking the strip to grab a coffee, pasty or some macarons.  Located right off the sidewalk in the Venetian, it is pretty convenient.  I thought the macarons were pretty great and the place overall actually feels like a regular bakery instead of a place on the vegas strip, which to me is a big plus.I found this Bouchon Bakery a little over a month ago when I searched the Venetian and finally found it by the entrance from the Boulevard near the pedestrian walkway to TI.  It's a small space but they pack a lot of goodness here.  I also found yet another Bouchon Bakery one floor above almost where you enter the hotel when you come over the pedestrian walkway.  Bouchon Bakery plus 2.  This will be more convenient for me when I want something from the bakery when I'am at the Palazzo.  It's not too much to go there from the Palazzo displays.Today, I only bought one pain au chocolate.  It was excellent, my wife reported.  Silly me, did I think I was going to get to eat it?  I like to try different things from Bouchon Bakery.  I love their macarons but I can buy just as good at a bakery closer to home and their price is better than Bouchon's.This place is always worth a stop if just to look and, yes, buy!I love macarons, they are just one of the best things to have ever happened to my life!Bouchon's macarons were light, crisp and just a little sweet.

.The Original Ringer Burger / well done / Side of chili / Diet Coke - The entree was perfectly cooked and delicious!  Chili was flavorful.

The food is good, albeit pricey: thought it was a mistake when I ordered a Forbidden Rice bowl (with tofu) and it came to 14 and some change. I will say, a previous reviewer mentioned the "value" and I must agree. I suppose you must factor in the solid decor, and there is a large amount of staff that is always working.

Very clean and quiet, with great water views seldom encountered in AZ.The masseuse was pleasant.  The decor is nice as well.

My friend had the berry pancakes, I tried them with the special syrup they bring and they were very tasty, I might try them for myself next time we go.Yes, it is hard to find, but well worth the frustration of getting there, I shall return!!Recommended through you all on Yelp. Awesome Bloody's, fresh mimosa's, the scrambles are terrific and I dared to try the jalapeño pecan pancake and LOVED it!Green flannel hash. Subbed out green peppers with spinach, topped with two perfectly cooked eggs. Amazing olive bread toast with raspberry jelly. This gives Matt's Big Breakfast some competition, at least they are in two different cities. I can be breakfast happy in both places.Service is great, it was perfect for a mid week breakfast meeting.After hearing Orange Table had gotten their service issues corrected, I had to judge for myself.It's TRUE!!!!!!!!  Things were a little slow in the beginning, so I was worried.  But once our server did make it to us, things were pretty good.  Food did not take nearly as long as it used to, and wait for this.......................................................................................

-Nice and serene

*T.E.A.M Fitness training available

The true show stealer, however, was my flaitiron steak.  I can honestly say that never before have these lips of mine come together with flatiron (not a normally impressive cut) cooked and seasoned so beautifully, with shaved truffle atop the beauty of this dish.  I had asked for it was "medium rare, but err on the side of err" to which the server replied, "So, rare plus?"  I agreed, and this was PERFECT.  I licked the plate clean.So why four stars?

Charcuterie and Cheese with Housemade Mustard and Truffle Honey

4/5

but don't get the pizza (for the love of GOD don't get this pizzas, their terrible)everything else I've had here is awesome.  Their salads are prepared just right and the Tzatziki sauce is yummy!!!! especially with pita bread! The servers and waiters are kind and quick to respond to almost anything.  I think kids eat free on certain days here too.  They have outdoor sitting so you can enjoy the live music in the center of Westgate. This place is a strong choice for families, couples, and friends. I would give it 5 stars but they always mess up my to-go orders.I love Greek food and have been wanting to try this place out since it opened. I finally went yesterday before dinner time. Walking I wasn't sure what to expect. Soon as I walked in I noticed it was a order up front kinda deal then find your own seat.The sitting area was very clean and well organized. You know first impressions are important for a restaurant. I was kinda lost in the menus placed on the tv screens. A manager came over and handed me a menu to look over which was great, I didn't even think he noticed my friend and I walk in. Within a couple mins after the first manager handed over menus, another manager greeted us which was nice. You always want great interaction and excellent service as soon as you walk in the door. I order the chicken plate off the grill. It came with you choice of two sides. I ordered the Greek salad and mixed veggies. The chicken was cooked to perfection drizzled with sauce on top and the mixed veggies takes the win over the Greek salad. Next time I go, I will double my veggies, seriously amazing! The price for two chicken plates, two drinks was priced too high for my late lunch wallet. Overall besides our over priced meal it was great customer service from the managers not the girl who was cashiering. She did come around to everyone's table to ask how it was going  & skipped our table and asked the table who literally just walked in the restaurant if they needed anything. Keep in mind they only had 3 tables there and us?!Mean sandwich, as usual. Located in the new Forum Food Court at Caesars Palace. I grab Earl of Sandwich every time I go to Vegas so I was excited to see another one open. My family was shopping at the Forum Shops and needed a quick bite. We decided to eat at the food court we passed by on our way to the shops. Little did I know that the Forum Food Court opened that very day.I ordered an Avocado BLT on wheat. Loved how they used crumbled bacon instead of bacon strips. Every bite had the right amount of bacon, lettuce, and tomato. Avocado can make just about any sandwich better. The balance between the avocado and mayonnaise was just right which really put this sandwich over the top for me.Service with a smile and no lines during this visit. Hope it stays that way. Earl of Sandwich, conquering Caesars Palace.Stumbled upon this place while walking around Caesars palace. I'm obsessed with the earl of sandwich inside planet hollywood (literally go there every time I'm in vegas) so I was pleasantly surprised to find a new location! This branch is inside a mini food court next to smash burger, a ramen place, starbucks and a seafood restaurant so there's plenty of seating and different food options of someone in your party isn't craving a sandwich. You can't go wrong with the full montague or chipotle chicken sandwich, but every sandwich I've tried is good. The bread is crunchy and soft and the ingredients are of good quality. Eat a sandwich there, take one to go.. Yum!Yes!! A new location!I was walking through Caesars Palace and noticed this Earl of Sandwich in the Forum Food Court. I had to help myself to a Full Montagu and a side of Mac and Cheese. I think this was the first time I had my sandwich with wheat bread. Not bad for the somewhat slightly health conscious people on vacation! I was a little disappointed that my sandwich was a lot smaller than the ones served at the Earl at Planet Hollywood across the street (I had the same sandwich late that night from this location). I felt like this Caesars location was a little skimpy on the meat as well as the vegetables. The Mac and Cheese was pretty good. Make sure you hold off on eating it quickly because it's super hot from the oven. I noticed loaded baked potatoes on the menu at this location, which isn't available at the PH location. Potato lovers, eat your heart out!Fountain drinks cost almost $5! Make sure you have an empty bladder to get enough refills!If you have a Total Rewards players card you'll be able to get $1 off your sandwich. I unfortunately didn't have my card with me so I had to pay the extra dollar.The staff is really friendly and since they just opened up, there's probably still a few kinks they need to work out (like their sandwich size). I'll be back soon!Best Earl's location !! Reasonably priced sandwiches and they're soo good too (around $7-9) My favorite is the Full Montague and the Chipotle Chicken Sandwich is also good. Eat it with Tabasco if you wanna add a little more flavor. Sometimes the sandwich could taste a little dry.Went to Ceasar's Palace last weekend and had lunch at this new food court. At $8.50 or so a sandwich, these are definitely Vegas prices, but comparable to Jersey Mike's or similar sub places. I had the roast beef and my parents had the full Montague. All of us were pleased. Crusty warm bread, such a delight. Didn't break the bank. But the buffets will, later. Staff was exceptionally professional, courteous, despite some rude customers, and top notch.We were here during Memorial Day weekend. There was a four hour wait to get into Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars palace, so Earl of Sandwich was a good alternative. It was about a 20 minute wait to get our sandwiches around dinner time. For the hot sandwiches, you can choose between wheat or white bread. I got the tuna melt and my boyfriend got the full montagu; we both loved the sandwiches. Price is pretty fair for a gourmet sandwich. However, fountain drinks and bottled beverages are about $4 plus. I recommend just asking for a cup of water to quench your thirst if you're on a budget.Decent sandwiches, small in size but employees nice enough. Much better option than La Gloria in the food court which guarantees immediate stomach ache.Typical Earl of Sandwich, I got the Chicken Chipotle Avocado sandwich which was really good. I was pleasantly surprised at how quick the service was, I ordered like 10 sandwiches and I think I only waited a little over 5 minutes to get them!Pros: This was the first Earl of Sandwich I had thinking it was the original... but it wasn't as you can see by the little reviews made here. That being said, I think the sandwiches are still really really good. The full montague (I'm probably spelling it wrong) was very delicious! The cheese and meat just melt in your mouth. If you want a quick bite, this is the place to do it!Cons: The prices are a bit on the high side for sandwiches but if you get the full montague, it's worth it. The sizes are also on the smaller end as well but the taste makes up for it.Overall: If you want to get some Earl of Sandwich sandwiches and happen to be closer to this one, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at the Caesar's Palace original one. The food is just as good.Went here for a quick bite to eat before the Celine dion concert.  It's located in the food court at cesars. Ordered the turkey cranberry sandwich and the chipotle chicken. They both were pretty good warm sandwiches. I don't think it's worth ten dollars but it was very enjoyable.  It was saucy, meat was moist and the bread was soft and chewy.  I wouldn't order the turkey one again because it literally only had turkey, cranberry sauce and mayo. The sandwiches were really small too.  After a couple hours you might need to go eat somewhere else... Which we did after the concert.If you're looking for a quick sandwich for lunch that's better quality than subway, this is your place. The sandwiches are pretty small in quantity but the flavor makes up for it! I had the veggie sandwich and the roasted zucchini inside was delicious! And the bread was perfectly warm and crisp. The only downfalls are the size of the sandwich (I wish they had given the option for a bigger sandwich) and the limited amount of tables.So we was hungry and we needed food. We were at the Venetian and had to walk to Bellagio, so we stopped by the Forum Shops Food Court to grab a bite to eat.Earl of Sandwich, which I also found out there's a location with 4000+ reviews on the Strip, was my choice. It was more of my "Ughh I should have done this last time" choice because I had gone to the same food court just 4 months earlier. But now I had a second chance and I tried it out!YAY! Chipotle Chipotle Chicken Avocado, with grilled chicken, bacon, cheddar, avocado, lettuce & chipotle sauce. The chipotle sauce was dynamiccc. Twas good. The chicken was decent, and the bacon that was in there was good :3 And they had plenty of avocado in here too! It takes a reasonable amount of time for it to come out, so I'm not complaining too much about that. I personally liked the sandwich. The price here was a wee bit higher than a regular sandwich but it's Vegas on the strip :PThis will probably fill most of you up when you eat it, but if you're still hungry you have the entire Strip to find something else to eat (:The bad thing about here is that if you want water, you get one of those cone cups. Dang it. You also get it for putting those ice cream snow cone things. OMG WHAT ARE THEY CALLED LOL. :P The cups are not practical to use at all.If you're a noob like me & only want to try their sandwiches, DON'T get them at Caesar's. They're about $3 more than the ones at Downtown Summerlin... Which is expected since anything on The Strip always cost more.Each sandwich cost $9.49. I tried the Full Montage, Chipotle Chicken Avocado, Turkey Holiday, and Hawaiian BBQ.At first I was really disappointed since it pretty much cost $10 for a 6" sandwich (if that). However, when I tasted each sandwich... Omg, they were delicious!!!If you like toasted sandwiches, you'll love this place! My fav was the Chipotle Chicken Avocado. It had a little kick, but wasn't too spicy. The Turkey Holiday was Thanksgiving on a sandwich (like The Bobbie at Capriotti's).Everything was really good! I'll definitely come back for sandwiches... But I'll go to the other locations where it's only $6/sandwichSandwich was very good. They bake their own bread. They also offer wraps, salads, breakfast sandwiches, soups and salads. We ordered to go and was surprised at the nice package the sandwich was in. They also had plates, napkins  and condiments in the bag too!This Earl is the same as the original one at Planet Hollywood, just... with no lines!Came for Mariah Carey's show and surprisingly found out about this Earl, and ate there with no hesitant. I always get the original sandwich. I tried some other ones and none of them made me want to order twice.One negative point is that they only give you a tiny water cone for water, so if you want to drink a lot of water, buy a water bottle or go to the water dispenser multiple times to fill in your water cone.Quality of food is not bad for its price. Don't get the mac n cheese though, $5 and it tastes like Kraft's microwaved food.The newest Earl's on the strip! We came to this one twice over the weekend; once since we were already at Caesar's Palace for Bacchanal, and a second time since this location has the shortest walk from the parking structure. It's literally located right around the corner from the self-park elevators. This location is the cleanest, with the shortest line. There are more than enough tables and seats to grub, and the booth seats are super comfy and soft. The kitchen looks small though, and the amount of people they have on staff working at a given time seems a lot smaller than the other locations.Sandwiches still taste really good, but I think the best will always be from Planet Hollywood. Something about the sammies from there just taste better. But if I'm not staying at PH, Palms, or Caesar's, then I'll hit up this one just because it's the fastest. Every time. Unless it's 4am... then I'll be going to PH cos this one isn't open 24 hours. Boo.I've heard lots of hype about this place and we decided to visit the location closest to us at the Caesar Palace food court, there was only one person ahead of us in line at 9pm and the server at the counter was courteous. The sandwiches however were only decently good but it was a good fix for my late dinner. My biggest complaint is that the sandwiches at the Caesar Palace location are uniformly priced at $9.50 which is the priciest sandwich I've ever had!This place in the food court of Caesars is a good place to get lunch or in between meals. For Vegas the prices are good here. The sandwiches are very tasty. I would suggest The Original 1762, The Earls Club or the Italian. All 3 of these were great. A great place when you need a quick bite at a great value.The chicken bacon ranch wrap was excellent. The chicken was warm and had good flavor. The homemade chips were very tasty, but a few of them were a bit soggy. Service was quick.Good Food... Weird Location.Don't let the location on the map folks you, this little spot is good.  It's in the heart of an office complex that isn't the most prestigious.I got the grown up grilled cheese and loved it.  It was pretty greasy, but that didn't stop me from inhaling it until I felt sick.I would recommend giving this place a try.We checked out Amorino on a sunny Saturday afternoon. We'd enjoyed Amorino before in another city, so we were excited to see they'd opened one here in Vegas.Unfortunately, they were out of foccacine (which I wanted because it'd been awesome when I had it before), so we had a waffle with ice cream instead. We both thought the waffle was really good. It was crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside and tasted great. Plus the ice cream, chocolate sauce and whipped cream added to the deliciousness.If you're in the mood for something really tasty while walking around Town Square, you'll definitely enjoy something from Amorino.Think of all of the delicious, delicate desserts and confections the French make. They're pretty well known for their sweets, with an emphasis on presentation, so their end product is as visually pleasing as it is tasty. They also have a penchant for pricing their goods a bit higher, yeah?Enter Amorino- surprisingly nestled in a nondescript kiosk at Town Square, you'll find several jaw-droopingly good flavors of french gelato, served by fresh-from-Paris staff (complete with accent!), great coffee, and perhaps most excitingly, maracons al gelato- that's right. Macarons stuffed with gelato. They're downright decadent.Staff is happy for you to sample as many flavors as you want- I loved all of them in different ways, from the chocolate sorbetto to the pistachio and caramel. The vanilla rum macaron was my favorite bite of the night...But those French like profiting from your sweet tooth. The 2/$5 macaron price tag might shock your tastebuds right off. Adding on a small Americano and a small cup of gelato (carefully scooped and shaped into a flower!) will bring your total to $16- a bit steep for dessert, but the quality is really high.Great service (seriously, the best), and great gelato. I got gelato in the cone form, where they'll present it as a rose. It's instagram/snapchat-worthy, though I honestly wouldn't recommend it. Their gelato melts pretty fast (it's super soft) and it would be best to savor it in a cup than have to eat it quickly for fear of the petals falling off/melting. Also tried their gelato-filled macarons. Super soft and creamy, though the vanilla flavor was a bit too sweet for my liking.Fantastic flavors. Sticker shock. Amorino a-Gelato.OK, maybe I took a little creative license to achieve that alliteration. I'll try to be straightforward with the rest.**This tip is out of order because I don't want you to feel as awkward as I did: they want you to pick a size and pay first, even before sampling + ordering gelato.**If you check Town Square map, you'll find Amorino in the hexagon marked as "1." The walk is manageable from any parking area, but I think the best spot is the South Parking garage near Miller's Alehouse. If you take Las Vegas Blvd from the Strip, turn right toward the Fry's and Whole Foods. From the highway, get to the leftmost lane and take the overpass. After you walk down the alley from the garage to the center of Town Square, look to the left. You'll find this place near Brio's outdoor seats. It amounts to a glorified hut, but with plenty of patio umbrella tables outside.If you're really lucky, business might be temporarily so slow that an employee may stand outside their door with small ~1.5 oz sample cups. Well, at least it's more than a few bites. The mango sorbetto was fantastic and resembled the fruit so closely in color and flavor. The stracciatella gelato was somehow halfway melted in all the samples, but it was alright.Prices range from $5.50-$14 (copied off of Nelson, thanks), and there's other options such as crepes and gelato-filled macarons. They claim to allow as many samples as you want and as many different flavors in your order as you'd like, but I didn't really test their limits.In terms of samples, I had both vanilla offerings (the one from Tahiti has a more subtle flavor than the one from Madagascar), tiramisu (quite full of coffee), amarena (tasty but not compelling), passion fruit (excellent), and strawberry (true to the fruit, albeit sweetened).My order was a grande cup (~6 oz for an astonishing $9.19 after tax). Aside from getting more mango, I had a few other flavors. The hazelnut (nocciola) was rich in the namesake flavor and came with an actual crunchy hazelnut. The raspberry was as impressive (and "creamy" yet milk-less) as all of the fruit sorbetti were. The yogurt had almost as cheesecake-like flavor as one employee mentioned, but it might be the only one I wouldn't order in the future. They topped off my order with a mini waffle cone (their take on the wafer cookie), which was pretty much only useful for the crunch.Overall, Amorino is a premium experience that gelato lovers must try at least once. Quality texture, assertive flavors, and by far the most expensive gelato I've had in recent memory (Strip-like pricing, in my opinion). I can't give it a full 5 stars yet because (1) I've had marvelous gelati around town at more reasonable prices, and (2) it does not seem like a place that will churn out experimental flavors.I've been meaning to go here since the day they opened but it was also the time I couldn't because I wasn't supposed to have sweets. One day, I found myself standing in front of their tiny shed waiting for them to open. We got there before the employee came in which was a few minutes after 10am. I'm a stickler for time but she gave me samples of delicious gelato - she was redeemed. Eat all the gelato!!!I tried the amarena, nocciola (hazelnut/hasselnus...whatever language you speak), pistachio, Speculoos (more commonly known as Cookie Butter), mango, and the chocolate hazelnut they call Imitable...Insatiable...Imgivinguptryingtorecallthename. I also got some gelato macarons. The gelato filling was thin and I would have wanted a little bit more gelato in between macarons. But 2 of my favorite things combined is always fantastic! The chocolate hazelnut macaron gelato was a bit disappointing because it tasted more chocolatey and not enough hazelnut.They also have crepes and waffles. You can get your gelato in a cup or in a cone. I love the cone though because your gelato looks like a beautiful flower that you could eat. Imitabile...Inimitabile...High quality Gelato in Town Square!Exactly what they needed!Seriously. My favorite flavors are: Mango - the best and mango-est flavor ever. Better and sweeter than a regular mango. And bonus that you don't get Mango hairs stuck between your teeth Straciatella - My usual favorite flavor is vanilla.... but when you add thin layers of chocolate shell for the added texture and crunch, it's a treat! Check out the photos and you will see the cones come looking like a rose flower. It's cute for a date.  Also, if you really wanted to, they will make a cone with all of their flavors. It's takes a bit of time and it may be messy to eat, but it's fun to watch them do it! In addition, they have options when it's colder outside: Hot Chocolate! 12 different flavors. We've only tried the spicy hot chocolate, but we will be back to try the thick European version. Fun fact: They ship everything in from Europe. Ask them about it.Several traditional flavors with one of the best textured gelatos around!The highlight of Amorino is the Mango Gelato for me. It is made from Indian mangos and has my favorite texture of any gelato/custard/ice cream I've had...love it! My friends really enjoy the Amarena Cherry Gelato and I can certainly appreciate the quality of this product as well. I am a slightly more adventurous gelato eater and typically look for more experimenting in my gelato flavors, but Amorino does a great job with their standard flavors. It's the quality ingredients that set them apart...I just wish they broke away from their routine and were more creative with their flavors.The kiosk is easily accessible is you're walking around in town square, but unless you come in off-peak hours it's not exceptionally easy to come in just for gelato and park close by.Amorino has a variety of specialty coffees, teas, and hot chocolates (10 of them at that!) to accompany your frozen treats or warm your belly when gelato is not in season...is there ever such a time in Las Vegas?They're rockin now!  The crew here has mastered making rose petals to create a pretty flower when you order a cone! And it didn't melt or slip this time! Yay!  Not only that but do they make a chocolate hazelnut gelato that's to die for.  80% chocolate I believe.  It's called L'Inimitable.  Pairing it with Pistacchio wrapped up in a warm crepe drizzled with hazelnut is THE way to go! So whenever you're in Town Square head here for your dessert after your meal. Well worth it. Molto bene, Amorino!I was overly excited about their gelato macarons which were just okay for me, but then presently surprised at how much I liked the gelato by itself. So you can say under-delivered in macarons, over-delivered in gelato cones. Not to mention presentation which I do believe makes things taste a bit better :) I wasn't sure how I would feel about mixing flavors but needed to have a flowered cone! I think I did pretty good in my choices...speculoos, strawberry and hazelnut/chocolate petals with a yogurt/fruit center.  It was quite delicious and will be back to try more combinations of gelato flowers! Town Square is a usual hangout so excited to have a new dessert place there!Went yesterday 8-23-15 around 1:00 PM.  The business is located in a small kiosk across from the Apple store.  There is no indoor seating.  It was a bazillion degrees outside yesterday, thank god they have misters on their outdoor seating!  I walked in and bellowed "I'D LIKE TO TRY ONE OF YOUR FAMOUS GELATO FLOWER THINGIES PLEASE!" and all I heard was *cricket noises*.  The surly girl behind the counter was not amused.  I assume she was still mad that she ran out of makeup applicators that morning and had to dip her face directly into a bowl of foundation.  Her eyeliner wings were so big she could literally fly south for the winter.   So I had to back up and order it her way.  First you say cone or cup, then what size, then the flavors you want.  It is best to order this way so you don't get looked at like you just microwaved a puppy.  $6.75 got me a medium cone.  The gelato was absolutely fantastic.  I had lemon and raspberry.  Both of them were the perfect amount of tart and balanced in sweetness.  Minus one star for the outrageous price.The one in Town Square actually opens at 10:30, not 10:00 as stated here on Yelp.They were out of the Salted Caramel Butter topping/spread that I originally drove all the way out here for :( as well as other breads/pastries however, the waffles were the best I've ever had.Customer service was very nice, we got to sample 3 flavors and she was very helpful with bestsellers and other recommendations.Everything we ordered was heavenly!Yummy yummy gelato.. I think im  just loving that they make these little flowers when you get a cone here. thats what sets them aprt from the other ice cream gelato places. i will say the prices are pretty expensive but its really worth it.Hazelnut and Pistachio are my faves.Beautiful ice cream. You are basically paying for art but not for really for taste in some ways. It's pretty pricy ice cream. Nothing really too special. It's located in the premium out and so it's a tourist attraction place With tourist prices.People who come here love taking picture of their ice cream. It's beautiful and you can pick unlimited flavours.This pizza is pretty good. While this is located in an airport and thus has airport prices, I have been enjoying my pizza. I have never been to a Humble Pie restaurant so I can't compare it to that. However here is my review of the food. I purchased a 12 inch marguerita pizza and a 20 oz soda for 13 bucks, which is higher than normal but not a bad price for airport food. The pizza itself is decent. Not as great as CPK but decent and much better than the stuff you get from the large chains like Pizza Hut in my opinion. The crust is standard fare. It has flavor on it. The sauce on the other hand is a bit too herby and bitter for me. The cheese however is very good and tasted fresh. My only problem with the cheese is that it was not distributed evenly to the crust. It seemed as if someone just plopped cheese in the middle of the pie and hoped for the best. As far as service goes, the pizza arrived quickly despite there being a long line. The customer service was also good because the person who made my pizza cooked it too long and asked me if I wanted him to make a new one. All things considered I would consider visiting this restaurant on your next layover. While I probably wouldn't go to this place outside of the airport. I must say I am impressed with this place for what it is. Normally I would give it 3 stars for the food alone if that's your deal.Freshly baked pizza while you wait for your flight. It wasn't memorable. But very filling. As one person reviewed, the cheese was fresh. Upside, charging stations are built into some of the bartops.I hate the lay out of the restaurants in Sky Harbor as there only a couple per terminal causing them to be quite busy with people who have time to kill, but this isn't Humble Pies fault. While we did have to wait a little bit the hostess tried to find us a table as quick add she could. The pizza was surprisingly good and surpassed our expectations for airport dining.  I had the pesto chicken and my wife had the sausage and peppers.  Ingredients were good and plentiful and my wife really liked the red sauce. It is over priced, but that's to be expected from an airport restaurant. We enjoyed the food enough that I think we might have to go the regular location in Scottsdale and try it.Always like the airport crew at humble pie fast service friendly good menu just had breakfast for the first time at the airport $11 for sausage bacon omelet with fruit potato and toast not bad at all for airport pricing....My expectation: airport pizza that rivals Pizza Hut at best... My reality: an enjoyable setting with a friendly staff that served a pretty decent pizza! The crust was a crisp and delicious, made-in-house treat, the mozzarella was all fresh, the pepperoni not too spicy, the sauce not too sweet, all combing into a delicious pizza. Drinks refilled without request, check delivered and paid quickly... Couldn't ask for much more at an airport restaurant.Humble Pie is located in the Southwest terminals.Sky Harbor excellent pizza, light fluffy crust. Great fire wood pizza!!  Great customer service by Hilary!!French fries at Humble Pie? OH YES! Stopped for a quick snack and Bloody Mary before a flight- so pleasantly surprised by both. Quick, personal and friendly service. TDF shoestring fries. I love the Phx airport dining options!!Bartenders are awesome. Good beer and food. But the place has fruit flys everywhere. Otherwise would have given 5 stars!Rushed meal at the airport waiting for our plane and we totally lucked out with getting seats at this tasty place.Airport food is hit or miss. Mostly a miss- especially when you are close to the gates. Since this was a quick trip and there were arrival issues(ours) and TSA issues(theirs) on both legs of the flight to and from Oakland, our expectations were marginal at best.My husband ordered the Margarita Pizza and I ordered a BLTA sans mayo with a salad instead of fries. Within minutes both meals arrived and I was impressed with the amount of delicious non-kosher bacon on my no mayo bread and the ripeness of the tomato and perfect avocado. I was pleased. The husband wolfed down his hot pizza (we were in a hurry) and didn't speak much. It wasn't until later he admitted his pizza was one of the best he had ever had, like ever.I am pretty sure they have non-airport locations and next time we come to town, will seek them out. For now, just know- you never ever have to settle for Pizza Hut or Sbarro's again in Terminal 4.Stopped in between flights and had a surprisingly good pizza. It was clearly made on the spot, and had piping hot fresh ingredients, and a nice balance of flavored, and a really good red sauce. (I got the S.O.P. - a sausage, Carmelized onion, and fresh mozzarella).The downside is that they're applying the standard airport markup and it's a bit of a ripoff. Two beers (from a small, but quality selection of draughts) and a pizza were $42 with a standard tip. About 20% more than it's worth, but that's life in the terminal.I'd come here again if stuck in terminal c. Maybe try the burgers next time, which are more reasonably priced.Pretty good pizza, but it was expensive and small for the price. $11.99 for a personal 9" pizza was a bit steep, but it was still very good. I liked the flavor and the crust a lot. Next time I'm at PHX I would likely come here again.Good service and good food. I had the margarita pizza and my hubby had pepperoni. Fresh ingredients, delicious crust, airport prices. Was very happy with it over all and would go back for sure.I stopped here for a drink to kill time after my flight was delayed.Both servers I had were great. Attentive, pleasant and helpful.Their good service turned a three hour flight delay into an opportunity to relax with a beer and a cup of tea.I would definitely come back.I ate here for lunch and my sandwich was delicious! I got the club. It was huge! The staff was friendly and the chef heckled me pleasantly. My only complaint is that my wheat hoagie was a little too hard for me to chew bc I have some weak, TMJ afflicted, jaw muscles. I'll definitely be back but I'll choose a softer bread :) The potato salad is also tasty!Newly opened location.  Like every other location as far as the food is concerned.  Staff was  friendly unlike the others.  This location was really clean!I come here all the time because it's right down the stream from my house. The food is really good and the inside is clean. The reason I took off a star is because I come here and I order a bean burrito with NO onions, and almost every time there is onions on it. It will even say "- O" on the wrapper. So I go to take a bite and then I have a mouth full of onions. It makes me sick and I have to spit it out and throw it away. Sometimes the order is actually right and there is no onions and I'm happy. So PLEASE make sure when someone says don't put something. Please try to not put it. This isn't just this Taco Bell either. It's happened at other ones too. It makes me scared to order a burrito lolThe food is very good though when it's made correctly.As another reviewer has mentioned, The Jade Restaurant occupies the space that use to be Cathay House.  Cathay House use to be my go to for Dim Sum in LV; now it will be The Jade Restaurant.The dim sum was hot and fresh!  At one point, the cart server mentioned that the item I wanted was not hot and that she would bring me one from the kitchen.  Now that's good service!The dim sum variety was good serving the basics plus they offered plates of roast duck, BBQ roast pork, as well as some noodle dishes.  Our table server was very attentive while I noticed that the server assistant (busser) seemed a bit "lost."  It was obvious that he had not worked in a restaurant before.The management and hosts were doing their best and trying to offer the best service; it was clear that they were inexperienced, but they were doing their best.  The cashier was very slow; not quite sure why.  Our server took our check to be totaled and we waited a bit.  Finally, we went to the cashier to pay; there was a queue to pay and our check still was not tallied.Overall, I would recommend The Jade Restaurant based on this experience.  Best wishes to The Jade Restaurant.This used be Cathy House. . Now The Jade. . It is an improvement. . Dim sum is way better.  Prices are still to be determined.  They need to quickly get rid of the Nasty carpet and remodel the bathrooms. . They are busy and could use some help with getting the dim sum carts around more quickly. . Over good place.Oh my, 11.00am dim sum, packed, about 6 trolley ladies with all kinds of goodies, shrimp shumai, shrimp in peppers, shrimp others.  Duck for $6.99, moist, greasy and yummy. Sticky rice with pork and wrapped in a leaf.  $32 later a bargain indeed.  The service was good, as we were the only non Asian they did pay special attention to us.YEAH!!!!!!

Parking a little tightPro's-up to two dogs free (didn't bring my dogs to this hotel, but nice to know)

A word of caution, if you don't see a sauce listed on your pasta, you need to make sure you tell them to add sauce in the comments section of the item when ordering online.

This IS a Chinese restaurant and there were a ton of Chinese people and the food was incredibly delicious.

Squid Pasta

Fried Calamari - So good! We killed three orders.

You then get a few days trial period (free of charge) to bring the dog in to get him acquainted.Doggie District has a daily schedule of when the dog plays, eats and nap time.

monster burger,side a fries

4 solid stars

Very Clean Place

Fazit:

4 Stars:  ServersCame into the bar area, Sunday night not crowded at all seated right away. Waites was super sweet. Ordered a lychee martini with muddled cucumber, it was excellent.  I had the seated ahi tuna appetizer,  the cilantro and avocado on top made the dish!  For my entrée had the tenderloin with black pepper sauce (very tender!) && for 40 bucks it better be good :P overall a great experience.  For Vegas not too pricey.  You get what you pay for which is wonderful.  Experience and atmosphere great, only star missing is because drinks took longer than usual considering restaurant was not too packed && we check took a good amount of time after eating... until we waived her down.We arrived without a reservation, and despite 3 kids under 10 our party of 6 was seated quickly.  Service was impressive - the servers were friendly and helpful.  The recommended mojito was their version made with kiwi, but it was bland and didn't have the mint I expected.  The sushi was fresh and delicious.  My wife had padpadD Thai.  The dish was huge! Pot stickers were a hit with my 7 year old. My 9 year old has chicken fried rice and thought it was great, but the vegetable fried rice was described as "tasteless" by my mother in law.  The prices are high, and entrees range $20-$30. I think for this price everything should be outstanding, thus the 4 stars instead of 5. With the variety of sushi restaurants in Vegas, I'll probably try a different one next time.I dined here twice while staying at Luxor last week and both times my experience was really good, although the first time had better service.When you check into the Luxor, they give you a book of coupons, one of which is $20 off a meal at Rice & Company. Naturally, I took advantage of this. I love Asian food, and lately, I have been getting more and more into Japanese food (Ramen mostly, but some sushi/sashimi). Rice & Company bills itself as an Asian fusion restaurant, combining the best of Japanese and Chinese cuisine. Naturally, I hoped they would carry Ramen, but they do not. That said, they have some wonderful items on the menu.My first night, I had a server named David who was just incredible. I went on a Monday evening, and called ahead to make a reservation, though when I arrived, it was clear one was not necessary. Still, showing up and having the hostess address me by name was quite nice.David shook my hand, and then took the time to explain the drink menu, as well as the dinner menu. Normally I'm all about checking out the menu(s) myself, however, since this restaurant was new to me, it was nice to have him explain it. I've never really been much of a sake person, so I pushed myself to stretch my culinary boundaries and ordered a glass of Ty-Ku Coconut sake (cold).Ty-ku Coconut Sake is Nigori sake (330 ml) infused with coconut, and it was delicious. Potent, but delicious.For starters, I paid homage to my Japanese tastes with Miso Soup - tofu, wakame, and scallions. It was really tasty and I ate the entire bowl.For dinner, I had the Singapore Noodles substituting the shrimp (not a fan of shrimp) for chicken. My dish consisted of: rice noodles, shredded bbq pork, chicken, bean sprouts, bell peppers, onions, egg, and scallions, with curry. The dish was huge, and delicious. David brought me out a small side of sriracha for a bit of spice. I forgot how hot that stuff is!I was supposed to check out of the Luxor Wednesday morning, but as I was flying standby (my buddy is a pilot), and all the flights were booked going back to LAX, I decided to stay another night. So, technically, I checked out, and then checked back into the same room - meaning, I got another coupon book!On Wednesday night, I took another trip to Rice & Company, this time I didn't bother making a reservation, but just walked up to the hostess stand. Sadly, they did not remember me this time around.David was not working, and I was sat in Eric's section. Eric was very personable, knowledgeable and funny, however I found the service to be a bit slower this time around. That said, he also had 6 tables at one point, whereas David only had 3 on Monday. So that said, I am not holding the slight delays against him.For drinks, I ordered an Asahi Black beer (tall) - a Munich Dunkel lager style beer brewed in Tokyo-to Tokyo-shi, Japan by Asahi Breweries Ltd. The beer was very delicious and was not as "dark" tasting as I had anticipated.Again, as a starter, I ordered the Miso Soup. Really, their soup is very tasty, and is a nice, light starter.For dinner, I had the Mongolian Beef with white rice: beef with onions, scallions, peppers, and their chili sauce. I asked for sriracha sauce again, though I didn't use it as liberally as last time.If you like sushi, they have wonderful rolls, including a dish which landed them on the Food Network show "Heat Seekers". This roll includes ahi tuna, crab meat, shrimp tempura, micro cilantro, habanero peppers, and a sauce made with ghost peppers (3rd hottest pepper in the world).A table across the room ordered it, and offered me a sample - I passed - mainly because I did not wish to crash his dinner with his wife. Had it been more people, I gladly would have accepted. He did seem to like it though, and to the restaurant's credit, the ghost pepper sauce was served on the side, for dipping.Also, they have a sushi bar, where you can sit and watch the chefs create sushi rolls and sashimi right in front of you. They were very entertaining to watch from my table Monday night (Wednesday, I was in a side room). Even if I did not have a coupon, I would eat at Rice & Company. The combination of foods, combined with great food and wonderful service makes this restaurant a definite "must do" when in Vegas. Even without the Ramen!Good food a little pricey but good food and cool atmosphere. Nice spot to check out of your staying at the Luxor.Good selection of sushi and other dishes. Good for our party of 7. Used open table to book. I just thought it was a bit quiet inside. We went to party it up. Enjoy!Excellent if your gaping for sushi. Service is not the best. They take to long. But the sushi Mia amazing. They have a sushi with the candy, Pop Rocks called Chop Chop Bang Bang. Would go there again. Family Friendly.-1Excellent if your going for sushi. Service is not the best. They take to long. But the sushi is amazing. They have a sushi with the candy, Pop Rocks called Chop Chop Bang Bang. Would go there again. Family Friendly.Food could be better but it was pretty good. I can't complain, i will come pass here again.I recently stayed at the Luxor and had a very pleasant experience at this restaurant.  The Luxor offered a $20 coupon off on a couple of places so I picked this to try.  I ended up getting a prixe fixe meal priced at $37.99 as I didn't want to comb through the menu.  It was a good meal.  I had a dragon roll as an appetizer which was tastey and well made.  For the main course, I had shrimp and vegetables which was actually very good.  The dessert for me was the best.  It was fresh fruit (which had lychee and berries in it) with a side of cream, sweetened just enough, and a wonderful pistachio cookie.   I had hot sake which was fine and a well-made fresh ice tea.   The waitperson and the bartender were very nice, just-right attentive, and knew their menu.  The place had a relaxed ambience and was a nice contrast to the busy casino.  The noise level was low-moderate and I found myself sitting and just enjoying myself for this meal.  The food was nothing I would "just have to go back for" but I would go back if I were staying at the Luxor again.  Food=3, Place=4, and Service=5.I ate here on Saturday when I flew into Vegas.  I had the $20.00 credit that the Excalibur provides.  I was by myself, and just wanted to sit at the bar and eat.  This time of year, Vegas is pretty quiet, so I didn't have any problems grabbing a seat at the bar.I had a very nice experience.  I had the spring rolls for an appetizer, and the Singapore Noodles for an entrée.  I thought they were both very good.  I will agree with other reviews that my main problem here is the prices.  But the food quality was quite good.  I talked to both of the bartenders, and they were very friendly and prompt.  Both gave me advice on the menu, and warned me on how hot the hot mustard sauce is.  I was glad they did, because it is hotter than I am used to.  But very good.  The Singapore noodles were very good as well.  I was able to watch whatever collage game I wanted to.  I was never rushed, and enjoyed myself there.  I would recommend it.We came with a part of 4 and we all loved everything we ordered. The avocado roll was the best avocado roll I've ever had. It was so simple but delicious! I also enjoyed the veggie lo-mein with tofu, and they were happy to keep the onions out. Our server was very nice, as were the hostesses. It's a bit pricey, but there are coupons out there if you look. I only wish they were open for lunch on Sunday, I was looking forward to a second trip there before we left to come home. I recommend giving it a try!I'm surprised this has such a low review.  I had low expectations for this place, because most of these fancy and/or chain sushi places are subpar.  I was really impressed with this place, however.  I can't remember the name of the roll I ordered but it was surprisingly delicious and fresh.  I also tried two drinks, including a red velvet + xo patron cocktail off of the dessert menu -- both were delicious!  Mind you, this place is extremely expensive!  Probably average for Vegas, but $20 for one roll is not a price I'm used to paying. Luckily, I had a $20 off coupon from staying at the Excalibur, so that counts as something, right?The restaurant gets very busy and is a bit slow because of that. I had to wait even to get a seat at the sushi bar. But it was worth the wait!Came here during the week with a work friend. We were walking by and said "hey how about sushi?"  We ordered a noodle soup and shared it and then a bunch of the sushi specialty rolls. Soup was fresh and had a lot of items and was easy to share. The sushi was a huge surprise. The rolls were fresh, large and all came at the same time !  It drives me NUTS when i order sushi and rolls come out one at a time in dribs and drabs... Rice & Co was better than my special Valentimes sushi meal at Kumi over at Mandaly bay. Check out my review of that visit :)I'm usually unsure of what to expect when an establishment mixes these two cuisines together. Historically, they don't work. Not only because the cultures USED to clash but more so because the type of storage required is so different that...it would take two restaurants' sized storage to do. This can be costly for an owner. They pulled it off and even in an elaborate and exquisite setting. Considering this, the prices are extremely reasonable. I tried both the Japanese side and the Chinese. I did lean more towards the Japanese. Freshness in Japanese cuisine requires more attention and that could be why I was focusing more on that so when it was good, it stood out more. But, honestly both the sushi and stir fry was exceptionally good.  I would recommend the sushi first. Again, though, it's always good to have the option. Will surely go again when I'm in the area and craving for either.Stopped in for sushi while we were in the Luxor.  Overall I'd say it was a very nice restaurant.  The decor and lighting were perfect, and it just seemed inviting.I started off with a pot of green tea and some of the beef potstickers.  The postickers were delicious!  Next up was some sushi.  I ordered the tuna rolls as well as the "Wicked" rolls, which was like a spicy tuna roll with some other fish on top (I forget what it was).  The plain tuna rolls were kind of lame, I found the roll to be kind of rubbery.  It wasn't bad, just not that great.  The wicked rolls, on the other hand, were delicious.  Absolutely perfect.  I also had a bowl of the egg drop soup, which was excellent.The waitress was very pleasant and the service was great.  Price wasn't too high considering it was Vegas.  I think tip included I paid something like $65.  If I was in the mood for sushi on that side of the strip, I'd definitely stop back in.Stayed at the Luxor and wanted sushi. It was very convenient and the food was good. Took my brother for his bday and he liked it. There was some trouble with the bill so I had to come back down to deal with it. The drinks were unique and good.Good food and quality service. I enjoyed my Orange Peel Chicken and some Coconut Sake. I've been to this restaurant three times in the past four years and have had a good dining experience each time.Ordered a mongolian beef over steamed rice, and hong kong style chow mein... The mongolian was pretty good as recommended by the waitress... The noodle is ok, but not my favorite... One thing is the rice, its kinda dry... I wish they could fix that... The cocktail is pretty good also.... I had the sumo martini... The environment is nice, location is next to jabbawockeez show very convenient cuz we have the show right after the dinner... All the waiters & waitresses are very nice.... I would definitely come back for some other foods...We just were craving something light so asked waiter for his recommendations. He set us up with a great combo of Wok & Roll  and Crazy Mad Dragon. Totally hit the spot with friendly, prompt service.Food was good and sushi def was fresh. I felt like the noodle soup was a little bit pricey. Very convenient location for us since it was at Luxor where we stayed. We were also able to use our MLife rewards for a total of $100 off. Will def come back for the sushiGreat service, conveniently located just up stairs on the second level of the Luxor. Pretty good sushi or try the chinese chicken salad. Our waitress also said sometimes they give out free carrot top and show tickets to guests while dining...  if staying at the Luxor check the coupon book for $20 off your meal! Otherwise its a bit pricy for the qualityAmazing food, great drinks, service slow and understaffed but if you are not in a rush well worth the wait! Loved the calamari!!The War wonton soup is excellent and big enough for 4 people to each have a bowl. Service was great. Sushi was tasty and appetizers deliciousAre our last dinner in Vegas here. My wife had the chicken lo mein and avocado roll and I had the chicken fried rice since I wanted something lighter. Both were wonderful. The lo mein noodles were the best I've had. The fried rice was fresh tasting and very good. Portions were large. I finished half of my rice.  The service was good. I would go back and would recommend.Havin, or rather slowly waiting for app and dessert in bar area. Main dish also. Slow motion here and not busy.  Finally, after about 15 minutes. Cheesecake is smaller portion but very good. Crab and ? App rolls are good and nice size portion. So far..the wait has been worth. Real good service here. Wow, my sashuan ? shrimp just arrived. Oh yes. I don't even need a taste test here. Thank folks. Sure glad I waited.I decided to use my complimentary Luxor food voucher here. I was along so bar seating was perfect for me. There was not much people around during dinner time. Everything on the menu sounded delicious. I decided to go for the crab mango cucumber salad with a side of Hong Kong noodles. The cucumber salad was delicious and very unique. I think it would had tasted better with fresh crab rather than imitation crab. By the time I finished that bowl I was already full. When the hongkong noodles came out, I just picked at it and ate the delicious meat. It was enough food for 2-3 people.The waiter/waitress was very kind and friendly. It was nice to have their company as I ate alone.We had a $50 off $100 food credit to eat here. Started off with fried calamari. Came with sweet chili sauce and an aioli sauce and was delicious. I especially liked the grilled jalapeños garnish. We ordered four rolls of sushi; Sexy Lady, Blue Man Group Drum Roll, Chop Chop Bang Bang( had pop rocks candy on top, made for quite a crunch), and Hot Dang. ALL four of them were amazing! Granted we are not sushi snobs, but we thought these rolls were great! Ended with green tea ice cream that came with a great almandine type crisp.The service was top notch. Had everything we needed before even to have to ask. And the food timing was perfect.We both agreed that even without the food credit we would definite eat here again!At first I didn't want to come here. But I'm so happy that my mom really wanted to give it a try. The restaurant ambiance was really chill and friendly. Our food was hot and tasty and the waiter was very friendly and very observant. I wanted to try their spider roll but the waiter said the food already comes in a generous amount and I appreciate his honesty. I would come back again the next time I stay at the Luxor.Happened to be in the Luxor waiting for a show and we got hungry. Saw this place and decided to give it a try. The food was great and the service was awesome. Darren was as smooth as can be and the overall experience was great. Would recommend more a family and friends environment over a romantic dinner.A group of 8, the waiter was humorous, efficient, and seemed to be personally interested in our group's joy for the night. The shu mai was terrific! The calamari was typical inland calamari, but at least it was properly the body; some of these places serve the tentacles over the body. The various sushi rolls were tremendously loved, but for me, the "hotter/sour-er than normal please" sweet n' sour was terrific.

Service: The service for breakfast was good and quite quick, although on July 4th the restaurant was quite busy and it took a while to get our food.Atmosphere: I would recommend getting an indoor seat because during the summer it is way too hot to sit outside, and I was there in the morning!Dinner: My parents ordered a burrata appetizer which was so delicious, although the amount of cheese was disappointingly small. They also got the braised beef with potato gnocchi, which was so so so good! The portion size is definitely quite large, with two big hunks of meat. I got a kids pasta, which was pretty standard.Price: I would say that the food is a bit on the pricier side, but it's not too bad when you take the portion size into consideration!

I had the lasagna and my wife had the Veal Piccatta.

+ Good selection of restaurants

We escaped!This escape room is nestled in the arts district of Scottsdale Arizona. Our group was in town for spring training and had some downtime, so we decided to sign up for an escape room. Apparently, we chose the hardest room to participate in. We had a group of six, and another additional 4 strangers to help us out. Honestly, I think it would be better with less people. It became hectic because everyone began uncovering all kinds of clues; clues that sometimes were intentionally placed sequentially, thus slowing our progress down. I've gotta say, it was definitely difficult and there were times where we were just standing around not knowing what else to do next. Luckily, the game master would throw out little hints here and there through a projector. Even though it was difficult, I think everyone still had fun doing this room. The only complaint I had was the scavenger hunt for the last 2 keys. It was just kind of...... stupid.Just be warned... there is no parking lot. You need to find street or metered parking. Oh, and we managed to escape!!! Supposedly, the room we did only has a 20% success rate... but I feel like we got a lot of hints lol. I would definitely hit this place up though if you're ever in town and have nothing to do... and believe me, there isn't much to do in the AZ.Escaped the 80s. A group of eight of us went and this was a really fun time. I am definitely planning on going back to try one of their other rooms. It's something fun to do with your friendsI went to two rooms here with a group of friends.The first room we did was The Dig.  This was my favorite room and I highly recommend it.  The room was very well themed and they definitely put some thought into the room design and the puzzles.  The second room we did was Escape the 80's.  While we still had fun doing this room, it was a complete letdown after completing The Dig.  The room was just not very well thought out or themed well.  Maybe I hyped myself out too much, but I thought the room would be exploding with nostalgia from the 80's.  Some of the stuff in the room wasn't even from the 80's, such as a Suns jersey from the late 90's/early 2000's, a current Mountain Dew can, and a game of pong that uses an xbox controller.  The room did have 80's music playing which was fun.The other problem with the 80's room was the puzzles.  While The Dig had more varied puzzles, the 80's had way too many number locks.  The Dig had three: One at the start, one in the middle, and one at the end.  The 80's room had 5 or 6 locks that were all in plain sight when you first enter the room.  This meant that whenever someone came up with a number to try, we had to try them on all locks which was annoying.The other problem we had was with broken and poorly designed puzzles.  For The Dig we were specifically told before the start that we should not use force for anything.  Without spoiling anything, there is an object that we tried touching to another object.  Nothing happened so we kept going.  Near the end of our time, we had 3 of the 4 final clues to open the exit door.  A clue came up that said "KICK THE OBJECT".  Afterwards we were told that we did the right thing but the magnet lock was broken.  It would have been nice to know that ahead of time.Overall, we had a blast.  If you go I would highly recommend trying The Dig.  I would imagine the bank heist room is also good assuming it is similar to The Dig.  I would stay away from the 80's room and the Scottsdale apartment, since those are more generic rooms.Did the Apartment with my family. Had a lot of fun! Great group activity. And we made it out. Not too hard but challenging enough to still be fun.Piano Man features classics from Billy Joel, Elton John, and Barry Manilow. If this is your kind of music, then this is your kind of show! We saw this in the V-Theater. It's an intimate (read: small) theater in the Miracle Mile shops. I didn't like being forced into the lounge prior to the show, where you can either order cocktails or just sit at the bar and wait to be let in. Why not just open the doors when we can head in the theater? Oh! Because they're trying to rip you off on overpriced drinks. The pregnant lady wasn't impressed, LOL. The 4 singers - 2 men and 2 women - are extremely fun and engaging. Excellent vocals and good choreography make for a fun hour and a half. And the band is the real star of the show. They're very talented. The sax player was my favorite. My husband and I expected at least 1 real piano, but the band includes a keyboard. When we got going, we didn't feel like we were missing anything without a real piano. The show will definitely get your toes tapping and make you wanna sing along! Check it out!Enjoyable show. Well cast and well produced. Slick costume changes and range of songs bring back memories. Pleased we went to the show. Would recommend.Piano Man has the great advantage of showcasing nothing but fantastic songs that most will know word for word and will enjoy tapping and singing along to.  It also is lucky in that it's cast is fun and engaging.  The music is entirely made up of songs by Billy Joel, Elton John, and...occasionally Barry Manilow.  While I would have really enjoyed a rendition of "Scenes from an Italian Restaurant" really it would be hard to quibble with the song selections.  The singing is practically non-stop with the frequent costume changes never stopping the momentum of the show.  There are four performers, 2 men (Brett and Russell) and 2 women (Savannah and Sophia)  The men are both strong singers and fun to watch.  As for the ladies...Savannah Smith is a HUGE talent with an amazing voice.  If I'm being totally honest, she is probably more well suited to her other gig, as the star of BBR...but you can never go wrong in a show with her in it.  There is a noticable difference in the vocal quality from Savannah to Sophia...but they wisely use Sophia more often for some of the dancing parts...and she is very VERY beautiful...so I was pleased she was also in the cast.The show itself is on a very small stage without much in terms of special effects and lasts only 1 hour..so the asking price of $65 GA and $85 for VIP seats is a bit much.  Cheaper tickets can be had on groupon...but I wonder if the nearly empty theatre on the Friday I saw it was simply because they were charging too much.  At a more reasonable price in the $30-$40 range is would be a very worthwhile hour spent with the whole family enjoying a great trip down the musical memory lane.I having been taking my vehicle to AAA for years. Everyone is always friendly & the service is great. The old location on South Blvd was further from my work, but I was still happy to go see the staff. The new location is closer to work, and the work has not changed along with the good customer service.Terrific service this morning getting my oil change done here. I made an appointment online for the first of the day and when they opened, the service manager took me first. I left the car with them and walked up the street two blocks and had breakfast.They called not 30 minutes later and my car was done. There was a brief attempt to upsell me to get the fuel system cleaning for an additional $60 but I booted that until next time. They have a number of "e-coupons" for auto services so if you're a AAA member, check them out.When I returned to pick up the car, my eye spotted a San Francisco "pocket guide" on one of the shelves, so I picked that up and paid for it as well. The very nice gal who rang me up also gave me some recommendations for my trip.I do like being a AAA member!I do love the convenience of the AAA Car Care Center. It is so nice to know that they give extra discounts and its included as an additional benefit of being a member!I received great service this morning getting an oil change and having my car inspected. AAA was really great because I initially had an appt last week but had to cancel due to a work thing popping up. They were able to reschedule me quickly and at my earliest convenience.   The appt is taking longer than I expected this morning but at least they have a relatively comfortable space to wait and get some work done; plus, they have free wifi!I'd been anxiously awaiting their opening day, ever since I saw their signage go up in December 2014. Today was the day.Inside is spacious and open. There is a refrigerated case stocked with bottled drinks, but there is also a fountain machine for soft drinks.  I also liked that they offered different Bragg's condiments (Hello Nutritional Yeast Seasoning!) as well as Sriracha sauce and other options. In true cafe style, there are a handful of tables inside and a few tables outside as well.  My personal favorite here (as far as decor) are the canvassed pictures of Santorini along the wall. It makes me long for my bucket list trip to Greece. On to the food... This was my first time at Pita Cafe (there is another location further north on Scottsdale Rd), and the worker (owner?) was very nice, helpful, and patient. He answered all of my vegan-y questions. Luckily, this place is very veg*n-friendly. (There are plenty of meat options for you carnivores, but as a vegan, I will focus on their veg*n options.) For starters/ appetizers, there are several different flavors of hummus, Veggies Dolmas, Spanakopita (vegetarian, but not vegan due to the feta cheese), veggies and dip, Veggie platter, Baba Ghanoush, etc.  If you enjoy pitas, they have a Veggie Pita (omit the taziki sauce to make it vegan), Grilled Veggie Pita, Hummus &  Tabouli Pita, and of course Falafel Pita.  There are also quite a few (7!!) veg*n salads (if you're vegan just remember to omit any cheeses and the taziki sauce; it contains dairy).

- *Watermelon Salad : very fresh tasting, and the pistachios were a nice touch

I was going for mostly plain and simple, nothing outrageous or innovative. What I got was plain and simple, I felt like I was eating good quality fish. And I'd never had a spicy scallop roll before and liked it.Our edamame was really good. More firm than most other places I've tried, and I think the firmness was a very good thing.

-Philadelphia (2) $4.25

Soda - 7:  Not a Pepsi or Pepsi product fan.  Had the orange crush, would have preferred coke.  Maybe Yelp should list whether the establishment is Coke, Pepsi, or Other.Overall pretty decent.  They also have burgers and other items added.  The pictures of the burgers looked pretty good.  It's been my experience that when a restaurant adds things outside of their normal menu, it's a sign of distress.  I might be wrong on this as I am always rooting for the small guy.  If they add breakfast, then, Taps may not be too far behind.The addition of lunch specials may not be a bad idea and maybe just regular plane jane dogs with kraut, spicy mustard, onions etc.  Who knows.Awesome food here! Definitely a great hotdog! Unfortunately I moved from the area but my ex girlfriend still goes there I'm sure!!If you like hot dogs in the least bit, come here. There are 18 different dogs to choose from and if you don't find something that whets your whistle, make your own custom dog! With 6 different kinds of mayo, 21 toppings, 4 varieties of dawg, you can make magic happen. Be warned, the dogs are big. So even if you get one without toppings, it's still a meal. Don't miss out on the fries either. Toppings galore on those babies. I rocked an East Coast Dog (pastrami, kraut, tomato, buldogis mayo) on my last visit. The combo of pastrami and hot dog is phenomenal. The mayo sounds gross, but isn't your standard mayo, so don't be scared. It added flavor to bring the meats together. Great dog all around!I don't necessarily go out for hot dogs often. But when I do, I make it Buldogis.Korean style dogs ... very fancy... get the Angy kimchi friesFirst time at Buldogis and I'm happy. I bit into the Angry Dog and got a mouth full of casing crunch and medium hot! The combo of asian slaw, jalapenos and sauce was a perfect for the pork bulgogi. With a side of regular fries that had a crispy exterior and a texure of baked potato on the inside. Next time I'm going to order the regular fries with a side of what ever sauce or mayo flavor I feel like. The specialty fries order is just to big for a solo diner unless that is all you order!The best hot dogs, I had the Hawaiian Dog and my husband had the Philly Steak Dog. Both were delicious, way better than Pinks here in Las Vegas (can't say Pinks in Los Angeles since I'm from LA & it can't

Quality doesn't come particularly cheap, but it's not overpriced at all either - it certainly compares favourably to Peckhams, which has a similar range and style. The staff are always friendly, and many treat every customer as if they are a regular.

This is the only barber shop I go to now.  I've tried going to great clips, supercuts and other barbers around the area and I just can't find any place that can cut my hair better.  To top it off, the price of a simple haircut is only $10 dollars.  He also has a promotion that allows you to get your 10th haircut for free.  The only drawback that I can think of is his shop is kinda hard to find.  Just look for the Barber sign.Gotten my haircut twice here and he consistently does a great job....and for $10, can't go wrong.Just don't ask him about politics.I took my four year old niece to Build-A-Bear over the weekend.  It was as cute as I remembered... I went to Build-A-Bear in Los Angeles for a company event so it was much cuter to go with a child.As we were walking up to the store, a little girl was coming out and was so excited to introduce us to her new friend.  Very cute!  The people who work there were great with my niece and really made it special for her.  She had a great time picking out the animal, filling it with stuffing and love, and picking out clothes.  The prices were surprisingly reasonable.  I took one star off because it seems like the quality of the stuffed animals has gone down over the last several years.  Regardless, it's a great adventure for kids!Great place to find new and used video games for all systems.  Trade in value isn't as good as Best Buy but sometimes you get extra on certain games during promotions so check their website.The staff has always been fairly friendly. I admit that includes an allowance for the standard gamer-geek awkwardness and lack of social poise. I'm a gamer, and have been for years, but I somehow managed to escape the standard of not showering and not speaking. The new games are new, so not much to say there. The used games are often pretty good, and when they aren't, they're easy to return and receive a replacement or refund for. For example: I bought a Harry Potter game, and the first two used copies wouldn't work in my PS3, so they gave me a new copy. They even went so far as to hunt down another copy, play with it and then transfer it to my nearest store. The customer service is difficult to beat. And they have great prices on games.A great store to get all different varieties of games. Whenever I go in, I never leave disappointed. They have a large stock on virtually every game and the staff is very helpful and friendly. I would definitely recommend it to a family member or friend if they wanted a cheap game that you can't buy at other stores.I just moved to Arizona from Alaska and we did not have any Jack In the Box there...Can we say delicious!! I am a huge fan of the breakfast menu! When I went here I ordered the bacon burger on the sourdough bread and fries. I was not entirely impressed with that particular sandwich just because I'm not a big sourdough bread fan but wanted to try something different. The fries were absolutely delicious though!! The service at the drive thru was excellent and freindly not your average here is your food blah blah blah. McDonalds who?

It is Zuverman approved.Excellent salad bar, Cory our server was very attentive. The Parmesan crusted chicken was out of this world. Well well worth the money.  Order a bottle of reasonably priced Simi and your loving life.Good brazilian steakhouse, average pricing tho. I recommend it to a friend. I'll definitely get back there!We had a terrific meal! There was a constant flow of meat! Top sirloin was our favorite! The ladies would have liked just getting the salad bar - there were plenty of filling treats there! Salmon and shrimp, cheese, rice and soup - plus lots of veggies! My only criticism is that the food was a little salty.I first was introduced to this restaurant when living in Fort Worth Texas for a year. I loved this place! It's a Brazilian churrascaria  which really means it's a Brazilian cowboy barbecue. Sounds simple enough but it's better!!!This is an all you can eat monster meat bonanza like nothing you have experienced before unless you've eaten here.

I appreciated free parking (especially considering the cost of the tickets), but the lots are underdeveloped and a bit of a walk. If you go, either drink plenty before arriving or be prepared to pay for any and every drink including water.  And if you want to bring the drinks into the interior theater, then be prepared to pay extra for their covered glasses (which I appreciate the theory of though not the cost of).  There aren't even any water fountains.I am indeed a fan of the Smith Center! It is a welcome addition to the Las Vegas cultural scene(cough - what scene- cough).  It's really beautifully designed and is pretty easy to navigate from parking to seating.  Parking is free in the lot, or they have valet for a fee ($8? maybe?).  The valet doesn't really help you avoid traffic and the lot is very close, so it's not really worth it unless you have difficulty walking.I've seen a couple of shows here, and I will say that it seems like the sound can be hit or miss, perhaps depending on where you sit.  I have been in the balcony both times, and even pretty high up, the view of the stage is good.  The quality of the performances was very high, and I look forward to attend more shows in the coming season.They have a bar for pre-show drinks and snacks, and offer a limited variety of wine, beer, and liquors at high, but not insanely outrageous, prices.  Oh, and for all you boozers out there, they now offer collectible "sippy cups" so for $3 extra you can take your drink into the theatre with you.I've seen 4 shows at the Smith Center including the opening night gala and Wicked... and I can't get enough!  The architecture is absolutely gorgeous, the customer service is top-notch and the acoustics are amazing. There's really not a bad seat in the house in terms of sound quality.For those who say Vegas lacks culture - just see one show here and I guarantee you will think otherwise.Only been here twice for shows: front orchestra for the incredible Idina Menzel and balcony for Las Vegas Symphonic POPS I, so if you are looking for reviews of dress circle or boxes or any other area of the venue, go elsewhere..Honestly, I waited to attend a show outside of the orchestra to see if there is any legitimacy to the complaints of sound issues. As far as I can tell, at least for the symphonic performance, there is no issue. Maybe people complaining suffer from catastrophic hearing loss or something. Venue: *****

-We also shared the Parmesan Truffle Fries. These were very fresh, but in my opinion nothing too great. I don't really like thickly sliced potatoes because they always end up having less flavor than skinny fries (like the ones at Yard House). Overall, 4 stars b/c the burger flavor was delicious. Minus 1 star because the fries were okay & the price is kinda steep for the quantity you get.This was my first time coming to planet Hollywood and I happened to pass by Gordon Ramsey burger restaurant BURGR. I  am a major fan of Gordon Ramsey because of the passion he has for food and have admired his genius approach to food from his major tv shows like Hell's Kitchen and home cooking show on YouTube. I was excited to try his creations for the first time and I was not disappointed. The menu at BURGR was short but appetizing. The prices was fair ranging from $14-$20 dishes with a varieties to choose from. I tried the Hell's Kitchen Burger cooked medium with everything the burger described on paper. The meat on the burger had a savoriness that was beautifully sandwiched between soft poppyseed bun. This burger was uniquely spiced with a heat that only tickled my tongue because of my tolerance for spicy foods. The burger was perfectly seasoned and shared a wonderful sweetness with roasted red tomatoes that tasted like it was roasted in house. The spiciness of the burger was smartly balanced by the addition of avocado which created a cooling and creamy effect that make u want to go back for more. Don't get me wrong, this burger is spicy and packed a punch that got my girlfriend going back and back for sips of water. However the burger was interesting, unique, addictive, satisfying, fun, and delicious. A must try burger that promise to leave the palate wonder why it has wasted all it time tasting fast foods.This is a biased review for I am a Gordon Ramsay fanatic.  I'm going to keep this review short and simple.  The food was ah-mazing, the decor was beautiful, the menu was unique, the service was exceptional.  The quality of the ingredients was everything I expected.  I also enjoyed the mini Ipad drink and dessert menu.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the choice of outfits for the servers.  It was tacky and it cheapened the look of the entire venue.  I'm not sure what Gordon was going for but as a female, I was a tad offended that the female waitresses wore outfits that reminded me of Hooters and that the guys were completely covered up.  And don't get me started on the clothing material...Things we liked:I can't say enough about how great this burger was.  I ordered the Euro Burger with Truffle Aioli and goat cheese.  It came cooked perfectly at Medium. It was so good and I don't normally like burgers with beef! We also tried out the Parmesan Truffle oil fries with the Truffle Aioli.  We were not dissapointed. At first the fries just reminded us of Red Robin fries, however when paired with the Truffle Aioli it becomes fantastic. Things we didn't like:My wife orded a salad and it was OK. Not as good as a salad we got the next day at PF Changs. There was really loud music and I could not talk to my wife across the table. Other than that my burger and fries were amazing!Two delicious burgers, truffle parmesan fries, friendly service, nice atmosphere, two very happy diners. It was a great start to our vacation. (Get the Euro burger!)One of the better burgers I have had, the meat was cooked just as asked, the fries were crispy and not too salty, but the check was big. Our total was 90 bucks for 4 burgers and 1 fries. The farm burger was pretty good, I felt it was better than the hells kitchen burger. The food was 5 star, but the value for money was less on my eyes.The host at the front desk couldn't hold our table for a couple more minutes which was not what I expected... When we got a table, it had enough place and the rest of our party just sat in. Food came out fairly quick for how busy they seemedNot surprisingly enough, there was actually a line when the place opened, but it wasn't too long to get seated, fortunately.  I was half-expecting someone in the back of the kitchen to get yelled at, per the show.  Though, that wasn't the case.With regards to the food, I ordered a oreo+butterscotch+creme brulee milkshake along with a Farm Burger and some truffle fries.  For a Gordon Ramsay establishment, it was actually reasonably good.  A lot better than I expected, as this was a chain of the other Ramsay restaurants.  I feel compelled to try his other joints now.I got the Farm Burger. It was aiight. The pork belly appetizer was outstanding. Overall happy with the experience and the price was right. Gordon could easily have charged double given the star cred but he doesn't and I can respect the heck out of that.LOVED the chanterelle burger.  Everything else on the menu looked awesome but really couldn't decide.  The cocktails were amazing.  Keep it up BURGR!  Slow service though.  I'd definitely come back next time."2 scollops! 3 beef welligtons! How long?!!"

It's an unpretentious pub, where the decor is drab but those who come here aren't interested in ambiance - enjoy what they do best, cheers to beer.Working wifi would be a plus.Thank you to the people who organized my work hotel, which happened to be one block from Brutopia.  I liked the vibe and the beer here, so I made a few visits when we were out of work early enough to make last call.The first time we enjoyed some open mike night, and the second time there was a singer/songwriter performing.  No cover either time.Good crowd of people that were reasonably friendly.  And super friendly bar staff.Very chilled place for a pint (they have great cider on tap). Casual place to meet up with friends.Quand j'ai entendu mon amie parler d'un bar sur Crescent et que je n'étais super habillée pour le genre de bar auquel je pensais aller, je me suis finalement ravisée en entrant. Un style intérieur à la Irish pub, des petites tables à 4, différents styles de monde, une bière framboises succulente!J'ai également mangé un plat d'édamamé (super bons!) ainsi qu'un plat de quesedillas aux champignons succulant! L'atmosphère est convivial et sans prétention. Un endroit où l'on se sent à l'aise facilement!I came here with a group of friends in search of a bar with good beer to relax in and watch the World Cup.  We tried a bunch of their beers - my favorite (which was my favorite microbrew I tried during our 3 days in Montreal) was their honey brown ale.  It had this great honey flavor without being to sweet. Other than an order of French fries we didn't try the food, but I would definitely go back for a few more beers.Bonne bière artisanale faite maisonPetite terrasse sympa, on discute facilement avec les autres clients

3) Gan Pung Ji Chicken - It was the best fried chicken I had in a while!  I really liked the spicy chili sauce the most!

- Pulled Squash: So unique and soooo incredibly good. The bun is buttered to high heaven and combined with the hot squash covered in an amazing BBQ, every bite is just marvelous. Sweet, savory, buttery, smooth, firm, yummmo. I prefer this to the fried artichoke po'boy.

My only complaint? Stay open a little later! Phoenix needs late-night coffee hangout spots!I like this place.  Great coffee, great vibe, and the staff is always friendly!First time here though I've been wanting to stop by since it first opened two years ago. A friend suggested that we meet here this morning and I was pleasantly surprised. I recently realized there is parking in back and there was plenty of room. I loved the inside!  We sat in front of the open window on super comfy chairs while enjoying a nice light breeze. This is the living room I would want if i could design my own place with a great tasting, strong Americano. I'll def be back. The atmosphere was super chill and modern.Giant Coffee is what you would get if Apple decided to open a coffee house. It's pretty cool and fresh- sleek.  Fantastic coffee and super modern twists to the shop and presentation.  We stopped in to buy some pastries for a work thing and ended up sitting and having some coffee and hitting up Bunky Bourtique right next to it.  (this was all after having lunch at Thai Hut in the freestanding building right next to it.)  Everyone there was a loner, sitting with their apple computers checked in and super quiet, and then we- me and the gang walked in and it seemed like it was the most conversation the place had going on in a long time.  But no biggie. The coffee was strong, the pastries were sweet and we all went home happy.Had an opportunity to swing in again on my last trip to Phoenix a week ago.   If anything, the mocha tasted better, and I had the breakfast burrito again.   Excellent.  Really need to work on getting the burrito out a little quicker though... maybe not make/wrap them in advance.Their honey vanilla latte is awesome. They are a little slow (especially if you are swinging by on your way to work) but definitely worth the wait if you have the time. Tons of students and creatives chillin with their laptops and coffee... Great vibe!Now this is my new favorite. I did not realize how much I like the real coffee cup. I used lots of paper cup before until they asked me that I would stay here for a bit longer. Since then I always asked for "stay here".Great location and friendly staff. Would love to see more vegan and healthy options.There is a new special place in my heart for Giant.It's a little industrial-meets-Seattle inside, and has good seating options whether you're looking for a private space to study or a couple chairs to chill with friends. Go when the weather is nice, and soak up the open air feel when they open the whole front of the place. There are floor-to-ceiling doors that were completely open when I went, and it was glorious.I got the honey vanilla latte with skim, and it was delicious, and it came with a little heart in the foam. Presh, right? The latte was good. I didn't get any food, but the quiche and pastries looked great...not quite $3.50 great, but I wouldn't know.Just know, before you venture here, this is a hipster coffee joint. You don't get to go in and call the shots (heh, pun), and you have to be okay with slower service and paying a bit more. You don't get to go here if you're in a bad mood because it will ruin it for you. If you're posting up all day to work or study, it's worth it.I took my friend here while she was visiting (from Seattle) and we agree that it's great. This time I got an iced honey-vanilla latte, and it was delicious, again. She got an Americano, and the espresso was perfectly roasted and pulled. Our other friend got a soy latte and added Agave. I also got the salted carmel brownie and just about died because it was so good! These two things cost a little over $8, so don't expect a bargain!I drove past this place a few weeks ago and knew that I had to come and try it. I'm glad I did! First off, the coffee was good. The goodies for sale looked pretty good too, but I abstained. The thing I like about this place though was particularly the coffee. Coffee is coffee pretty much everywhere you go. I liked this place because of the set up! It's got a fun, hip, trendy vibe. I like that the place is pretty open. The wall, I believe, retracts and it creates an interesting layout. The barista was nice, a little slow. My wife got a latte and it took awhile for it to be made. But hey, I'm glad we came here. The long dining hall-like tables are neato. It's a sweet little spot where you can just hang out for a little bit. The thing I didn't like about this place was parking. All the metered street parking was taken. I had to park in the CVS parking lot just across street (really just a few feet away), but I was worried my car would get towed.Was getting car detailed down the street and needed somewhere to hang out for 4 hours and get work done.  Wasn't sure what to expect but they had free wifi which is all I really need.What I found was an excellent modern and open coffee shop.  The coffee was very good, the breakfast burrito was stellar.  Seating was varied and comfortable, although the tables for the seats along the wall seemed a bit high for computer use.Wifi worked well mostly, although there was one period of downtime (or maybe just too many users).Would highly recommend as a place to work, meet or just relax.There are quite a few of great coffee shops in downtown Phoenix and I spend quite a bit of time trying them all out. Giant still stands as one of my favorites and one of the best Phoenix has to offer. I love their cookies! I recommend trying to stop in for happy hour if you get the chance! The staff and barista's are always friendly and they are also pretty knowledgeable about coffee as well.This is one of my go-to coffee shops when I'm looking to relax. The service is really excellent and everything I've ordered be it coffee, tea or pastry, has been really good. I especially love their tea service. Last time I was there, they recommended the white tea and they were right on the money. I've never had a parking issue but I purposely come at off-peak times. It is set a bit off the road but I think the 'hidden gem'-ness gives it even more charm.All that being said, I've had to stop having business meetings here due to the noise. It's a really cute place but noise carries horribly there and you can barely hear someone speaking to you from across the table.This place is amazing. Get all your lattes hot - they actually make the designs on top! Honey vanilla latte is amazing. So good. Cool, hipster vibe. They also have deals (I forget exactly what the deal is, I apologize) on all their bakery items during the mid-afternoon; I ended up getting a delicious muffin for very cheap, I think just a couple bucks if I remember correctly!I enjoyed coming here... very close to the library and I was still able to find a parking spot on the street.  I enjoyed a nice hot latte (yes, I know, in the middle of summer!) and one of their delicious homemade bread mini-loafs... ahhh.. now that I recall, it was sooo good.The clientele is hip, young, but not too young... lotsa laptops and some business suits... their comfy seats that they had facing the open area were nice and make you want to just sit there all day and do some light people watching.I would come here again.. more so to relax and enjoy coffee/pastry than to work.. yeah, just to relax.This is a nice place to hang out downtown if you need to kill some time. I like to come here before work and have a cup of coffee. The coffee is hit or miss depending on the day. I believe its a brew of the day thing. The food is pricey and nothing gourmet, lets just say. I do like their vegan wraps. They are pretty simplistic, but pricey. I liked their breakfast burrito. The staff is nice and young. But let's just be clear, this place is not Starbucks so don't expect anything WOW.I used to come here pretty often, since my high school was just down the road, and despite the high prices and slow service, I still enjoy it.Now, I'm no coffee aficionado, so I won't claim to know anything about the quality of the drinks they serve, but they taste good to me. That being said, buying coffee from a hipster coffee shop in Central Phoenix is always relatively expensive, so set your expectations accordingly.It's also noteworthy that the service is remarkably slow, but I'm pretty sure it's intentional. I can't count the number of times I've waited impossibly long for them to toast my bagel and put some cream cheese in a little plastic cup, even when no one else is there. But at least they're consistent. Now that I expect a little wait, I don't mind sitting down, relaxing, and letting them take their time with my food. It's even kind of cathartic. The pastries and bagels and burritos are all good (not life-changing, but it's a coffee shop, so of course they have good pastries).The four stars are coming almost exclusively from the atmosphere. It's relaxed, comfortable, hipster-y, and sometimes I feel like I can maybe even get some work done... maybe. And if they need to take 10 minutes to toast my bagel, then that's fine too.Early afternoon coffee break, amazing calm smooth atmosphere with a honey vanilla and a mocha latte to match. Love this place. Right near central library, great place to relax! FYI don't go after 2:45pm when high school gets out. it gets crazy :0)They have toned down the music a bit, which is great so now I might start coming here more often. I am here pretty early though and the wifi seems to have gotten a bit slower, and it is less busy so that doesn't really make sense. The staff is still awesome and I tried the quiche goat cheese and veggie which was delicious.Love the causal sleek feel of the place.  The goodies in the glass case looks delicious but I was so full.  Just need an ice tea!  The employees are super nice and friendly.Classy joint. Great coffee however NOT conducive for laptop/work.  Very few outlets and the work tables they do have (WITH outlets) are uncomfortable/poorly designed.  Still, a hip, classy place on a beautiful/quiet street downtown.I've stopped in a few times over the past year and have always had good service.  The coffee is good, the selection of breakfast food covers both veggie and meat options and there has always been enough seating.This past Saturday morning while picking up a coffee and snack I remembered that I was out of coffee at home.  Instead of making another stop on my way home I just purchased a bag of their locally roasted coffee.  Not sure how old the coffee is, but I think that they need to make sure old coffee is replaced.  The beans were so dry that I might as well have bought Folgers.  I'll be back for drinks and snacks, but won't buy anymore beans.The milk they use in their coffee is excellent! The coffee itself is better than most places and they have a pastry happy hour which keeps thongs cheap. Their breakfast burritos are ok but the prosciutto and egg dish is delicious. The really great part about this place is the ambiance. The wall opens up in the Spring and Fall seasons and there is a nice desert garden which helps you enjoy the weather.Stopped in to try their honey vanilla latte which was AWESOME. Also enjoyed a blackberry lemon bundt cake which was fresh and perfectly iced. Parking was a little awkward but I am an awkward person so that's no surprise. I was excited to use my laptop and wifi with ease in one of their private back-to-the-wall laptop desks-not all coffee shops cater to my hibernation while I work on my computer. My only complaint was the interaction with some of the baristas. Without forgetting my schizophrenia meds or being overly paranoid, I felt like they were being weird and whispering about me, avoiding eye contact, forcing polite responses, and watching as I left, which made me feel uncomfortable. I left feeling like I had gone in with bird poop on my head that everyone was looking at but no one told me about (yes, I did check afterwards). BUUUTT....I suppose I should expect hipster girls to give everyone the "one-over" when visiting such a kewl coffee shop.Great coffee shop...relaxed, cool vibe with friendly service too!  I love when it is cool enough outside to keep the windows open.  I could get used to hanging out here!I like this place because it's the only place I know of where you have a lot of options, both for the beans you want brewed, and the style of brew (pour over, red eye, etc.) using great coffee beans. They don't roast their own, which would probably increase my love. It's also a pretty cool atmosphere, if a bit stiff and pretentious. But isn't that kind of what you want/expect in a coffee house?I walked in and first noticed the spacing and style of the place. I liked it. I ordered the honey vanilla latte-less sweet and iced. It was great! The hint of honey was just right and not too sweet. Unfortunately I didn't have the friendliest barista when my order was taken...but she perked up when she have me my order. Hopefully next time I go, the person who takes my order will be a little nicer and more inviting. And gonna try a pastry!Easily the best coffee in the Valley, brewing Four Barrel beans, which they'll also sell (although they're not cheap, they're worth it!).  The fragrance alone will convince you that you made the right choice.  They always feature a daily drip and tea and can make the gamut of coffee specialty drinks.  The place might not be quite as hip as some of the other CenPho coffee bars, but it's much more conducive to work.  The industrial, slightly sterile setting includes both high top tables and low top tables but only a couple of comfy armchairs.  Rotating wall art spices the spot up a bit.  Although I haven't sampled all of the food and pastry options, what I have had is no insult to its parent restaurant, Matt's Big Breakfast.  Overall, a great spot for a meeting, a few solo hours working, or to grab a quick breakfast or cup of [amazing] joe with a friend.Awesome coffee and pastries. I never have to wait too long and the service is usually great. A fun space to catch up with a friend or get some work done. Crawling with hipsters, but not in a bad way.Got 20 minutes? GET THE BURRITO. worth the wait.I tried this place for the first time today. I got myself a bagel (which was perfectly toasted and warm when handed to me) and a 16oz Hot Vanilla Latte. The service was great. They were very friendly and patient with me even after I realised I may not have enough to get the bagel. The cashier recommend may I try their tarts (so that I could afford to eat at least). I really appreciated her suggestion but managed to find loose change to cover my total, about $8.66. The parking is limited but I did find available parking accros the street at CVS, which was not for CVS customers only (thank goodness). After trying my latte, I am please but there was not enough syrup for my liking. After reading more reviews and Yelp, I found that many people love their Honey Vanilla Latte. This just may give me that sweetness I like. So, I plan on stopping by again to give that Latte a try. As for now, I am a fan but I am not entirely in love with this place quite yet...To be continued...Giant gets an extra star since my last review one year ago.Many of my criticisms in my initial review remain, however, I had a really narrow, strict idea of what a good local coffee shop is at that time. Even though they aren't a roastery and their manual coffee brewing apparatuses are fewer than Press or Cartel, they are a great café serving great coffee with pretty good service and a good atmosphere.I love that I can get Four Barrel whole beans when I'm not in the mood for Cartel or Press and that they offer a french press option (usually neglected by most third wavers and viewed as second class I think). Moreover, Giant feels like a real local café made for the Phoenix coffee community.I used to work downtown so I could stop by Giant frequently but since I quit I'm now very out of the way. I look forward to my next trip to Giant!Great place!  The location is pretty good; near a light rail stop, cvs, and the phoenix contemporary art museum. The coffe is pretty good and the enviroment is relaxing an contemporary on the inside. Just don't go here in the afternoon when the sun is setting. The glare is ridiculously bright. Also parking is a pain if this is your first time. I always park in the CVS across the street.I met a friend here to work for the day and had a nice time. Because the fronts door/wall opens, it's very bright and fresco. There an Ikea-like clean line to their decor with a touch of retro thrown in. They offer a good amount of tables with benches for seating. The benches for the tall tables is a little low. It felt like we were typing with our elbows up around our ears. There isn't any comfy couch/arm chair seating. I had to login to a meeting over the Internet while I was there. The connection wasn't solid and I had to end my meeting early. :( The Internet was fine otherwise. Parking is available along the street in front or at WalGreen's. They also have a fenced in parking area behind their building too. It is a little tight, but fine. The Vanilla Honey Latte was awesome. I ordered it half sweet and it was perfect. Limited pastries. They make breakfast too but I opted for that tiny little thing you see on my plate. It was good, but I wanted more. I'd definitely go back. :)My absolute favorite place to study. Sometimes it gets super over crowded if you go in the late afternoon because there is a middle school near by and all the kids go there afterward. However, if you go when it's a little quieter, maybe around 10 or 11am or 5 or 6pm it's golden. They play great music and the coffee is delicious and they keep it incredibly clean. Also, the bathrooms are SO clean which is a huge plus for a coffee shop. Best place to study and go on coffee dates because it's never too loud so you're able to have a great conversation without feeling like you're yelling.Just stopped in here for a to-go cup of drip coffee. It was really good, the atmosphere was certainly "hipster" but everyone was friendly and I loved the giant open front. I also really liked looking around the small boutique store inside while I waited for my coffee.Pretty cool vibe in here! Baristas were nice and friendly. Came in right when they opened and was pleasantly greeted. The Honey Vanilla Latte was highly suggested so I gave it a shot. Verdict - Nice twist to the latte. Can definitely get a strong taste of the honey from first to last sip, might be a little too sweet for regular latte drinkers though.You can read review until your blue in the face. Every one is critic, right. Today goal to indulge and try only the espresso and Giants Game is on point. Their Con Panna had just the right amount of whip cream. Is there cream as rich or de'lish as Lola's no. But doesn't have to be! Both Lola and Giant have some of the best espressos in the downtown area. I dig...Interesting. They serve four barrel coffee out of San Francisco for both espresso and pour over. la Marzocco, Mazzer, etcI like the baristas taste in music.  Good quality coffee.  Good atmosphere.  Wish they had more vegan options for food.Cute place, but I wasn't a fan of what I got. I got an iced mocha and just didn't like it at all. It was super grainy --not sure from what? I didn't specify on milk and I think they use an organic milk so maybe that's why. My boyfriend got an iced latte and absolutely loved it, so who knows. I've been a barista for years and I'm probably pretty picky. I'll go again.What a beautiful coffee shop! Sleek without being uncomfortable, the decor is a feast for the eyes. Lovely pastries, hot teas and chai! The hot cocoa is a little different - not very sweet, with a touch of spice. The service is always friendly. A great place to relax with a tasty beverage and snack.If you're on a quest to God's Country (aka Texas) via Los Angeles and in dire need of a pick me up, you'll find that a detour to Giant Coffee is a godsend!I owe my gratitude to my friend, Harlan (who formerly worked here at Giant but now crafts fine spro at the Best Coffee Shop in the World, G&B Coffee in Los Angeles, CA) for tipping me off to Giant. He said I had to eat a try their breakfast burrito (which there were an abundance of them in their display case wrapped in foil) but regrettably I did not.**********BEGIN PRO TIP**********

We try and get there any chance we get.what a great place to take your kids and you may find something for yourself, too.  wonderful local store.  will be making a return visit!Kitchy, very kitchy. Their selection of "old time" candies is pretty good though. i liked how their sign said "Come remember when...: and we heard every single person say "Remember this?". The staff was very nice as well.This place is SO cute for adults and for kids! They have tons of candy to choose from, many of which are hard to find, toys, books, etc. My shopping buddy picked out a few things for an upcoming grandchild and I was sucked into the candy. Service was a little slow but the lady at the counter told us she doesn't work there often. I didn't mind the wait though because it was fun to shop/look around at all the novelties. If you're looking for a little distraction in Old Town for the kiddos or just have a sweet tooth for candy, you should stop by!Kitschy store and friendly staff. I participated in the Shop Local Yelp Event, and this was my first stop. I'm glad I did because I was running low on candies and snacks for my Lyft rides. I now drive part time for Lyft , and I usually give out unique treats to my passengers. It's also a great place to buy the fake mustaches! A great accessory for lyft drivers. I love supporting small, indie businesses. Check them out!Neat place where you can see and buy a lot of hard to find elsewhere things. Some modern and some will bring back memories with thoughts in your head of -- "I din't think they still made that anymore."If you are near do stop in. You will have fun looking around and you just might buy something as well.A fun little shop selling both mainstream candies and those you don't often see at See's or Target. The prices were reasonable, although more expensive than in the Bay Area, surprisingly. I don't know if that's an Arizona thing. But, there's a pretty good selection here and I picked up some good finds (chuckles and horehound cough drops).Cute store! Lots of candy and high quality children's toys. They also have many unique gifts. A bit on the pricey side, but a fun stop while we waited for lunch.I was a kid again when I walked through the door. They have things there I haven't seen in years. Did you know they still make candy cigarettes? OMG! Fruit Stripe Gum! So many more memories of my favorite candy. The is a nice selection of toys. I came across a View Master 3D viewer with disks. I would have spent more time here, but it could have been hazardous to my pocketbook. The prices are reasonable enough, but I could have gone broke saving so much.Am I back in NJ??? I almost thought so after purchasing a dozen bagels for take-home after eagerly awaiting this Bagel spot to open.

They got 5 stars as my wifes pasta was a little hard maybe under cook as we pressed them for time. But we still enjoyed it.I asked the hotel concierge for a place  nearby for wood fired pizza"Sir right next door"As soon as I sat down I could smell the truffle oil . A good signWell executed and perfect pizza was delivered to me within a few minutes and was cut into four ready for knife and fork eatingKnock back a mango Gelato and life is good on the patioManga. Courteous and professional staff with the proper attention to details (i.e. extra care to remove bug marks). I have never had a bad experience - they get the job done right! I will continue to use their services.PROS:

+Excellent vibe. It's a nice mix of trendy-casual-upscale.This isn't really a con, more like a warning: the food was great but some of it was pretty pricey! It's easy to overlook this since I wasn't paying. But many of the comments from those I was with indicated that this is a special occasion place due to the wait and the price.Wonderful staff and great bar. Beer selection top shelf. Six for dinner could not have been nicer. Will definately return.Really good vegetarian options. Thank you for that! Stick with the pizzas and burgers. Their entrees are a little on the small side for the price.

Yogurt is fine.  I go there sometimes with my kids.  I guess no reviews because there's nothing special.  Just another yogurt place.  I'd add some cartoon posters our wall paintings, some color, more music, cooler sitting. but that's just mePretty darn good!  Might as well have been ice cream.I did a mix of Madagascar Vanilla and Pistachio, both were great.  I topped them with banana and strawberry. My only real gripe which didn't have much of an impact in my rating was that the strawberries were slightly frozen making them hard to eat. Other than that, as far as these yogurt places go it's really good.  Creamier than most.I so enjoy Yogurt and Yogurtland is one of my favorite places to get yogurt in Vegas.  The fun flavors of Yogurt and the fact the rotate flavors so that you can get something different each time you come in - sweet!  We had a Salted Carmel Pretzel flavor on our last visit that was just awesome.  The coffee flavor was also very good.   What truly makes Yogurtland so special is the topping selection.  They have something for everyone.  With the wife it is always about adding more nuts than Yogurt.  For me nuts and the mini peanut butter cups make me creation perfect.  The daughter does the bubble things and gummies to achieve her dessert perfection.    The interior is bright and inviting.  There is plenty of seating so you can enjoy your Yogurt  there or lid it up to take home.  They keep the place very clean and are constantly wiping down.  The employees are always friendly and their customer service is spot on.  The prices are fair and well worth the cost for your customized confection.  I am already looking forward to my next visit to Yogurtland.Delicious options for any picky eater, along with amazing topping bar options--this is a great stop for a light, satisfying dessert.I've been coming here for a few months now. Raul and Jason are always super kind and very friendly. They make sure we leave Yogurtland happy. Toppings are always fresh and clean. However there are other employees that are a little bit more stuck up. A female with glasses that's usually there late at night always seems to be very sarcastic and often rude. I would say the name but she never wears a name tag. But overall Yogurtland is a right on spot. 9.5/10Items Tasted:

Kobe Syle Wagyu Beef Ribeye - so tender

-Their nachos with chicken, cheese, and sour cream is a must try

Breakfast (available on weekends only) is cheap, or at least really affordable! You get a good quantity of food for the price. Quality of breakfast food? That's more 3 1/2 star because it's good, not great.Three (and a half stars):

* 84B. Bo Tom Nhung Dam "Beef & Shrimp dipped in Special Vinegar Sauce" ($23.95) - Same thing, but without the squid.  I just love it because it's light, and you can ask for more veggies and rice paper if necessary.  That dipping sauce has a sweet and sour quick with a fruity twist and just good!* 89. Bo Luc Lac "Diced Beef Salad" ($9.50) - This was a semi-raw beef dish with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, lettuce, limes, and peanuts.  Be sure to dip this in the fish sauce too for that extra tangy bite!  Yum!There are a bunch of other items in their Special Dishes section that I'm anxious to try.  It's a generous amount of food though, so it's better to go with a group of at least three.  (I think #s 84B and 85 are decent portions for a party of three, add some eggrolls if you're still hungry.)The first two times we went late at night, and they had a steady stream of customers.  But yesterday during dinnertime, it was packed!  They sure do get a lot of business here, from the Vietnamese community (always a good sign) and outside as well.  We did have to wave them down for more water, tea, extra condiments, etc.  But it was no big deal since it was busy.  Definitely one of my places to go for Vietnamese food beyond the basic pho.They are open late too!The best pho in Las Vegas for sure! I wish that I knew about this place when I used to live here a few years ago. I would have came here at least once a week! They have a pretty extensive menu here and pretty much do everything from pho to 7 course beef. I give this place a solid 4 1/2 stars! I ordered a special combo pho which had all of the goodies as I usually do for pho. The broth was excellent! The noodles were cooked perfectly and the meat was great! We also ordered some appetizers as well. We ordered a side of egg rolls which were nice and tasty! We also ordered the special beef salad which was also really good as well!I am pretty sure that I will eat here again if I'm craving Vietnamese food out here!Well priced PhoParking lot, open late, quick service, fresh greens, cash/credit.Extensive and authentic Vietnamese menu.  This is my 'go to' pho/Vietnamese place when I'm back home.  Good portions, great prices, prompt service. It could definitely use a deep cleaning, but I haven't gotten sick yet, *Knocks on Wood*.This was the 1st stop off the plane for a quick bite.  Upon arriving, I knew it was a com tam type of day. I got the one with the broken rice w/ shredded pork skin, steamed egg cake and pork.  We also ordered the egg rolls.The eggroll order had 4 standard size pieces.  The great thing was that it came with a lot of vegatables.  Pickled carrots and daikon, cucumbers, herbs and lettuce for wrapping.  Nice and hot, filled with meat and extra crunchy, these were pretty damn good.The Com tam was good.  Big portions of everything. No complaints here.  The prices were not bad at all, $6.95 for the Com Tam and around 5 bucks for the egg roll order.I have always been a fan of Pho So 1 because they have Vietnamese Barbecue! That is my favorite, just make sure you don't order bbq during your lunch hour because you will smell like it! And be sure that you have time to bbq and eat, since you are grilling the food.  I always order the combo with Beef, squid and shrimp! Oh my oh my it is so good especially with the pineapple sauce, which smells like fish sauce and is just a savory taste that makes you want more!!The pho here is tremendous!  The spring rolls are mouth watering!  Good food and good pricing.  You can't beat that.  Pho is a great meal to have and easy on the stomach for anyone currently under the weather.I finally had the opportunity to try this place.  Everyone I've ever talked to about pho says that Pho So 1 has the absolute best.  Well, I honestly wasn't blown away by the pho, but I can see why it's a favorite.  If I'm ever in the area late at night, I now know where to go.  I would certainly choose this place over Pho Kim Long (although I will continue to mention that place because... well it's just funny).I'd have to agree this IS one of THE BEST Viet joints in vegas!Everytime I go here, I always get the grill yourself beef...i believe it was only $17...they definitely give you more than your money's worth of beef.  My boyfriend & I shared this (he also ordered a bowl of pho)...and we barely finished half!  Not only is the beef alone worth the money...but the veggies are plentiful & fresh and they offer you TWO different dipping sauces!The wait staff is always friendly here....I asked if they could cook the remainder of our beef for us to take home.  They cooked it, and without me asking, they packed up extra bun (noodles), and the veggies and sauces to go as well.It's always busy, but never busy enough to where you'd have to wait to get seated...I recommend going here when you've got a viet food craving in vegas...skip the Asian Plaza with horrible parking/drivers, and just drive an extra minute west on Spring Mtn Road =)i love their food a lot.it is so good. i go there at least once a week. if they have little bit better service, i will definitely give them 5 stars.I have been to this place a few times, and I will def go back when I am in town. I took a couple buddies there to cure our hang overs with some pho and it totally hit the spot. We also ordered some spring rolls and egg rolls which were really nice. Unfortunately they weren't offering the grill that early in the day which was a let down. I highly recommend this place.The concierge at the Venetian recommended this restaurant. The soup was very tasty, and the bean sprouts were all trimmed and everything! Inexpensive and very soothing after a night out ;)One of the ways I pick a new restaurant to try is by looking at which one is bustling with people and has a full parking lot. This pho place, which I found on yelp first, fit the bill. I was impressed that the menu was in 4 languages! (English, Vietnamese, Chinese, and Korean) Got the pho dac biet xe lua (special combo) for 6.95 before tax.Not very clean + rude service = formula for great Asian food. My rule of thumb is, the ruder the service and the dirtier the place is, the better the food, and that's what I rate. ;)This is a must whenever I visit Vegas. Lots of seating, extensive menu, and quick service.Pho always hits the spot.The servers are nice. The food was pretty good. I love No.81A and the soups are pretty tasty.We came here twice in the span of 4 days...  quite tasty and decently priced.  Sunday lunch was not too full but on Tuesday at noon- the place was packed!  We tried the pork chop combo plate, spring rolls, chicken with rice, and pork and shrimp udon bowl.    Everyone enjoyed the food including the kids.  The broth for my udon bowl was so good- never thought I'd be eating udon noodles in a pho place but just goes to show- anything goes in Vegas!  The service was meh... but as long as the food is good- we'll be back!This place is the best Vietnamese restaurant that I have found so far in Vegas. For only being in Vegas for a few days for a mini vacation, we managed to came back for 5 times during our 3 days trip. I truly recommend this restaurant for anyone who wish to eat authentic Vietnamese food while on a vacation. This is a better place to eat than to eat at one of those 24 hrs Vietnamese restaurant. I will definitely go back when visiting Vegas.the pho is good and the bun bo hue is decent. they even have pho ap chao- personally, i like the beef one, the combination just wasn't workin for me. tell them to go easy on the sauce or see if you can get it on the side so the noodles can stay crispy. do not bother with any fried rice dish.This place is So Pho-king good.  [See what I did, there? ;-) ]But, really, this place serves some mighty tasty food.  The hubby and found this place through yelp (!) and it was our very first stop once we picked up the car rental.  It's located in a nondescript shopping plaza, and if it weren't for our trusty tomtom we could have very well given up.  Parking is plentiful and the location is centrally located.  Upon entering, we were greeted promptly and led to a table by the window.  The menu  is fairly extensive, but all we really wanted was some soup + egg rolls.  I ordered beef and he ordered seafood pho.  The egg rolls are served on a bed of lettuce and huge amounts of carrots and daikon.  Oh, I love daikon.  Really refreshing and cut out the oily feeling you get from the rolls.  The beef pho was on point, but I thought the seafood was just meh (though my hubby enjoyed it).  Portion sizes are huge and filling with noodles and broth.  Definitely a great way cleanse your system - before AND after your trip.  And after a week in Vegas, you're soooo gonna need it.The portions are huge!! We got the pho combo meat on the outside. A plus was that the plate of veggies the bean sprouts were plucked!! =) Nice! The broth was heavenly rich and beef. The only complaint was that my hubby's bowl of soup was luke warm. His meat didn't even cook. I had to ask for an extra bowl of soup. Other than that a great place for pho..yes will come again. If his soup was hot they would have gotten a 5 stars!!Oh well, I dont know what to say, this place is famous for pho, and compared to other Pho restaurant, pho so 1 tastes okay, I don't expect much from any Vietnamese restaurant in Las vegas though,the beef dish cost 25$ is good, ( 7 beef dish courses),remember, u live in Las vegas, not Orange county or Sanjose where all the good vietnamese restaurant locatedNot as good as pho kim long, comparable, though. Better than Siagon 8.Good if you're trying to mix things up.Feels like a cafeteria, close seating to other people. Pretty busy, and fast service.My wife and I found this through a recommendation of a local.  Looking to find a cheap and good lunch away from the strip, this hit the spot.  We both had a bowl of pho.  The broth was very good and not too salty.  We also had the fried egg rolls, which were also very good.  All in all, if you're looking for pho off the strip, this is the place to go to.This place is consistently good, they broth isn't fatty or salty.I like their tableside grilling and they have the best damn spring rolls I have ever tried.The service is good if you can catch the waiters attention (good Luck)That's the only reason they get four instead of five.I hate waiting to get things I need like extra lime.My food is getting cold and I need that extra lime in their asap!This is one of the best Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas. The regular beef pho is on average but the beef stew pho in tomato carrot soup is exceptionally good. We also love the bbq pork on broken rice. It is almost as good as the ones we have in LA. The locals visit this place too so it gets crowded often. It is a cheap and clean restaurant we go to whenever we feel sick of the buffets.This pho really hits the spot.For my boyfriend specifically, we drive all the way from Henderson to eat here.  There's a large population of Laotians in the area and it helps him feel at home when he can understand what people are saying.  If the local Laos eat here... I will too.Last time we got a chicken and rice dish with lemongrass (I know that's pretty vague).  It was good, more lemongrassy than I prefer, but again, it brought my boyfriend back and that's all the reason for me to like this place.best place in town for pho, the plate 89 beef and salad is really good... I wish the staff can speak English, the place smell is not so good...The 1st day in Vegas and this was the 1st place a local friend recommended. We were in the mood for some Pho, and this placed delivered. We started off with Thai Iced Teas and Fresh Spring Rolls. They were fresh with Shrimp and Mint leaves with a Peanut dipping sauce. I was also in the mood for some Pho, so I ordered a #16 Pho Soup with Meatballs. Everyone else got Pho with extra Tendons and Tripe soups. My Wifey raved about the Lemongrass Chicken with Rice. The Servers were very busy, but took care of us efficiently. Good place and Good food at reasonable prices. We will be back for more Pho when we are in the area again.Let's face it in Vegas, all the Asian restaurants no matter how pretty the interior may be...the food is overpriced garbage that is barely better than Panda Express.  So really when you're on the strip all you're left with is American and European food, and after tons of heavy drinking that kind of food may not sit so well anymore. Honestly nothing cures a night of heavy drinking like a big bowl of Pho.When I get Pho in Vegas, I love to hit up Pho So 1. It's got a pretty funny name, not quite Pho Kim Long, but usually places with funny names tend to have sh*tty food. But this place is an exception. The prices are pretty standard for Pho places, but it also is dirt cheap in comparison to things on the strip. About $6-8 for a bowl of pho. I like to order the large #1. When I first got it honestly I thought the bowl was tiny. I was so used to getting the bowls that were more like buckets at other Pho places.But don't let the bowl size fool you. Unlike the other Pho places. Pho So 1 actually jam packs their pho bowls with noodles, meat, and condiments.  Where as the other Pho places may give you a gigantic bowl, but honestly it's all broth. I have a huge appetite and I typically leave Pho So 1 stuffed. I highly recommend their Pho. It's not as good as Grandma's, but it's definitely delicious. I also highly recommend their Cha Gio (deep fried lumpia). It's also quite good and they serve it right with the lettuce, noodles, etc. Although their dipping sauce is a bit different.Anyway, if you have a cheap way to get off the strip. I highly recommend hitting up Pho So 1.~Gp.s. Keep in mind service is standard with most Vietnamese restaurants which means a little rude.This is my "go-to" spot. I normally order pho Bo vien large extra meatball and a large tsingtao. I like the larger sizes of meatballs they use and the broth is pretty delicious. This place is usually good on getting your pho to you in a timely manner, but the the same could be said with most pho places since it's not that difficult to prepare. I have yet to venture from my usual but when I do, I shall review it.My fiancé and I both love going out late night and getting us some Vietnamese food. I personally am a big fan of Pho (as this is my third yelp on a vietnamese restaurant). I was introduced to this particular place because I use to date the owner's son. I had never had pho prior. The establishment has flourished since then. The restaurant has doubled in size in 2002.My fiance says that this is his favorite place for Cum Bo Lu Lac. Its basically barbequed beef and rice (i believe). I happen to like their jellyfish salad. The pickled favor is not overwhelming.  The pho is on par with most pho restaurants I have eaten. Price is also very reasonable, I think it was $6 for a bowl of pho which is around the going rate. Fresh spring rolls were very good too. Some people have mentioned that the place wasn't very clean. I would like everyone to keep in mind that most authentic Vietnamese restaurants aren't going to be very upscale and /or clean. Not that this is an excuse for hygiene, but I like to review on subjectivity. This is how most Vietnamese restaurants are, no boujie-ness but great food. If you're looking for an elegant Vietnamese restaurant, I can say, from experience, that the food will be over priced for exactly the same product from a mom/pop pho restaurant.This restaurant isnt open as late as Pho Kim Long, but it is great. Last time I checked, they only took cash. So make sure to make cash on you.Im a san gabriel valley LA resident, so ive had a ton of pho places.. this place is on par with a good one from home. Prices are fair, portions are good, lots of MEAT in the pho, goodsize rice plates as well.i recommend this to anyone craving this type of food. they're open till 3am or later i think.. 2 thumbs up..i almost forgot, i had their fried eggrolls, they were good in size, came with greens to wrap/eat with them.. they were wrapped just tight enough, and were packed with a good filling. they came SUPER HOT(which is a plus)PHO SO 1

they are open very late on friday  and saturday, 1:00am! Late night pho fix!

Daughter had shrimp cocktail and cheese cake.

Arizona Honey Wheat.Yes.The name Assembly has become synonymous with Edinburgh Fringe. Now in its 30th year at the festival it's as big as its every been. They seem to have all the biggest stars and best shows, and with venues like this is not difficult to see why.The walk up to the venue is worth it even if you don't go and see and show. Separating Old and New Town, the top of The Mound has spectacular views over Edinburgh - especially good if you don't have the energy to walk up Arthur's Seat or Carlton Hill but still want to take in your surroundings.Inside, there's a sort of indoor/outdoor bar not dissimilar to the Lane Bar on George Street. It's in a big courtyard, with the bar on one side and tables on the other. Then there are three venues: The Bailie Room, Rainy Hall and the festival's former biggest venue - Assembly Hall, which seats more than 800. It's a really good venue but it could probably do with another bar and more toilets. And many, many less pillars in the Assembly Hall.The Assembly Hall is much cooler as the Assembly Hall than it is as the Divinity College, I assure you. Mainly because the latter requires that you be there for knowledge early in the morning, whereas the latter requires that you be there for fun and comedy and dance and music in the late night with beer and friends and fun and etc (insert here above list). The Divinity College is a really beautiful building (for all I know it's also called New College, but I might be making that much up) and it turns into a pretty decent venue too. Two summers ago, I was lucky enough to be able to see Bale de Rua (Brazilian dance group) and Ed Byrne in this venue. And even though it was fairly outrageously priced, they were very good shows.We had a slightly bad experience on reviewing day, but we're generally big fans of this place. We summed it up: "we still rather like Beirut. This time there were some hiccups in the service and food, but having been before when both were impeccable, we dare say that it was our own fault for going in the middle of the afternoon when we should have been having a roast in some nondescript pub."Made a reservation and went on a fairly quiet weekday evening for dinner with a group. I believe that we got a selection for 4 people for 5 of us and it was way more than enough food (would easily feed 6). We were actually disgustingly full (even after the starter) but it was so very delicious that we felt compelled to finish our meal! Subscribed to the email list prior to our visit to get a 20% discount voucher. BYOB. Great ambiance, but bit dark...would be good for dates too!I'm hopeful.  As more retailers and restaurants open this area has great potential.  I live and work downtown and have already found the CVS very convenient and I have found a few great items at some of the clothing stores here. I can see it earning an extra star from me once more eateries open.I gotta say that I really love Cityscape so far. About six mos ago, I joined the Gold's Gym and have really looked forward to the eventual openings of restaurants and shops. It is gradually turning into something great. Right now, you've got a CVS, Urban Outfitters, 3-4 more clothing shops (men and women), Lucky Strikes, an art gallery, and a few eateries (5 Guys, Vitamin T) with more to come. Some of the retail shops are pricy and some are very reasonable. Sure one or two of the retail shops are chains, but what city shopping strip doesn't have chains mixed in with small businesses? The parking garage also validates which is nice. There is also a light rail stop just outside. I have been to a couple of festivals at Cityscape including Oktoberfest and also visited the ice skating rink last night. While you have the typical negative comments about the ice skating rink (This isn't Rockerfeller Square, It only fits 10 skaters), I thought it was nice, different, and had a good 30-40 skaters on it. $10/person includes skate rental and unlimited time. Bottom line, Cityscape has room for improvement but I love what it is so far, and think it is a great addition to downtown. I can't wait till the other eateries and retail shops begin popping in.I haven't been ice skating since 8th grade when I owned the rink at polar ice. Thankfully, I was skating with a 5 year old who had never worn skates before so I got to play it cool and save my ego. "let's hang on to the side and go really slow until you get the hang of it""I got it already, let's go faster"

the chicken strips were larger than normal.  the cheese enchiladas are wonderful according to the one eating them.  as if they made the sauce themselves.  the blt was minimally built, very little bacon, considered "eh."the waitress was nice, but flighty.  she wasn't direct with us, just kind of there.  when we asked for bbq, or refills, she never looked at us, but responded as she walked away.  didn't listen to our orders completely.  it was asked that chili's be put on half the crisp, but was on all of it.  i asked for just pickles on my hamburger, but it was naked.the drive there is pretty.  i wouldn't see how anyone would be driving through here on a road trip, but if you are, it's not bad, but not wonderful.Good day drive for us touristy folks!  Even more fun via motorcycle!  One of the only places left with the ever-so-delious prickly pear icecream!  For some reason, the bathrooms really stand out in my memory of this place.  Guess they were really fun for bathrooms with the paintings!  The saloon has all the things you'd expect in the wild west.  Saddle up!Tortilla Flat is the kind of place you take out-of-towners when they're grating on your nerves and you threaten to leave them there unless they pull their act together. It's also a fun place to take out-of-towners and claim they have the best Mexican food in the state, only to see their disappointment when you get the Grande Nachos. Speaking of that restaurant, that's the best place to take MJB, hand her a red pen and their menu/newspaper and say "Go for it, baby. I found 14 grammatical errors above the fold." Okay. So that last one makes me appear to be an elitist, egotistical, insensitive prick. On a serious note, Tortilla Flat is a great place to take someone (or yourself) after Canyon Lake. It's only a few minutes away and is such a quaint locale. The dollars on the restaurant walls are enough for the trip. Walking along the river and seeing the power of water over stone is another reason. And feeling the sand that's been washed down is spectacular. (I have a sand collection of my travels and those of my friends, so sand in alcohol bottles means something deep to me...I just didn't have an empty bottle this time.) The food isn't great, but the staff are all characters and isn't that what a town of six permanent residents is all about??Got lucky coming here, It was just before the rush of tourist.  This place really does make you feel like a tourist though, whether that is a good thing or bad thing is your choice.  I will have to say the quality of food was better than expected, I got the chili and cheese crisp.  I hear the chili can go either way of agreeing or disagreeing with your stomach, but I got lucky here.  The sarsaparilla was especially refreshing I must say.All in all, good place when you are in the mountains, but if you hate tourist, run away.Yes, I am now of fan of Tortilla Flat.  There's not a lot of options in the eastern Phoenix area and this is a fun, historic place.  The drive is beautiful.  The bathrooms are unique, there's no phone service, dollar bills cover the walls, bar stools are saddles.  We had burgers & fries, and all was tasty.  We visited the general store and had some prickly pear ice cream.  It was a fun outing and we'll probably go again when visiting MIL in Apache Junction.After a crazy drive doing the long loop of the 60 to the 188 to the 88 I was happy to have reached Tortilla Flat. I had been looking forward to saddling up at the bar, literally and grabbing a burger after what I read online.The service was VERY friendly, the food was great, and it was an overall good experience. People were friendly and chatting with those around then, the food was tasty and came out quick, and it was the perfect spot to stop along the Apache Trail. Grabbed a Prickly Pear ice cream from the parlor and I was off.I am looking forward to going back.We've eating here numerous times after a long grueling hikes through the eastern end of the Superstitions. Great place for a burger and beer. Be sure to ask for jalapenos ... they'll bring you a generous serving for your burgers. One note - the place is loaded with snowbirds in the winter during the daylight hours - and stay off the saddles at the bar - they look cute, but not too comfortable.What a unique place to visit!  Alittle touristy, but alot of great spots for photo ops.  There is not much, but the name was so interesting that we had to check it out!Well, it's nothing crazy. It's a stopping point where you can eat and do a bit of gift shopping along the Apache Trail. There was also a little museum (like, really little) where it has a bit of history or people who came as well as the story behind all the $1 bills that are stapled on all the walls of the businesses. We also ate there and I was pleasantly surprised. I had the grilled chicken burger (the one with green chile, cheese, bacon) and it was actually quite good and the chicken was moist. The BF had the chili in the bread bowl which was also very good. The chips were stale, so we left them, but that just helped us from overeating :-)i've never been but since i have a visitor in town whom loves the old west, i couldn't resist driving out here. first off, the drive through the canyon is amazing! the rocks and cliffs and the lake is breathtaking to me. my dad however just wonders aloud every few minutes "how the hell did you get a wagon train out here? and why?"we arrived in tortilla flats, on a weekday, about 2pm and it was crawling with tourists. i had hoped to sit at the bar at the saloon but it was so packed with wisonsinites, new yorkers, and minnesotans, we decided to just walk around.i did read about the prickly pear gelato so we stopped by the ice cream shop and i tried some. it was surprisingly delicious.it takes all of 10 minutes to walk the tiny strip. there's a small museum at the end of the strip and apparently some hiking across the road. basically, it's a huge tourist draw, much like Helen, GA or Gatlinburg, TN. luckily, we found a parking spot right in front of the saloon so my knee-deficient father didn't have to walk far.i would return to take out-of-towners, but not for myself. the drive alone is worth it though.Surprisingly good little tourist spot on the way through the Apache Trail,  this historic landmark was once a stop for the stagecoach.  We expected bland and standard fare, but got good quality fast food and good service.  I give it 4 stars for these points I note, and recommend you stop if you want a quick bite in a cool spot.Try the snake bite venom draft. Very good.  Be patient on drive here, no need to hurry.o.k. so It's been since the late 80's wheni was a tween since I've been here , and the popultion was just 'six' then too! It was such a nice way to trek out of Pheonix/tempe ,i plan to do it again sometime! Untill theni encourage you to go see tortilla flats for yourself and write your own review for me! o.k.?  /alexavierI love this little place. It's touristy and who doesn't love a little kitsch? We enjoy sitting at the bar on the saddles and having a sarsaparilla. We don't usually eat here but have had the burgers and think they are good. It's all about the location!I have gone on a Sunday when they had live music and are grilling outdoors. Don't know the "When's"  of this event? It is a fun stop while at the lake.

Yes. (Although this may have changed with a menu revamp. Whatever, order a side of gyro meat and add it in.)Efficient coffee service with hot refills essentially after each sip of coffee?

We got the main dish (we always do family style) and we didn't have the plates : (

It's not your typical Cirque du Soleil show, and the majority of the acts were on stage. My favorites: Thriller and Smooth Criminal.Definitely a must see if you love MJ's music!January 4, 2014

10. Service is friendly in this hotel. If you're nice to the staff, they will return that kindness and reward you for it. If you're drunk and obnoxious, they will tolerate you. Don't be that guy.Your Experience at the Flamingo is TOTALLY what you make it. If you opt for a higher floor and a GO room then it will be a great stay. If you stay on a lower floor in an older room, totally different experience and one I wouldn't be cool with. It is like staying in 2 completely different hotels. Our room was clean, the hallway carpets were new and clean, and our view was probably the best in Vegas. (stayed on the 22nd floor facing the strip). The elevators were haunted I think. Going downstairs, the elevator in the lobby tower would stop on the 11th floor almost every time. Other times, different lights would light up as the elevator was moving. Strange but kinda cool if you want to imagine that the mobsters are still haunting the place. Wasn't an inconvenience just strange. The Pool is Awesome, the Casino itself was so-so. I didn't see any big pay-outs so definitely on the tighter side but it is the Strip. Cocktail waitresses were awesome if you tipped them. Never had to wait for a drink. All in All, the Flaming is a really fun place to stay if you are cool with a relaxed vibe and not a lot of frills and luxury.I will definitely be staying here when I go back to Vegas. The pool area is fantastic, although drink prices are a little high, but that's pretty much everywhere in vegas.The hotel staff were by far the friendliest and most helpful I have encountered.

*Happy hour Monday-Friday 3-6 and Sunday-Thursday 9-close*An enormous portion of Cajun fries on the happy hour menu for $3Great spot for Monday night football. At least when we were here they had happy hour till at least 9pm. I ordered completely off the happy hour menu...Chicken nuggets are on point! The nuggets were plump, tasty and served on a bed of blue cheese Cole slaw, never had that before and was pleasantly surprised. Wings were 7/10 and pizza was good but was wishing for something a lil more crispy 7/10. My wife's ahi tuna was 6/10. The greens, tomatoes and olives were tasty however the tuna was fishy but edible. Service was sluggish at the beginning but came up to speed as appetizers were arriving, mostly due to game night I'd imagine. I drank house ipa, it was tasty but not as hoppy as I like. Overall experience was 7.5/10! We will come back...My mom invited me to dinner tonight to celebrate my recent birthday, as it being my first time here I was excited to give it a try finally! The hostess had a big smile on her face when I walked in, it was busy so we got stuck on a regular wood table but the spacing between tables was decent and I was never uncomfortable like at most restaurants not being at a booth. I feel bad I can't remember our waitress' name but she was so nice and when I complained that I wasn't a fan of the pasta I originally ordered she offered me a menu and let me reorder without hesitation and said I should not feel bad, some food isn't for everyone. For an appetizer we ordered the hummus which was AMAZING. For a drink I ordered the Strawberry Lemonade - not terrible but I've had better. Originally I ordered the Lemon Caper Pasta but as I said before - NOT A FAN. I replaced it with the Carbonara and WOW! Why didn't I order this in the first place? I asked myself! I will definitely return and next time I will hopefully have room for dessert. My mom also mentioned I can sit on the patio with my pugs, which if it wasn't so cold out I would totally consider doing but maybe in the future during the summer!Solid 4.5 stars.  We sat outside with the heaters going.  You still need to bring a sweater though.  There was a wait if you wanted to sit inside which is not unusual anywhere in Summerlin on a Saturday night.I started off with a Greens, eggs and ham.  It was a very fun small dish. It had small broccoli pieces, bacon (no ham) and a poached egg.  It's great for sharing.  The rest of the family had different culinary items varying from Italian (Chicken Parm and Pizza) to Mexican (Carne Asada) to Caribbean   Chicken.  Everyone loved their food.  The Caribbean Chicken had a jerk sauce that while definitely not authentic was a nice hearty portion pared with thinly sliced cucumbers with a zesty sauce and rice.  It went well together.  They also serve Chinese food there also with a twist (I didn't try it).If you are tired of eating the same old stuff, go to Lazy Dogs.  It's American Cuisine that's really good.  Oh yeah, people can bring their dogs to the restaurant outside.  All the dogs were well behaved.I was happy with this place. I had the chicken enchiladas from the skinny menu, and they were very filling and satisfying. My husband had the BLT and tortilla soup. Their messed up and put mayo on his sandwich even though he asked them not to, so the manager bought us dessert. That was a nice touch.Ok. Gave them another shot. I had a pretty good burger. The apple crumble was good too. Only issue was that they gave my wife cafinated coffee when she ordered decaff, no she has the shakes.Love this place. Great food and drinks. Friendly and fun. We take out puppies there for a treat and they have their own menu!Only problem is they don't take bookings for small tables and as we have to eat on patio with pups we have always had to wait over 30 minutes to get our table.Located in Downtown Summerlin. Let me start with this, I have to dig any place that, as the name suggests is dog friendly. The food is typical bar food, and that's not a bad thing at all. Be sure to join the meal club for a free appetizer or dessert. The service is ok, but they are new, i am sure they will get it right. A great place to stop in if you need to take a break from shopping. Live It Up You Are In Las Vegas For Cryin' Out Loud!Good food, good service, and great ambiance for casual dining. If you are not a dog person this place is kept very clean. Go when the temperature is right as the outdoor patio is the place to sit. Great fire pit if needing a drink by the fire.Pretty darn good. Went for my first time and I had a wedge salad and the corn chowder. Yummmmm!  The corn chowder was perfection. The salad was fresh and the ranch was on point. My mom had the pot pie. That was also extremely good. I can't wait to go back and try some more items. There was an apple crumble dessert I wanted to try so bad l, so that's definitely happening next time!The Lazy Dog is a quaint little restaurant with the ambiance of being away in the mountains, surrounded by log cabins. We sat outside around a huge fire pit with an open ceiling. The coolest perk: Dogs are welcomed! Hence the name. The Lazy Dog has a good menu selection for people and a cute little section for the pups. The coffee was spot on, delicious & unlimited. The food, even though simple i.e. fish & chips, turkey sandwich, buffalo wings, were all presented and plated quite elegantly. I highly recommend this restaurant. Sit outside and enjoy the fresh air, surround yourself with a warm fire & good food!Had Thai chicken salad.  Very yummy   Went with 3 girlfriends and everyone loved the food.We love Lazy Dog as a great place to enjoy our friends with our favorite animals.  We brought our hiker kitten, Cali, today along with 2dogs of friends.  Great time!!  Too bad they won't allow Cali to return.  She is incredibly well-behaved but apparently other felines in CA were not so no cats allowed now.  Cali is for sure a chill kitten and VEGAS is way more chill than CA.  Perhaps a Cali exception should be made!My husband and I are always at Downtown Summerlin so we figured we try Lazy Dog. Looks like a chain restaurant with multiple locations (which it is), but never heard of it previously. The interior is warm and approachable, but I couldn't put my finger on its design inspiration. Looks like New Mexico meets Claim Jumper? So curious that I actually looked into it when we were waiting for service. Turns out it's inspired by a lounging dog near a fireplace at a lodge in Grand Teton, WY. Pretty cool and touches home as my husband has fam up there. The food is verrry eclectic, reminds me of a Cheesecake Factory in terms of - "here is a bible of mediocre food offerings bound to interest somebody." However, our selections were really tasty! The green chili mac n cheese app was amazing, very flavorful. Ordered a low calorie pasta salad with great citrus under notes. The husband ordered the meatloaf, easily one of the tastiest I've ever had. Good cocktail selection too.Not on my immediate return list, but I wasn't disappointed. A great place to bring a group of friends or family if you're in the neighborhood.The environment is warm and approachable the food are big portions for a good price. It's a great restaurant I do remembers it.My husband and I stopped in to grab an appetizer and a few drinks to finish up the football game. Absolutely great food! They have small plates so you can share AND they have a nutritious menu for anyone counting calories. We had the buffalo chicken nuggets with blue cheese slaw. I am personally not a big blue cheese fan but my husband loved it! The bites were on point! Also....gotta try the sweet potato bites with jalepeno aoli!!!  Come on in and check it out! Affordable and great staff along with delicious choices!!!!My first time here and it was great. It has a great interior. The staff was nice and the food was really good. We got lots of food for a pretty low price for happy hour. Our tabs were low. I will come back to this place soon. I found another favorite place to eat... This placeThis is a big establishment! Kind of reminds me of Claim Jumper, the way the plates are large and with the warm, cabin-like decor. This was a nice place to eat with friends and the NCAA Football National Championship was on that evening, so we could watch the game as well - lots of TVs.I can't help but think the place is overpriced, though. You DO get large plates, but it's not really a place I'd go often. While everyone enjoyed their meal, I didn't see many menu options that seemed extra special. I would love to come back again when it's a little warmer and bring my dog. I hear the patio is nice for that and enjoying a drink with friends, although I've never done it.I had the Hawaiian BBQ short ribs with fries and it was very tasty! Definitely try the chocolate lava cake-type dessert. We all shared a few desserts at the suggestion of our waiter and I'm glad we listened to him.If you consider your dogs as part of the family, this is the best place to bring them. They even have their own doggy menu. You will need to eat outside if you bring your dog, however they do have heaters during the winter, but not sure what they would do for our scorching hot Vegas summers. The menu is pretty extensive and has lots of options. If your craving it, they most likely have it here. We stuck to brunch this time though cuz we went in the morning. I ordered a Coutry Fried Chicken over Biscuits. I think the portion was just perfect. Not too small where ur still hungry and not too big where u feel over stuffed and wasting food. The plate is served with a homemade biscuit split open over sauce, boneless fried chicken served over the biscuits and topped off with two sunny eggs. Delicious!

Had the Carne Asada! Love the salsa's on the salsa bar as well! Overall great experience!Love the rolled tacos. And the staff is always so friendly. The place is always clean.Panda is Panda, love it or hate it. :)The atmosphere was very calm especially for a lunch time. The staff were very friendly even to the customers leaving.I'm so happy I found this salon! I was looking for somewhere to tan and this is the first place I went and I'm SO glad I did! While it is a little pricey, especially for a college student, I think that the service and well taken care of salon make up for it. I pay $39 a month for unlimited tanning in any of their three beds (standard, premium, elite). They also have Mystic tanning and other spa services but I have never used any of these. You do have to be a member of the spa to tan there. They don't do single tans but you can buy three tans for $40... So yes it is a little pricey but it's well worth it in my opinion.All the ladies who work at this salon are so friendly, sweet, and helpful. They almost always remember my name and are so flexible and helpful in making sure I get into a bed right away. Coming in to tan here is definitely one of the best parts of my day! So relaxing!I have never felt so comfortable at a dentists office before. My first exam was back in November and Dr. Sadowski took a lot of time to talk with me about my concerns and tell me about his background. It was a good experience and I felt like he really understood my concerns since it had been a while since my last cleaning.I got my teeth cleaned yesterday and the dental hygienist was great. They have the ultrasonic scraper thingy so it didn't hurt and I even got my teeth whitened for free (look for the coupon in the money mailer if you live within a few miles of the dental practice). They use digital x-Ray machines which is so much better than the old-school kind and everything they do is on computers. They have a lot of modern equipment and I felt really well taken care of by the staff. The office is very small, but cozy and the staff is super nice. I'll keep going back to them for future cleanings and have referred a few people there.I don't have health insurance so I had to pay for my dental services. I thought the prices was okay after comparing it with other dental centers in the area. And plus they had an internet coupon for $100 off. So that's why I went with them instead of another dental center. Plus there were a number of good reviews on google for Biltmore Commons Dental Care. That gave me more confidence to use their services.  I called at 8am and I was able to get an appointment at 9am. Maybe I was lucky or maybe there's vacant spots because of the bad economy and no one is going the dentist. Who knows. Dr. Balestrino did my fillings. He took his time to explain to me what needed to be done and addressed the questions I had. I am overall pleased with this dentist visit. I would go back for my follow up in six months to get my teeth cleaned.The employees here were extremely helpful and very nice. They helped me find exactly what I was looking for and very quickly at that. I definitely recommend this Ace for anything and everything you may need.Unless you live under a rock, or never get sick - you have probably been to a CVS.This one is a decent sized location and *clean*. The employees were friendly and helpful. We were actually there because we forgot our kids earplugs for swimming. The didn't have the brand we were used to.. but the tech was able to answer our questions, and point us in the right direction.This is my primary blockbuster even though there is one closer to our house.  The reason we always go to this one is the awesome service we get.  The selection is pretty standard and they usually have at least one movie we want to watch in stock, so that is always good.  They do tend to have an odd number of gay movies...not sure if that is a plus or a minus but if you like soft-core gay porn, I suppose this is the place to go.  In any event, the people who work here are awesome.  They always get us in and out in like 30 seconds which is great.  We never have a problem turning in our Blockbuster mail-in movie for a movie in the store.  They are just really nice and efficient.  Far more than I can say about some of the other Blockbusters around Phx.Yay for good Blockbusters.  There is one way closer to the house, but their selection sucks, the people are rude, and it's just plain ghetto.  This location is very large and has a great selection.  I think their selection is better than most.  The employees we have interacted with have always been very friendly and have a good sense of humor.  We actually have the Blockbuster online thing (think Netflix) and it works fantastically.  Whenever we come here to use one of our in-store exchanges, we are always in and out of there very quickly.  The other location seemed to have difficulties with that.  Anyway, this is my favorite Blockbuster in the valley.  The two reasons I subtracted one star is the awful parking lot, and I wish it were a bit closer to my house.Jeannie and  have been going to Dr. Gordon for years ( thanks family genetics!) now and have always been well taken care of by Dr. Gordon, Ramon, and the rest of the staff. I personally have had over 8 different treatments, ranging from the sclerotherapy injections, laser catheter treatment, and ambulatory phlebectomy.  Dr. Gordon has always followed up with a call at home checking on me and I have never had any issues with my treatments or my check ups.Very good job on estimate and time to completion. Roofers did a good job and cleaned up after themselves every day. It looks amazing and added to the sale price of our home. I just wish we had a longer warranty (2 years) or that a longer warranty time was discussed with us during the bid process.Please bear in mind that I try new things as they come. Korean has always mystified me.. I never even knew anything about it until one day me and the mister were cruising around (speedo shopping for our trip to Puerto Vallarta, j/k!) and happened upon this place.Okay I have to say I was blown away! This place is awesome! The service was pleasant and they completely demystified Korean BBQ for us.. my tummy is happy we went! Had the beef with mushrooms as well as the pork slices in chile paste. The server cooked the food in front of us on the tabletop grill which was very cool.. the food was fresh and just delish! The panchan was fresh and many, I think about 8 in all.. Oh the dressing on the cabbage salad, just amazing!If anyone ever wants to go out for Korean, Im so there!Oh yes, this is real Korean BBQ. One whiff and I was transported back to my Galbee and soju-drenched Berkeley days...aah memories. If you've never experienced Korean BBQ - please go now! For beginners you really can't go wrong with Galbee...thinly sliced beef with a slightly sweet marinade that makes me wish I had the birthright to know its composition.    The oh-so-polite servers will help you cook whatever you order at your table should you don the "I can't do this with chopsticks!" look - so fear not, K-BBQ neophytes. There's also a sofa with a bigscreen and karaoke machine should you drink SO MUCH soju you feel compelled to make a complete ass of yourself (we did). Oh, and for pete's sake, please do not waste a trip to Korean BBQ by ordering a rice dish. Korean BBQ is all about the MEATS!My family and I come here when we crave Korean BBQ and our budget allows.The servers are always friendly.  My glass is always re-filled in a timely manner and it's pretty easy to catch the waitress' attention if I need anything.The food is really good.  As with all restaurants like this, if you're a crappy cook, or if you for some reason not good at flipping meat over a grill, then by all means, ask them to cook your entree in the kitchen.The side dishes are excellent.  They give you a good variety.  If you happen to run out of a particular one, just ask for more.I've been dining here for about 7 years now, and I look forward to more years of their delicious food and good service.It's good. Eat here. You'll come back. Bring friends or a date and have a good time.The staff will take care of you and even mind your grill. If you have questions about what you're eating, how you eat it, or how to pronounce it, just ask.I love this place. The bbq is amazing. If you order from the BBQ menu, get number 3 (ribs) and number 5 (beef with mushrooms). I've been here three times and have never been disappointed. The korean pancake is goood, however, it's a little thicker then the ones I've had in New York, and sometimes the seafood is a little chewy. I wish they had the plain scallion pancake, I like it better than the seafood one. And no, they don't give as many condiments as other places I've been....but, considering they are not exactly close to any Korea town, I think it's authentic enough for the location (Mesa, Az!). The place itself isn't much to look at, but the flavorful food more then makes up for it. Every time I go, it's the same waitress, and based on what I've read from other reviews, I'm thinking she IS the only one. We went there this evening, and almost every table was full and yet she was the only one serving. So, serivce was needless to say, a little slow (hence the dock off one star)Other then that, I'm a fan of this place. I'm glad it's just around the corner from us!This is a really good restaurant!  A must try for people who like Korean food!Favorites: Bulgogi with lettuce wraps and chap chaeI really want to go back to try the karaoke here.Korean BBQ -- Warning while attending and eating Korean BBQ please dress appropriately!  After effects may include - full belly, the need to use a toothpick, flush face (especially when you're Asian), and YOU SMELL LIKE YOU JUST ATE SOME KOREAN BBQ comments!I should have known, but I enjoy putting on a nice blazer -- that now needs to go to the cleaners.Moving on, Korean BBQ is a small mom-pop shop.  The name of the restaurant got to the point and no beating around the bushes here.  You get what you order.  Grill your beef strips and pork fat yourself!  Hmm ain't nothin' like some pork fat over some Hite & OB beer -- Soju doesn't hurt either, but make sure you can handle yourself after a few rounds.  Overall, the food was pretty good and authentic here. Service was lovely and our waitress started the grilling for me and showed me the tools and tricks. Yes, my friends I'm not much of a cook even in front of a grill.As I said early Korean BBQ is a small shop with some basic decor.  They have a full bar, but I didn't take advantage of it since I was busy trying to grill haha! They seem to have a karaoke room that was empty.  Not sure if they have karaoke nights, but let me know and I'll bust out my Bruno Mars impression! - Enjoy!Stopped by on a Monday around 1:15 pm and there wasn't anyone in the place other than the waitress. Since there were 3 of us and we wanted our meal cooked on the grill table side, we were told at first that the food would be made in the kitchen. We asked if we ordered from the dinner menu would it be possible for the table side grill and we were told yes.  The food was good and the sides were alright, nothing spectacular but not bad.  The bill came out to $70 with an appetizer and 2 grilled meats. A little pricey for lunch, but we wanted to have our food grilled in front of us. Service was good and very accommadating to our request. We will definitely go back!Great 1st time experience w/ my family! We got a bunch of different dishes & just shared everything. The kimchi here is great. I would say that if you're not familiar w/ Korean food to start by trying the kalbi or bulgogi (beef) with rice or bi bim bap (mixed rice, beef, vegetables w/ a spicy sauce). During happy hour they gave us 'buy 1 get 1 free' beer which was awesome. I'll definitely be back hereFinding good Korean food is really difficult in AZ, however Korean BBQ is consistently good. The interior certainly isn't fancy, but I care more about the food than the ambiance on an average night. The Kimchi and other side dishes are very tasty, (the kimchi's spiciness isn't dialed down for American taste buds) the Jap Chae is absolutely delicious, and I have never been let down by their Gal Bi. They have Soju that is worth drinking as well as a couple Korean beers and you can always ask the extremely friendly waitress or owners for a recommendation. I have been to Korean BBQ many times in the past and intend to return in the future.Kalbi is very good. My kids love the Kim bap but they only have it available half the time. The panjan never disappoints. Service isn't the friendliest, but I challenge anyone to find me a friendly Korean joint.I went here for lunch and was surprised to find myself as the only person in the restaurant.  One of the humerous things that I found as I walked in was a sign that advertised karoke all day every day.  I'm not a huge karoke fan, but my wife is, so this will have to be another dinner visit another time.  The service was extremely friendly and timely, unlike some others have reported, so that was a pleasant surprise.  I ordered the beef bulgogi for lunch. As one would expect a host of side dishes arrived before the main dish.  Most were the type of vegetable sides that would be expected, although there were a few surprises.  The kimchi (two different types) were a little more mild than I normally prefer, but still tasty. One of the surprises that was a new thing to me was a brown, firm, starchy sort of thing that looked like a symetrical cross section of a sea sponge.  It was tasty, although a little odd to look at.  The beef bulgogi arrived in short order and was quite good and ample for a lunch price and portion, especially with the large cup of rice that accompanied it.  No major surpises in terms of flavors for typical Korean BBQ.  I was invited to come back for dinner and was promised that the table-top BBQ units are in use and the menu consists of cook at your table selections of meats.  I'll definitely return to try dinner and for another run at lunch to try some of the other menu items.Food was really good here! Just wish there was more of it for the price. We all left full, but I'm just used to bigger portions when we go out for KBBQ. I understand what the other people were saying about the service, but it didn't bother me that much. The waitress was really nice and I just let her know whenever we needed help because she was doing like so many other things... Definitely planning to come back here!!First, let me say that I came here expecting it to be like the Korean BBQ in Los Angeles. It was not... They cook it for you and it wasn't that great. The staff was nice. It just wasn't the experience I was hoping for.It was a Monday night and I was craving Korean food. I arrived to the restaurant 30 minutes to closing, but they still welcomed me warmly. I really wanted Sol Long Tang, but they said it wasn't available. I got a Kalbi Tang instead wanting some sort of brothy meal. My server who is also part owner chatted with me and was so kind to make sure everything was okay with the food. When the owners really show that they care about their customers, it makes such a big difference. The ban chan was very tasty with 6 different little dishes and a few Korean pancakes. My kalbi tang was extremely flavorful and satisfying. I ordered a bibimbap to go and it was equally as delicious eaten the next day.So....This review is hard to write. First and foremost the reason I keep going back is the waitress. I dont know her name but she is super nice! The place itself is shockingly tacky. Every time I go one more letter of the neon sign out front has burned out. It is down to only the K and the O.  I always think of Bar rescue when Im there. This place has so much potential that is wasted. I feel sorry for the waitress..she will have like 8 tables before the owner lady finally comes to help her. Sad.  Yes...and they do always have pluming issues.This place is a like a puppy that is so ugly that it is cute. I cant explain my affection for it.

You purchase your tickets at the back of the arcade in the New York New York. Prices are $10 if you are a local (normally $14). Technically we aren't locals, but we had our Nevada IDs out, so they gave us the local price anyway.  All loose items, like purses, glasses, etc., need to be put into a locker before getting on the coaster; each locker costs $0.50, so be sure to bring some coins.

It was a nice way to spend a day getting pampered.New spa with great deals. I've already had two 90 minute massages. Ask for Joseph, he's great, listens and pays attention to what you need. Two thumbs up, I highly recommend him if you're looking for a new masseuse, this is a good place to go.Came to Nevada to celebrate my birthday and found this wonderful spa to begin my celebration. David and Jennifer massaged my husband and I and we both throughly enjoyed our relaxing massage. Great and friendly service from everyone. Worth every cent!!!10 to Oppulence, 8 for Reception and first impression of facility (still has the "just opened" feeling to me), 10 as recommendation for others to try.  Staff knowledge and assistance is far superior to initial presentation.  All in all, a pearl in the oyster for our neighborhood!  Thank you for upgrading services in GV to those available at high-end strip casinos (easily comparable to the Canyon Spa at Four Seasons/Mandalay Bay; less ornate, but on par service-wise). Thank you, again!Brunel is cute and quirky, but don't plan on spending a Sunday afternoon there reading the papers or anything!It's easy to miss it, but if you start at the end of the canal that's near Fountainbridge and walk along it on the right hand side, you'll very shortly come to the pea-green canal boat just before the lift-bridge.You can go inside or take away. To go inside, just hop aboard and go through the wee doors! Boarding a canal boat is not easy for the malcoordinated or otherwise ungainly, so watch out for that. Inside is extremely compact, as you would expect. There's a small two-person table at one and end a couple of armchairs at the other end, with a coffee machine in the middle.Because it's so compact inside, there's not much space to stretch out and the wee furniture isn't very comfy. Apparently they put seats on the canalside in the summer, so that will probably make things a good deal more tolerable.The coffee is delicious, although only in disposable cups. The cakes look great and are all home made. If you're going for a walk along the canal, I definitely recommend wetting your beak at Brunel.This place popped on my radar when I say Sara C check in to a barge cafe. Always the one for something cute and quirky, I immediately bookmarked it. When I saw Clarissa's photos, I thought - dang, this place is adorable - and made a point to pop by ASAP.So on my way to my nail appointment last week, I stopped by for a flat white. It definitely lives up to it's quirky reputation. This spot is just kitsch enough to be charming and the fact that they serve up a decent coffee? Happy times all around. I was in a rush, so I didn't get to poke around but I made a mental note to make this a go to spot in the summer. I'm not sure if the inside seating here would be comfortable enough to plunk down for any length of time, but if the rumours of outside seating are true, it's going to be a perfect place to wile away an afternoon come summer.Nice little addition to the Edinburgh coffee scene and an instagrammers dream.One day I spied a fellow Yelper proclaiming the oddest thing: there was a canal boat selling coffee and snacks in Union Canal. Say whaa? As a landlocked Tennessee gal, I'd never heard of such a fanciful notion. Obviously, the only thing to do is that I would have to sniff out this place, you know, for science.So without further ado, I dragged the SO along one midmorning to do some canal boat investigatin'. Brunel is perfectly easy to find, and ever so close to our gym at Fountainbridge that it's a perfect stop in the area for us. For any who might be ambling down the canal walk, taking a bike ride, or just exploring, this is an excellent pit stop location if you fancy a good coffee or pastry from an adorable location!The only problem with Brunel exists in its inherent smallness. While hubs and I did manage to get seats inside the wee boat our first day there, it felt a bit too smooshed for us to really open up and get stretched-out comfortable sitting inside, especially when others were also present. Not only that, but it does feel a bit treacherous weaving up and down the small stairs to board. Still, sitting in a canal boat is a positively novel experience for me, and I enjoyed the heck out of my flat white and pain au chocolat while checking out the cute interior-of-a-canal-boat decor. The canal boat attendant(?) was very approachable and friendly. I left feeling very chuffed: a canal boat! Serving coffee! Imagine!I've since been back once to pop in at the window and collect a flat white to go, and even that service was excellent. I mean. Did I mention that it's a canal boat? Serving coffee??Frankly, I can't wait till warmer days when I can sit outside Brunel and enjoy some treats alongside the canal. It's a lovely spot, a lovely business and did I mention how good the flat whites are? Yep, it's safe to say I'm sold!You know the drill - 1, 2, 3 - Atmosphere, Food, & Service :)Atmosphere: Love it ... simple, clean, functional.  It's a pace you come in, grab a table, and order yourself up some bagles.  This particular location on the corner of Maisonneuve & Makay is new - so the place does need some more time to grow into itself - but the decor the owners chose to go with indicates that they want to keep things simple & cleanFood: You definitely get what you came in for.  Bagles - more that two dozen kinds of Bagel "Sandwiches" - your Atlantic, Alaskan, Vegi, Bacon etc. Ingredients are super fresh - which is the reason you'll come in.  The bagels used are St. Viateur made but the owner (Mr. Hinnawi) is hoping to start making his own soon ... hmmm ambitious.  Prices are reasonable (about less than $10 for a bagel topped with your choice + coffee + chips)Service: very minimal but courteous - food brought to your table (Mr. Hinnawi again) and he is considerate to take time out every so often to check on his dinners - on a Saturday morning with not much of a rush this works perfectly and give one a sense of serenity to enjoy in peace :)Should you go? Yes absolutely! It's a non-serious place for the non-serious or those looking to just unplug a bit!Filling the shoes of a former Second Cup-come-student copy shop on the PRIME Concordia ajascent corner of Mackay and DeMaisoneuve, Hinnawi Bros unremarkable exterior reveals a surprisingly cosy "Snack & Study" spot.Reasonable prices, free Wifi (and power outlets), original art, and good coffee all work towards making this cafe a success. The "Petit Quebec" sandwich with chips and small, beautifully crafted late came to $5.75, less than half the price of the fare at my usual study spot up the street. Sandwiches, all made on Montreal style bagels are served in pub-style baskets with waxed paper. Not the most stylish of présentoirs, but gets the job done! They have a wide variety of sandwiches, salads, and assiettes to accommodate a breadth of tastes both omnivorous and vegetarian.In proud café style, the artwork adorning the walls is original, of professional caliber AND for sale. A logical move considering its close proximity to Concordias and fine arts department. A win-win situation for both the cafe and the artists!I have only minor disappointments concerning Hinnawi Bros, both easily fixed! The cafes table layout is uninspired. 2-seater tables currently entered down the length of the space could be placed against the wall, easily transforming them to larger 4 seater spots. Take it a step further and build cosy booths! The other minor irritation is the fact that the outer door opens directly into the cafe letting the FREEZING winter air in! Again, easily fixed with a decorative "vestibule" curtain.I look forward to the evolution of this cafe, and its eventual summer expansion to the buildings patio area, which will hopefully help the business ordinary exterior more close resemble its potentially extraordinary interior!Visiting Montreal, I had to try one of their famous bagels. Unlike a NY bagel, these are smaller, crustier and more dense. A little bit of cream cheese along with a cappuccino and you're set to start your day. The staff at Hinnawi Bros are exceptionally accommodating and friendly, unlike many quick-serve establishments. Try a bit of the 'zatar' sprinkled on your cream cheese bagel. It is an aromatic mix of sesame seeds, cumin, thyme, oregano and other herbs that, at first, seemed a bit strong but really made the senses dance with delight. Don't forget to have their fresh-squeezed orange juice with your meal!I forgot to mention they also exhibit artwork from local artists, a great way to help talented people establish themselves.On our last morning in Montreal we decided to stop here for a quick bite before our drive back to NYC. We had $25 left in Canadian currency and wanted to use it all before leaving Canada. My boyfriend ordered a bagel with smoked beef plus ginger tea kombucha and I got this combo (montrealis bagel with chips, salad and a small coffee). I wanted a latte and the cashier said it was fine to replace the coffee with a latte without extra charge. All this was a bit over 25 dollars and we were able to charge the rest on a credit card, woo! Food was delicious, loved how they sliced the tomatoes and cucumbers really thin so that my bagel wasn't falling apart when I took a bite into it. If I were a native I would come here all the time to work and drink coffee :) Thanks for the wonderful last meal in Montreal! Merci Beaucoup!I've walked by this place I don't know many hundreds of times on my way to school. Now that I finally have walked into this place and tried a delicious bagel as well as a yummy coffee I feel like I've been missing out. The bagel I tried was called the Romain with prosciutto, mozzarella, tomato and pesto :) There were so many options conveniently written on the wall behind the cash that I definitely have to return to try a few more. Each of the bagel plates automatically come with some chips which were plain Ruffles from what I could tell and I wish I could have had only the bagel... But overall it is a cute place to eat with friendly staff and a large selection of delicious bagels. If you have a craving for a yummy sandwich I definitely recommend this place.Nice and cozy place. In a rush the service is really slow. I ordered the "sherbrooke" its a bagel with avocado,salad,cheese and chicken. It took 40mins until i received my order. Ignoring the slow service during rush hours, the staff is really friendly and the bagels are worth the wait because they're amaaaaazing.Wasn't the traditional NY breakfast I was looking for but I think I didn't understand the place before I got there. This place is more of a cafe than a bagel store, regardless my breakfast was pretty tasty. Everything was done well, coffee of course was great and it was by far the cheapest breakfast I had the whole time.Really good breakfast place . They make fresh juices and coffee as well. Delicious Authentic Montreal bagels and fresh bagel sandwiches.I'm shocked at all the negative reviews on Yelp. When I used Explore Cruise for booking my Disney cruise in the spring of 2012, my experience was fantastic. At the time, I was a direct employee of USAA in San Antonio. We used to refer members to Explore all the time and I had never heard of one negative experience, hence the reason I used them myself and my discounts were no different than any other member.The representative that I worked with did a great job of finding a great deal for us compared to what I could find on my own with Expedia, Orbitz, Priceline, etc..I don't know what has happened in recent times in terms of using their service, but I can honestly say my experience was definitely a positive one.Love this chapel! Great location right by the courthouse downtown! Most Las Vegas chapels are cheesy and old, not Lucky Little Chapel! It's stunning... my husband and I got beautiful photos!!My husband and i got married here on Sept 2nd 2015. We were running late due to traffic and the staff were nothing but kind and helpful. After reading reviews on yelp i had no idea how close they were to the courthouse where you need to get your license before your ceremony or else you can not  be married. I was shocked it was literally around the corner and the court house stays open late.  So if your running late no worries everything is near and it is all fairly quickly. Also you have to pay the minister $55 to perform your ceremony. I highly recommend this place and cant stress enough to buy a photo package. We did the $77 wedding deal and it only came we 7 photos. Definitely too pretty of a place to only have 7 photos.The Only reason why I gave 4 Stars was  because I did not get an option of choosing the 7 photos that came with the  $77 wedding deal. I had my father who traveled far to see me get married Walk me down the aisle and none of the 7 photos I got had him in it. I guess I should have mentioned it but, Why wouldn't someones father walking them down the aisle be a photo to give the bride. Other than that the place, the staff and the process was great. Not on the strip but worth the small trip. Happiest Day of my Life!!I love this theater! I prefer this theater over any others that I have been too. I always get great service! There are hardly ever long lines to wait in and you don't have to show up 1hr early to get a good seat. It is getting really run down which I would like to see it get fixed back up. Since B&B took over it has really gotten run down. But the quality of the movies and the service I have received has always been good.Just got home from seeing Star Wars at the Gateway IMAX. It was great!  REALLY liked the theater. Great, comfortable seats, popcorn was fresh and tasty, picture and sound were first rate. Gotta say we were surprised after reading the other reviews here. Place seemed as clean and well run as any of the Harkins theaters. Only caution is that they are a bit lightly staffed. I would be sure to arrive early.Sunday, 31 January 2016:  Overall, we rate the whole experience a solid 4.       Generally speaking, when rating the theater AS A WHOLE, I think anything over 4 or below 3 would be disingenuous.  Obviously, if someone received unusually superior or bad service, then naturally one might rate it 1 or 5 based solely on that or similar unusual things, which is fine as long as it is stated as such.  Rating everything has terrible or horrible based on 1 or 2 issues seems disingenuous. SERVICE:We watched The 5th Wave this evening in Cinema 9.  Attendance was very light and so we cannot give you any idea what a more normal night might be like.  There was only 1 person each selling tickets and  concessions, but that was all that was needed. I was not given the option of a Military Discount online and so we had to exchange our tickets upon arrival for a partial refund. I called the theater as soon as I purchased the 4 tickets.  I was referred to the  "manager", Justin, who was polite, friendly and accommodating. Justin said it would be no problem. We arrived 30 minutes early because we wanted to get good seats and had no idea what traffic might be like.  The young lady selling tickets did not know how to exchange the tickets and referred me to the manager behind the concessions.  She seemed genuinely cheery and friendly with a natural warmth.  I have worked in customer service most of my life.  In my experience, maybe 1 out of 20 people in customer service have this gift, not including me. When we got up to concessions and asked for Justin, a young man with a tie and vest said Justin had just left.  I explained what happened to him and he quickly and efficiently assisted me without further questioning on the matter. He didn't even ask me for my military ID.  He was also friendly and accommodating.  CONCESSIONS:My sister and hubby, who were visiting us, bought a Combo #1, very large popcorn and very large soda (at least 44oz), for $12.75 and I bought a large soda for $7.??  Both were a bit expensive in my opinion.  Nonetheless, 3 out of 4 of us stuffed ourselves with the very large bag of popcorn and half of the refill.  I wished we hadn't gotten the refill because I can't stop eating good popcorn until I am stuffed.  The popcorn quality was on par with Harkins, which I really like. The young man working concessions was friendly with a helpful attitude. CLEANLINESS/CONDITION:The theater was very clean and appeared in very good condition from the outside and in the main concessions area and behind the concessions counter.   Cinema #9 was not clean.  Apparently, they do not clean between each movie, though it wasn't too bad at this point.  The seating, however, was very poor in appearance.  Some of the  upholstery did not appear to match. A few armrests had torn material and some seats were cracked or ripped.  Very substandard. We all agreed that the seating had to be older than the theater.  We are assuming that the most recent owners took out what my wife and I thought we remember as premium seating and replaced it with some very sub par seating. It was reasonably comfortable at least. My brother-in-law says the men's room he used, just before the exit, was average in cleanliness for theaters and my sister said the women's room she used was above average in cleanliness. Neither I nor my wife used the restrooms. Sound and screen quality were both great. None of us noticed any issues. However, in one scene when there was almost complete silence for most of about 30 seconds or more, we could barely hear the sound from one of the other theaters.  That was annoying.  My brother-in-law says he noticed a slight off-smell in the theater, but he was not sure what it was. Neither my wife, who has a very sensitive nose, nor myself or my sister noticed any smells. VALUE:They need to do a little better on pricing in our opinion.  In order to do that, they probably need to do better on marketing. Catch-22.  If it wasn't for the Military Discount, we would not likely return very often unless we thought Harkins would be too crowded.  We certainly loved no waiting and that there were only about 15-20 people at our showing.Watched  the movie in IMAX. Awesome.. Love the chairs even the arms swing out of the way. Kids even laid down when it got boring for them.First of all this opened 15 hours ago. The wait was not that long considering I ordered a crate w/cheese (100 sliders w/cheese). The manager maintained eye contact with everyone on line (less than 20 people at 530am). I seen over 400 burgers leave in the 15 minutes I was there. The place was clean and I could not smell smoke (it's inside a casino).I first had the honor of noshing on these edible miracles, while attending the U or MN (Twin Cities), beginning in 1969 (Sliders were 12¢/each, then).  I had a "dry spell" (living W of the Mississippi River) until I visited NYC in 1976.  Since then, none.Now, it's like a prayer has been answered in my favor, and I can once again re-live my college days, even though I am now 65 and can't down the 20 I used to put away at a single visit in the 1970s.I have a friend in Meadview AZ who's more "addicted" to them than I am, so if he has HIS way, I'm sure he'll be traveling the 218 round-trip miles every weekend, and crying when that's not possible.While I'm glad they have finally opened an outlet in the Las Vegas Valley, I only have one question regarding that:WHY didn't you open one here, in the 1970s?Okay I was just strolling down memory lane and 5 W.C.B.s later (W.C.B. = White Castle BURGERS I refuse to call them "sliders")I had successfully completed my flash back to the early 90's, and the last time I went to a White Castle. The one closest to my Pennsylvania home closed due to fire, and I had since moved to Vegas.I see a lot of bad ratings about this place and while I can see how some people might feel, I think they got it all wrong. I mean you can't compare it to anything else which some do talking about how you can get bigger better burgers. You don't come here for a double double, you don't come here for a 1/2 lb patty. These are White Castle sliders. This is what you come here for. These mini perfect two bite sliders steamed on a bed of onions.The next complaint I hear is about the price being more expensive then back east. This is the Las Vegas strip. It's not cheap to be here. Let them make their money. It's not insane. Meals are about $8-$10. A damn McDonald's meal can come out to almost $7 or $8 off the strip, give them a break! In fact it's the same price or maybe even a little cheaper than when it comes to the foodie festival and no one complains about that. And this is a legit White Castle. Not a truck just serving the sliders.The sliders are the real deal. The sides are good, small, but good. The service is impeccable. Even with long lines you get your food in 5-10 minutes. I got mines in 3. It's kept as clean as possible considering the crowd that comes through here.The bottom line is this is secured in my places to eat at and I'm more than thankful to have it so close to me. The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the casino it's in, and the type of crowd that comes from that casino. You'll see what I mean. To get an idea, as I write this review, there have been literally thousands of people who have gone here and only 55 yelp reviews. So they're not exactly the courteous foodie type.But it's White Castle, and it's here, the farthest west it's ever been. Try it. Love it. Carry on.Oh my...As a person who has at times struggled with weight I have to say that going to the Las Vegas White Castle location was the biggest boost of self confidence.The average circumference of the people that were there to eat was over the morbidly obese range...one guy had a gut that was drooping over his shorts.  And I saw a few order the 100 burger box...I actually couldn't help myself but stare several times...I felt instant guilt and wondered how many children in the Philippines were hungryI liked the burgers but after seeing what can't be unseen...I won't be going back and I'll be heading to church to pray and to the gym to runIt's White Castle! Remember the novelty of this place when I lived on east coast. Better burger options here in Vegas, but had a since of nostalgia for me.Food was alright. I don't understand all the hype. The pricing wasn't bad at all considering it's on the strip. I would go back. My children really enjoyed themselvesSo here we have it, the very first Castle of The Sliders to open shop west of the Mississippi River. Now if you come here expecting a charbroiled masterpiece akin to Five Guys or In-N-Out, you've come to the wrong place. *side-eyeing most of the other reviewers here* It's not the highest quality food around and none of the nostalgic Midwesterners and East Coasters are saying it is either. What it is, is a place for "cheap," late night grub after a debaucherous night out. An experience amplified by booze or "greens" so to speak. And now, thanks to Harold & Kumar, a meme in of itself. There's a whole novelty associated with it that up until now couldn't be experience by people on the West Coast. THAT'S what the big deal is, so if you fail to comprehend, care to spare us of the elitism?Since this was a late night trip, I was able to walk right in. It was nice to see how fast they were working at getting food out for people. I was taken aback by the prices, but I guess it's to be expected since it's on The Strip and most people on this side of the country wouldn't know any better either way. I must say, the fresh white castle sliders were a step up from the frozen ones. The cheese was nice and melted, with fresh minced onion and topped off with a super sweet pickle. The chicken rings were tasty too. The fries were just plain ol' crinkle cut fries so not anything special. Fittingly the place is located in Casino Royale, home to the cheapest bar on the strip. I need to make a point to get a good buzz going there before stumbling into white castle. That way I can get the full, well rounded experience.The FInal VerdictPros:

GOOD PRICES

Their pasta (think we got the alfredo) - was also pretty tasty. their drinks are the size of your head - if NYC's major saw the size of these glasses, him and his soda tax would have a field day.Staff is young, probably all local college students, but all very friendly.would i come back? yes - but there are just so many other restaurants to try first though in the area.I believe this to be the best pizza in the area. It's nice to know not every place in phoenix NEEDS to promote having a brick oven. I don't care about brick ovens, I care about having a quarter inch of cheeseHad the bruschetta for an appetizer and the big run pasta and thin crust pizza for entees.  Both were great!!  The service was excellent.  The pizza takes a little while but is worth the wait.We stop by Oregano's the other day and i was really impress with the Roasted Garlic Chicken Lasagna and BOOM Dip, which is spinach, artichokes dip.  I like the pizza but try the lasagna and you wouldnt be sorry!Cheese bread was on point! The Chicago stuff pizza was pretty good, just took over 50 min to come out. Friendly staff and didn't have to wait too long for a table. Would recommend this place.Food was delicious! Perfect amount of spices and it def was filling. The service was great as well and I will definitely be back :)I stopped by their Tempe location for lunch yesterday, and this place fills up quick.  I can understand why.I really like the Chicago influenced ambiance.  The staff were great as well.I ordered the orgenanos favorite salad, and its regular size is huge.  The salad itself was very good, but couldn't come close to finishing it due to its sheer size.  It's a pretty neat place, and I would go back.Save room for the pizza cookie!!  Food here is delicious but its big portions!  I've always had great service at any of their locations.  Great Italian atmosphere.  Can't wait to visit again!My husband and I stay in Tempe every January and February on our way to and from Maui. A few years ago, a hotel employee recommended Oregano's and we've been returning ever since. Patio dining in winter is a real novelty for us (We live in RI). We enjoy the garden or Kale Caesar salad, followed by a delicious pesto pizza. Relaxing ambience and friendly waitstaff complete the dining experience. Looking forward to our next visit!Extremely friendly customer service from Carli at the Togo counter.  Helped me choose favorites. I had the Big Rig Pasta, includes rigatoni pasta covered with a tomato chipotle cream sauce, chopped basil, diced Roma tomatoes, Parmesan. It was flavorful,  and does have a kick. I added the meatballs,  and I'm glad I did,  they were delicious.  Ordered a dinner salad,  pretty basic.... I wouldn't get again.  I took my food to go, however the restaurant was very busy with people waiting at 8pm on a Tuesday,  impressive. Thanks Oregano!This is an awesome place!We came here for pre-race carb-loading two years in a roll before Ironman Arizona. They are very accommodating for the big groups. They also let you know the deep dish pizza will take long ahead of time so we can adjust what we want accordingly. Everything here comes in big size! Sharing with friends is the best way to go.This Oregano somehow stands out among all in the valley, may be for the ambience, locality and the wait staff.All the wait staff recommendations on our first visit were awesome, no complaints, true to the taste as mentioned, very flavorful, and encouraged me to try them again.This is as good as it gets. We sat outside in a nice weather, which was a plus point.I would strongly recommend this place.The thin crust pizza is amazing. The salads are huge and tasty. The meatballs are so delicious. The calamari is different but very good. We also tried the wings with honey bbq sauce The service is superb!  I recommend this place highly.This is my second time coming to this location for lunch.  I got the Bollo Pasta both times with salad and meat sauce.  WOW!  Enough food to feed an army and I get to take a full plate home!? YES!  Combine that with the load of cheese sprinkled on top the pasta and salad, I'm pretty much in heaven!  The wait staff was nice too.Why not 5 stars?  Parking is not great, it's always crowded and the service is on the slower side (probably due to the hoards of people here at lunchtime).  And also, my friend got the Big ol' Slice and I was very sad for her as the crust was so thin it was non-existent.  She left hungry but it was a relatively inexpensive meal as a whole.  Pizza slice $2.99 +.99 per topping; salad $2.79; Bollo Pasta $5.99 + .99 for meat sauce for EACH serving of pasta. I'll be back to try other stuff on the lunch menu.In town for work and was told that this was the ONE place I had to eat at while in Tempe. Although it's a Monday night, the place was packed and I found the one empty barstool to have a drink and place my to-go order. Saw a group of people order this frozen delicious looking drink, so I did the same. It ended up being the Gibbilini Bellini and it was tasty. I decided to order the El Diablo Shrimp Pasta and then proceeded to wait. And wait. And wait some more. I saw a to-go order come out and get sat on the counter, but was told mine would be a few more minutes. Fast forward to a few more minutes and guess what? That one was mine.Now for the pros and cons of the dish. The shrimp was huge and looked amazing, but ended up being overcooked and chewy. Overall, it was SPICY. The menu says it has a "kick". Yeah, that's putting it mildly. It's been ten minutes since I finished eating and my mouth still feels like it's on fire. I'm convinced they took jalapeño and rubbed it on every single piece of pasta before they gave it to me! Other than that, the garlic bread was buttery and toasted just the right amount.I'm inclined to try it again while I'm here, especially with the amount of people that were there. Next time when I read "kick", I'll stay away though!Above average food, fun atmosphere, very good service, fun theme.  Great value.  Pizza was good, pesto pasta dish was good, Caesar Salad was huge and could be a meal by itself.  A great place for a casual diner and some wine.An East Valley Icon, Oreganos is a place you must visit once. The Pizza and Pasta selection is unparalleled at least in the Tempe area. It's also one of the few more authentic places here as well. My favorite entree is Called Alfredo the Dark. The service here is great too. My group was supposed to be 7 but a few extra people showed up and they were able to accommodate us with ease. I think the cookie ice cream desert is the real reason I come here though. I know it as the pizookie from BJ's but I'm sure the wait staff will know what you mean. It's a great place for groups in general.Meandering around the Mill Avenue District it's not surprising to find this catch-all type of store that caters to the local ASU student body.Here you can find all sorts of chatskas - shot glasses, snacks and soft drinks, t-shirts and hoodies with the ASU emblem, change purses, etc. Definitely not a boutique - but a functional place to get stuff.My best friend collects college sweatshirts and has been begging me for an ASU one. As I was walking down Mill Avenue to get to the lightrail today I saw this place and wandered inside. It not only sells ASU clothes, there is also food, drinks, cigarettes, and pretty much anything else you could need as a college student. I found the perfect sweatshirt for my friend, for the fraction of the price you would pay at the bookstore and elsewhere, and thus left a happy camper.A mix between a convenience store with everything you could possibly need and a retail shop stocked with ASU gear. I met the owner, Mike Jennings and he says he tries his best to keep the prices low. Great tactic for repeat customers. They have drinks and snacks if  you're in a hurry. I like the selection of ASU gifts and apparel. They've got it all!They have a lot of ASU shirts for pretty good prices. They aren't the same quality as a nike shirt but if you don't feel like dropping $35 on a t-shirt at dicks and you're in the area it's worth checking out.They also have a ton of ASU decals.This is one of those places you stumble upon when you're looking for a costume for a party thrown by the greatest website that ever existed.  (no shameful plugs here).  I went into this store to rent a costume for a western themed party and what a treat it was.This small store is tucked away in a very unassuming small shopping plaza on the southeast corner of University and McKinley (A block east of Hardy).   You have probably driven by this plaza 100 Million billion times and never noticed it, but once you've been there, each time you pass by, you look over there and think, "Oh, there's that little shop of horrors right over there."  Yep, little shop of horrors!  Why you ask?  This store kinda reminds me of a horror film.  First I walk in and there are pictures hanging on the walls of this very narrow front room.  Shoes and hats galore are on display making the space seem even more narrow.  I walk toward the back slowly as no one is in the front room and I call out, "is anyone here?"  I kid you not, I thought I'd walked in on the set of Friday the 13th.  Very spooky and creepy in there, but isn't that JUST the right place to buy or rent a costume!  I met the owner.  What a nice man.  He showed me his catalog of costumes.  He showed me his many pics, a great deal of the pics of costumes were of him in them!  I looked through the cow girl costumes and thought the selection was great.  There was at least costume that I had an interest in.  I was informed that the rental was around $50 and the deposit was $50.  I did not rent one of their costumes because I decided to go with my own costume at home, but I will go there when I have a need for other costumes that I don't keep readily in my closet, ie for the Renaissance Festival!!!  This place was fantastic.  I highly recommend it.Check them out.I can't really comment on how this location was before the remodel but I can compare it to the 200+ DDs I've been in during my life...and for one outside of the Northeast it does a pretty good job. And god knows its better than Starbucks. I've never experienced an extended wait or a line and I've always had my order delivered to me in a timely fashion. The don't toast the English muffin on the breakfast sandwich automatically, as has been my experience everywhere else, so make sure to request it. It makes all the difference in the world. The donuts themselves are not nearly as large as they should be. (The largest ones I've ever seen are the ones at the DD on the corner of Mass Ave and Haviland St...they are seriously the size of bread plates) the glazed donuts should have more glaze but they will make do if you are craving something sweet. They also offer something here called long johns? I've never seen those, or heard of them before, but they look like long rectangular Boston cremes. My main reason for stopping in here is to get tea and hot chocolate, which never disappoint. Unlike the DD near where we used to live in N. Scottsdale this one serves hot chocolate the proper way- out of a machine baby. Since this location is on my way to campus at the moment I will definitely continue to stop there. Once the light rail is up and I'm taking that in I'll switch over to the Mill Ave location.Again, I'm trying to mix things up again on my end, and since Gold Bar was packed with no seating, I decided to go elsewhere and get my internet and coffee on.  This place is a little out of the way for me, but they offer free wifi, have great hours and serve donuts!!!!!  Hooray for donuts!The place is small.  Counter seating only and its limited.  Parking is adaquet, and considering its a Sunday afternoon, an open seat is always a sight to see.Service here is fine, and their donut selection is decent considering how late in the day it is for these guys. I don't go to Dunkin Donuts often, but thier always there when I need them.  I love the free wifi too!  hooray!The one downside to this whole thing??  ITS FREEZING IN HERE.  I feel like I'm in a morgue its so dam cold.  Anyways, I will be back!!I'm not normally a huge fan of reviewing chain businesses, but after checking in and perusing the reviews for this Dunkin' I couldn't help but jump in.  I live a stone's throw away, and as a result it has become a fixture of mine on my way to North Phoenix for work.  The lines are definitely scary in the morning, but much to my surprise they move a lot quicker than I would think.Despite the vast number of people, the super friendly employees have memorized my drink, and always help out with a smile.  Thank you DD for jerking me into consciousness in the morning!When you stare at the walls of a cubicle 40 hours a week, you just have to get out. Lunch time is sacred. It is my time to sit with my iPhone and catch up on Yahoo news stories (the ones I didn't finish reading at work).  To save money, I bring lunch a lot of the time, but can't digest properly in a business environment. Living in Phoenix, the summer is too hot to eat outside without shade. And there is NO SHADE. Enter: Dunkin Donuts. Since most eating establishments will not let you eat your lunch there without purchasing something, I always find myself buying a subpar smoothie or an overpriced bottle of Pepsi (and NO ONE carries the Throwback). Dunkin Donuts has shaded outdoor seating, partially obstructed by the wall so employees can't see you using their tables. Each is equipped with an umbrella AND is under an overhang. Talk about thorough. When the temperatures reach over 115, they even turn on the misters. They offer free Wi-Fi as well, though my phone doesn't seem to want to mooch from it. The downside is that it is very close to the traffic of Priest Drive, making it difficult to hear the episode of 30 Rock I am streaming on the Netflix app. ESPECIALLY when Alec Baldwin delivers his gems of dialogue. The cramp that I get from cupping my hand around the speaker to add a little volume is giving me carpal tunnel, making it nearly impossible for me to go back to work (is what I think I will tell my boss). That may be remedied if I find my headphones, but how can I be sure?  Also the 3G coverage is spotty, so that Wi-Fi would be delightful if I could access it. All in all, a decent place to spend my lunch break. The food and service? Who knows. I bought a donut once, and it was stale. Once more, and it was fine. 50% ain't bad. They seem relatively nice in there too... at least until they notice me soon and chase me off their porch like a raccoon.In comparison with the one on Scottsdale Rd., this has a better service. All the times I've been here, they have good service, all is in the bag. The only thing this place is missing is more room. Other than that, I enjoy to stop there once in a while.Nice customer service with a clean environment..I like that the store crew try to make the best of it with lines to the door..I go almost every day and the bosses always have a smile on their faces make you want to come back..Also like how the bosses are always trying to keep the line moving..only bad thing i have to say to small the building ..New to the neighborhood and just found out that you need to get here early. Don't let the line intimidate you either. Better be ready with your order if you have not been here before.I love their french vanilla iced coffee. I also like that they have almond milk. The turkey sausage flat bread is amazing. This location is fast and friendly. Of course the doughnuts are good too.Not a bad substitute for All About Books and Comics. Probably the second best comics shop in Phoenix-Valley.  It has sort of the same vibe to it as AABC but with a trendier younger crowd as its next to ASU. Non-crampy and good layout.  Comics are in good condition and there are plenty of back issues.  The sales staff were helpful but not pushy. At the same time, they were not really friendly and you had no interest getting to know these people on a personal level.  I definitely recommend them over Atomic Comics for their service and over Samurai for their space. Still, it's no match for AABC.  Although close, their volumeof back issues is still lacking compared to AABC and in regards to new issues, you better get there that first week because they don't order enough new issues.My only complaint about this place is that they NEVER open on time.  One time I psyched myself up and I was like, "Okay, Sunday... I'm buying a comic," and they opened like an hour late.  I assumed they were out of business so I went home and I was going to call and see if I got a message that said they were sorry, but unfortunately closed due to blah blah blah.  Someone answered, to my shock, so I biked my ass down there and finally got me some comics.It's not that big of a deal because I'm lazy too.  I know how it goes.  Plus, Casey Moore's is right there.  I used my idle time to have a couple beers.  It's a cool place.  If you don't know what to get, ask the dude working at the register what you're into and you'll leave the store with an obscure comic you've never heard of but in the end are glad you finally learned about it.I bought two comics... one, a comedic, indie masterpiece called The Fart Party, which I thought was the FRAT Party until I got home.  I'm glad it's fart because I don't like frats much, but farting is normal, human and appeals to my inner immaturity.  The second comic I bought was called Dogs & Water which is a surreal journey into I don't even know what the fuck.  It was awesome, though.It's great to browse, too.  I used to be a huge Spider-Man fan when I was in my youth and spent a good hour looking at Spider-Man comics and parts of an incomplete series I had when I was like twelve.  So good.  I'm going to be back and, by God, I'm gonna get me some Spider-Man comics.Good place.  Knowledgeable staff.  Only complaint is they didn't have all the issues from the Wed. new comic day on Friday.  I keep reading about still having stuff on the shelf...but I wasn't able to get about 4 issues from the weeks releases.  That disappointed me a little.  The subscription plan as described to me...not the worst I've heard about in the area thus far...but not the best I've experienced (Acme Comics in Normal, IL had a better program and is becoming the watermark for how I judge a subscription program).  Good place, definitely worth a visit.I would give Ash Avenue Comics 5 stars, except that they don't open promptly at noon. On new release day I don't want to be waiting to buy my favorite comics. However, it's easy to find the newly released comics and previous week's releases. The staff knows what's good and can recommend you to the top writer's of the genre. I've never been disappointed...except when I had to wait for the doors to open.In a sea of comic book stores that are going out of business Ash Avenue Comics has weathered the storm. This shop is so much like the ones I used to love as a kid. Comics and merchandise stretch from floor to ceiling. Unlike the stores I used to visit as a kid though the store is well lit, doesn't smell like BO and the staff is both knowledgeable and friendly.Enjoyed my time at Ash Avenue comics the other dayI am not huge on comic book reader but I just popped in to see what was going on in this joint There seems to be a pretty good selection from magazines to graphic novels

Starter - Foie gras --- Yes even though I'm a proud supporter of  PETA , I couldn't help to feel just a bit bad about ordering this.  But once I tasted it, all my concerns were gone.  This stuff was outstanding.  This was very rich but the wine (Conundrum) paired very well to cut some of the richness.  Only complain I had was that it only came with 2 pieces of toast.  The foie portion it self was big but had to use the bread on the table in order to finish the dish.  Would have love some more of the toast.Main - American Wagyu (rib eye my fav. cut)  bar none the best rib eye I've ever tasted.  It was just perfect, met my expectations.  For 105 bucks it better!
